Jul 26, 2017
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168469594
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168482251
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjsH2ISyEoA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLNoTtUOFDQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/890284219649458176

[Part I]
I started rich I didn't start I fucking
knew it
feel free to stand up and like adjust
yourself yeah make sure you're
comfortable like I just get a good grip
just adjust the problem is right in
front of the camera because we're not
streaming like there's something
blocking my crotch ways why are you
dressed like a sassy pirate
that's a great question right hi it
begins it begins I everybody welcome so
can you see what that camera right there
in front of the TV I'll be fine you'll
be fine - you get different outfits and
you know like kind of this is the stuff
that you start with right but then when
you get so many of these golden coin
things rewards you get a crate in the
crate has different cosmetic items deep
is it only cosmetic and you get to start
with fucking weapons I believe it's only
cosmetic all right all right but I don't
know because some people seem to get
weapons really fucking yes I thought you
guys were going on around 7:00 central I
put seven central because we were
shooting a super-secret video earlier
and who knows when we were gonna get
done we got done really early so we
figured we'd start the stream earlier
welcome sorry to ruin your life wasn't I
I was supposed to die I wasn't sure if I
was gonna be back for this dream yep
because we were driving back from Canada
from faraway Canada like near Calgary
which is above Santana's freising Lee
with two kids your mother and two dogs
German shepherds you found a waitin to
get home a little bit early and you're
ready to go home but you still got a
drive home I mean when you're on a road
trip and so we hauled ass we took two 15
hour days driving home Wow how did the
kids handle that oh they I mean first
they loved it because they got so much
screen time like I brought every video
game DVD like everything your van has
like a TV in the back yeah
got one of those DVD players alright
alright and and you know I brought the
switch
we brought you know I had my iPad with
me brought the D s just like whatever
will keep them quiet right and basically
that was that but but it was great so
yeah we we went all the way from Calgary
to Bismarck North Dakota in one stretch
and then Bismarck North Dakota home in
the second thing yeah so it was quite a
bit and I feel like I'm in the mood to
play some battlegrounds so you know what
this is what we're playing well Jack
likes it's what I'm into right now and
that's fine that's fine for you like
playing something later we'll play
something later but hey but it was it
was a great trip but yeah it was ready
that we were ready to end it
no offense to Bumblefuck canada blood
hey it was also there wasn't a lot to do
and game yeah we got the right a train
that was really great when does this an
hour of updating to do oh my god
I'm from North Dakota how unexcited was
Bismarck we were in Bismarck for six
hours sleeping for five and a half of it
so I cannot
how many Vulcans did Jack meet oh sure
if shit guys if anyone doesn't know the
small town that I happen to be in was
right next door to Vulcan Alberta yeah
make sure I got all my bindings right
here yeah Vulcan Alberta I mess anything
up for you with bindings so everything
should be alright
Vulcan Alberta is is a place named after
Vulcan the god of what God of War god of
metal or something and in in Star Trek
and we were we were it was a little Star
Trek town you can check my Twitter I
posted a bunch of pictures there's not a
gun Star Trek is a God in Roman
mythology
isn't it isn't but isn't Vulcan also
like I know it's the planet but is it a
god in Star Trek I don't think so okay
everybody's leaving now I like to wait a
little bit I like to wait a little bit
where do we want to aim for I've been
finding some luck or have I've been
finding luck lately let's try it's right
here let's see what we can aim for here
Vulcan was the Roman god of
blacksmithing I thought no matter what
it was that's what it was blacksmithing
both could be that makes weapons but
sure sure but so this town of Vulcan has
has decided to be star a star trek town
and there's all this weird half-assed
Star Trek stuff everywhere and it's it's
beautiful the most beautiful part is
none of the residents watch Star Trek
they don't care they don't give a fuck
about Star Trek Ares is the God of War I
thought Ares was the Greek name and
Vulcan was the Roman name I'm wrong
about many things though so Oh Mars and
Ares Mars is the fokin gotta warm that
that sounds right that sounds right I
want to say I've had success in the
ruins before but these might be
different runs
oh here we go
you're holding the tab button yes I am
holding the tab button I have found that
that is a little easier for for picking
up some things like if it's just one
thing I'll just grab it like that that's
that a bulletproof vest that you did I
miss it
what's on the front of that crate you
understand what's that hanging off the
edge here oh nice that's a police vest
yeah burn jack shit need a backpack not
that you don't die in one hit anyway
well that yeah that's why you got to
find the right vest a helmet would help
a pan would help I tried I tried doing
this on a solo stream yes giving it
another shot
yeah I spent 20 minutes running from the
blue line uh-huh after trying you know
the snipe philosophy I was in a rut for
a while and that didn't work out then
the blue line came and I had to start
moving and then I spent like 15 minutes
just moving forward and then I died one
head
yeah snipe yep that's a fantastic game
that sounds exact it came here's the
thing and you know what I'm not going to
I'm not going to disagree like when you
had a chance I don't remember you know
my password I told her I want to be a
woman oh experiment her and like I
anyone who criticizes this game I am all
for that because there are many things
not good about it you know and I could
see someone being really frustrated with
how quickly you die and how little
happens before you get a chance to
really do anything you know so I'm not
gonna I'm not going to begrudge you your
feelings on the game squad play would be
more fun I have no interest in playing
this with the squad or anything I go and
you know what I want to get good on my
own first but I totally agree squad play
would be great if you go in with a plan
if you go in with a group
been a plan until watch each other's
back like oh that would be awesome
let's see if we're gonna oh great we're
in the area I want you we're in the area
we got a good height advantage here oh
that church usually has crap in it now I
thought this world was huge and randomly
generated it's not by the way I didn't
think it was that is something I have
discovered is the map is the same every
time are there at least different Maps
or is it one big map always on that fun
lion killed by something you couldn't
see really quickly I would love a kill
cam honestly where's the kill cam and
then that's it that's all game so I know
I'm what I'm saying is I completely
understand why someone wouldn't like
this rich is so salty damn straight I am
damn straight I am I want to be a woman
the thing is rich you have to capitalize
each the first letter okay do you resent
my making that joke greatly I don't
blame you if you resent that I feel bad
about it in hindsight I didn't think it
would stick around it's a fine joke you
know I like to be girls and games I know
I know I'm trying to humiliate you
though or something weird you are not
all right you are nuts
I am playing along with the joke got to
get the papers so in any case I totally
understand why people were in like it
because like that's it that's a whole
round I didn't do anything and I died to
someone somewhere yeah total BS but when
you got a good round sometimes it makes
it work worth it I'll tell you what hmm
I'll tell you what oh and I heard all
the tips I did not see the other night
though
finally all here once nice
no cyborg or if I don't think not liking
a game equals salty I think rich just
doesn't like a game and that's fair you
know he doesn't have to like a game
punch in the face
there was one time I was playing a
little earlier this morning yeah
and me and a guy dropped down on the
same roof and we're up on a roof and
like there's guns all around and so we
start scrambling to find guns and I
couldn't find a gun but he found a gun
but I knew it would take him a while to
find some ammo and reload so I just
started punching him in the face right
while he was messing around with his gun
killed him nice like four punches killed
him and I was like yeah and I took his
gun in all of his bullets and like he
loaded the gun for you he tried to load
the gun for me and I said aha you fucked
up it's just little moments like that
but again I can completely understand
why someone wouldn't like it because he
got some bad game sometimes so I guess I
should read this the tips from last
stream anyway do it rich not a sudden
would love to see you and Karen play a
fordable space adventure next time she's
on stream they've added five new levels
since you've streamed it over two years
ago oh yeah that was a cute game which
was them remember that was the one where
it was on the Wii U and like one pearl
highlighted a spaceship was there one
person like controlled the movement the
other per like person controlled the
thrust and the guns yeah yeah and yeah
that was a really cute game I like that
yes still tips I'm sorry oh shit see
look at that someone's landing in the
farm already no but I'm here so we're
going for it they're gonna find a gun
now yeah and this might be a really fast
round I'll tell you what go into this
barn here
shit I'm on the roof Gately says hi rich
my roommates want to get a cat and I
agreed on the condition that we name it
rich Evans
lot of unrelated note you guys should
watch mr. hush on best of the worst man
it's terribly bad we we did not watch
mr. hush but recently where did he go
very recently we we had kind of an
amazing screening oh yeah oh yeah I was
not here for that I know you weren't
here for this right here and you're in a
car with two dogs two kids uh-huh I was
watching some fantastically awful movies
I was experiencing life rich I was that
in some miles my soul
you putz come here they're wearing armor
huh oh I tried right I'm a mad function
strats and it didn't know they'd found
an armor yeah
listen Jack is suppose to be in Canada
still no I'm back I'm back we hauled ass
back because we got bored in Canada we
got we got bored in Canada the trip was
mostly a success so it was the the idea
was we slowly drive out to Canada
camping all the way stay in Canada we
had a family thing in Canada and and
then you know haul ass back our plans
were almost ruined the first night as as
my you know it was me my boys my mom and
my mom's two giant German shepherds her
and the dogs were sleeping in her camper
and me and the boys were in the tent and
on our very first night a freak severe
thunderstorm decided to descend on us in
South Dakota and our tent like the air
pressure started changing so rapidly
that our tent would like implode and and
and like deflate and inflate rapidly and
it woke me up and it was startling it
was terrifying the boy slept right
through it until it imploded enough that
it snapped two of the supports yeah and
fell on my youngest the tent fell on my
own freakout
no he was too tired he didn't even know
what was good luckily like that the tent
was like was pulsating hard enough that
my mom heard it in the camper got the
two dogs in the truck so we could run
into the camper before it started
downpouring excessively yeah and and we
all slept in the camper a camper that
was not designed for someone of my
height so I had to kind of sleep like
this area
also the campsite lost power so we had
to like go get the generator started her
camper has a little generator which
means I was soaking wet I bet I slept
like with a towel over me because I was
soaking wind like this
luckily the campsites we were saying it
had little cabins right that we could
rent from now on and like like literally
cabin I'm talking it was four walls and
some cots
that's a standard cabin yeah but like no
like it didn't have like them pioneers
did not live fancy lives right the the
luxury that we had was an outlet for
charging her electrical devices once I
shot you had that much right well that's
it but it was pretty great so we were
saying at KOA campsites which are kind
of you know regulated campsites that are
distributed throughout the country and
they had these little cabins to rent my
favorite part about that is like a
tenting spot at a KOA campsite it was
like 15 bucks a night yeah and you know
then you just get a hunk of grass that's
it but if you wanted to upgrade to a
cabin it was $25 a night and I was like
oh that's actually a really great deal
for us for something that won't fall
over in a harsh wind but it was great it
was it was it was a fun little
experience and you know I'm like now
that's something that the kids will
remember a little a little adventure in
a severe thunderstorm Jack's done far
better than top 70 on stream I have all
you have to do is just walk towards the
middle of the circle until you walk past
somebody who's sniping it's easy yeah so
sometimes sometimes you come on
sometimes okay sometimes you get a
little lucky sometimes it gets a little
boring
true blue channel wants me to plug vine
sauces charity stream which I presume is
too little too late unless it's like a
week-long marathon sure gobbledygook
says I'm trying to get caught up in
money here's a den a here's a donation
to start a foundation to help prevent
future generations of filmmakers from
embarrassing friends on the internet if
you're aware of anyone with this
expectation share their grief
embarrassing their friends on the
Internet
they're talking about me as a reference
to be jack yeah yeah and what Mike has
done to you over the years
oh I get it now DARS life you know it
works guys le Roger says hi rich cause
for my solo stream Brad they're not
they're not snubbing you alright my
niece jocelyn says you are the best
person who plays ever thanks for making
her day you're welcome if you're
watching this right now what you
probably are up to today's where we're
caught out or mostly caught up Brian
Shanno says I just did the wisest thing
ever
I bought a ps4 purely so I could play
blood-borne did you guys do all the
chalice dungeons because Jesus Christ
fucked my cock at leas ramped up fast I
think they do I I have not done them all
I have played around with them a fair
amount the chalice dungeons yeah oh they
do ramp up fast no I have not done all
of them I don't even know if I've done
I've done a couple of them though I
spent 10 minutes on the same fucking
roof nobody walked by
absolutely fucking nobody walked by uh
you know what I could believe that I
could believe that I hear some gunfire I
don't know if I'm close enough to anyone
I was armed like a motherfucker and then
I got sniped in one head while running
to the blue zone from the blue zone
ah you know what I believe it we do I
have to make my way inside the circle
I'm pretty close though so I think I can
do it I'm just gonna hang out here for a
second see if I see anyone do they need
to be a bit more generous with the times
before the blue Zelan thing shit starts
it's just need to be a little bit slower
it's tricky because you know you want to
keep that pressure on people I because
that's where the exciting moments happen
when you have to make quick decisions
but you also want to make sure people
you know have time to get themselves
equipped properly equipped and so you
know the answer is maybe somebody who
has to book it to the zone they need
time to catch their breath before the
next zone thing starts otherwise you're
just doing nothing but running yeah yeah
I'm with you
basically what I'm saying is maybe I do
think like yeah that there's a lot of
small tweaks that need to be made none
of our sons and this is what caught up
after this was hoping for mega maker
tonight oh yeah so what explain mega
maker to me no Mario maker yeah imagine
if they did that with Megaman oh okay
now now imagine if Capcom had nothing to
do with it because this is 100% free and
made by fans that sounds great
which couldn't been easy because there's
a whole no uploading and sharing levels
component to it this is a fan-made game
that's got servers and whatnot
interesting it is you want to play more
of this shit this is the play rate we
are you know what I'll play this for a
little bit that's fine that's fine with
them I want we got any little
battleground motherfucker we got time
great leave my bag all fucking night
jay-ar our Lovecraft says saw the new
Thor 3 trailer yeah Ragnarok question
how can the Hulk work as a member of a
team isn't he just uncontrollable rage
and if your answer is plot convenience I
will accept that explanation Hulk has
been a member of the Avengers now for
three movie here's the thing Hulk I this
is not talking about the cinematic
universe thinking as this is a different
beast but comic book Hulk has basically
had multiple personality disorder for a
long time now and sometimes the Hulk is
quite smart sometimes the hope is
extremely dumb sometimes the Hulk is a
moderate intelligence but he's kind of
an asshole
The Hulk has had dozens of personalities
yes
so yes the Hulk can work in a team
depending upon what personality the Hulk
has this decade right but also a Hulk
has already worked with this team in
these movies yeah this this Marvel
Cinematic Hulk appears to have the
capacity for some intelligence but then
again he did kind of go nuts in the
Helicarrier in the first Avengers so
it's kind of plot to convenience it's
kind of broad convenience no no that no
no that was the first instance of Hulk
appearing in the movie where he didn't
really and remember a Hulk and Bruce
Banner are two different people
well the The Incredible Hulk is still
canon right right okay but that he
wasn't working with a group there so
that was Hulk's first time in the group
and Loki was was manipulating him
remember mm-hmm you can't blame that but
then in in an Ultron Hulk is fighting
right up there alongside the team did
you watch the new Thor trailer yeah God
are they ripping off guardians I don't
know that I even care tell me they're
not writing Hulk exactly like Drax from
guardians one no I've seen he's kind of
comic he's kind of comic but like the
whole thing is he's saying the blunt
honest thing to Thor when they're having
that little conversation I am like
whatever it was you were like water I'm
like fire well I'm like fire too but
hope like big great you know and they're
right he's being written like Drax
no Drax has a different stick he that's
that's just him competing with Thor I
don't know maybe I hope not because you
know rich what the fuck you talking
about I'm talking about tone and style
Thor is now a fun comical space
adventurer with fun personalities like
guardians of the galaxy yeah I could see
some comparisons there putting together
like a team they're putting together you
know some guardians and I got there they
got their badass warrior woman they got
their big strong guy they got their main
guy who's also a strong guy yeah I could
say there's an argument they got that
music going they got that kind of late
seventies early eighties graphic a
little style with logo it has itself
some Guardians you know I don't know
that that's a terrible thing
I don't know that that's bad I'm not
saying it's bad I'm pointing out what
they're doing
I guess I could see some arguments being
made for it and then you know the big
question is whether or not it's part of
the movie or just part of the
advertising because guardians has done
very well right sure I don't know what
drinking energy drinks does but I'm
gonna do it because why not
rich tell Jack he left the best shotgun
behind in that house well too late now
God tell me quicker and I already have a
shotgun but more importantly have a
machine gun so I'm good I like the
machine gun more and I got a nice dot
sight there that's great
whoever whoever gave me that tip when I
was playing that like quick press for
this view oh shit shit shit I'm in a
bomb zone no send anymore I'm in a Bob
zone I know you are I don't know what
you want me to do about this just let
you know if you see on the little red
map I'm in the red thing and that means
bombs are coming
someone says hoarding gear seems like a
mistake yeah you don't like once you
have a couple good guns and bandages you
don't need to worry about like grabbing
more items which i think is like an
early player mistake where you just keep
searching for new items but uh you know
like bandages stuff like that
really as it gets more as it gets as the
circle gets smaller and smaller you're
looking for mace what you close to that
house you want to get inside right but
that's where the there's all right all
right you know there's bombs everywhere
going near the house I agree with you
but just taking my time get in get in
get it get in oh that was that was that
was tense that was that was tense yeah
it was a grenade frag grenade I want
that please what else what else was at
the comic-con oh my god everything the
the defenders had their panel and some
more some more trailers not super hyped
but you know Sigourney Weaver stranger
things stranger things have their
trailer come out which which seems like
it's it's it's going from the 80s is
just a happenstance setting to the 80s
is remember the thriller remember
ghostbusters remember dragons laughs
yeah could just be a trailer thing I
don't know but remember the things yeah
it was need that kind of pandering it
was a lot of remember the things season
was it was just a setting right
it's ghostbusters them just like
Ghostbusters they got a thing of joy
trap and you know they're dressed like
ghostbusters I don't mind just like
Ghostbusters trap that's something that
a kid would do but yeah hopefully it's
as earnest as it was and yeah in the
first movie
all right there are gun remember daddy's
very didn't he's waiting inside
yeah yeah yeah and you know I I think I
think they've they've earned enough
credit huh for that amazing first season
oh yeah yeah I'm not we're not
completely shitting her I'm just this is
the vibe I got the trailer oh definitely
definitely but you know hopefully they
had a good creative team going in the
same creative teams uh here's hoping
that's saying if you want eighties
nostalgia explosion take a look at the
ready player one trailer oh my god that
God or chaotic fucking mess now I have
not read the book ready player one I
because of the trailer I read the
synopsis on Wikipedia it sounds like a
reference reference his reference people
have been posting like pages from the
book
yeah I'm lying like here like if you
want to know what ready player ones all
about here's a page and I just reading
one page I'm cringing the hardest I've
ever cringed because that's what it's
all about it's it's it's a reference
after a reference after a reference you
know it's like one page of that book is
off and um maybe the whole thing works
you know maybe it all works the other no
I think someone's been here already
oh hello crossbow maybe not please fist
level to helmet level three nice mask
nice crossbow has treated me good in the
past but it's really hard and at the end
I assume the end if you make it that far
is just gonna get too chaotic yeah so
yeah like those arrows are just gonna be
cluttering your inventory absolutely
I just don't need all this crap
I'll close her we to the we're pretty
close
don't judge a book by its trailer come
on I'm also judging it by its Wikipedia
page yeah no it seems the book seems
awful I'm not you know I have not read
it I've like I've just read the the
pages that people have posted and it
just seems you know it just seems awful
my shotgun
so that any interest in oh fish Oh
garbage hot garbage hot hot garbage
that's my final thought on the radio and
ready player one and in general Jeff
saying any interest in West world was
there West world stuff from the
comic-con I don't think I think there
was just the announcement that we're not
getting more West world until next
fucking year good that means they're
taking their time with it yeah i season
one of West world is fantastic it's
something I really enjoyed and uh yeah
I'm ready for more I'm looking forward
to more I already have so yeah any more
west world good ah good I'll take it
oh shit I wasn't paying attention
you're kind of fucked aren't you no no I
just slowly lose health I'll be kind of
fucked
no no I'm close I'm close doesn't look
like you can catch up with it yeah well
no it's it's you see well you can't see
because the camera is right there but
I'm close enough to the white line where
I can get into the camera is so far over
I can see it on the other side okay well
so I'm close enough to the white line
where I can heal myself after and then
keep moving but yeah I gotta keep moving
it's getting they say you run faster
with a pistol well I'm sure I run faster
with a pistol but I also want a gun that
can do some damage get out of the blast
zone oh you're getting all kinds of
fucked pretty much that's okay cuz I can
make it so yeah if you're outside of the
blue line you just slowly lose health
but now I'll be here drop so no one sees
me bandaged up I haven't even watched
any new Star Trek Discovery trailers
I've heard there was one I just kind of
forgot about it
oh yeah I'm just fully expecting that
show to be crap now we're getting we're
getting closer and closer so we got a
shit
yeah I'm pretty fucked button hab 78
says is it me or to Star Trek Discovery
continue to look more and more like
cinematic garbage and now the main
character is supposed to be Spock's
adopted sister huh that's a rumor is
that is that a cannon thing no I don't
think he ever had a sister okay great
we're adding that for this shit
apparently our original ideas dead is
Trek dead our original ideas are dead no
and I don't know the trek is dead yet
original ideas are not dead they're just
not the original ideas are not dead but
you can't expect an original idea with
something called Star Trek in front of
it like you have to go outside of
something called Star Trek for original
ideas like original ideas being dead and
I've never stopped anybody
look at how creatively bankrupt Star
Wars is and they're still making that
yeah well that's all I'm saying is that
Veda is gonna be in the Han Solo movies
for no reason he's gonna be the stylers
movie you gotta have the dog Vader in it
he's a guy over here I know he's
probably lying prone I don't think he
saw me this happened to me I got shot in
the back
nah Star Wars isn't name me one original
idea Star Wars has had in the last 20
years they're gonna they're gonna point
to all the books and what the shit that
wasn't profitable what original idea
that worked the x-wings
rebels and there's a dead star at a dog
Vader you got egg swings and the
revolution a Death Star and if that
theta you're all kinds of fucked killcam
give me a kill camp well I guess but
again this is all I'm saying is you're
you're asking two different questions
like our original idea is dead and you
know this Star Trek thing looks bad it's
like no there are there is a good
original sci-fi out there it's just not
going to be called Star Trek you know go
see a rival if you want good original
Syfy if you want good Star Trek then you
just go watch Star Trek beyond yeah
which I believe is on Netflix now I know
it's on Amazon Prime and it's fucking
great I watched it again recently it's
so good
yes I'll be called Orville Orville this
is the the Star Trek with a good ideas
III tell you that that Seth MacFarlane
Star Trek ripoff show is gonna be great
yeah I got a feeling oh yeah I got a
feeling that shows gonna shock people
mm-hmm yeah go see valerian people who
are ready to see something that's in the
spirit of Star Trek and not just
something that has the Star Trek name
slapped on it this is this is what I'm
saying yeah
this is what I'm saying get its and it's
in our head you've got to get there it's
it's gonna be it's gonna be one of those
shot of the dead style loving parodies
yes yeah I could see that yeah I could
see that MacFarlane is a fanboy I'm so
comes out turns out
wrong and it is just pure garbage but
we'll see hope for that I do Star Trek
discover preacher preacher is original
except for that it was based off of a
comic book I know and everything is
based off of everything else I think
even of rival is based off of a short
story who and I didn't much care for the
first episode of preacher I'll tell you
what I did not much care for that that
uh that pilot of preacher kind of I kind
of love the comics I know I don't have
faith that the show was gonna do it
justice right or if it does like like no
you know what in the third season they
finally got it right and it's like yeah
it's too late it's too late ss heart is
in the right place rebooting cosmos
that's right huge a eighty one like I
said can be funny I like a lot of stuff
he does you know there was some good
Family Guy in there I actually really
liked Ted
I thought Ted was a very good movie I
just don't personally like it when he's
on camera because he looks kind of like
a douchebag and that's my only issue
with uh with the show is he's starring
in it right Sofia
yeah the Orval yeah yeah I just don't
like looking at him I'm not I'm not even
saying he's a bad actor I just don't
like looking at his face I'm I can't
give a good reason why but I'm
optimistic all right you know what I'll
be with you then I'll be with you
originality is out there you just have
to look for a different name on it know
what I've been havin over here with all
right this little like Airport and that
looks like two runways right there
I don't know if I've ever been over here
we'll try that see what's over there oh
yeah I watch heroes that you know what
the first season of Heroes was pretty
dark I knew that was gonna run out of
steam and leave you unsatisfied it sure
did run out of steam and leave me
unsatisfied but that's first season was
pretty damn good say drive dives
straight down Jack to go faster I was
I'm just reading the thing I thought I
was this is oh that's not an airstrip I
was here last week
what Oh something that doesn't that'll
crevice area oh yeah yeah anything good
no it was later game though so I wasn't
I wasn't in scrounging for materials no
sure give me again give me a gun give me
a gun again
give me again it didn't run out of steam
the writers strike happened
either way oh yeah you were left
unsatisfied
oh my and it really did it really
pedaled but you know even like even with
the writers strike they just had no idea
where they were going with that
that was that Lindelof again heroes yes
yeah classic Lindelof you know ask a
bunch of you know set up a bunch of
great pieces and piss all over it I
don't know if we're watching Twin Peaks
this is a question for Jay Jay Josh
they're all over the Twin Peaks all over
that's my pigs I'm waiting so I can
binge I'm waiting for the season to be
over and then I'm planning on binging me
personally but I'm looking forward to it
I'll tell you what I'll tell you what
I've been talking to with Jay about it
here and there
fucking hell about name says hey guys
I'm wondering if you've seen Dunkirk I
thought it was one of the most realistic
movies I've ever seen if you haven't
seen it what movies struck you most with
realism space cop space cop anyway
pick any drama and say that's realism
going about the lives what constitutes
real is Reimer versus Kramer vs Kramer
right I am not at all in any way
concerned about realism in my movies
right right
is I in fact enjoyed the fiction of
movies that's why I like movies so much
so I'm not at all concerned with that
I've heard really good things about
Dunkirk I I haven't been able to watch a
Nolan movie since the Dark Knight Rises
because I thought that was such a huge
piece of garbage I like I didn't see
interstellar and I didn't see actually I
think it's just an inner cellar and the
best movies seem to have a bit of style
to them Evil Dead - England - does not
give a fuck about realism yep the worst
items I need a backpack and I need a big
gun when one year depicting war it's
important to have realism why if it's a
documentary sure but you know is
inglorious basterds realistic maybe a
little bit
I not have that gun where do I put
through that saving the Saving Private
Ryan that's a good gritty realistic war
I think but I've never been a war so I
can't tell you for sure right but I
don't know that you have to depict war
realistically by the way even depicting
it realistically is a stylistic choice
no and I am not at all concerned with
realism in movies and if that's the
direction they go like you know
something like the the slow plotting
nature of you know like a punch-drunk
love like a pole what's what's his name
pole W Anderson yeah like that or a big
movie there will be blood you know where
it's just slow and it's a lot of
characters talking but it still has some
style to it I don't know if that's
something a person would even consider
realistic but a you know thoughts on the
new Call of Duty set in world war ii
removing swastikas and having black
female Nazis ah that's just stupid the
shooting Nazis is the fun part of world
war ii games
you shouldn't sense her out the swastika
you have to you have to face this
horrible thing that you like you're
doomed to repeat history if you don't
learn the lesson what's the how's the
saying go I'm fucking it up your butt
yeah I don't know that it's better to
pretend that it didn't happen you have
to face how horrible the Nazis were and
get people to shoot him that's part of
the fun man bright shoot the Nazis you
know what a pretend it didn't happen
right
I put you on here no I need I
desperately desperately need a backpack
hey yeah backpack a little - backpack
shit yeah
now we're talking now we're fucking
talking rich if it's offensive
it's supposed to be we're supposed to
not like them not they were awful and
again that's the fun of the game this
shooting fucking Nazis yes yes get with
it man okay you know you can make your
own decisions with your own game you do
it you do you but maybe you don't get
why people like that shit the problem is
that real neo-nazis want to play as
Nazis that we know who the fuckers are
we know exactly who keep an eye on right
just like those guys who want to play
Jason a little too much just go all
right you get on a list now you're on a
list now forever
come on not even close
no of course I'll make it I'll make it I
could use a vest but we're doing pretty
alright this round we got so we got some
nice weapons got backpack I could use a
vest so I could use a little more armor
oh can I Drive you there only excluding
the swastikas and multiplayer and I
still think it's dumb Oh only a
multiplayer yeah
I hit a tree my bad
don't hit trees probably why they want
you to drive on roads and shit fuck that
bad gamer Korean says Jack I'm Jack have
you played splatoon - I didn't play one
cuz I didn't have a wii u but man am i
enjoying splat - which to me says it's
out now pretty bright visuals so much
light-hearted fun would love to play
with you if you have plans question mark
I don't I don't necessarily plan on
playing it but I don't not so what's
what's this just take her just go just
stay current go who needs this shit fuck
oh this game is great oh it's so fun
rich is all fun I have already conceded
that it's not always fun we got the car
while we were in a duel with somebody we
got shot in the back so fun I have
killed many people that way by the way
my favorite is is find it as seeing a
duel right wins the duel and they go
over to loot the stuff and then I shoot
them and I go over to loot the stuff and
someone shoots me yes that's right chaps
so realistic Jorgen bunda said that
nice one Jorgen one as he realism
fuckers that was my own fault I should
have went in the building so I could
have had some cover that was I got I got
distracted I got distracted
deal with jerks naïveté eventually
only you know you won't know he's there
when you go back to the car no but you
can't be in a car for too long it's
something I've learned because a car is
a just a giant loud target job and it's
pretty easy to kill someone in a car yep
so that's that you never want to be in a
car for too long
and I got you know I got well enough
inside the circle where I should have
played it a little more safely that was
my fault
playing game badly doesn't enjoy game
stop using that shitty mouse keyboard
setup this is a gaming mouse and this is
WASD fuck off this is my gaming mouse
and this is WASD there I am I am NOT
fuck off
right click to instantly take slash
equip items you don't have to drag them
over oh that's good see you know what
that's a helpful tip I don't mind if you
keep playing this if you could just play
a little better that would be great not
gonna happen you guys know I'm not good
at video games you've said so you've
said so I'm not I'm not gonna you know
what I'm purposefully not gonna get
better punch punch punch dragon punch
that's eighty five says guten abend
minor Haran have you seen the latest
German or else son youtube right here
may have a link
are you already feeling new berlin new
Wolfenstein is out in three months oh my
god
I'm not even familiar with this German
or else thing you talk about yeah you
know I'm already I got a I already got
sick of new order I'll be real with you
I got real sick a new order real fast
all the taka-taka-taka-taka all that
taka taka man you have you have far less
tolerance of these things than I do yes
I just can't stand up when there's very
little else well but that was my problem
is like the LA when gameplay is
half-assed because they're too busy
trying to tell a story I can't stand it
but the levels were so fucking short the
levels were so damn short and then you
get a big extended story cutscene it's
always doom doom is fantastic Jesus
Christ Doom is the best
Jesus Christ Doom is the fucking best
Gately says hi guys nice shirt rich and
nice gams Jack yay check out my gams
thanks for providing us all with such
entertaining content over the years mind
giving a shout out to my boy Steve
Miller thanks again shout out to my boy
Steve Miller you from the band is that's
what I'm talking about yep
I don't know any other fucking Steve
Miller I don't give a shit who they are
right so Steve Miller Band that's what
matters
so once in the house rich
now if they're smart they'll just leave
if they're smart they don't need this
headache they get nothing from this
encounter with you well they get all my
shit they don't need that much shit they
just need to live right this shit the
shit the loot the loot is alive the loot
is alive you are correct now if instead
of the circle mechanic you needed like
food off of people to stay alive
that would be something that would be
something to keep you going yeah and
keep you moving and and and not just
stand there and camp but the said they
got the circle mechanic which is awful
this guy has no reason to fight you but
you're doing it because you both want to
fight someone that's the only reason
you're here well at least I know who
killed me that time rich is so wrong
rich you're so wrong I know husband said
you fund the stream so far obviously I'm
wrong and this game is perfect ten out
of ten game of the year it's a ten game
of the year you might get a year it's
just what I feel like playing today and
you know what also because so little
happens it's really easy to talk over
like I don't have to think about stuff
to Mars I mean just talk about shit food
mechanic would just make people hoard
cans of beans sitting at our and snipe
everyone who approaches well if you
could only get the beans by looting
other players in the first place then
you would have earned that position so
every player so you don't find you don't
find you don't scavenge for the beans
every player starts every player starts
with beans yeah and you need to eat a
can of being every two minutes something
like that I like it right and then the
only way to get more beans is by killing
other crops
now you're talking rich now you're
talking the only the only thing that
would be severely annoying about that
yeah I near the end of the game and
everyone else is all far apart yeah yeah
oh I'll grant you that and and it's just
and you would have no idea where the
other players are so you need a much
smaller bat map in a much smaller
starting maybe maybe this map is too
goddamn big they cut off 75% of it after
the first two minutes yeah so maybe the
map is too goddamn big well I think the
the the feeling with the map size is
because it's just one map uh-huh it
makes it feel like it's more map because
you just hang out in one area you know
so then it just feels like I'm saying
maybe the initial premise is flawed well
I mean the initial premise of a battle
royale
royale game is alright there's something
in there
doing the early drop out and head over
to nuke town over here see if I can hang
out in this area
head over to nuke town oh yeah the more
beans eat the more you fart some people
can hear you come that's a Christian now
we're talking now we've got the makings
now I got the makings of a real game all
rich does is complain it's true you hate
everything did you know yeah I know I
know I don't you know oddly enough I
don't praise things I don't like what oh
this is amazing
this is so amazing that I would just be
full of shit and why would you want to
listen to me at all that's true this is
popular I better find a way to like this
so the met raining is working on a
Netflix show I heard that an animated
Netflix show featuring the voice cast or
a lot of the most of them of Futurama
doesn't look like they have katey sagal
oh that's too bad she's good and I
haven't heard anything about David X
Cohen being involved he's one of the
creators he created Futurama with with
Matt okay it was right around the
Simpsons back in the day right
come on come on give me a gun give me a
gun give me a gun rich hates everything
is true Jack thinks everything is mad
yeah I didn't I didn't just praise to
him we didn't just have 30 streams a
Friday the 13th the game because we
loved it I enjoyed mega maker quite a
bit no the other day did but did you
know that you hate everything I know I
know I hate how do you how do you how do
you make that how do you square that
rich that's let's see that's why you
hate this not because you really hate it
but because you need to find something
to hate for your insatiable lust of hate
I get it I get it now oh you know what I
really hate all Rick and Morty all oh I
hate that show Oh cuz I hate everything
Jan you do I know that about you like oh
can you put that on oh maybe that's bad
a scone I'm not gonna care about it
right now cuz I need a fucking gun oh I
can drive that Jeep anonymous says Jack
are you playing mega maker tonight this
is entirely up to you the answer is
maybe right now we're playing this
obviously if you hadn't noticed we're
playing this right now I might play mega
Maker rich seem to really enjoy a mega
maker I got a gun reload just a pistol I
could use like a real gun we're gonna
get a cool mask
all right we'll take shotgun who wish I
can choke did you know I hate this game
just because I'm not good at it yeah I
didn't know that about you by the way
but you know but then I'm also not good
at it and I don't hate it so wait a
minute we got a problem
guys we got a problem here god damn it
you chat you chat you fuckers get your
shit together there's a car gonna loot
this house now we're gonna drive this
car into the into the safety of dance
into the safe zone oh my god I got two
minutes I got two whole minutes come on
so I thought you're all right last time
you played rich even if that's the case
I still didn't enjoy it I spent I spent
half the game running from a blue line
and I spent the other half just sitting
there doing nothing waiting to snipe
somebody who didn't walk by that's the
game it's awful I disagree and that's
okay people see see how it works
rich thinks one way and you can think
another way and then we all just get
along all right let's get the fuck out
of here
oh no that looks like a jeep you can
drive instead of the map shrinking you
should get bigger until you are huge
Giants that might be the best addition
oh and we're so fucked this game by the
way that car that I was gonna take to
the safety zone yeah is a
non-functioning car oh maybe this truck
works it's hard to tell sometimes which
vehicle works in which don't know and
I'm Way out of the oh yeah of the circle
area so I have approximately a minute to
find a vehicle or else I'm just totally
fucked and I'm gonna die
say if it's rusty it's broken
if it's oh wait I think that could be
one Jack is dead yeah it's rusty so it's
broken right and that's the yep okay
well there's something over behind those
they're rusty cars button I didn't see
any em I'm gonna I'm dragging towards
the objective while desperately
searching for a vehicle and you know
what this is my fault this is my fault
rich because I wasn't paying attention
to the map right away and you could
check the circle and I didn't so it's my
fault that I'm gonna die the most boring
death of all the blue line is gonna kill
me all real vehicles spawn facing east
that sounds like a lot of horseshit it
steams it's too weird to be effect it's
also too weird to make up that's really
weird switch switch to your pistol or
put away your weapon to run faster okay
motorcycle motorcycle
yeah wait how do I go
fine everything's fine everything's
about nope all right this way
I should really stick it to the roads
oh I'm gonna crash I didn't type in
before he crashes and Oh fun game such a
fun game such a fun game such a fun game
Gabe Lee says my buddy Steve was
listening while driving and almost got
into a wreck when he heard the Shh
this shout-out whoops anonymous says
today I mentioned to my mom that I
apparently swear in my sleep uh-huh to
which she replied oh it's a good thing
you don't sleep with kids then yeah mom
I wouldn't want to pick up any bad
habits
thankee owl I didn't crash and dive
someone shot me as I like I crashed but
that didn't hurt me and then someone
randomly was there and shot me in the
back I'm not saying I'm like I said I've
had a little bit of fun with this game
I'm not saying it's perfect it's just
you know it has its moments where it
kicks you in the balls and there's very
little there's very sometimes there is
very little that you as a player can do
to play well this game is the video game
equivalent of herpes and it's spreading
just as fast judging by Steam stats it's
good for a lark I forget how much it was
I forget how much it was button this
game is constant ball kicks yeah yes got
some it's got some kicks to the balls
I'll be honest with you absolutely but
you know what sometimes you get to be
the ball kicker and now that feels
pretty good someone do someone do an up
time for me someone do an up time for me
thirty bucks
yeah twenty would be better you either
love it or hate it Jack now all right
kaleidoscope you get it you get it there
are parts I like about it
one hour seven minutes okay I'll play
for a little bit longer I know you play
as long as you want I'm gonna give it
shit but as long as you're having fun
whatever you know what sometimes I am
don't I don't feel any pressure to stop
playing because I'm being a jackass
because it amuses me this game is super
popular it's like super pop like super
popular all right here we go try again
here we go
we're gonna be smart this time we're
gonna land we're gonna loot a little bit
then we're gonna check the house right
away we're gonna check the map right
away
I'm also just gonna jump out as soon as
I can head to that radio tower that's my
plan
radio tower wait a little longer to
deploy your parachute you're just
letting an auto deploy right I'm just
letting it Auto deploy so I've never hit
the release parachute button if you see
on the low you actually can't see
because our cameras covering it on the
left side you hit a certain point which
is right now at around 100 kilometers
where your parachute auto deploys did it
deploy when you're higher because you're
over a mountain I don't know was that a
factor
maybe is there a mountain factor in this
game yes 100 percent drop so no I
actually have never in my entire history
playing this game never have I hit the
deploy parachute button and knew
the hilltop is a deathtrap great it's
based on sea level rich so if you want
to get on the ground sooner it's to your
advantage to land on a mountain yes no
backpack doesn't matter what you do
you're gonna die in one hit from behind
yep
it sucks sometimes Oh
check my map ok no circle the area yet
good we're good there Jack have you
considered looking for people and
killing them no no never
why why would you do that that's just
stupid
so budding all-caps ed vest level 2 did
you miss a vest it's very possible I
missed it a vest but you know currently
I'm working on not dying current my
current plan is not dying
god I suck jump down great oh you have
to see like this person has so much shit
they have to spawn with it right don't
you think
no I don't know you know what I don't
know either
I'm gonna be okay with this gun I kind
of like this gun did I get any bandages
from you no do I have any bandages it's
the cheap bad gotta look down science or
you're very inaccurate yeah yeah you can
you can hold the right trigger and you
kind of get a little more accurate and
that's what I was doing because looking
down sightseeing it takes a little it's
a little disorientating and so I didn't
do that oh shit oh no and I'm in the
zone I'm in the zone so I'm good is
there an option just to play the whole
game third my first person yeah like
this but I prefer this because it gives
me a slightly wider field of view and
and I prefer that people just know how
to fall faster than you no one ever
spawns with gear okay how much Jack's
supposed to fall faster oh no and I
believe that like I don't think anyone
starts with gear it's just oh shit and
I'm fucked no maybe you'll be in the
center of the circle and you could just
hang out here all game and be fine right
you'd be the last one alive is that not
theoretically possible that is very
theoretically possible I mean I try to
be a little more proactive than that
though they want you to take off the
parachute I don't have a parachute I
have a backpack
come on chat you know better than that
I'm sure there was like a road to get
down or something and I just chose
poorly but I'm still in the Senate I'm
you know I'm in the circle so I'm gonna
be okay with it and I'll just take this
way down and analysis well absolutely
nothing worth giving a shit about coming
to theaters in August what are your
overall thoughts on the movie summer
movie season this year yeah weird
guardians in spider-man shit I'm ended
I'm not dead I'm just very close to dead
and now the bombs are coming god fucking
damn it
I think I think if summers seem
lackluster these days because Christmas
season has started eating into the
density of your summer blockbusters sure
is now now they're spraying it out more
over the year it used to be
June and July were insane it's like
every week another big movie was coming
out now now a few of those are moving
over to December instead yeah yeah um no
we've had some good movies come out this
year we've had some good movies and you
know what summers not over right when
does uh when does the floor come out is
that soon
Oh bandage
Bunnie boyfriend says now either of you
ever have that says no says how how
either of you ever loved a show so much
you went out and bought books with new
adventures based on the Cheryl I imagine
much like myself Mike has a collection
of T and G Star Trek books I don't
believe he does neither neither do i I
usually expect novel cheap novel
versions of things to be awful yeah I
think if you're an author you probably
you probably want to write your own
stories but if you're writing like
licensed T and G books you're you're
probably writing bad fanfiction right
you and and you know it's it's just a
paycheck for you we're like yeah okay I
got a cranked out another Star Trek
bullshit oh I don't know the captain
finds an alien uh that's my that's my
impression of like a pay pay for all
right all right what I really want is
better is like a scope that's what I'm
really looking for here yes we talked
about Jack's vacation first thing he's
is not dead I'm not dead
Dennis see I'm talking about just a big
target on it yeah where are you going he
doesn't see me yet oh he's driving away
it's fine there was not he's driving
around
alright alright
sometimes the plane drops presence and I
haven't been able to get a present yet
Jr Lovecraft the chat is saying kill
Jason you promised I would love to do a
kill Jason stream its just probably
difficult
I'll see you look there do you see that
over there that parachute yeah it's
dropping at present I'm just gonna head
a little more towards the center of this
circle and kind of take my time here
yeah if I could find some more bandages
that would be helpful fanboy yeah go waa
waa says hi guys hi Bebel could you
maybe make a Friday the 13th group on
steam maybe then we can make Jason sleep
with the fishes also this would reduce
the chance of saboteurs I'll tell you
know what there there's another problem
with trying to kill Jason in a group and
I'll tell you what that is I was a play
in Friday the 13th once yeah oh look
what happened to that this guy crashed
his car I was playing in Friday 13th was
he dead I don't know probably not dead
why don't you proceed with caution
I was playing Friday the 13th once and I
was Jason and you know it's just a
couple like there's a male counselor a
female counselor and a Tommy Jarvis
left's right and they've been kind of
sent another car on the road it's not
moving gasps Oh Jeff guess you don't
need gas cars come with gas
so so there was a time jars right and
they were they were giving me some
hassles and they were acting a little
suspicious I was Jason yeah so all the
sudden they're kind of grouped up
together and one of them hits me and
knocks me down and I hear them say he's
down go go go and I knew it and the girl
and just the girl ran away yeah I knew
immediately that they were going for a
Jason well that's the problem
okay the problem then isn't playing with
a group the prom is playing with a dumb
group well here's right here's the
proper strap right well I Olin the the
moral of the story is if Jason knows
you're going for a kill you will not get
it unless you're smarter than they were
I don't know because he never split up
well here's the thing I could have I
could have stayed there and fought the
people and font Tommy but I knew
immediately that they were going for
Jason kills so I concentrated my fire
woman sure yeah
here's alternates trap yeah don't have
the woman split up and go alone everyone
as a fucking group head over to the
shack right and then you just do the
whole deed right there in front of the
Shack that's not bad
Jason put straps down in front of the
Shack well guess what you over the whole
group to non-essential personnel can
just walk right into those traps
everyone else keep Jason bitch everyone
else keep Jason stunned
so that group was just dumb
well I had also I also killed all them
so there are only three players left
right okay that is a working vehicle but
I'm actually not going to touch it
because I'm already in the zone and so
I'm just gonna hang out in the zone I'd
love to be able to find another health
packet but I'm just kind of we're just
gonna play super cautiously oh there's a
little house keep the high ground
there have been no shortage of
previously recorded Friday than 13
streams almost to the point where it's
like we can't we kind of got to give it
a break we we had like eight of them in
a row one whenever you want to bring
your PC and Jack we can go for the kill
again or don't I don't you know whatever
within the zone already rich so quick to
insult other players intelligence kind
of mean I also kind of true you're
talking about your plans right in front
of the Jason who you were obviously
trying to kill and then you send
essential personnel who was vital for
the kill off alone yes with Jason fully
aware of where she is going and what you
word fragment it's just dumb yeah it's a
bad strategy bad strat either you have
someone fast grab the sweater early yeah
or you you just go everyone goes there
as a fucking group and it's a fight it's
a fucking battle but that's how you do
it
I don't want to run here but I'd love
another health pack
Oh horseshit I hit it I hit him a lot
that was horseshit I also remember my
health was all the way down from falling
I understand that so I know I got a move
and I didn't want to go in there because
I was sure a guy was in there waiting on
the edge like me but I gave him enough
time I know I had no I didn't have the
health for but I thought I had him oh oh
well horse oh I like that that's a good
sweater instead of horse shit you say
horse apples
I like that Jack trigger choice Oh horse
apples
Jirka Manzo's this game reminds me of a
quote sometimes you have fun and
sometimes the fun has you I don't think
I don't think that is a quote but you
know well I guess you said it so it's a
it's your quote but brick Jagger says
hey guys hi how about that board game
stream I think Jack mentioned owning
Star Wars rebellion yeah and I believe
it's a two players game should be more
action-packed than this always fun to
catch you live you know I played it once
mm-hmm and it was alright it was
interesting I'd love to play it again it
seemed like it had some decent strategy
to it we might be able to do that as a
TV if we can ever get a big group I
would love to do captain sonar yeah that
that's that submarine okay battle where
it's a lot like the Wrath accom
spaceship battle where you're trying to
figure out where the other player is so
you can bomb them you know but every
time you move they try to figure out
where you are and that's a super good in
fact I haven't even played that since I
played at the once because you need that
you need at least six people to play it
for it to be fun but
the Bruno 3 says hey guys rich have you
by chance played warframe before no I
asked because the gameplay seems up your
alley being a vanquished type shooter
really fast and agile free-to-play is
the only downside see it
excuse me there's some kind of micro
transaction involved I'm just I'm not
familiar with it
I mean maybe all into it dude dude if
you're falling at terminal velocity when
your chute opens you'll fall much faster
alright explain to us up jack is not
falling on terminal is there an extra
button one needs to hit wellhere's go
through the entire process of falling
out of the here's what I think it's oh
you hit the button to fall right yeah
then you can either go like this which
means you get distance or you can kind
of look down yeah and that makes you
fall really fast but then you kind of
have to you don't get to choose where
you lay down you fall directly beneath
you so you know what you do is it like
you fall like that you aim yourself
towards this house and then you go like
this to fall so it's probably not
jumping out of the plane at the right
spot in the first place well but then
like no matter where you jump out of the
plane you have to kind of like see look
at that my guys wave way faster because
he jumped out directly over that house
been my guests apparently oh no
everybody's fucking over here alright
well I'll see what happens
I'm a head punching strat you have to
push forward while looking down and I
was
gotta hit me gotta hit me gotcha gotcha
hey mad punching strats man I got you
you son of a bitch we're calling you 20
punch man one paw hey I did it didn't I
he was too busy fiddling around with his
gun not punching me back that's all that
matters doesn't matter how I did it I
did it
now there's another fucker around here
too so I got to be careful epic Jason X
9000 says good evening
epic Jason oh hey epic Jason I got your
uh your space cops ness fanart thought
that was pretty fun I haven't seen him I
thought forwarded to you might not have
I might not have seen it yet if you did
oh yeah no you don't take your email
yeah captain but he made it he made a
space cop thing that looked like like a
ass nest game okay pretty fun cool
since rich does an extremely good George
Lucas impersonation and cosplay I've
been wanting to share this MADtv skit
with rich from quite a while now alright
you're on fire jack fortunately you
caught that guy when he was looking the
other way he knew there was another
person here too so he was checking that
door should I check the other door what
do you got we've had some shit
you try that right-click nonsense huh
you know this is how I'm used to doing
it so this is how I'm doing it how about
that how about that motherfuckers
we got some shit now and you know what
learn from the mistakes of other people
keep checking
keep checking oh right and I'm in the
zone
nice auto so I mean I'm in the auto zone
rich I've killed two people
this runs you're not in the health sown
huh you're not in the health sauna oh
wait did I get a bandage no I am NOT in
the health own yeah so now we could use
a bandage or else I'm gonna have to
sneak up on everybody like I snuck up on
that person which is just not very
likely so now we you know what we're in
the white zone so we can play it a
little slow play it a little careful do
the skit rich don't change the subject
do the Lucas - Lucas I don't shit
see I saw person nice person over there
um no I'm Jax gonna kind of shoot at
them my gosh there you go
Lucas for the day there's a MADtv skit
where Will Sasso does George Lucas okay
and someone wants you to watch it
because you also do a George Lucas
impression we're in the middle of a
stream I can't watch it right now I
guess I could but I'd be silly pretty
rude
now we know there's a person that away
and I don't think they saw me but they
might have you those houses a second
past yeah there's a second armored that
they didn't pick up but I think it's
more important to keep moving all right
I mean you know I mean like that I'm in
the first zone so I don't have to worry
too much and you don't worry about
people coming from outside of the zone
behind you right of range that's that's
yeah that's what I thought this is this
is my best chance at a ranged weapon
right now where was that fucker going
probably to those houses on the right so
that's way too populated I understand
that and you know he was probably just
heading towards the center of the circle
that's cuz that's what I kind of do
sometimes I mean he would probably like
some kind of cover yeah so you probably
stick over there
so we're going to stay away from the
exciting city yes so you can walk
through the grass yes slowly very slowly
all right all right do you understand
the plan now I think I understand this
game now yes you do the boring thing
just came kind of sucks you want to do
the boring thing because that's what
keeps you alive if I was that guy I
would head towards that house and he
would be watching you walk towards him
right now
Wow but I'm prone that doesn't mean
you're invisible doesn't mean I'm
invisible but you know if you do it like
a quick look like what there's anyone
over there then you don't see him right
that also means that I'm moving very
slowly
ice ham says been stuck on Iceland for a
month now visiting family so many
Vista's honestly but it would be awesome
if you guys set up a prereq f13 co-op
stream with rich jack and edmund
mcmillen
I don't think Edmund please I'll be
honest with you he would probably enjoy
it just as a horror fan but I don't
think he plays and now you know what
what will suck because I'm sure this is
gonna happen I think I'm really slowly
carefully and cautiously make my way
over to this house and I'm gonna open
the door then immediately someone's
gonna shot oh anything I understand that
all right
you want out you want a strap yeah right
in your shotgun and no matter what just
instantly shoot once you open the door
that's already opened yeah someone's
someone was in here someone was
definitely in here but they're gone
salmon approaching wait
or was that well what the car stopping
car stopping didn't you hear that no yep
sounds here
fuck
well someone knows I'm in here close the
door close the fucking door just get in
that corner well they get you shot gun
out and shoot you do it through it with
over here if I'm here they I'm covered
for most of it still Nizam still in the
zone
today in theory throw a grenade in the
window yes yes they can't do they get to
see a throw urk no no they don't I
suppose the last two people can die to
grenade
who died at the same time yeah he knows
you're in there he's probably waiting
for you to exit this is true of course
so this is you know this is supposed to
be the tense moment and it is it's like
you know this is this is classic most
dangerous game cat-and-mouse
remember that dim level where he just
sat outside the door
yep for 20 minutes oh look he threw the
smoke oh he's coming from that way okay
at least we know that so he threw a
smoke grenade don't you look at this
smoke and see if anyone comes out I
don't know I have the advantage right
here I have the advantage you can only
get me from this range right yeah yeah
it's not it's I'm not saying this is
exciting but this is uh I would hope you
didn't this is you know what this is
rich this is tense
come on
and you just went upstairs
fuck
I gotta say anything no don't say
anything
tears footsteps up there yeah
maybe think maybe he thinks that you
driving away get under the stairs nice I
gotta check out my shit now you know
control the environment and here we go
whoa oh this is a nice gun Oh rich oh
that's what he was doing he's trying to
snipe the car Oh Rach we got a snow
fucking I'm but I'm outside of the now
wasn't that a great moment wrench oh
yeah I was fun I only took about two
hours that's it that's part of the tents
man yeah now we gotta know I got a roll
now we got a roll
it's been too long fucking around with
that guy now we got him we got a rock
and roll and I got a bandage job all
right I ever spend 36 cents rich have
you ever played divinity original sin
RPG mixed with turn-based tank
turn-based combat
XCOM oh my god it's a great game the
sequel is coming out a few months keep
up the good streams I have not played it
I've not even really heard of it
honestly um pre ranking my ass says I
almost got in the wreck when I heard
rich heaven say my name
fuck it would have been worth it thanks
guys for all the free entertainment over
the years and thanks Gabe for making my
night as game
thank you for almost getting Steve
Miller into a horrible car accident that
would have ended his life tragically
this role attacks on stairs says after
that excitement Jack is not going to die
yep hey but you know what we got we got
what three kills made it to 28th and I
and I made it the 20th and I felt like I
did something you know Phil you do you
like you did something that's nice
that's you know cuz a lot of times you
will you'll make it to that far without
seeing anybody like well I guess I just
made it yeah but I got well I didn't get
cocky I needed to make it to the white
zone and I stole bandages from that guy
and the blue line was coming and I could
have stopped and used a med kit because
I was very low hell yeah I could have
stopped and used a med kit and I
probably should have but I thought okay
I'll make it past the white line first
then I'll use a med kit flap flap flap
flap ow
oh well that's all right all right this
er will attack son stare says rich why
did Mike get on your case about not
picking Golden Road on the last best of
the worst
and was it as awkward in real life as it
was watching it
golden road the senior driving video I
don't remember anything being that
awkward on the set I don't even remember
what he said in reference to my picking
that movie which one did you pick I
think I'd pick Golan Road okay yeah
because laughing at old people's funny
hmm
you know he was just gonna try yeah yeah
bottom six six seven I didn't hear
myself because the blue line was coming
which would have hurt me more I could
have dropped and healed myself but I
thought I would make it across the white
line but of course there were people
there so I probably should have I wasn't
because I was high off of my victory I
wasn't really paying attention to how
few people were left which you know
usually means how much closer they're
getting to each other and if I would
have been I would heal myself I wasn't
paying attention when willjack to a
three or four player group was chant I
mean you guys won't do that
I the for the problem of that is like
it'll be hard for me to talk to you guys
because you know the microphones are
hooked up but yeah I was high yeah but I
was too high too high do it do it
I have not back star citizen might pick
it up once it's done if it's ever done
there are those games that you just know
after I like this is gonna be in alpha
four right this is gonna be an early
access forever and I think I think there
needs to be four stores like Steam like
I understand that early access is
something that can give a developer the
money that they need to finish the
project but I think there needs to be
some sort of timetable that your early
access status gets
in a way if it's you know like Daisy is
still in early access right and that's
and that's never ever getting finished
mm-hmm so I think like you that you have
to set up a time table or said we're
gonna get out of early access in eight
months and if you don't do that you
either need to file for an extension and
prove that you're still working on the
game or you get removed from early
access and status so everybody's leaving
now I try leaving a little bit later
maybe a head maybe head towards the top
of that mountain
that's gonna be my plan and nothing
where's the mountain there it is
see so now I actually don't want to dive
because I'm trying to make distance why
don't you just let the plane go over
where you want it to go straight down
like you're right over those houses you
could have gone straight down right
there but I want to go to the mountain
all right
well this is why you're not landing
earlier then no no but yeah yeah right
now but the plane was as close to the
mountain as it could be see but that
person got there way before me he's
going up the mountain no he's going at
that place well you're just fucked
you're you're kind of fucked kind of
fucked and you're not even gonna lend
your the house you wanted to land on
gosh darn it rich and they probably a
gun already so I can't use my mad
punching strats so I got a I gotta try
to beat it like while they're looting I
gotta try to climb the mountain without
them seeing me all right none of us says
that's my new plane you guys heard of
streets of rose Rouge or our ROG Yui Yui
is Rome yeah yeah this is streets of
Rome okay I think that I've heard of it
I think you could have some fun playing
that together it's a game oh all right
great not not especially familiar with
I've heard the name that's about as far
as I get
anonymous says to clarify streets of
rogue is an early access but only since
March 2017 I don't I don't have a early
access bias if it's playable and fun I
don't give a shit yeah and you know like
we're to the point now you know I used
to try to stay away from early access
games but like I said we're at a point
now where it's just it doesn't matter
early access means it's released okay we
got a jeep up here oh we got some shit
up here I got a Jeep
hopefully we'll get some guns that other
fuckers gonna be coming up here and no
it
okey-dokey
so light on your feet like a gazelle I
want you damn it choose another gun you
have to reload here accidentally
discover that it's stupid and it's
stupid face totally stupid face oh nice
I'm in the zone too rich whoever landed
right in the middle of the red zone they
just feel so stupid right now that gun
looks good health pack whatever it is I
just picked up that it didn't mean to
cuz I wanted to pick up that health pack
no bullets could use some bullets they
gotta be that way they usually spawn
nearby don't thing right
apparently not look around Jack I'm
looking well grenade
we could use some bullets for that nice
gun I just got oh maybe they're over
here these it no those are 12-gauge
bullets that too oh thanks oh yeah those
are 12-gauge bullets unless this takes
wait is this an automatic shotgun yes it
is awesome
awesome
are you are you where are you
you have a car you have a Jeep you can
drive over the drop dropped it already I
think can you see it this guy no you
know what we're in a pretty good
position right now I have the Jeep for
when when going when the going gets
tough but I'm actually really like in
our position right now there's not a lot
of people over here because I had to fly
so far away feeling pretty good about
this or if it picks that shotgun off of
Jack's body is going to be stoked yep
that's fine
once your guy's opinion on pub G making
you pay for cosmetics with only money
and with RNG chances of duplicates while
still an early access I I heard about
that and apparently the big controversy
because you know like that's a lot of
games you know pay for cosmetic
differences apparently though the
developers did say they weren't going to
do that until they were out of early
access but this you know you need to be
prepared that this is just a game that
will forever be in early access all
right so good effective range yeah well
thank you taking range over power range
over power distance rich it's all about
distance right all right that's what you
got the close-up weapon so exactly so
right now I'm choosing distance which if
I'm paying money for something I don't
want it to be a random drop that could
be a duplicate that's complete horseshit
if I'm paying money for something you
know that's how a lot of games work it
that's how a lot of games work it and
you know for me as long as it doesn't
drastically change the gameplay or as
long as it doesn't change the gameplay
like if you if there
a pay2win elements like you can pay to
have the good I have you know if you can
pay to have the good gun then fuck that
the AKM is possibly the worst a are good
then I don't have it I have the m16a4
and that the opposite of real life I
think it's just a reliable gun the ak-47
I think that's why everybody uses it
just because it's very reliable gun what
the fuck I don't know but I'm running I
was looking at my map did somebody throw
a grenade up but you may I believe
someone threw a grenade up at me Oh give
that Jamie to drive the fuck away
because I'm in the zone I don't need to
I want to stay by that Jeep because I
think someone else is a target alright
alright
the vehicle is a target on your back
the fuck was that
you could drop the a K in mud and it'll
keep working which in an actual combat
zone it's probably something to consider
absolutely
like the a K and the Glock the
nine-millimeter Glock is another one
that like for fun people like like throw
it in buckets of salt to try to rust it
and then and then you know like a quick
clean and it's still firing perfectly
the a K the the Glock I look like the
Glock hand 9-millimeter handgun Glock I
might just hang out here and see who
tries to steal that that truck cuz I got
a pretty good vibe all right I know this
isn't very exciting for anybody I'd love
a little more back protection but I
won't you know what I wonder I wonder
you know that present dropped that the
airplane did yeah I wonder if it blows
up if nobody gets it that seems weird
where else did that explosion comfort I
don't fucking know what do you want from
me
what do you want from me I'm just I'm
just postulating I'm just I'm thinking
out loud man
epic Jason X 9000 says Jack I pick Jason
in a previous stream you mentioned about
wanting to see a Metroid film
yeah well a DI Schenker Netflix
Castlevania recently expressed interest
in making a dark and gritty Metroid
anime series I don't necessarily want
that I don't know why not that huh
why not that doesn't have to be dark and
gritty does it have to be an anime
series this does Metra is metroid
typically light and cheerful whoa dark
and gritty seems to fit like the
property I guess I've always thought of
it more as an adventure yeah but you
know it's a creature that sucks the life
or life force out of you until you die
oh you know I guess like that's a it's a
route you could go
so there's probably okay so because like
I'm looking at this part of the map
right probably not too many people went
up there from the airplane and so really
I'm concerned about covering this area
where when it's time to shrink the map
you got that car got that car and it's
I'm shrink that map and there we go well
and you know I have the high ground
which I really enjoy
well you don't anymore suck it the games
decided the circles closing nothing
there was anybody up here anyway right
well oh no but even now like when I go
down I got the high ground
shit shit somebody else had your idea
Jack okay just take the car and run them
over good alright I've run behind these
racks
but no it's really easy to get shot in
the car that's why you just wait for him
to take the car shoot him
good because I don't want to die
you healing items
yeah
I think you're gonna have to wait it out
the blue area for a bit that's fine
I can be patient
I can be patient I'm much closer never
use med kit unless super low on health
oh wow too late motherfucker does it
really matter at this point someone's
gonna kill me probably proud too now I'm
just gonna scoot away then you can come
Chase me
grenade the car out of spite oh you know
what that was a good idea it's not too
late huh it's not too late yeah moving
on that fucker can fuck himself
I'm moving on rich we're gonna go to
this little area down here see if
there's anybody play down here
oh oh wait I was in the zone you know
you just entered it but I was I wasn't
wait up top now you weren't down the
hill yeah somebody's posting links to
mud test between the a K and an ar-15
which I can't click on right now we're
in the middle of a stream but mud test
meat that kind of stuffs fun just when
something is engineered and built so
well that it can be muddy and rusty and
then you just give it a quick dust off
and it still works I love that what's
that piece of clothes got a bike know
where that thing next to that farm is it
just a tractor piece of junk
probably someone over here right spoiler
alert the a K failed oh well the ar-15
that's the new that's the new fan
favorite yeah in the gun community the
ar-15 have they gotten a better grasp at
the game that's still boring oh no it
still suck you know me ii had games it's
still frustrating and unsatisfying i'm
sorry
that's that's okay right yeah I'm rich
you do not have to like it
I don't you and you don't have to no one
is going to force you to like this game
you can just you can just chill out man
that's one that's what I'm doing that's
right you know what or not like I
haven't been to play I haven't got I
haven't been here past couple days I
have in place I'm just gonna we're just
gonna play plenty of plenty of down time
to talk which is a perfect so it's a
perfect streaming game plenty of
downtime to talk I am sure someone has
holed up over here or over here like
Friday the 13th without the fun bits
well you know but Friday the 13th I
think has no downtime so you know you
can't have any conversation this has
plenty of downtime I'm sure someone is
in this area right here and now I bet
that guy's trying to jump down here the
guy who was up there fighting me so
he'll probably be jumping down any
moment and hopefully I can catch him
off-guard then we'll see where the next
circle drops he's just gonna get in that
car and drive wider it's possible I dare
say it's likely Jack it's likely daresay
only one Gately says have either of you
seen a shitty movie called mister hush
mister hush it's best of the worst
material the antagonist is played by a
guy who's only ever done stunt work and
boy does it show Steve knows we have not
seen it mister hush
can you put on that cap I could their
teacher time-turner backwards yeah I
don't believe I can turn it backwards
now all that's bullshit fuck we've been
down this road before jumping down
mountains jumping down mountains rich
first mister hush any kind of avoid
watching things we might watch him best
of the worst unless we're actually
filming the best of the worst that's
that's the rough part we cuz we've been
burnt right like there have been times
where we have decided to watch a bad
movie just as a group and not film it
and it's turned out to be the greatest
fucking bad movie of all fucking time
one of them led to an upcoming spotlight
episode yep
we've regretted not filming our
reactions to that one that wasn't that
up coming up coming that was the thing
you know we jet we we we watched it
because we're a group of friends who get
together to watch bad movies and I
regret that so much I just thought it
would be fun
fucking help where are you must be
partners no not this one not this one
I'm talking about Oh guys maybe right
right right
is there somebody walking down there by
the tower I may have just seen a pixel
move well it's it's we're getting close
like we got to be real careful now
we got somebody's doing something and
I'm way out in the open but I'm I'm
gonna hunker down by those rocks that's
my plan here and survey the area cuz I'm
fuckin close enough we're down to the
last 30 oh yes I see him I see him I was
not wrong then he's right like right in
front of me he's gettin around what's
your range like on that should we find
out
some hit me though what's that fucker
from up there I bet nope nobody who's on
that side of the rocker nope you should
do reaction reenactments with rich and
Mike Oh that'd be really funny like if
we liked it reaction reenactment hmm
then here's the thing that would work
exactly once like we could do that as a
joke yeah yeah the bud but there's no no
it's not the same yeah I'm sorry I'm
sorry
there's no recreating wait wait until
you guys see this I'm a little upset
that I was not invited to be part of
that discussion for that particular
movie but hey I'm just excited I'm super
excited for people to know about it I
can't even tell you we can't even give
you a hint are you not notified huh I
was not notified very good
I was not notified about that I saw I'm
a little upset about that I have already
voiced my grievance and they know that I
have to be there for partners I've
already told them that I will not accept
not being there for that movie but and
here's the thing you you guys can guess
what bad movie all day long and you will
never fucking find it no one has heard
it yeah yeah nobody has heard of this
movie nobody has heard of this movie and
I can't wait for you to for you two guys
to find it I can't wait it's gonna great
it's gonna be great
now you're the feeling they're gonna
edit and put the one we just shot up
first I mean there's so many that have
been shot now there's there's a back
catalogue not really the best the worst
right because you guys do this too is
there only two yeah little one went up
the new wheel that was the only other
event and then the one we're talking
about the one we filmed the other day Oh
mmm
I think there's a review in the back
pocket
we still have weed that we did yeah I
don't I think they might have forgotten
about that Janos I turned him out oh
yeah yeah got around to it well yeah
other stuff to do yeah other stuff to do
alright one more match one more match
there's another one that you weren't a
part of that I was a part of how things
never to see the light of day oh yeah
yeah a best of the world no review I
think it's never gonna see the light of
day really I think it's probably just
too boring
all right um where we at here Johnny
gadfly says hi rich I picked up fight at
the 13th on my very first time as Jason
killed six of seven nice I have no doubt
that my success was due to your Mad
Jason's strats here's some cash by way
of a thank you thank you thank you very
much you're welcome
babies kids I remember that movie I
can't tell you what I remember about it
but I remember it so this is it I'm
diving as straight down as I can I'm
looking down I'm pressing forward I'm
diving as fast as humanly fucking
possible and I hit the exit plane as
soon as I could
if there's anyone before me then there's
nothing more I can do get in this house
though we're gonna float over to the
house huh somebody up ahead of you I saw
that well no they're over by the UH
they're not that far away they might
head towards the farmhouse find a weapon
and ready your ass well of course that's
just what you do rich fuck no gun oh my
god your first house was just as awful
as a dud I think they're over by the
power plant though there's somewhere in
between
Jesus effing Christ Ridge there we go
there we go for a second I was thinking
maybe the game like aired and it didn't
load any guns
you have an entire match from nobody had
weapons that would be hilarious
brick niggers is Jack how about a dream
daddy a dad dating simulator next as an
experienced dad you might be able to get
more action than pub then in pub I am
just dying out here waiting for
something to happen I mean that's the
game man that's not even dad that's not
an excuse that's a description a dream
dad date simulator I don't know what
that is I don't know what that is
so maybe ok anonymous says the McConnel
turtle wants you to die ok
Trixie and 120 says Jack and rich
thoughts and Bill and Ted one and two
and thoughts on Bill and Ted three can I
was saying the script is complete now
also please consider playing hotline
miami one or two again thanks Bill and
Ted wanted to our great yeah I need to
hear more about a potential third one
could be fun
I don't know much I don't know much and
that may be hot hot need to know Bill
and Ted too is better yeah I said it you
might be right soup you know what I do
Chris 34 I think they both have their
merits and I think a similar might be
better though yeah I'm not disagreeing
I'm just saying they both got their they
both got their own thing going
already you barely just landed it's
already doing this shit well I have
three and a half minutes but I am NOT
near is that a person standing out in
that field right it looks like it but
it's probably a tree they're not moving
yeah I probably check on the river Tory
I think I'm kidding
I do well no I don't think you're
kidding but I do think that's just a
tree okay here's a car
you're gonna hit shot huh maybe you're
not gonna get shot I'm just gonna check
this house that front door open no the
other door
yeah the other front door no this house
doesn't seem to be looted already well
maybe now who's shotgun choke what I
can't put that on my Ottawa shotgun fuck
I'm sorry fuck man I'm sorry should be
should be you know why it's your fault
how do you have a level-two backpack
I said please consider hotline Miami
again you're a huge fan of hotline Miami
right oh yeah I played the fuck out of
hotline Miami one and then we played
hotline Miami - and I wasn't necessarily
feeling it but you know I really like
that lime I am I won I we are gonna take
this car and we are gonna move there's
one huh the street the one street far
right down the street somebody just ran
over yeah oh I see them
came close came close came close I can't
cross that thing could not turn well at
high speeds okay you need to reload I
know I just didn't know fast enough what
happened
he moved ie ie moves and I wasn't
prepared for him to move and so I missed
and I miss the whole three seconds of
gameplay yep hahahahaha exciting three
seconds of gameplay I said you should
have kept driving when she missed him
the first time oh maybe now that would
have been smart but he could have still
shot me in the car I thought it might be
smarter to try to hit him but then it
wasn't turning and and by the way if you
jump out and you're going really fast it
hurts you if you jump out of the car and
yeah I was moving really fast it hurts
you oh my God why do you slow down a
little bit and I know he hit me but I
had the shotgun so then I wanted to get
close
Jack seems to be content playing this I
like this you know I like that uh you
know I'll give it one more game well
we'll figure out what something else to
play you do you you want to keep playing
this how I'm sure I do not give a shit
jack
you're having fun that's fine you know
what you first thank you playing that's
fine so what else what else are we going
to do I mean it's also been a while
since I've played Friday the 13th that
could be fun
or we could try the Mega Man Thing even
though you know I'm not the biggest Mega
Man fan like I enjoy Mega Man III
wouldn't want to do Friday the 13th um
unless we had two computers again oh
sure don't be the kill so now I'm not
diving as fast as I can because I want
to make it to that building over there
because I know that up on the roofs of
those buildings are stuff usually and so
I'm going to try to make it over there
so now I'm not diving as fast as I can
because it's important that I make it to
those roofs
you know like there's some good shit up
there and some decent vantage points so
oh this could be perfect angle it Adam
and Calgary a says hi guys first time
twitcher been following our limb since
Mike's Fenton medicine video Purex
pretty sweet too here's to Yankee
American dollars to talk about Canada
well I think of a question ken is fine
we like we like them Canadians Canada is
a nice place to flee to if things ever
get too bad over here if I had a gun yes
I know but you don't do you nope so I'm
just gonna let him pick up the stuff and
leave
but I have a sly have a slight advantage
because I know he's there and he doesn't
know I'm here so I have a slight
advantage for the eyes they fed him
Dorsch
huh he'll come out the bottom right
gas masks Thanks
Oh a 4-time scope for my rifle that's
pretty nice he's in here somewhere you
know he still on her
well he's cuz usually you loot she'd
have waited on the roof and got him lady
was running out the building but there's
no guaranteeing which way he would run
out I know probably towards the center
of the circle right you'd assume there's
no way I'm being proactive I'm being a
proactive murderer okay thank God okay
I'm attempting to be a proactive
murderer I'm fairly certain yonder
yonder says speaking of hotline Miami -
did you guys notice the hotline my
hotline Miami 2 soundtrack song in the
face of evil by magic sword in the
trailer if you want to play it the song
starts at the 24 second mark I did not
notice any particular song which the
hotline Miami 2 trailer
I enjoyed the soundtrack to both the
hotline Miami is really good what are
you called synth wave oh shit oh god
damn it that's the one problem that's
the one problem of the zoom in thing I
just wanted to have soo-min and I got
damn it and then I went to full zoom in
and I had that nice four time Zune which
would have really helped me out if I was
far away from someone as it turns out if
you're really close to some of the four
times room doesn't do that good and so I
I just wanted to you know focus my
gunshot and I hit the thing and fucked
me if fucked me you see that and did you
see me go full scope mmm now we got to
do one more never go full zoom exactly
minor stasis all the times to zoom that
was the time you least wanted to zoom I
know that you want that zoom would have
been great
if you're like waiting for him on the
roof as he ran out the bottom no but
remember do you remember that guy who
was just waiting on the roof and I hit
him with the crossbow because here's his
way that's true that's true so you can't
do that either
yeah oh that was terrible that was
terrible
my twitch app fucked up so I missed it
well what happened was a guy came out of
a door and didn't see me so I was
sneaking up on him and he was checking
his rear and I could have I could have
gotten some quick shots on him but I
clicked instead of clicking the half
zoom I clicked the full zoom and I just
put on the 4x zoom scope so I was just
looking at a wall and I died and
everything everybody in there it's all
terrible everything's terrible and I'm
bad at the game it's ok see but in
cephalo pathetic says i have to thank
you for streaming this game to confirm
to me that I never ever want to play it
so you know like that's part of our job
here anonymous says please please play
mega maker okay none of a sense rich
well Jack plays can you tell us a story
where is the rayman 3 player stream with
karen we never played rayman with karen
no it's starting to feel like my opinion
don't carry so much weight with you guys
you guys are the best oh but what kind
of story do you want to hear there once
was three bears and a horrible horrible
spoiled white girl raided their house
and ate their porridge and broke their
chair and yeah all kinds of horrible
things that's the way the world works
and get away with anything if you're
rich it's a great story rich
it's a great story moral of the story is
how the fuck's a bear on a house right
never actually been over here before
dive into the water jack make it easy on
yourself Oh like kill myself I get it
oh nice oh no wait there's a little
fence here no right at the front door
pretty reckon my ass is rich have you
ever played the old Star Trek bridge
commander it's a Star Trek simulator on
the PC that is considered one of the
best Trek games out there I enjoy it
especially the maximum warp edition I've
not played it
jack is fully absorbed into this game I
am it gets me it gets me man I'm into it
every once in a while man I'll tell you
what I am into it I gave it I gave it or
not a shot I did yeah no and I get it
it's not for everybody it's not for it
you have to be able to your your
bullshit tolerance level has to be
maximum it's very low for me all right
and that's what I'm saying we're it's
like if your bullshit tolerance level is
not set to maximum you're gonna have a
bad time because there is and everyone
who plays this game knows there's a
tremendous amount of bullshit that goes
along with this game but I think the
good outweighs it he plays with two
mouths I have a little nunchuck here
that's my WASD it's not to Mouse it's
it's just a nunchuck it's it's a it's
basically half of a controller that I'm
playing with and like my run jump map
inventory are all mapped to rich can
tolerate Friday the 13th but not this
yep because they're the exact same game
right right see in Friday the 13th you
have a plan you act out the plan you you
have tense moments and this you wander
around for a few minutes then you get
shot in the back and die in one or two
hits they're nothing alike
no they're nothing like SCO's although
haven't planned to what you never did
maybe the plan is to run from with a
blue line because you can't activate a
plan unless you were lucky enough to
spawn in the circle area fuck off this
game shit this game is garbage cheap
garbage why respectfully disagree jacket
through the bonebridge just about
learning some part for you can't make a
plan
take that atheist to dead rich I just
saw like I'm moving in a corner I was
like what are you doing
what do you pantomiming over there cuz I
am into it I am sorry that I think
Friday the 13th is way more fun and you
disagree with me I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry that when I play Friday the 13th I
think oh that was a fun chase weather I
got out or not and then when I play this
III think oh that was bullshit
that's Ferris you can you can think
whatever you want to think
notice how we didn't actually refute my
what is there to refute I don't enjoy
this
that's my refusal that's my refute oh
yes that's a word that's my refusal
that's a super word man and I was for a
bottle what were futile sounds futile
was great no we're feat all was great I
head over to that house over there I'm
gonna swim there
I don't enjoy being shot in the back
yeah I don't enjoy being sniped as I'm
trying to cross a few I don't enjoy that
that's fair rich that's totally fair
yeah yeah no like it should be anyone
who enjoys playing this game and I enjoy
playing this game
anyone who pardon me I was that was a
burp that never happened
anyone who enjoys playing this game
should completely understand why anyone
wouldn't there are many bullshit moments
to this game but I think the good
outweighs the bad I don't know how much
mileage I'm gonna get out of it I'll
tell you that but hey that's right daddy
slick dick says just stop having
opinions rich god it's not like they
watch this show to hear your opinions is
that a boat can I Drive a boat because I
want to drive a boat now I think I can
drive a boat rich and I think I'm gonna
go drive that boat right there
he can have his opinions but saying
there is no plan or strategies sadly
when did I say that
specifically you said that to make fun
of someone but yeah you didn't you
didn't assert that well you you I've
helped you come up with plans and
strategies during this that doesn't
change the fact that I don't enjoy it
you insinuated yeah well you never said
that you there were no plans and
strategy you said what you and Jill you
said do you enjoyed Friday 13th and
didn't enjoy this and then you said
because in Friday the 13th okay so you
ain't got sin you waited that there were
no plan making in this is I'm sure oh it
seems like this your plans always come
to naught though you always end up shot
in the back after somebody gets the drop
on you yeah at some point or sniper
running to the zone there's little brief
moments of strategizing yeah like that
in the building where I said hide under
the stairs he's gonna come out yeah
they're shut like that but it's it's so
far and few in between the the bullshit
yeah the pure bullshit and you don't
care you've got a boat I got a boat I've
never driven a boat before this is great
and I can agree in season like to me a
lot of that is a positive because this
game you know like you come up with a
plan like okay my even even a simple
plan like I'm gonna go to that rock you
know and it's constantly interrupted by
other shit happening and so I what I
like about the game is that it keeps you
on your toes and that also can lead to a
lot of bullshit moments but hey such is
life I don't enjoy quick death you're
done sure oh yeah I don't enjoy that I'm
sorry and what do you want I want you to
enjoy the things you like rich that's
all I want and more and also I want you
to tell me when you think a game is
bullshit because it leads to interesting
conversations you're dead oh I hate that
I'm sorry that's fine and I get it no
need to apologize I'm just like is it
wrong that I just I'm gonna
on this boat and hope that no one
bothers me let's check out the mad
strats that this game has to offer if I
just stay here as long as I'm within the
line like will anyone even notice I'm on
the boat if you want to do that and just
have a conversation for a bit right this
is my new strategy I'm just gonna hang
on the boat and hope no one sees me just
because like the circles probably gonna
stay within the water for a while I'll
just look around see if anyone's
swimming to us I can't shoot anyone
while I'm on the boat can rich see no
appeal to this game if I saw no appeal
of this I wouldn't have given it a
second shot yeah you just you just think
that the bad outweighs any good that
there would be in it yeah yeah right no
and that's fair that's fair ones in a
car over there doo-doo-doo ma-na-ma-na
doo-doo doo-doo doo-doo hanging out in a
boat we're just giving it a shot by
watching someone else play it this is
the third time this game has been
streamed I've played this two streams
you played it on the first time we
played so little owed a bit yeah and now
I'm just playing today cuz you know I
felt like planet I have it I haven't had
my computer with me on my road trip
obviously why would you take a big
desktop computer with you on a road trip
yeah I haven't gotten much chance to
play so I wanted to play they're saying
dude you're going to get headshot now
jack is taking a calculated risk that
people just won't even notice the boat
if I was moving like if a lot of people
saw me take the boat right then maybe
and you know what they might like they
might just look at the boat but I'm
pretty far away from land and I'm gonna
say that other people are gonna be more
concerned with other stuff and I have a
helmet on
so and this this is what what is called
a test this is I'm testing out I'm
testing out what happens if you just
hang out in the water you know you know
what I'm this is this is a what do you
cut what he call when you do something
that's kind of that's cheap what do you
call that cheese
I'm cheese in it a little bit exploit
I'm cheese in it like look look I'm
still in the center of the map all right
all right this is cheese like and I'm
testing out it's cheese tolerance level
obviously like the way the map shrinks
is all randomly you're gonna be just
fucked if it doesn't shrink anywhere
near a boat when it's small if they're
gonna see you anyway right there's no
way this is a winning strategy no but is
it a strategy to kill some time while
other people get killed
and I have some decent guns and look
like I'm kind of right in the center
here if if the strategy you would want
to enact in this game is to just sit and
let everyone else kill each other yeah
maybe it should be a smaller map and
fewer players hmm in the first place
that's why I want to do this test that's
what I want to do this cheese test
because if this amount of cheese is
possible that's that might be some bad
gameplay design
but I'm a testing
doo-doo-doo and you know like obviously
like a bomb area could pop up in here at
any moment it's over there right now
she's in it up I say go a little bit
forward if you want to be further from
land are you are you just fine where you
are now I mean no I don't want to run
the engine right now okay because as
soon as you run the engine someone's
gonna notice I'm driving it and that's
when they're gonna start shooting him
okay
and so my full cheese strategy is just
to hang out here and hope no one notices
the boat oh oh em gee this might work I
know what do you think about your
precious game if a strategy like this
works and obviously like the the way the
the map shrinks is randomized so like
this probably doesn't come up too often
that's like a person running or
something over there number-one rule on
multiplayer is never stands still yep
that's true yet Here I am
kind of winning unless you're camping
huh unless you're camping could this be
considered a camp no is URI can't you
can't shoot a people from the boat can
you no no no I cannot use my gun No so
this is not a campus no what would you
call this jeez I'm just waiting killing
time right douching which is by the way
this in a situation like this if the map
never shrunk like if this were real life
this would be my strategies just try to
try to hide it out I'm saying is it
possible to go prone in the boat nope
and I can't crouch in the boat either
and camera just saying you can shoot
from a boat not with my shotgun as I'm
trying to okay and let's say I have to
like maybe oh maybe I can shoot if I'm
not in the driver seat
how do I change seats maybe you can't
they said all there's a way to do it but
I don't have it bound to anything
because I've never like been driving or
anything but you know what look the maps
shrinking and I'm stealing here's the
thing though I like this game it's got
some issues this might be one of my hair
the own is the only winning move is not
to play okay AB 78 says Jack yeah
now the Close Encounters of the Third
Kind is being released in 4k I saw that
that looked great in theaters everywhere
I'm super gonna go see that I love Close
Encounters and he plans taking the
family oh it's kind of boring I love it
kind of boring
maybe Kevin likes that but she might
want to see it it's probably gonna be
better than ready player one Oh what
happened to Spielberg he got old mme cuz
a lot of Spielberg is just capturing
like the wonderment of childhood and now
he's an old fucking man does he lost the
ability to see the small little moments
the heartwarming moments that made
Spielberg Spielberg and yeah I think he
absolutely has he's an old millionaire
he no longer has those like families
small family roots why I have a moment
when a man is sculpting mashed potatoes
when you can just shove the Iron Giant
the DeLorean the Jurassic Park to Freddy
Krueger on the screen exactly
do-do-do-do-do-do Jax's childhood
moments I just say little personal
moments in the midst of a larger epic
story and I guess like I was thinking et
you got like et is full of small just
bring up Schindler's List which small
person
it's or even even Close Encounters it's
just a look by the way still on the map
now it's getting to the point where I
will eventually like in two minutes I
will have to do something unless it's
utters again near you
someone's gonna notice me right swims
out time to get to the boat
can you run them over in the water
absolutely with the boat I hope so
because I plan on it
I shoot because I should be able to see
them swimming but also there's only 26
of them left mad boat strats right here
mad boat strats dairy farmer you say
that exactly when I say too mad boat
strats like someone's gotta notice me
but no I mean not really because you
know what when I play I disregard the
water the water is an obstacle it's not
you know yeah so I'm sure that's what
most other people do too is just you
know who cares about the water 26 alive
oh no I was gonna go back to Spielberg
oh yeah I'm gonna finish that thought
then well you know just eventually an
artist grows so much right like you know
I'm sure Spielberg like didn't grow up a
billionaire right he grew up in small
suburban neighborhoods and wanted to
tell those stories but now you're asking
an artist to tell the same stories even
though his life has changed and he's
pretty still a fantastic director but we
just can't expect the same from him you
know and he's gonna start making garbage
I hear the warhorse is pretty good
though you see no it's a movie about a
horse that goes to war it's supposed to
be pretty it's supposed to be Spielberg
it sounds like a movie about a Kentucky
Derby winner Warhol
well I say well I say turbo Jesus 5000
says yep hi guys their house junk looks
pretty good you guys were in charge of
making an if you guys were in charge of
making a new Indiana Jones game what
kind of game would it be and what
features would it have a new Indiana
Jones game uh you know I don't know how
well Indiana Jones would even translate
into a game but I would probably make it
like a point-and-click like a puzzle
solving game I've done that I know
they've done them if if they said you
can make any style you want I would try
to make it a like a figure something out
game you know I think that makes most
sense to the Indiana Jones Canon I think
most people think of Indiana Jones is an
action thing but you know it's also
about a dude who figure stuff out how
old you translate something like the the
fucking convoy chase and Raiders of the
Lost Ark into gameplay right he's climb
it under a car how do you translate that
to gameplay you don't is that is it
would be my thing is is you turn you you
make the game all about puzzles and
figuring stuff out and you got a you got
to find this book and read it and you
know read the thing in this book to
figure out the next thing that's what I
would do the action stuff is fun because
it's yeah it's adventure not action he
doesn't run around and just shoot people
really right right
uncharted uncharted is barely a game so
no I wouldn't make that it would be
boring at that point you just make
another Indiana Jones movie right all
right now I have two minutes and his
blue stuff is gonna is gonna suck in on
you but I can get to this little area of
the map you kind of have to at this
point don't you
that's um also a boat yep you have a
friend or the boat get pushed by the
wall
oh maybe well shit I got a fight now do
you or can I just hang out here pull it
up on shore like you you drove the boat
in Shore and then just got out and ran
away oh my god were you drunk yeah
shooting at me
I won't drown right here was someone
shit
oh oh okay there's some people
so there's probably someone right over
there right probably by the barn I just
make it way up to the hill and I know
what you don't have anything for range
do you just got a shotgun just got a
shotgun no you know what my man strats
by the way has made it to the final 16
yeah so you know it's pretty good how
much does a rink like what's the minimum
oh I'm just gonna get down to it right
now I'll tell you what but I'm just
gonna hang on this water
you've got your strap well I wanna may
as well play it out what I'm going for
here for anyone curious I'm going for
maximum cheese final final 14 that was
great so yeah that's what I was kind of
going for is I just wanted to see how
far I could take the cheese and I think
that's like the best I've ever done in
the game is just hanging out on the boat
strategy it's an intense it's like a
it's like a chess match were you you
have to use all of your wits tactics and
you could sit in the boat for 15 minutes
I mean either way whatever you just get
shot in the head and died that was some
mad G strats
you're welcome everybody you're welcome
oh that's great
that's great what's our up time looking
like how long have blame this mad mad
stress bilwa heck is's speaking of ready
player one yeah the choices to include
all the pop-culture shit is
Spielberg that's in the book by Ernest
Cline right that's true that's what we
know that Pro is the literature
equivalent of rogue one Oh ready our PO
not not pro ready player any I want you
is the literature equivalent of rogue
one I know what that is yeah but then
again Spielberg did choose to direct
this a man could probably direct
whatever the fuck he wants
oh sure and and it's like I'm sure
technically speaking it is going to be a
competent movie mm-hmm but at the same
time it's also going to be a movie that
shoves in as many pop-culture references
it can and whether or not they're trying
to say something about pop-culture
references like maybe that's the point
maybe the point of the book is that
pop-culture references are bad and so
we're gonna shove all of them in so you
hate them and that's gonna be the maybe
that's the point
yeah maybe or maybe it just sucks and
the pop-culture references are just pop
cultural references we don't know don't
take that Jack you were streamed sniped
one of the players in this game knew
they were playing with you and that you
were streaming Aaron I don't know
Aaron is that likely know that like the
area was small enough and and if the
other boat that was there there was a
box floating by that so they were just
watching for both Shores and they
finally saw me I've actually never just
hung out and let a match line down so
I'm gonna do that there's only nine
players left
can you watch other complain I don't
think you can just spectating I wonder
that's awful
all right that'd be nice but I guess
that's what streaming is for unless I
mean there might be a button aspecting I
don't know the book is pandering garbage
that from the very little I've read of
it quickly yes it looks like it's
pandering garbage but like have you ever
read American Psycho no American Psycho
is is kind of a hard read because you
know our protagonist is hyper in tuned
to all of the tiny products
around his life and the products are
what he draws value from okay and so
like an entire three paragraphs are
dedicated to how he shaves his face and
he talks about the razor and he talks
about his aftershave and he talks about
the care that he puts but it's all very
methodical because that's how obsessed
he is with the things around him and his
personal appearance yeah and so like
it's it's a lot of product placement and
it's a lot of talking about things but
it's it's very purposeful and so having
not read ready player one I will give it
the benefit of the doubt and say it's
possible that all of the pop-culture
references are meant to say something
about how we deal with pop culture yeah
I'm not saying it is I'm just saying you
know like I've only read snippets of it
right I wouldn't call it a great book
but it's an it's entertaining and that's
the they I guess that's all I'm saying
is is it's possible that it serves a
greater purpose than just pop culture
references everyone's saying nope nope
Jack nope Ernest Cline isn't that clever
all I know is like on Twitter people
have been posting like just a page here
and a page there and I've read those
yeah I seem fucking awful and tedious
but I'm not gonna judge an entire book
based on a cup of baby yeah so I guess
that's something no he's not I see
everybody in chat it's saying no no we
love in a post Family Guy world we we
know we know that references can
constitute product yep no I said a
reference that's the joke I said a
reference that's what I did that's
content mm-hmm
let me talk about this we're not even
talk about it let me just say Star Wars
another kool-aid man oh he burst through
the wall five live rich five alive I
just don't know what I like do I just
get kicked back to the lobby or you know
like what happens when it's over I don't
know do I get anything extra for
sticking around this whole time
oh we're gonna find out I like the look
of it ready player one before he goes
into VR world I love his little the the
stack of like tray mobile home yeah yeah
that's a neat world but then of course
they leave that world immediately and go
to reference planet but I like I like
the the post post apocalypse like it
looks like the real world and the
internal computer world are both gonna
be cluttered visual messes right I mean
I still work contrasts sure sure
like it like the real world's a
cluttered visual mess if we go to the
computer world
well the other or the other way around
this is this grey plain looking large
building is what you live in oh sure
then you go to the fancy where there
look at that space and things flying
around and that's that sounds pretty
clever you go from the cluttered world
into the clutter world maybe it's a
statement rich maybe it's a statement
done nope no I know
yeah everyone's gonna say no this stream
should be called everyone as miserable
and Jack is having fun yes that's a
that's life that's right um
optimistic rich is super cynical yeah
and we got a stream I couldn't think of
something wrong with coal one time but
that would be the theme song Jackie's
optimistic and rich is supersanic coal
suckers like cynic and optimistic kind
of rhyme and then you put the coal and
dudududu did did you do owl and that's
how the theme song would go miss rub
together they're both miserable there
you go which is super cynical or cynical
put them in the same room and they both
are pretty miserable there we go
jack is optimistic rich is super cynical
but
them in room together everyone is
miserable and then but then the show
would have to be called miserable you
know and it's not make him something I
can't make him stop he couldn't make me
stop if he tried
what's he gonna do Oh someone one why
doesn't match need to take 33 seconds
the end ones everyone but one person is
dead right what's the fucking wait I
don't know Jay frisk - says hey Jack
hi did you see the report that jared
leto was in talks to play bloodshot in
the bloodshot movie SI pro bloodshot
cosplayer this hurts my soul as it
should by the way because I've seen your
bloodshot cosplay and bloodshot is like
a large Asian dude right and he's super
jacked and white and he's gotten Jared
Leto is not right person and so he's
like Jared Leto playing bloodshot as
he's gonna do another weirdo
interpretation of someone's favorite
character a bloodshot movie I've read a
couple issues but you know whoever that
cosplayer is sent me okay cake by match
end I broke it
okay what the fuck is bloodshot it's an
old-timey comic-book character I think
it's part of the valiant revival what's
going on he's part of the Valiants comic
book universe and and basically all he
is is like a jacked-up assassin yeah
he's like a super assassin he might have
cyborg ish properties I don't know the
full story cuz I've just read an issue
here there is he's got a red dot on his
chest he's all he's that's the blood
spot he's all white and also looks like
Japanese flag they're doing a thing by
the way I can't just like go there and
like a bloodshot movie is the easiest
movie to make it's because it's just an
action movie yeah and paint a guy white
boom like that's all you need to do is
make you know an action movie and and
they're gonna they're gonna fuck it up
rich
I like valve alley it's putting out some
good stuff I really enjoy a harbinger
I've been reading a lot of faith which
is an offshoot of Harbinger I remember
valiant actually tried back in the day
when all of comics were stupid in the
90s when when Rob Liefeld was just
pumping out junk month after month and
raking in millions of dollars Jim
shooter at valiant was actually trying
until he got Austin from the company I
think they have some good characters I
read Archer and Armstrong iíve read
Valiant Comics and I enjoy them I don't
read blood-shod because I'm not super
into characters like that but I have a
lot of respect for Jim shooter yeah that
man was a great editor-in-chief he gets
outed a lot yes he does he's obviously
not a good people person and he's not a
good he's not necessarily a good
businessman he might be a good
storyteller but he's not a good
businessman you know he wrote his first
comic book issue when he was 13 that
true yeah yeah he had written like an
issue or two of Legion of super-heroes
yeah this whole gimmick where he
introduced in the day when they didn't
kill heroes very often he introduced the
character just to kill him off for drama
and it worked
yeah bloodshot is pretty much Punisher
meets Deadpool he'll
factor and is incredibly depressed most
of the time Jared Leto cannot play
bloodshot right right you know buddy he
might and he'll turn it into a weird
artistic interpretation of the character
and fans will hate it and moviegoers
will hate it because it's a weirdo thing
and everyone will hate it but Jared Leto
will live to make another movie because
no one fails in Hollywood ever except
for the one guy who made fan for stick
what was his name I've already forgotten
Josh Trank Trank though said yeah Josh
the only person that whatever fails in
Hollywood is josh trank and he's
probably working on him as another movie
already because no one really fails in
Hollywood all right let's do what you
wish went to more of this I do I'm gonna
this is just all night because we've
been that's right we've been already
going for three hours I understand I
need a bathroom break okay I would like
another beverage that is that is on my
to-do list so if you want to for we do
that let me let me just hit that let's
just bang all this last tip that were
caught up great quickly says here's the
deal yeah aside from pandering to gamer
slash geeks ready player one is written
for grandmas who don't know what games
are the main character is Mary Sue who
never grows and acts like a prick all
right see bago so it's gonna be great
it's gonna be a great movie and they can
they can make a toy line out of it cuz
they'll have all the toys in it it'll be
great we'll be back back we haven't you
haven't muted us though they can still
hear us

[Part II]
ready alright hey everybody I saw y'all
talking about judd apatow movies and
we're talking about the big sick which
if you haven't seen it yet go fucking
see it it's so amazing I saw some people
say that like most appetizing and maybe
I could see that but to me the story was
so good I was engaged at every turn so
if you have not seen the big sick yet
fan-fucking-tastic movie based off of a
real story about a Pakistani immigrant
falling in love with a white woman who
mysteriously gets sick and is put into a
medically induced coma very early on in
their relationship and then he has to
deal with her parents and his parents
and his parents don't know that he's
dating a white woman yeah
and they keep trying to set him up for
an arranged marriage while his
girlfriend who is a new girlfriend is
sick in a coma and so it's like a little
bit of drama it's it's terribly funny
because it's so depressing and dark okay
it's like depressing and darker than
they they find the humor in it Holly
Hunter Ray Romano are in it and there's
no way I'm gonna be able to pronounce
his name but the actor who's on Silicon
Valley and has a name that's hard to
pronounce for me okay Jack would like it
I did like it
I actually went to the theater it was
only playing at our indie theater
downtown I went by myself and watch it
in an afternoon matinee I fucking loved
it
Kumail Nanjiani is the name of the actor
writer and he wrote it you know then
Jionni then Jionni it's fine Kumail
Nanjiani
but fan-fucking-tastic movie if i mean
if you're its schmaltz right you got to
be okay with schmaltz and jenner but
it's very funny
and it's seen a semi-autobiographical
and
just good time it was a it was a great
movie going experience mostly because
it's one of those movies that you watch
it with an audience and everyone's kind
of laughing at different levels at
different times and it brings up the
whole thing and you can hear people get
emotional it's great I love movies
neither of us have seen Dunkirk riggins
47 says rich rich did you ever apologize
to Jay for being wrong in regards to the
tongue festival thing that's good you
seen that episode do you think I have to
apologize for anything Jay knows who's
right free wagging my asses I am baking
some tilapia and searing some bro watch
iam and drinking all the sake I a while
touching my cock iam be wrecking my ass
instead of this I love you guys you help
me get over a morphine addiction and now
I'm abusing the tips I was fine I'd I'd
rather you give your money to me and you
know somebody sell me a methadone yeah
I'll take it
or morphine or whatever the fuck it is
we're all related
throw opiates right I know very little
about that kind of drug abuse morphine
heroin methadone they use methadone to
get people off of heroin addiction
because it's basically controlled heroin
okay it doesn't it doesn't it's not a
drug that magically gets you off the
heroin it's just well you don't have to
get this shit off the streets and we can
control the dosage right medically
appropriate heroin yes
oh I still need to see baby driver I
just recently relaunched Scott Pilgrim
vs. the world and I really enjoyed I
enjoyed it for different reasons you
know bat back in the day back when I was
in my early 20s and you know feeling a
little aloof in life
I watched Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
and loved the shit out of it and now
that I'm a little bit older the story is
pretty weak Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
you know it's basically just a you know
learn how to respect yourself kind of
kind of story but dammit if the if the
technique in making it aren't the
fucking greatest thing in the world and
someone that's close you know how this
works I know how this works find a gun
there's your gun hunt him down
this is the strat well that was this
trap we're gonna oh we're waiting for
him the old just yeah get geared up a
little bit here I'm fine if that's the
stratum just happy asking if that was
the Strad you shooting at someone holes
new back there's two people in here I
shut the door so they might not know I'm
in here yeah I'm in the zone
no look down the sights forget to do
that I am so you're aiming at his feet
right there yeah yeah but I want to make
sure I see him if he comes around the
corner cuz he can come through the door
don't come around that's true
and so like raising up is pretty easy
yes jack is younger than me by a few
years yeah
not a crazy amount but enough where I
was I was younger when Scott Pilgrim
came out saying switch to auto here's
the thing about auto here's why I don't
like auto back you know guns have recoil
yeah and you go to auto and all of a
sudden your shots go off nowhere and I'm
single it's just as fast as you can
click the button and there's less recoil
you can have a little more control over
it okay so I'm with you I just kind of
prefer the single I say go to burst
there's a single in their zone oh okay
for this particular gun if I switch to
this gun I don't there's somebody
fucking in this house and so I just I
how do you know they're in the house
I don't someone near it's probably
camping on a rough
damnit
I have a level two police vest I don't
need the level one new purse awakens
says hey rich saw you and Mike in the
Han Solo movies how many messages did
you get telling you about the Karelian
blood strife just curious because I know
how the internet loves to correct people
Oh have half the comments for about the
Karelian blood stripe that stripe on Han
Solo's pants okay what is it good that
can't just be a stripe on his pants
right
I joked about it being so I'm gonna like
secrets smuggler code like smuggler if
you got the stripe on your pants
oh sure sure but apparently it's some
kind of warm metal that he got
is that
that's where your bullets gonna hit
you're not you're not looking down the
side you're doing it wrong it's a
grenade you just fucked up a grenade did
you see him or was it just noise nearby
no I saw him
I saw him he shot at me I shot at him
can you get out of window
do I want to yes
he's waiting down there and you know it
he's waiting up there and he's waiting
I've been out the door okay so wait the
red stripe even though like that was
just a costume decision like they're
just like hey put on these pants at all
right yeah apparently it's the Karelian
equivalent of the Purple Heart was he in
a war I don't know what can you tell me
about Han Solo I'm sure there are dozens
of books I was he a war captain
supposedly he was an imperial was he yes
call Courtney heaven according according
to the continuity that no longer exists
hmm
which means they can throw all that shit
out the window right where it kind of
belongs because in in the in the old
continuity he was supposed to take a
group of wookies to slavers mine sure
and and then he decided not to do that
and that's why Chewie owes him a life
debt right that's what that's what that
thing okay okay oh I I don't know that's
what I I don't know what I remember is
the old one is like he was in charge of
flying a group of Wookiee slave
somewhere and decided that that was
morally wrong freed them all and that's
why Chewie owes him a life debt okay but
the four salamanders what no they're all
gone with the books yeah none of the
books is right Oh yep jack is right okay
great so I know that's what they did so
I can only imagine that's what the movie
will would concentrate on right well the
movie doesn't have to do anything the
books did they have a clean fucking
slate oh yeah and they don't have to
make all of the same mistakes well but
you know what I'm okay with that
backstory like that's him doing
something big so I'm good and like you
know maybe he starts off as kind of a
dickhead and he makes a couple dickhead
moves but then you know he has to do
this one thing I don't know
they're gonna bother having him be a
former imperial give me no trouble youth
straight into a life of crime sure about
that's what they're gonna do yeah but
but you know what he'll be in a life of
crime and then like he'll get this job
and it pays really well did you watch
the you didn't watch the speculation
video me and Mike did right no no I have
got every everything han mentioned
happening to him it has passed yeah I've
read everything we know about Han know
teaming up with Chewie at some point
yeah the Kessel run the bet with Lando
for the ship everything we've ever heard
that happened to Han Solo huh is all
going to have happened during the same
adventure I think the Han Solo movie is
gonna be some kind of like smuggling
heist on the the spice mines of Kessel
and during this adventure he is going to
rescue Chewie no well yeah he is he's in
it he is going to break the record for
the Kessel run which is going to be the
same bet that he gets the Falcon from
Lando on and at the end of the adventure
he's also gonna lose his cargo that he
owes job of money for the same adventure
that is a delightfully cynical rich but
no I do not believe in I think bill
though you know why cuz they want to
pace themselves they had a lot of
fucking movies to make here man yeah and
I'm not just talking about all of hands
history into a two-hour movie I'm
talking about all of Hans history into
one adventure yeah like like three days
of his life it all that's what it all
happened
I had other people shooting at me to
psych me I had to make a call
no okay no they can't do well no they
can't do that of course they can't do
that and they'd be stupid enough to do
that but the smart decision would really
be to focus on one maybe two things but
you got to make room for the Han Solo's
side movie sequels
they'll be short-sighted enough they
won't do that they got they got somebody
star wars they got a Boba Fett movie
they can make they got a Yoda movie they
can make jack they don't care about that
oh no it can't be everything gonna be
fucking everything it can't be
everything and they can't do the job of
thing because he's a young man he's a
young he's not he's gonna he's gonna old
job of money for 30 years oh I mean
listen I won't be surprised if that
happens no no my guess you know what
they might they're definitely doing when
he meets Chewie they might do Kessel run
we know Lando is in it already right
like that yeah yeah Danny Glover well
then why don't well for if script
efficiency why don't you just merge
those two events the Kessel run was
based on the bet that I made Lando for
the phone call I don't want you to be
right oh but you're probably right I
don't want it rich I don't want that I I
could see the plot basically like
boiling down like this like you know
he's a troubled kid who got hooked up
with some criminals early in life right
he gets a chance for a big score of a
legit job right the Imperials need him
to haul some cargo and he's hauling
cargo some legit job for some big money
because they they need someone quick
they needed done quick and quiet and but
he finds out that he's hauling wookies
to a slave camp
is gonna be he's gonna be hauling
something for Java because we have to
see him lose the cargo oh actually it's
gonna be more of that love interest is
going to steal the cargo after he dodges
the Imperials through the Kessel run and
love interest is gonna take the money
and give it to the rebels which is going
to just make Han more cynical and not
trusting of causes or people he's gonna
say but I loved you and she's gonna say
I know I don't like it I don't like that
rich I don't like that at all how about
that that's fine you don't have to like
it you just have to know you have to
like it cuz Star Wars fans love
everything slop is thrown in their
fucking face you're gonna have to like
it because this is Star Wars oh shit now
I gotta like it I don't wanna like it
well shit I could I could see the Kessel
run being in it is there just nothing in
here is that what you're telling me I
could see the Kessel run
we know Chewie and Lando are in it so
the Falcon has got to be in it as well
that's a nice jacket oh yes oh you look
super badass you know what I don't look
badass
I don't cuz I don't have no gun I could
really use like I was some sort of
weapon tonight is they just really
there's just nothing in here here here's
what I would say here's what here's
likely what I would say we uh the whole
plot is going to be about him freeing
the Wookiees nope and the big final
action sequence will be the Kessel run I
would have starts he already knows
Chewie and it's just about some kind of
heist just one adventure a fun adventure
that Han Solo goes on that would be
preferable obviously because that would
be great gotta tie up you gotta do all
the things the fans know and it's gotta
end right before a new hope like a
pretty bow no no it's gonna end
no it's gonna end with him in the
canteen oh right before he meets Ben
Kenobi oh sure well I do not sure well I
don't know yeah well no I don't like it
and I don't like it
and I don't like it even more they're
just gonna ignore the age difference no
there is no way I would believe that cut
- that's what happens someone takes that
clip of me going no I will not believe
that's what happens oh yeah you know
what a nice little heist movie but like
I said I could even see like it would be
great to see the kind of the thief with
the heart of gold heart of gold turn
right
he's just a cynical thief until he
he's gotta run slaves and that's what
turns them into the thief with the heart
of gold right remember an empire when
they're in the monster in the asteroid
belt they're hiding you know they might
Hawks and oh console was like oh my NOx
he knows what my NOx are Jack yeah you
know that means we're gonna get to see
Han Solo's first encounter with my NOx
it's not gonna be every they're gonna be
in the mines of Kessel it's gonna be in
festive of mine I've stack it it can't
be everything the movie sure can yeah I
don't like it and I don't like that you
are probably going to be correct
all right um I don't like anything about
this rich I'm sorry
I'm sorry you should be I blame you
Jay frisk juices any interest in the
Dark Tower movie have you read the books
and if so how do you feel about it
actually being a sequel to the books
rather than an adaptation Stephen King
says he's happy with it well yeah
because then his book still stands I
know I've never read the books I like it
just Alba I think he's a good actor
Matthew McConaughey is good how the fuck
do I never got into it I started reading
the first one I started early on in the
book and there was like pages dedicated
to a woman's menstrual cycle like what
someone said was on her period why okay
why are we going on about this mr. King
he's got a plan man Stephen King's got a
plan it's just like yeah I don't need
this in my life and I put it down that's
fair that's totally fair alright alright
we actually we got some shit now let's
come up with a plan are we in the zone
nice we're in the zone
Texas fan handler says have you guys
tried splatoon - not big fan of
multiplayer shooters normally but I find
it fun and it's kid-friendly
so my ten-year-old loves it - maybe -
Nintendo Wii for this crowd though Jake
loves it I hit some fun playing splatoon
I'll tell you what and I will get
splatoon - mostly because yeah my like
since Mario Kart 8 came out even though
like they had never played splatoon they
are obsessed with the Inklings only
because like their new characters in the
Mario Kart universe these guys they
probably like splatoon so I'll probably
get it I don't know if I'll play it
don't you have it on the wheel
it's splatoon yeah but they're kind of
this platoon oh okay then played the one
on the Wii U I think that since I got
minecraft that thing has turned into a
Minecraft ok ok so I got minecraft form
for one of their birthdays and now
that's all they play all the fucking
time it's the only thing they play rich
you should chew tobacco while on stream
what why do you hate me that much
you know II think it's been a horrible
gum cancer madam says it was mentioned
before but I wonder what your thoughts
are on Westworld if you've seen it so
I'm a favorite sci-fi TV series and the
trailer for season 2 premiered at Comic
Con I hear it's good I do not have the
HBO's oh it's worth it it's a good
fucking show I haven't had cable TV and
like damn near a decade I don't miss it
that's fair
totally Farage damn fine show Westworld
damn hecka hecka fine show gotta be
smart there could be someone in here
we're in the zone you're up valley west
world all right oh yeah I loved it
season 1 was great and I it's it's it's
fantastic I'm really looking forward to
season 2 I think like they said those
season 2 is not coming out until next
year doors open so there's someone in
here Ricketts 47 says rich witch what is
worse Ghostbusters 2 or the reboot the
reboot the reboot that's not even
ghostbusters 2 is half a good movie it's
not even a question what are you doing
man like the first half where we see
what happened to the guys after the
first movie is all some fun stuff yeah
egon with us like couples therapy
experiment that's really just trying to
irritate them see what happens when we
bring in the puppy that's some good
stuff then when we gets boring once they
become ghostbusters again it's true oh
it's very true I love it like the
birthday party the whole the whole
birthday party gag is so great we're
gonna end up with so appropriate they
were like Rea with the occult bookstore
you know Peter Venkman with the ultra
sleazy psychic world fraud show yeah
it's fine no the reboot the reboots
worthless the reboot the reboot is
completely worthless it doesn't work as
a movie let alone a comedy at least
ghostbusters 2 had a decent creepy
villain they don't need a villain
there's a movie about four guys starting
a business when she added on that
schlock with villains that's what that's
what I got awful Vigo Vigo DMR though
the ego the destroyer
I would love a ranged weapon but that
just looks like it's not gonna happen
okay I'm just gonna hang out on the top
of this hill and wait for suckers to go
by because I'm inside the zone
any any movie other than any
Ghostbusters movie other than the first
one is a movie that did not need to be
made that's a fair sentiment rich
as a fair sentiment see what's at every
every time dan aykroyd started talking
about a third one that I always I always
hoped it would never come to be mmm I
was always so I was actually glad that
Bill Murray had absolutely no interest
and actively worked against it yeah so
you go Bill Murray go diminishing
returns we are already getting
diminishing returns at the second one
little house over there we can check out
maybe we can kill someone and get a
ranged weapon oh there's a road to a
road in a house rich and someone's over
here
someone's over here many of you played
the last gen Ghostbusters game a pretty
good third movie
yeah the Ghostbusters game was pretty
good because it just let you hang out
with those characters for a few hours I
don't understand I only know that it
would have made for a a great movie but
as a videogame just have fun shooting it
goes enjoy the banter with these
characters you like yeah solid
experience
Gately says too much info Steve but hi
what does George Lucas think about
tilapia I'm drunk but I get paid
tomorrow so who cares about tips good
night good night good night glad to be
your your conduit and your conversation
with Steve you know sometimes the the
purpose that we think we have is
different than the purpose of fans
having you know that's fine Richard you
have any strong feelings on tilapia uh
I'm allergic to fish all fish yep oh
well I don't need seafood laughs he's
pretty good I used to work at a grocery
store the the meat department I'd I'd be
closing at night I'd have to clean out
like the the fish counter yeah and I
would have hives for running up and down
my arms that's not good
Connor went over to that house I'm sorry
maybe you should kill them I would love
to kill them Ricketts 47 wants to know
if you've ever been to Iowa sure I'll be
back jack has been to Iowa
I've been to most of the states and her
an exciting Iowa adventure
I mean it's Iowa ok prereq of my asses
nothing does they don't want me to read
it alright here's my man Bush Strada
rich I'm hiding in this bush
that's my bad Bush strat they can't see
me if I'm in the bush and then my plan
is to haul ass over to that tree over
there Hoff hearted says hey guys Jack I
thoroughly enjoy following you on
Twitter I try to keep it interesting
seeing you consistently reply to others
with a simple nope makes me giggle every
damn time do you enjoy it as much as me
I do you know me I try not to be glib
but you get the same question over and
over hey now that the Occulus reduced
its price you got you ready to give you
nope hey if you live you play this game
no you just kick ask the same question
over and over again and yeah sometimes
you got to be glib I try not to be but
nope is one of my favorite responses
nope and I do try to respond to every
one I'm sorry if I don't respond to you
cuz I do I like in general like I cuz I
would like it if people I talked to
responded to me so I try to respond to
all the people I can I want to move but
I also like being alive in this bush you
know well you know the circle is gonna
close in on you sound right your hand
will be forced sooner or later
she's a nice strong hold over there and
I'm sure someone's in it but if I can
hang out maybe I can hang out it over
here in the shade and scope it out a
little bit I think that might be the car
oh no this doesn't help me that might be
the car I saw earlier
constants of exes Jack's optimistic rich
is super cynical when it comes to games
and movies the stream is hysterical
thanks for making my laugh so hard with
that Han Solo I loved you
I know line you're laughing now will you
be laughing what happens in the theater
there's a guy heading directly for me
you have a shotgun well he doesn't I'm
gonna wait till he gets look he's over
there and he doesn't see me he's not
gonna see me I'm gonna murder his ass
cuz I'm over here in the shade he's
wearing to the houses he's wearing to
the houses he's not focused on you I
know he could be looking around stop by
the house checking it out
don't don't he won't see me I'm just
freaking him out
he doesn't see me alright alright okay
now the people in the house will
probably focused on him because he's
moving closer so I can sneak a little
bit closer okay I just wanted to get him
moving more all right and get him a
little more frantic all right you do you
men I'm doing it you do you okay I'm
outside of the map zone now so now we
got to move thank you but we know it we
know anonymous says have you guys seen a
Kira if so what's your opinion that's so
long ago fantastic beautiful animation
not a single likable character in the
whole fucking movie yeah that seems
about right
I thought so long ago I'm not even sure
I can I can like give
rich is seen an anime i was those before
anime was even a thing that was just you
got to see this weird ass cartoon akira
was like the the birth of anime in the
US
check out this one house behind you know
I know that was the plan I'm so decent
cover then it's not gonna close it on me
yet and I'm right by the line so I'm
playing it real cool by this house okay
Jay frisk 2 says do you guys see the
photo of the cast and crew signed I beam
at Star Wars land where someone wrote
what if blink its quotes along the edge
of the beam I did through that hashtag
Lincoln lives yeah I was neat there
forever
I always part of Star Wars forever
hello arranged weapon not the greatest
but I'll check upstairs before you do
this Jesus Christ you crazy motherfucker
and now I gotta give
now we got to get movin
he's and waffles other building isn't
you fucking know what that he's in one
of those other fucking buildings and you
know what someone's around here like
we're right by the edge they got
covering these buildings down there
someone's over here somewhere trying to
close the door behind that's the one
building with a door closed yeah he's
probably in there people are trying to
move you know we shooting at
we shoot that tsunami
Nana says I downloaded the twitch app
and watch the stream on my way home I
felt in Zen with Jack in his boat and me
and an hour of traffic
what did Jack listen to on the road trip
nothing I listened to absolutely nothing
shit
I just had a lot of conversations with
my mother which was nice cuz I really
don't get to see her too often and so no
the entire trip but there was no radio
to be played yeah I don't like this I
don't like this at all
I don't think they're shooting at me oh
you see them up there yeah need to find
them huh you're kind of an aside well I
got a I got a go to the safe zone no I'm
gonna go over here and hide by a rock
while they fight it out over there oh
there's a guy over there
one minute
kind of close I don't know the safe
zones seem to give a bullshit advantage
to the people lucky enough to be in the
circle yeah but it's all thanks roll I
thought it was a strategy of course I
mean strategy that's what I meant to say
strategy tell us strategy over there
that is bush
I can hit them
how far right try try aiming terribly
higher up yeah considerably okay up up
up up up
you sure that's person 90% sure
13 left alive you don't pretty good and
you're not hanging out in a boat right
you're gonna eat your head if jackets
this crossbow sniper kill should have
been here last time Jack played this
game I did get a crossbow sniper kill
kind of an epic one yeah Oh see that was
a person look that's great yeah now I'm
crawling we're crawling now I haven't
those fuckers over there
somebody was over there said a butterfly
fuck
that looks good cover but just laugh a
little rich ah make me ha how about you
say something funny
did you kill anybody
have I killed anyone no no I have not
or maybe I have I don't know this has
been a long one we are now prone
crawling oh look look there we go now I
won't be able to hit him but I might be
able to sneak I don't don't ok
crossbow crossbow he's gonna stop sooner
or later right I'm hoping he's probably
gonna stop as soon as he's on the inside
of the white I am the hunter rich
Thank You mr. chance I think it's gonna
look around him and you might be fucked
I have this tree for cover there's a
motorcycle over here get down get down
I'm gonna wait nice nice
uh that was fucked up right there why
does that fucked up I didn't see that
coming
shit someone shootin at me
does he have a sniper rifle in his box
no time
I know why you left that treat trying to
get in between whoever shooting at me
and my goal is really just to keep
moving until whoever shooting at me is
not shooting at me or I can see them and
take a shot god damn it where are they
they're probably safely on the damn
circle oh right it's fine see you so you
think it's coming from this side you see
where the bullets are hitting the tree
yeah so it's gotta be coming from this
side having a hell of a time hitting me
where the fuck is he behind you
what you're completely wrong no that's
anything the tree over here look he's
definitely firing from this side you
were on the side of the tree by the
crate and you weren't getting hit yes so
I was looking at where it was going he
should have been firing from that
direction I think I killed two people I
got 20 points so he might have killed
someone else
the hell the what hail there where was
he who some hey I made it pretty far
that time and I almost did stuff the
hell was Jack doing that's a fantastic
question I was looking for I was looking
for the guy shooting at me I couldn't
find the guy shooting at me top five I
made it to the top five I'll take it
I'll take it I couldn't see him alright
alright did you see him no but he you
could tell when you're behind the tree
and he wasn't able to hit you right that
meant he was somewhere on the other side
of the tree and you kept you kept going
left yes cuz I was looking he was
somewhere ahead of you yeah on the other
side tree and you're moving left far
away from the tree and getting shot at
because I needed to move because the the
thing was closing in on me and I needed
to see him so I could take a shot if I
would have seen him I could have taken a
shot I and I was I was joking enough
where he wasn't getting good shots I
thought I could make it I thought I
could make it at least until I saw you
made it fine that's pretty damn good
this is my eye well I just wanted to see
him so I could get at least one cross
you will encounter one person and really
it was kind of a fluke that I was
already I was already aiming at him when
I saw him and I just pressed the button
real quick but that was some quick
thinking I'm that was some quick
reflexes on my part so I'll take it rich
have you ever been injured in half in
the bag
yes very early on wasn't the Captain
America one of the one the one where the
bricks are getting thrown through the
window oh sure I'm holding a ceramic
plate in my hands and the brick lands in
the plate that cut up my hand really
damn good oh yeah
Mike got mad at me well yeah I could J
got mad at me because they cut my hand
you boy I was relating ya think I've
really annoyed cuz I kept holding my
hand over my head like you're supposed
to when you're gonna cut that bleeds
profusely uh-huh I was making them
uncomfortable they made me leave the
room well they had that they had a web
series to make rich you were you were
getting in the way you need to be more
aggressive Jack no I disagree if I would
have tried like if I would have got up
in a run I might have been able to you
know Juke my way around but I wanted to
see where where the person was coming
from just punch people in the face punch
and punch and punch and punch ten people
punched 11 people 12 people punched in
the face
anonymous says John wick Cinematic
Universe thoughts absolutely none this
immediate Clark is the worst she's
terrible in Game of Thrones was terrible
in Terminator yeah be terrible and Han
Solo Hollywood needs to stop casting her
I agree I think she's terrible
none of these cinematic universes they
said desperately want her going to take
off nope none of them nope
Emilia Clarke is terrible I hate I hate
when she talks and I hate when she
doesn't talk and I hate looking at her I
hate her in game she's one of the
reasons I stopped watching Game of
Thrones I just hate her as an everything
every time she talks she in done oh shit
I didn't want to hit that
fuck your there here now this is your
lot life motherfucker right I'll take it
heart tree fucker says I know you guys
haven't seen Dunkirk but if you get the
chance the IMAX version is incredible
okay there go to it a six-story a Wonder
Woman but shot and the Justice League
trail that was worth the price of
admission on its own I haven't watched
someone yet because I still don't give
two fucks about the Justice League movie
that's Farage Wonder Woman being you
know half decent does not change the
fact that I just don't care about the
DCAU or you or whatever they want to
call it the DC see you the DC see you
IDC see you gun would be nice gun would
be nice I got a helmet oh yes they're
doing reshoots with mustache Superman
yeah you've heard this we're talking
about this earlier yeah but the chat
chat probably hasn't the doing reshoots
for the Justice League but Henry Cavill
who plays Superman already has a
mustache for another movie he's in for a
mission impossible for Mission
Impossible and he's contractually
obligated to keep that mustache because
of course it needs to remain the same
for any shoots that they're doing at
Mission Impossible so they're filming
his shots his reshoot
scenes in the Justice League movie with
him with the mustache and they're going
to digitally remove it it's gonna cost
the millions and millions of dollars yep
to digitally paint out Henry Cavill
mustache which i think is hilarious so
I'm all for it
I just and everyone everyone at this
point just wants pictures Superman with
the mustache
you know and superior gringo everyone
wants Supes with a mustache it's gonna
be great and if if Warner Brothers was
on their shit they would be they would
be marketing that shit like oh yeah
everybody look at Superman with the
moustache a fucking gun would be nice
but Superman is its head and how can he
be in the Justice League they wouldn't
kill him off just to bring him
immediately back they already showed him
in the poster he's a fucking movie these
are people with a plan they're gonna
bring him back as Darkseid's minion he's
gonna be evil Superman for a bit oh yeah
yeah and then they're you know Lois
Lane's gonna show up and he's gonna turn
good and nobody's gonna know the
difference because he's still destroying
metropolis but for good this time
Superman has been corrupted by dark seed
dark Superman's been corrupted by dark
side we need to keep him from destroying
metropolis again Superman is now
fighting Darkseid we need to keep him
from destroying metropolis fucking
handgun
anonymous says rich Jack yeah
you've talked about liking the early
ultimate spider-man comics yeah
which got me curious did either of you
play the ultimate spider-man game have a
great night yeah it was good
it's got nothing on web shadows that was
fun eight times dumped down web shooting
compared to what they had in spider-man
2 oh sure sure got nothing rich I got
fucking nothing
you've talked good about what web of
Shadows before you've talked highly of
web of shadows before and for a while it
was available on PC and it is no longer
supposedly you could spend like $100 to
find a copy or something about yeah yeah
but that ain't gonna happen how close oh
I'm in the play area great great rickets
47 says rich how was max landis was he
nice max landis was super enthusiastic
he's he is super passionate about the
things he loves that is that is the
thing I took away from max landis I
think max Linus is super passionate
about fucking everything that it's not a
that it's not a slight on max landis
that man likes things you talk about
something he likes for our and Superman
he'll go on and on by stops no Superman
or whatever
it's not an answer to the question was
he nice well he wasn't evil so I I don't
recall him like punching random people
he ran across he was rather pleasant to
us is that what you're at like are you
asking was he mean like no he was rather
pleasant to us
I didn't he didn't ask to be a part of a
half of the bag because he wanted to be
a dicta I'm gonna fly to Milwaukee and
just be a huge asshole was I here
someone here oh shit if no one's here
but all the doors are open
wait was Len evil no - super cool when
one knows how to take it on the chin he
could have been so bitter towards us
with how we savage him yet he went and
turned it into a huge fucking positive
absolutely that it's kind of amazing
oh yeah no he took it in stride just his
his entire attitude about being savaged
oh man by a group of assholes on the
internet who are not very nice to lend
yep yep all right that's fair
nope yep you got me right we we were not
very nice to one in his movies but he
was again just super Pleasant anyone
who's willing to like take of a flight
like spend a couple days with people
hopefully they're coming in with
positive experience hopefully I know my
image trash is because I get so
flustered I get so excited I saw a
person and I didn't know what to do so I
also um you know on the lap desk it's
not perfect to be pretty it's not great
name precise on the lap dance no elbow
hole I'm basically I'm gonna give you
all the excuses I can I think when
you're streaming in general your skill
diminishes 20% oh just right off the bat
hmm max just what max even brought like
an early copy of his likes comics he's
like hey check out my new comic I had an
early copy which is very nice of him
nonsense in a bag says congrats rich and
great job on recent cartoon voice acting
yes you're too loud episode went up yes
I did watch it I've been we've been busy
with secret project voice oh yeah secret
project going on all sorts of Secrets
all sorts I need to watch some when I
get home you did send me the link as
soon as I could and I put that up I
tweeted out on Sunday when you didn't
when you weren't streaming yeah so say
hey don't you know but look at too loud
we recorded that a while ago Spenny here
feels like a year you recorded that oh
yeah what a long time we're going to
finally came out which is great up on
DreamWorks YouTube channel pretty
exciting
pretty exciting stuff and I thought it
was a cute episode I watched it actually
on the road Mike I got he sent me the he
tweeted at me Nico :
and and I watched it with my kids on the
road and they enjoyed it they wanted to
watch it again your episode I always
assume I'm terrible that was good like
the end is nigh
I hurt haven't heard anything from
Edmund in a while here's his audio
Edmund Edmund what'd you think it was
that did you like it does that get back
to me is that what you're looking for
anytime you want to get to me I'm here
he's my personal phone number in case
email doesn't work for you a Skype
Twitter
I mean Edmund was very happy with Rich's
voice work so you say so you say he was
he was he was only cuz that's what he
say
we're on a farmland oh that's this is a
bag went on to say the whole crew has
been animated before in PR / Harlem
clips on YouTube oh yeah has Om ever
considered producing any animations
thanks both it's not it's not something
we've pursued we're not animators yeah
we're not animators but somebody wants
to animate us I don't think we're
typically against it in principle no I
wouldn't say so land on that roof looks
like an amazing ruff thanks it's not too
late it's not too late it's not you
sankt me out rich oh wait and wait no no
I wanted to see you stuck there just
forever this forever maybe maybe maybe
there's a glitch and they can't shoot
you and then like you'd be lucky enough
that would be where the map would Center
at the end of the game and you would win
by default I like it I like it obviously
that didn't happen but hey it was
I'll some G's s about any future prank
calls planned for best of the worst for
one whatever what's happened it has not
been planned okay
the prank calls for best of the worst Oh
God they've been spontaneous we almost I
actually kind of wanted to do one for
the telepathic animals because I had an
idea in mind III wanted to do a hostage
negotiations bit well but there was no
number to call oh I had this idea where
my my pet chimpanzee had taken a gun and
taken my nice hostage because he he lost
the part of Curious George in the
Curious George movie they decided to go
with a CGI Curious George oh so you had
a whole I had a whole shtick in mind but
there was no number oh it's funny but I
I actually kind of literally
face-planted with the Frank phone phone
calls because I didn't like doing them I
didn't like the pressure of doing it
yeah like the first one with the plane
that was amazing and I had no idea it
where it came from it just showed up in
my brain right Wow okay that turned out
good and then there was a lot of
pressure to do another Frank call of
course and glass to do it once you do it
once night Oh God all right it's monkey
and so then it happened again and we got
the Don Wilson bit Arvid yeah and that
was particular Oh God but I was really
like when I knew there was a phone
number on the back of that box I was
super stressed out the whole
conversation trying to think of a bit
sure and I was now dreading whenever
there was like a phone number on a tape
box cuz I knew it was gonna instantly
Mike was gonna take that phone I hand it
to me and try to make another bit right
hopefully magic would happen well you
know because it's because also because
it's worked before and so they're just
like you know we'll just make try to
make the magic happen again right right
there's the thing when we did that the
Chinese internet video the the
instructional thing where I did the the
ching chong voice yeah I
deliberately like face-planting on that
one I I you know what I'm gonna make
this one be so fucking horrible
I am never asked to do it again oh that
was that was awful by design interesting
yeah so I just so I won't have to worry
about any time there's a fun thing
they're not gonna ask me a gun after I
do this
she's like the laziest dumbest thing I
could do yeah yeah that's good night
which how much work do you invest in a
build like the new we love the worst
fantastic job by the way it's just like
a weekend or or like a week for you well
it's like what what is was he has
something 99% 1% inspiration 99% first
perspiration yeah it's kind of the other
way around with that because I didn't
know how to do it in the first place oh
sure it's like I know I need I want
something I wanted something vertical
and large like the Wheel of Fortune but
it's like I don't know how to build a
lazy susan and I I was looking at like
thrift stores just to find things that
would spin like you know you don't
really find anything and I was just
looking on like just googling lazy susan
to see what I could buy but like these
things were meant for like industrial
purposes so you put your thing that
spins on there your tool rack or
whatever right not necessarily designed
to spin really fast you know yeah you're
just designed to turn and like I was
worried well it's been money on one of
these but I don't know if it'll work
yeah there's it's not like there was a
showroom where you could test him out
yeah but once once I had the the
mechanism like okay now I know how I'm
going to build this yeah it went by
lightning quick interesting I like that
you know what rich that was good
incitement that's a great story
well after after that the longest thing
was just waiting for paint to dry so you
could slap out a second coat right Oh
rich we got ourselves an eight-time
scope
wait what kind what kind of gun is that
rich will you tell Jack about my $100
donation so he has some motivation he
has to make the top 10 this round what
about your $100 donation if I make the
top 10 we get a hundred bucks
interesting I'd tell about it I guess I
just did I'm not seeing any more
information from you about this okay so
I got rid of the machine gun and I
upgraded to kind of like a single-shot
rifle that has a super long range and I
have an 8 x scope on it in the hopes
that I can do some sniping which you
know that the sniping is usually what
what kills you right okay do you know if
you if you get the top 10 this round
you're getting a hundred bucks yes
that's the bargain I get here I guess
here's the thing it doesn't motivate me
because I know what this game can do
yeah and I just know that I have very
little control over if I get to the top
10 or not but you just need to find
another boat right I guess I guess I
will play a little more cautiously I say
as I'm about to run out into the open
Oh pan-pan is but protection rich people
have a hard time shooting you in the
butt if you have a pan it's kind of
funny yep gobbledygook says if you'd
like to see what's the store for the
Justice League then why wait play a
Superman Batman Aquaman Wonder Woman and
cyborg right now on DC Universe Online
on the ps4 it's free you fucks you know
what I missed that
I missed that I'm like this is not like
the old days Jack nothing like no you
know what sometimes there's nothing like
the oldies I got to get over here though
or else I'm gonna die
rickets 47 says rich who is the most
cynical person on our LM the most
positive love you guys keep up the good
work wasn't me or Mike that's more
cynical who you know what are we about
tide I was gonna say I was gonna say
y'all y'all some cynical fucks nothing
wrong with that
oh no no nothing wrong with that uh well
you know sometimes cynicism turns into
negativity yeah but you know what's
wrong with that
well I'm me being a positive
I don't think sometimes it's not
necessarily helpful but you probably win
the most positive probably know by at
first of all by long Josh huh josh josh
is not a very positive forgotten I think
Josh would like to be a positive person
but in practice he is not so you're in
the zone the AutoZone I'm in the zone
and I have a nice we could take out some
motherfuckers we could take out some
other fuckers rich buddy you're by the
edge of the zone right well that's
that's the other part that's the worst
possible of all zones well listen we're
gonna we're just gonna take it one day
at a time you know we're gonna take it
ten dudes at a time how would you even
go through the main body in the city
that seems silly well I mean I'm in a
valley and I'm in a shadow that's what
I'm thinking here rich valleys and
shadows hard disk oh you might have to
go across that water no no it's this way
Oh
but I do have to go through this city so
I'm you know like basically I'm just
gonna try to like use the trees as cover
and actually I can probably stay on top
of this hill I probably smart stay away
from the city not for long I'm most
likely unless you get extremely lucky
nope Oh where's that how far how far far
enough to be a pain in the ass but
that's what trees rocks
covers for I got three whole minutes oh
shit there's a big so if you don't find
a sniper rifle should you just like
restart I don't know I've never had a
sniper rifle before this is this is the
most sniper rifle I've ever had and
we're gonna see if we can do some damage
here all right so now about to leave
this shit I mean we don't don't be
completely reckless here no no I think
I probably just can't hit him right Oh
someone's hitting him that's what I
would do don't you know you can't go
there right where did that come from
where did that come from Jack I don't
know but it's something to go check out
his corpse now oh hello ping ping
I am a little bit ahead
we're just gonna try to stay in this
treee area for as long as I can
dammit honey people lost you have oh not
a lot rich yeah we got to move
we got to move in we got to move fast
get up to that big tree on the hill on
the right and serve a baby well there's
somebody in the hat around
I don't know anything well that's you
know this game better than I you just
listen to me no no I appreciate any
insight you can give me and it's just
like there's no accounting for where
people are gonna be anonymous oh so do
you
titillate an ocelot you oscillated sinha
wot ah great i love it
ten out of ten Game of the Year pun of
the year a big fuckin target up here
big fucking target up here where am I
going oh shit
you got a ways
fuck but we gotta move gotta move
there's just not a lot of cover over
here adjust the zeroing distance of your
scope for these ranges I don't know what
that means rich did you really destroy
Thundercats or was that a bit no I was
real obviously we had the boxes
downstairs but the tapes are still
upstairs so Junior Mike just stuffed
whatever VHS is well round inside those
boxes
why I didn't know it was in there
what's your help like full right now
this phone
this looks great not white I don't know
what that means well that it doesn't
show anything right now cuz it's full
okay but it's about to not be because
I'm sure some motherfuckers gonna be
here anyone here's running for the safe
area yeah
and I know I can run faster with my
pistol but also if I happen on someone I
want my shotgun so anyone who says you
can run faster pistol I hear you I get
that but I'd much rather have my shotgun
out in case someone like pops up behind
the tree you know
yeah yeah sorry no that's fine so now
you can see kind of my health okay sure
there's bitches over here but I'm close
enough here where I can I might be able
to snipe some people right on the edge
take some time get my health back whoo
there's a little valley I can hang out
in as long as someone doesn't kill me as
long as someone's not in here all right
hold on hold on
no no painkillers to you but I'm gonna
use them use Oh which game soundtrack do
we love the most I don't have them
ranked I like a lot of game soundtracks
you know me kind of like you know risk
of rain it's a great sound game
soundtrack I still listen to that I
being visiting soundtrack is very good I
said a spot for Doom II won em one way
that's that's dad don't dad did it
don't-don't-don't down down down down
down to downtown Wow shit happening over
here
yeah that's III I'm one yeah well I saw
that I saw that did you guys see that
no someone in here that car just flipped
over just yeah
did you did they died well you're
probably
see if we can see any movement
you can snipe someone
and remove sure they're not behind you
in that big building it's about to zero
in it's about to the blue areas both
close down again so I move I'm willing
to take the risk
Oh games so fun with its strategy if you
have to keep moving because the blue
line will get you settle down rich you
in the end is nigh or just the trailer
I'm in the cutscenes all the cutscenes I
noticed he went in a completely
different direction with the final
cutscene did he yeah he didn't use any
of that I don't remember what it was I
guess I'd say what happens in the final
cutscene but it's a spoiler oh sure I
don't remember I don't remember it and
we recorded that that was uh that was a
pretty Swift recording process this
whole thumbnail thing that was the final
one Oh was that it
yeah oh he didn't use that no well then
I'm not that I'm shocked
or or is that a secret ending I don't
think so
that might be a secret ending they say
there was gonna be secret enemies
there's there there are secret endings
all right they're livid still in there
they might be still in there I know that
was really important to him that that
one how much we should talk about with
that if he's never gonna be on the show
hands we'd save it then or that could be
for a while though
well people say it's still well just
just what it was like working with him
in general that's fine to talk about cuz
it's like if he's on we'll just you know
we'll talk about his side of it the
hardest part was figuring out what the
fuck he wanted yes well you know and he
because he had some very ideas but he
was definitely like he was actually
probably a little too open to like us to
our input yeah and he wanted to be
respectful to us but he also wanted
something very specific you know well he
could have just said the specific thing
he wanted I know
and I don't know like how much I don't
know like how much he's worked with
voice actors before or what are we what
are we talking I I did a voice for
Edmund McMillan's latest video game the
end is night yeah I'm in the game I'm
the main character in the cutscenes some
voice acting I did for the end his knife
yeah so you know he said he wanted me
it's a ritual your your ash I know it I
know I know it's you you or whatever it
was how he your your sniping you don't
give a shit and I just we had this whole
conversation slow you know what what are
you looking for him and I was like you
know it's like a suicide note
kinda like somber or like you know like
it's like you're writing a suicide note
yeah and then we recorded a bunch of
stuff we talked about another was good
it was all what was it was what he
thought it was like two down or
something yeah cuz it cuz he also wanted
you to be manic hello then it quickly
real well
he must have been hunting me for a long
time oh I stopped checking my six a
quickly realized when are you talking
about like a suicide note and the somber
us he was just talking about the opening
cutscene he wasn't talking about like
the character in general is like well
well and but like overall he like he
definitely liked woody what he was
looking for was though that like classic
rich Evans switch where you're you're
somber and then you're loud and you're
angry and you know the whole mix of
emotions I remember we did we tried we
tried funny voices because the least
comfortable thing in the world for me is
to be natural right to use my own voice
and act I can't do that
I can't do that shit that's the most
difficult thing in the world I said we
tried sending them just like different
voices we did one did we do all of the
scenes of sans the sans voice I did for
undertale we tried a couple of sans cuz
I thought this your sans what yours yeah
we thought that could fit we tried a
couple like more gallupi sounding like
just your voice but a little more gloopy
because the characters gallupi by I
don't remember how the hell that sounded
oh i mean obviously not good like it
sounded good enough where he said nope
so yeah we went through we went through
a long process just to try to figure out
the direction he was going and then of
but eventually we figured out like he
was Rich's voice but a like a little
different dish I don't know yeah I was
that was a it was a tree you know what
it was a great experience for us it was
great all the best improv bits got cut
he Andy he was pretty open to us improv
I go make it your own improv it and we
we really gave him some Gold's man wait
you wait til that a that director's cut
blu-ray game and we get you get all the
all a good gold
all right great I'm done that was a heck
of a stream right there alright you
gotta earn those oh yeah I gotta earn
those sandwiches yep now Ritchie owes me
even more hamburgers which is great
which is great I'll take it now I want
to hear with what hit cutting room floor
you got it that's Edmunds property he
Pam yeah that's his he owns it we don't
I like I have it of course but yeah we
can't release that that's not up to us
to release you talk to Edmund about that
he'll if he wants to he wants to join a
stream just play audio clips well you
know it might be interesting just kind
of talk about talk about the the process
of making a game and doing voice work
and all that fun stuff
unless he's sick of talking about it
because that's what he talks about all
the time but alright now let me get the
final
I don't sip jab jab Oh jingle says hey
there you schlock bastards I long time
Arlen fan first time tipping rich and/or
Jack which are LM video did you enjoy
filming the most cheers which are LM
video you know you know because I've
been making videos with Mike since high
school
no let me let me pinpoint the one oh
maybe you know what I only had a good
time once I only had a good time that
once that's that's the thing like we're
just friends
like we were shooting something earlier
today and it was really fun just
cracking jokes
Johnny what's gonna end up in the video
yeah but which is cracking jokes
I prefer best of the worst
yeah just because it's it's always
what's specific one Jack probably with
Jillian yeah only because she was she's
a great sport and it was so great to
have someone new like what to watch them
turn horrified like this is what we're
doing like we're just watching bad
movies and I like Jillian to like I just
like hanging out know what it was ahead
of time I don't think she knew like she
knew what it was yeah like it's still
like a way we have to watch two more of
these after you get done with that first
one but that was it so that was any you
know what like she had she's you know
Julian doesn't live in Milwaukee so it's
just nice to see her yeah but I like all
of the best of the worst it's great I
mean the Miami connection night this is
what I can film to watch though I really
was so yeah those were all right ok now
is the point of the stream in which we
thank all the people who subscribe to us
during this very stream much like creo
42 who has subscribed to us for 31
fucking months in a row hella but barn
for 20 fucking months in a row says
hello and goodbye from Calgary count
I was just near you halibut
I was not but 40 minutes from your
humble abode I'm sure Calgary is the
main town yep near where I was I did I
did not make my way up to Calgary
because I was too busy hanging out
invoking Bree you didn't talk about your
Vulcan Adventure we're gonna have oh
we're gonna talk about my Vulcan event
okay next stream sure all right all
right I said I'm sure like a million
little stories will pop up from my trip
Breen is God who says if it's great to
have you back jack
it's great to have me back me okay tone
decimals 421 fucking months in a row
loner Archon who has subscribed to us
for 35 fucking months in a row lunar
arch and says I'm old it just means
you're winning at life you haven't lost
the end Saint it's like thing it's like
pub G you just keep going till you could
just sniped that's life then it's over
it's just it's just over then there's
there's no finding a new Lobby
in life all right there's no strategy to
it you just keep running towards that
line that's ahead of you sometimes
sometimes you just gotta reach Ange you
know what there is a lot of life there's
a lot of life lessons in pub so some
people get lucky they say they spawn
right into the middle of the white
circle that's got all the money and the
all the money and power and power and
really they just kind of sit there they
gotta sit there and they pick off little
people who are trying to get in there
with them and they're really confused
that anyone else would be struggling why
why would you struggle
why weren't you just born inside the
white lines just like life this is why
it's important to stick around for the
thank yous you never know when Rich
errands are gonna have some fucking gold
says hey guys only 97 days until
Halloween that's exciting right right
that's kind of exciting you know what so
so every year and we're gonna try to
hold on to this for as long as we can we
do family Halloween costumes we try to
you know yeah all of our costumes for
one until your kids change the last
minute and fuck it all up then we just
changed it the whole family changes with
it but here's here's what the boys are
really excited about to go is Halloween
this time Friday the 13th
how do you do that is everyone Jason
well no so my youngest wants to be Jason
from hell
okay saw the Tom Savini one yeah kind of
a really great way to do that we'll get
him a little jumpsuit yeah and I have
these orange LED lights that we can put
inside the jumps things glow nice so he
must be Jason from hell I'm going to be
Baghead Jason oh of course
Parker wants to be Tommy Jarvis because
he thinks Tommy Jarvis is the coolest
and then Lisa can just be a female camp
counselor right we'll get a little
flashlight and you know we'll just get
one of her girls like oh like that and I
was like guys we can't tell mom yet
because if we tell her too early she'll
think of a she'll think of something
better good enough excuse I was like
that's what we're gonna drop on her
early October and that's gonna be it
it's gonna be all right
I'm really excited hopefully hopefully
they remain excited about it
for 90 more days your kids fan of the
man who took a corpse and turn of an ode
to an unstoppable killing zombie yes
they love it okay Tommy Jarvis is just
the worst person he turned a
run-of-the-mill serial killer yeah into
an unstoppable undead super beast but
he's also kind of a hero of the game so
because and you know they don't know the
movies they just know the game and they
know it's really cool if you get to be
tired right right Lisa could be mrs.
Voorhees sure I feel like we need one
regular camp counselor like find an old
eighties sweater
it's Hama just minded his own business
not dug up that grave he to save
hundreds of lives hundreds jack hundreds
he's a monster Tommy Jarvis is a monster
he is what he is rich you know what we
all just got to follow our own white
line a feminine for 18 months in a row
six ups says love watching you guys
reefer que death John vice-versa man
caitli kaleidoscopic cuz lightest yeah
funny who says hello jack and rich from
a guy in the land of 10,000 lakes
aka Minnesota fuck the cheese heads and
skull Vikings alright
BC gm3 miss toots
who says love you hacks weasel says hey
Jack thanks for being optimistic in a
sea of cynicism it's a tough job
sometimes especially when all three your
gang up on me but I'm here for the good
fight John Zoidberg
Xena trope for 36 motherfucking months
in a row and Xena trope says thanks for
three years of streams I had a birthday
recently could I get a thumbs up and a
Zenger Ragnar that's totally zag NARR
and as Agner from frag nan the alien to
sell a second are zag gnar I don't
remember what the second hour means
button is that a thing is that a
reference I'm tryna I don't remember the
Sun uh what was it what was it what was
the stupid sitcom that Mike did the
Grabowski of course of course Datsun 85
cents so
during Karen f13 stream didn't show up
though so maybe today HIV
welcome that's midnight Andy for 21
fucking months in a row zap F Dean bat
crew Bitzer silly puddy meth lab
gentlemen bears says everybody was a
baby once Arthur
baby's Chum tiny dimpled fleshy mirrors
of our us nests that we parents hurl
into the future like leathery footballs
of hope and you've got to get a good
spiral on that baby or evil will make an
interception oh that's a tick quote oh
you don't
everyone was a baby once Arthur baby's
Chum tiny dimply fleshy mirrors of our
us nests that we parents fowl into the
future like a leathery footballs of hope
and you've got to get a good spiral on
that baby or evil will make an
interception oh that's a great quote new
tick ticks coming out next month is that
next month next month we get we get live
action Peter Serafinowicz tick I'm super
height hang out I had a lot to live up
to that animated show absolutely but
they failed so hard to a live-action one
that this one's got to be better than
that people send the wagon no no it
lasted eight episodes these guys fans
listen I know my leg is blinding you but
this is what you got to deal with I'm
sorry
push level says hi there you sexy Goblin
it made you peppy I'm thinking I'm
taking a sexy Goblin doctor scientists
man
beer coaster Emma
and cephalo pathetic says oh my god
fred lon equalities prereq in my ass
madness PU for 30 fucking months a
neurosis 30 fucking months my god thanks
for all the entertainment guys you're
welcome thank you thank you Magnus
jurgis 101 who says twitch Prime it's
like I support you but with shit I was
gonna throw away anyway we'll take it
we'll take it wonderful job on jingles
says what's up Jack and rich not sure
what I love more riches laugher richest
chuckle you know what it's two layers
it's two levels of enjoying rich Bill LA
hecka 437 mother fucking months in a row
and Billa hecka says I've subbed for 37
months in a row reminds me of something
my girlfriend told me once while I was
working and I can be in my convenience
store gig was it 36 or 37 Billa that's
the important question that is a clerks
reference to how many not dicks his
girlfriend sucks and when she said I
don't know 36 he goes wait am i 36 and
she goes yeah 37
ok ok Bert every little bit of clerks
burned right into my brain
Thank You Bella hecka daddy slicked ik
Adam in Calgary a a clockwork Stalin for
33 fucking months and Rosa's fuck the
haters play some more Friday the 13th it
is made for some great streams it has I
agree mm-hmm yeah Jack what's drugs PC
and we'll go for another kill let's
check I could set the jack good MC Lucas
for 37 motherfucking
months in a row says others that I
follow play together in squads which
looks fun there's an actual plan you can
put together in fun and creative ways
can't imagine playing this solo it looks
so bland please consider trying this
with a group with voice chat at some
point I will personally what I like when
I play I will try to play with a group I
don't know if we'll do another extreme
of it I just really felt like playing
today and I am done Oh
Groppo sweater says Rich's right Friday
the 13th is funner except when you have
ass hats working with Jason and they get
act like you're unreasonable calling
them cocksuckers El Guapo sweater that's
true that's another great reference I
was three amigos right spooky Dookie the
natural gamers one Oh Becca death trip
monarch 78 Tom TBA who says thanks for
stuff and stuff really I mean it that
stuff
David I know people the nice machine-gun
funk I always want to say David in a
pineapple David you know even I know
people is good David
yes that works good how many months for
machine gun funk for 15 months in a row
I don't know if I did but it just in
case this is a case I spoke badger for
35 fucking months and roses I nearly
pissed myself laughing during the last
wheel disc of the misfortune worst a
garbage Bravo
why do you glad you're joining those
Canadians don't know what they're asking
for they want to keep coming down here
so guys save yourself you know what
you're gonna get in front fuck sake
right it's awful
twisted Anthony we had some winners
though
last time so it's a shame shame you're
on vacation I was I was I was up in
glorious and clean and wonderful yeah my
cousin like my cousin's husband who
lives up in Canada is a big farmer and
he grew he grows all of the barley for
Lagunitas beer okay where does that his
home is filled with beer so you had a
good time I had a fantastic time why is
daddy keep falling down well like like
you know the kids were out playing with
their kids and my mom was helping get
the party ready and he didn't really
want to help and and so I was like I was
like Oh Glenn maybe you could show me
your basements maybe you know and he was
like yeah please come down there and
drink and talk there's great amazed and
confused
twitchy Brett and real means real 4:29
fucking months in a row k firt tofu hey
says hey you hack frauds first time
listener many time caller so Superman
mustache enjoy the things and the words
and the vids woo do my hide Logan I'm
whoever gets that first picture whoever
releases that first picture is gonna be
king harvey Cavell with a mustache in
the full Superman outfit it's gonna be
great I wonder what and by the way I
wonder what's gonna be tougher you know
and you know during the Wonder Woman
shoot ya gal gadot was pregnant for a
lot of it yeah and they actually had to
like paint her belly green for some
scenes so she'd have like the Wonder
Woman top on is it true this is a true
thing this is an actual true thing which
is why I like a lot of the scenes do you
remember she was wearing that cloak okay
because she was pregnant during it so
they actually had to like paint green on
her belly huh and so I wonder which is
harder getting rid of like a big body
chunk or getting rid of a big body chunk
right mustache she can do partly in
makeup I imagine for wide shot sure from
way up for wide shots even it might even
make the digital mess of it easier if
you just got some gunk in there smear
I'm just gonna make it make it look a
little bit more natural I don't I don't
know hmm what a CG clusterfuck yep
nothing's real on a screen anymore
nothing's an actual image of a thing
that was there in reality it's all done
in computers kids
she was only pregnant for she was
pregnant for the filming they had to
green-screen her belly that is a fact
what are they saying they're saying
that's not true she was only pregnant
for the reshoots either way if something
had to do the whole thing
Superman is only gonna have a mustache
for the reshoots so it's it's kind of
that's a pretty equivalent it's kind of
the same situation yeah yeah this time
it's lupus for 21 fucking months in a
row says I swear to god they're going to
find some way to push Jedi and the force
in the Han Solo movie fuck it's gonna
suck yeah I I don't want them to I don't
want I just wanted a little space
adventure Star Wars fans need this look
this isn't this isn't for me I know that
Star Wars is not for me yeah and Star
Wars fans like lightsabers and forth and
garbage you know I don't I don't know
they're like app tap I like the add up
they need a lightsaber if there's no if
there's no lightsaber in my movie right
I'm gonna watch it you know have fun
yeah have fun enjoy your Han Solo movie
that's fine I really don't care yeah
Benji 64 for 15 months in a row Darkwing
MUC this is Jack did you ever watch that
folding ideas of Fight Club you'd love
it
rich did you ever get further and
Valkyrie Chronicles III got pulled away
by other things and I haven't really
thought about it sense honestly so III
didn't see that one he just came out
with a really interesting video on
something called folding ideas
the folding ideas what they do he's like
it does essays on movies and some on I
do games apparently he just did a
written essay a video essay oh okay I
thought you liked the letter S and the
letter A like what does that stand for
now I'm realism
he does he does saturation agriculture
it's actually really fascinating it's
about how to properly moisten he did a
really interesting one on something he
called ludonarrative dissonance in
gameplay which is when a game's
mechanics don't match the game's story
yeah and he he did a comparison between
that and the Transformers movies saying
like the the woman character in the
transformer that Megan Fox and
transformers is supposed to be this like
super smart competent badass gentleman
but they keep shooting her like a dumb
slutty piece of meat yeah so that is sin
a narrative dissonance okay okay and
comparing that to Bioshock where you get
to like make decisions but not really in
the story like just kind of in the game
playing again yes it's just like a fun
little like that's a nice thing to think
about so I haven't seen his Fight Club
won though I haven't gone I did I
subscribe to my new team I haven't gone
back to watch I I have to I have to
interrupt this this intellectual
discussion about movies and I have to
read the next name of the list oh sure
Dukey rampage folding ideas go get it
get on there touch football fighting for
28 fucking months in a row and touch
football fighting says Jack rich thanks
for all the hours of entertainments
appreciate you thank you appreciate you
through hard tree oh my god I'm just up
there I don't know you're gonna keep
saying things just kind of I was kind of
trailing off rich I thought you wouldn't
finish her buy her a break yep ever
break and I jumped it you went for her
tree fucker
says make you to Amazon for supporting
these frauds so I don't have to
I'm by me for anyone who doesn't know if
you have an Amazon Prime subscription
you get to subscribe to one twitch
streamer for free and we still get money
but you don't pay anything extra
thanks Twitter we're so fucked if they
ever discontinued that's great Thank You
Amazon eat my sandwich
uncool a man for 30 three fucking months
in a row says Jack I read and really
enjoyed the book whoa on your
recommendation but I remember you saying
the other books in the series weren't
good I think worth checking out
it's not that they aren't good
it's just they aren't as good as wool
they're still very fine stories and you
will enjoy them if you loved wool which
it sounds like you did you will really
enjoy the other two books and I think
it's called like late shift and dust
maybe I forget what the other two are
called
but if you just look for the wool series
you get all three they're just not as
good as wool but wool is so good that it
kind of carry the momentum carries over
so this is a series of books it's a
series of books and we have not made a
movie I think it was optioned for a
movie ages ago
it's old its old school it's a little
well no it's not it's it's within the
last 10 years this book came out it's
written by Hugh Howey and wool is
fantastic the other two books aren't as
good but Willis so wool is so good the
momentum carries over just thinking
about that last spotlight episode
muffled town for 24 fucking months in a
row you keep teasing that John Elway's
teeth Frisco Jones for 35 fucking months
in a row Edie
boron master Keith Oh polo Diablos six
five seven who says I hope you know I
was just breaking your balls about my
name I would never expect you northern
bass hello oh that's right and Paolo
Diablo
very very self-conscious about it too
el pollo Diablo you know it looks I
guess polo would be just one el sure
they're a chicken devil we'll just call
them chicken devil check the chicken
double oh that a hunchback jack is from
my so it's wool shift and dust hunchback
Jack says not mind-blowing but worth
weed I think wool is wool is such a
well-built universe they do they do this
Hugh Howey does this amazing job of
setting up the world there and which is
an incredibly unique sci-fi post
apocalypse right
the their post-apocalyptic world is
unique and thorough and you believe it
once once he starts describing the world
they live in
you are into it will shift dust it's the
crazy chicken rich lol pollo pollo pollo
is chicken right
el is V as far as I know Diablo is devil
loco loco is crazy
yeah that's the creepy crazy insane
there could be different words for it a
local about Bobby yeah loco yeah
el pollo Diablo that's the chicken devil
yeah the chicken devil yeah uh yeah boyo
boyo Oh for crying out loud man boyo el
boyo
Diablo I shouldn't be Diablo if I was
gonna make Y sound it's two now it's two
L's and I'm sure I'm sure I'll make a
white and I'm sure when you do that in
Spanish there's like an umlaut over to
something cool yo yo yo
yeah look at Captain Muller saying two
L's equals white oh my god oh my god
here's the thing el poyo Diablo one of
these times we're gonna do it right just
gonna say the chicken devil chicken
devil or maybe then you're like fuck the
Crazy Chicken and okay now I'm just
gonna say the Crazy Chicken even I know
that's completely wrong and I'll get my
banjo out
hey crazy chicken thing could bring pen
and paper
I'm sick of being corrected if I'm gonna
be corrected I may as well get it
completely wrong boyo boyo Deputy Trojan
ziltoid 38 Len bogan and civilizations
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it true we really do it's
true we really do be the LPO talk is
really where we should play run own
better run sucks
