Jul 9, 2017
Wolfenstein 3D, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164509834
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164516402
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKfXZ81f__o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h13LSCKGfUQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/884155085152014336

[Part I]
hey rich what time do you say we're
certain I said nine Wow you you smartly
got the buffer in there absolutely I
smart very smartly put the buffer in
there live we're live hi everybody
welcome old school we did we did the new
Wolfenstein yeah there's the old one and
here's the oh look at that that's awful
you're drifting I know I am why are you
drifting oh you know what okay that's
off now well now I bet it has something
to do with the controller still being
100 my microphone is falling yeah I'm
gonna plug the thing yep
there we go I bet the controller was
like tilted the controller was like
tilted slightly probably there we go
everything's fine everything's fine
stream ruined no I fixed it I did it I
did it first all right that doesn't even
hey by the way that doesn't even count
as a technical glitch because we if the
issue is fixed within I'll say one
minute of any technical glitch that does
not count for you bingo players that's
just reasonable that's reasonable if we
fix the glitch within one minute of
discovering the glitch it is not a
technical issue boom
hi hi welcome everybody welcome to this
dream look at this old Wolfenstein do
you need to aim at them think that you
Nazi dogs it's very gray what's very
great Wolfenstein No
look at all these bright colors it's
great great there's somebody being
sarcastic
let's go cage says I beg you anything
but Friday the 13th the game it's so
boring and horrible you're so wrong you
are so wrong great streams with that
game I mean you're just wrong we've had
a great time playing it I found it like
one of the read one of the many reasons
for the delay of the episode was because
I have to jump in game to like grab a
clip or something specific because it's
so fucking good so we're going classic
it's a little weird a little different
this time but man I love I am in love
with credit 15 I'm in a renaissance
right now I just want to play it I'm
really glad you had an idea to play this
tonight or else I would have
I was close to that myself yeah
oh I know beefcake I'm not even gonna
bring that up now I'm freakin curious
yeah we'll talk about it
what year was this game released that's
a great question 1991
I believe that saying a lot of 91 92 for
its time this was mind-blowing this 3d
game yeah where the camera was like your
eyes yeah this was such an amazing
concept this was the first right yeah
yeah well yeah I know like there's
there's some proto woman some like
adventure games or something really like
it was kind of first-person go yeah yeah
this is the first first-person shooting
it before they were called in they're
still working for a company called soft
discs oh yeah it made something called
something catacombs 3d oh yeah yeah I
had those I had those box when I was a
kid I found them at like up a garage
sale or some fucking place and I thought
ah these are some cheap Wolfenstein
knock-offs
hit him in the fucking box if I kept
those this is probably worth something
that would be I have no idea where the
fuck they are oh they're gone but I I
owned the catacomb 3d games in the
fucking box they came in I love so
someone looks at up on Wikipedia May 2nd
1992 May 5th at 1992 yes
hunchback jack is saying I played the
previous Wolfenstein games and they were
Isaac like top-down rogue like that's
amazing that's great so uh but in any
case Friday the 13th the episode is done
it is fully uploaded to YouTube one time
we're done with the stream I need to
make the thumbnail yeah I have yet to
make the thumbnail but the a/v Friday
the 13th the episode is up 45 minutes
45 45 fuckin minutes long for us it's a
long one but I think it's oh look at
that look at how purple that is so you
have 45 minutes of us talking about
Friday 113 lots talk about
will you guys ever played player
unknowns battleground and then you know
what the fuck it is to be honest with
you I know the name but that's it I have
not looked into it that much I know
that's a it's a very popular game is all
I can tell you I've heard the name but I
don't know maybe but I don't know Friday
the 13th is twitch streamer date the
game well sure here's your twitch
streamers one work twitch streamers - oh
darn a game that invites itself to fun
and interesting situations oh you got me
yeah or that fun thing that happened on
such twitch bait Oh unique and exciting
things happen in this game doll get out
get out of town
yeah right out of town the full color
ceiling makes it look like there is no
ceiling yeah that's we hope you can't
stab some dogs
unique and exciting captain mythic are
you telling me rich driving a stake
backwards circle around Jason was not
unique and exciting was there one Friday
the 13th stream where we did not have a
good clippable moment right this is what
I'm saying is one thing remember all
dogs go to heaven not nazi dogs they
don't go to heaven it chose to serve
Hitler yep they can all fucking die and
dog jesus knows it too he's got a list
not all dogs go to heaven a special
place in hell reserved for Hitler's dog
yep
they kill the dog when he killed himself
wasn't I hope part of the whole Ava
Brown herself and their dog Oh their dog
was in the bunker I think so always I
don't know yeah but really like this dog
is just a dog
Nazi dog I don't care
yeah he right no I mean fucking Nazi dog
here's the thing you know me I barely
have any sympathy towards any animal
like I'm not gonna have extra sympathy
towards not see how difficult this game
could be what it wants and I've been
playing it but I've been playing like a
source port and like the doom engine not
Oh
lassic this is still a source for but as
a source port built for Wolfenstein
uh-huh so it's staying faithful yeah
original experience yeah yeah no
sympathy for brisket none no no listen I
I enjoy biscuit biscuit is a fine cat
also a useless cat though by the way we
had a mouse in our house and you know
occasionally we get mice but like they
always come in the same way and so like
he would have got him if you didn't step
in no there was a mouse upstairs in the
same spot twice it was under a house a
different one there's a different one it
was under a hamper I lift up the hamper
and there's just a mouse there biscuit
is six inches away from the mouse just
looks at it the mouse of the mouse goes
into a into an air vent
two days later I go back upstairs and
biscuit is freaking out again he looked
up the hamper the mouse is there again
and biscuit does nothing useless gosh
darn
okay I mean you know I'm not he's not a
word biscuit is not a work cat you know
he's a he's a lovely cat because he is
soft and he is sociable when people come
over my cat does not flee it just rolls
over and lets everyone like had its
ballot yourself it's good in that it's
good and biscuits good in that I will
probably have no sympathy so we playing
for percentages here just to get through
the game right just to get through the
game I mean how long will take Oh Shep
assad's there's a lot of this game okay
then get as far as you can mine leavin
yep starting jack we're starting why are
you restarting
wait what's what's going on nothing
nothing I'm gonna I'm not going for
getting all the suit I'm just killing
everything yeah yeah kill all the things
getting through quickly that's the new
plan okay cool are we doing homecoming
discussions tonight we don't know both
rigid own element I'll tell you this
much I kind of like it a lot I like it I
love it I love it
we'll generally talk spoiler-free
tonight maybe tomorrow at the end of the
streamlet will make a cut-off and do all
this boiling talk I really enjoyed it I
doubt I thought it was it was the most
faithful adaptation of Peter party yes
that I have seen on screen no a no
disrespect to sam raimi I will defend
the Sam Raimi spider-man but this this
is more Peter Parker then we have ever
gotten before seen people online like
who was the boater spider-man a lot
people will Toby was the best Peter
Parker but Andrew Garfield was the best
spider-man no they're the same character
Peter Parker ends but Peter Parker is
spider-man yes
spider-man is Peter Parker with a mask
over his face yes if you're if you're
doing the character right to the same
character oh sure well and that's why I
like I will I will forever defend the
Sam Raimi's spider-man because like
that's where he was going with the
character and I think Toby played that
character very well some people don't
like yeah the character but I think he
played it really well and that was the
direction it went this new kid tom
hollander nails it across the board
every every little part of it
I haven't seen sweaty yet and scrambling
for reasons to watch it it's very good I
good I'm okay Tyler this cuz this is all
spoiler free here yeah I I was not
excited at all going in that's true you
said that I haven't been to a comic
store and over like a decade that's
point I haven't bought a comic book and
like over ten years yeah yeah I did not
really care either and every booting it
again at time time I'll he looks looks
fine he'll be he'll be great I move
you'll be able to fine yeah I loved
every second of the movie I was filled
with joy and Wonder mm yeah and it
wasn't joy and Wonder at the amazing
action scenes it was joy and Wonder in
the character being enjoyable
yeah and fun just and you know in fact
so the action seems like there was
nothing necessarily spectacular action
wise no we both did the movie is very
with up with the plot with the action
very deliberately down-to-earth yes
amazingly diary low-key but you get so
caught up in Peter Parker's teenage
drama and that's fuckin spider-man
because they did it they did it right
it's not about the save the world
what's a village blah it's about Peter
Parker's life being disrupted because he
keeps trying to be the superhero exactly
Oh exactly
and nailed it and then nailed it
so I mean yeah that's we like I said we
won't go too deep into it just because
we don't want to accidentally get into
spoiler territory but actually rich and
I unknowingly saw it together by
accident
quite by accident what was it experience
like huh everyone wants to know what
it's like to hear rich Evans laugh in a
theatre oh ok so yeah like for any new
movie if I take my kids to it yeah I try
to go to the earliest weekday screening
I can and that way like you know like
I'm not that way I'm not ruining
anyone's nights cuz like my kids are
very good in theater yeah but just in
case like I don't want to go till I I
don't want to ruin someone's date night
so you know so we went to a early Friday
morning screening spider-man and all of
a sudden and like I thought I heard it
earlier but you know like some people
just have higher pitch left and then and
then it was at it was right at the it
was at the end there was it there was a
bigger laugh and I definitely heard and
I was like Rich's in here somewhere
but it was like a ten am moving I'm like
rich doesn't get up this early why would
I be going to a really screening of the
film yeah well then I figured yeah yeah
it all it all started clicking together
and then I saw the free ray I know you
and then and then Mike ran away as fast
as he could because I shouted in the
right
recognized I know I know and so that it
was understandable Lisa was very good
I did I stood up and I said rich Evans
there's rich Evans I know you so know
yeah it took it took the kids and the
wife to see the movie and everyone had a
great time you know I go there was lots
of cussing there's plenty of custom in
the movie and at least one reference to
pornography with a pool which made my
children very goo Goo's your father
spider-man yeah well but but everything
made sense
Ned his friend character who we've seen
in the trailers great Michelle Michelle
Michelle that we won't get into anything
Michelle was all like always funny I
loved her and everything like yep I
loved her bit I liked it a lot
everything's good Michael Keaton's
Michael Keaton I mean he's gonna be good
he's Mike repeat everything's good
we'll probably do spoiler discussion on
Wednesday cinnamon we won't we won't get
too into it just that we both really
liked it I like I'm I'm clamoring to see
it again
this is one of the few times I want to
see a movie a second time yeah in the
theater yeah yeah yeah and I didn't
think I would give a shit that's you
that you went in super negative I went
in super hyped and I wasn't super blah
and we're doing this again
you know my attitude was we're doing
this again it seems to me that's going
in negative one well then I get me
that's the moral story you went in blah
and were and were and and were converted
I went in hype and my hype was met so
die fucking Nazi kill all the fucking
Nazis my turds are green says I would
like to pretend that the vulture is the
same character as Michael Keaton from
Birdman
did you receive burger
I haven't seen it it's alright it's not
bad
thank you that that would be very funny
I don't want to get too into it but
everything was good
why didn't you go see baby driver
instead I couldn't take my children to
go see baby driver
I was upset when I found out Mike and J
would to see baby driver without me they
don't really know I would be interested
no I know it's like really you doing the
spider-man and and you're not gonna ask
me to be a part of the but you're gonna
ask me to be part of half the episode I
would have liked to have seen the movie
you're the comic-book person even though
you haven't read a comic book in the
decade I'm sure baby Dre I mean I have
enjoyed it all of Edgar Wright's movies
I have no doubt that I will enjoy baby I
don't know if I'll go up I'll get a
chance before it comes to video
crane hand crisis as someone from ATL
baby driver was a TLS clunker Atlanta
ATL my favorite Simon Pegg
Edgar Wright film probably Hot Fuss yeah
definitely hot folks I actually you know
what I'm gonna take back I've enjoyed
all about your iTunes cuz I actually did
not much care for the world no I didn't
either that was in the yeah yeah that's
that's how I'm feeling about the world
zone you know it's been on my list to
rewatch forever is Scott Pilgrim vs. the
world never seen I remember really
enjoying it when it came out and I've
just never gotten around to rewatching
it like I want to I want to know if it
holds up now that I'm a little bit older
a lot of people are agreeing that
World's End
like I remember like my first watch I'm
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world I was it was
just so exciting the visual style of it
is clean and different it's so well
thought out and I wonder if once you're
removed from the video the spectacle of
the style for the first time if the
movies right now but the first time 3d
is deliberate I you as hell fast and is
a concern I'm using that fucking chain
gun you know
all right what are we go sorry I've been
missing a lot of your tips crane heads
me to Christ says I recently learned
that in software is located down the
street from my house so I drove over
there to check it out I was most excited
to see a nondescript office building as
anyone could be is that like the current
officers head they have moved in recent
years I'm amazed it's not really the
same it anymore sure first of all your
knife is adorable
they're in Dallas yeah
you can see that that noclip interview
with with John I don't know why I
haven't washed it yet he lives in like
Ireland and it started like a little
party he started like a little like game
space studio over in Ireland and like a
lot of the interview is just him going
through his house and looking through
all of his old collectibles it's really
it's really great mind even you'd I did
I still haven't seen mostly because I
don't care about they they just no clip
no clips the most recent documentary is
a three parter on the most recent Final
Fantasy game and apparently it's a now
and it's very good ideas don't care
about final fantasy but I want to i've
also I have cared about this for the
battles all of the games they have made
documentaries on the first I just wonder
if they could suck me in like just
always an interesting documentary about
a game I don't care you know
maybe oh not the most recent one the MMO
one final fantasy xiv
the dock is on 14 the MMO that failed
and then relaunched okay thanks Janice
hey Wow get my butt kicked getting the
bug kick yeah I see that
Chuck Fox says hello Jack and rich my
favorite part of spider-man homecoming
was when redacted goes to redacted width
and gets his redacted redacted
afterwards redacted fucking redacted Wow
yeah yeah we agree checkbox to max in
120s is a rich in Jack please discuss
the Dom DeLuise story Mike and Rich came
up with in best of the worst a year ago
because it is fantastic also consider
there's nothing to discuss that's all
just off the cuff improv yeah and there
were other people there to helping add
to the Dom DeLuise story kinda like a
fucking chop to the world
ya know there's no bike it's not like we
were discussing Dom DeLuise outside
there's not like it's not like before we
go I got this great idea for his dumb
Toulouse bit okay okay like yeah we
write it down like okay yeah oh yeah
like maybe someone sticks his dick in a
fat fold and it gets pretty I like it I
like going there
spider-man spoiler discussion is
Wednesday we'll do that Wednesday give
people a couple more days to see it I
can only assume literally any second now
Jays gonna hit public on a half in the
bag you guys let us know when that
happens yep I'm kind of curious
let's see also consider one of one or
all of these Sam Raimi spider-man movies
formulating view now I don't like them
that much well you know what that would
have been an interesting one for you and
I to do before this came out but now I
don't I don't have enough to say about
it
oh just cuz he didn't like it yeah all
right not even enough to spark totally I
don't like it that much and I like Toby
that much there you go you like it
that's fun you just don't care yeah just
don't care that much that's okay
homecoming it actually feels like I'm
watching a spider-man story yeah yeah
and like before that Spiderman tubes at
the bar for me because like a lot of
spider-man 2 is just him dealing a
personal shit but you know Sam Raimi
handled it
err well to be fair the best part of any
Sam Raimi movie that's just that's just
silence
you know the damage one episode of the
TV series can do I haven't thought about
ash vs. Evil Dead II like season 3 I
have not thought about it at all what
dude season 3 it's just not it's gone
it's gone I haven't thought about it
until you just mentioned it right there
one one bad episode to be fair it was a
really bad episode and it was a really
bad episode and it was the the the taste
left in our mouth right like that's how
they finished with it doesn't matter how
good the entire cake is if afterwards
all you taste is shit it's the journey
is the journey it's the journey no the
journey is so important it's the journey
what about the journey how about the
journey
huh journey all that matters is the
journey
how about the journey not know I not if
you're going to a shitty destination I
guess the journey but really it's really
about the journey well kind of can it be
about both
I like that don't stop me then I don't
know any other words I just don't know
that much about journey
he is a great band and maybe I don't
anonymous says hey it records if you're
playing Wolfenstein the new order also
check out the prequel game they released
called
the old habit we play it right we didn't
play that one but I have it steal
support
oh it's very light on story no cinematic
cutscenes more action focus that there
we go yeah I've completely given up on
the new order just because I can't stand
this
okay come on man 586 is hi rich and Jack
big fan of all things are LM just wanted
to thank you guys for introducing me to
several great game next time and FTL our
hours of entertainment
I'd never discover without you you're
welcome these are some great ones
fucking FTL man ft mother fucking hell I
haven't heard anything about their new
game well they just got announced like a
couple months ago you know they like
usually like it's good to spoon-feed
apparently a month ago was it a month
even though they relieved they released
the the trailer before we're talking
about the new mexico no the the new game
from the FTL oh no I remember what
you're talking about just I thought
you're talking about XCOM know that
they've been doling out information I
just haven't heard anything about this
movie
mara mara says so Wednesday is
spider-man spoilers and the end is nigh
yes that is probably what's going to
happen for those are doing the end is
nigh is the new game friend of the show
Edmund McMillen rich voices probably be
playing better no god no there's no way
they're like it would be hard for us to
review it even if you weren't doing the
episode just because we have like spend
time chatting
this is sad noises don't ya show you the
map
into the breach was the game from the
FTL God revealed back in Finland yeah
and I haven't heard what from it since
it we're going to search Google okay
Wolfenstein 3d maps for the game facts
okay we could we could if you want we
could probably put this on the screen to
show other people if you want it might
not be that interesting but you talking
about secret within a secret ah stupid
laptop
I I remember this labyrinth when I was a
kid another on game FAQ to use a game
FAQ page give me give me give me give me
give me give me give me give me give me
super rude give me give me give me one
of the other reasons why the Friday the
13th review is so late is because I've
picked up some some extra work and I've
quite possibly overbooked myself some of
that extra work is I'm cutting together
a gameplay trailer for the end is nigh
which will come out on release day and
it's taking a little bit longer than
expected who cuts together the trailer
even though it's a fairly simple trailer
button so took took me took me a while
to find the right directions and episode
2 I think it's nice
Oh God I've got a friend this quick I
mean you made a big deal out of
gimmi gimmi gimmi laptop project Hornet
is still moving forward project Hornet
is now in the hands of Oh bother
how well can you see you see those
little green tiles yeah those little
green tiles are all secret doors shut up
so you go like that's great
uh-huh that's a but that's exactly what
you do when you make a game like there's
just a fuck with people well I think at
the end there's like called this number
you feelin card Callard though something
something I'd boom yeah that's great
that's great I know it's the same you
don't get an in-game map in classic
Wolfenstein that you can look at to see
what you've explored if I remember right
I could be remembering that wrong but I
think you just you're fumbling around
there in the dark Jack Lloyd beads yes
the Prix represents for Friday the 13th
actually I'll probably post it live when
I get home I still need to make the
thumbnail for for YouTube but it is I
just uploaded it today it is done
uploading and I all I need to do is make
the thumbnail and you know put the
description and whatnot so depending on
when I know there's an upcoming half in
the bag episode if that goes live
tonight I won't be shocked huh I won't
be shocked I I'm surprised it's not up
already I yeah so if that goes live
tonight I'll wait until tomorrow to pose
Friday the 13th episode and if it
doesn't I'll post it tonight as soon as
I can't you do that now I could I can
actually like that's what I was thinking
about stuff to do I was like oh you know
what I'll bring my laptop in and we
could do some Photoshop tutorial make
the thumbnails but honestly just doesn't
take them
give me like five minutes right so I
just wouldn't that wouldn't kill enough
time so excited for doom fist in
overwatch yeah he looks like an
interesting character
he's another he's another melee and like
a vine notch with his ham up so you know
and he does have a gun but you know like
there de-emphasizing his little shotgun
first and he just has a big big-ass fist
and you know he can he can like do an
uppercut which is like a big jump for
him and then he can run through a falcon
punch so he can get to places he's a big
guy and he looks interesting I I II just
entered the player test region which is
kind of like their their open beta
before they test new levels and new
characters I don't I don't play PTR
because I like to wait until so they say
it's done before playing it
fucking Nazi fucking Nazi fucking Nazis
fuckin Nazis I I heard that hates game
that Terry Crews wanted wanted to do the
voice to that to doom fists and he isn't
he is a large muscular black man doom
fist so Terry Clark to wait I saved I
saved earlier yeah you over wrote the
last one I saved on floor fool I'm back
on to this is son of a bitch oh so
they're saying actually you didn't you
didn't say I would do the thing I
brought it up obviously I didn't know it
would be there but must have failed they
had a button or something maybe that
makes me unhappy I'm sorry
long time for Friday the 13th listen
it's taking quite literally 100% of my
willpower to not play Friday 13 and
depending on how awake I am when I get
home I will probably play it
what does the chat wanna say no I I have
seen more people in chat happy that
we're not take a poll take a pull of it
then the numbers will play out the
numbers will play out if that's the case
what if they don't want to see Friday
the 13th
you guys are spamming f13 and go to just
play play this how long we haven't we're
just for a bit I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna give up on this no I'm just saying
I want at least an hour of wolf ins yeah
because that's a nice I like Wolfenstein
yeah at least an hour well because you
know because it was a late stream I
didn't want to like bring my computer
and take all that extra time for us to
do on our killing I can't bring myself
to play on
can i play daddy difficulty oh yeah I
can't bring myself to do that no I have
I have enough pride just enough just
enough not a shocking amount right you
know I had a great experience I had
that's every time that game gets played
pretty amazing happens I had I'd spawned
really close to Jason's Shack and I was
I was the nerdy fucking I bet I bet he's
out like rats right now so I quit hopped
in there grab the sweater and hid behind
a rock and then Jason shows up and he
looks around and he can't find it
because his uh his sense hadn't hadn't
spawned yet yeah so the new leaves and I
got the sweater I noticed people were
pumping pretty hard I was like so I
started talking with people I find a
little group I find a little group he
was like hey guys I see you guys are
hitting Jason pretty hard you wanna go
for a Jason kill I got the sweater
already and they're like alright how do
we do a Jason feel like they had never
he got hurt so I lay it out for them and
you know like I think at this point like
Jason was chasing a car far away so like
he was he was no anything like okay
here's we gotta do we have to beat on
him enough to knock his mask off as soon
as his mask is off I need to press a
button to stun him with my sweater after
I do that
someone needs to hit him with a baseball
bat to not compose means after that
Tommy Jarvis needs to hit it with a
machete and the people in check oh no
really how do you kill Jason and I'm
like I swear to you this is how you do
it
it's purposefully convoluted and very
difficult and it was like this sounds it
sounds like you're you're you're playing
a joke on us now let's do it and we
failed of course because it's a really
difficult but
Jack you are a liar you have only played
10 hours of Friday the 13th since last
stream I know and that 10 hours should
have been kissed two kids how much time
do you think somebody went to kids has
to play video games
done no like and that 10 hours should
have been spent editing the episode it
should have been spent working on the
end is nigh trailer it should have been
spent working on the two other projects
I'm currently doing because you know I
haven't you know yeah I have kids I have
another job like I should have spent
that 10 hours doing anything else but I
spend to do playing Friday 13th because
I think it's that guys three kids no
well no I have to
well if you count biscuit but biscuit
doesn't take a lot of work but but it
got a cut it gets extra dicing sometimes
when I need us to stick a clip in it's
like I'll just go back into the game and
you know try to get someone to kill me
in this specific way because I really
want I really want you know a spear a
spear through the head clip oh well okay
I got it this time but maybe I could
just stick around it seems like a good
group oh yeah don't forget to save oh
right right did that not overwrite save
save at this position yes dated by Oh
that looks like where we are all right
all right we're we are saved presumably
are doing a straw poll
it seems like people are ok yeah
with Friday the 13th yeah no I mean I'm
okay with it too because it makes for
good Street it always does
yes Gavin on Wednesday stream usually
what we'll do for like spoiler if
extremes is like let's say we start to
stream at 6 o'clock yeah well then we'll
say ok after 8 o'clock it'll be all
spoiler yeah for spider-man like we'll
still give a couple hours or as much
time as we can to non spoiler talk and
then yes we will make sure we say hey
super spoilers and all that but we'll
we'll give it time so don't worry still
come to the stream talk just as vaguely
as possible no spoilers loved it loved
it
me as what I loved it I I'm actually
like I I would be willing to pay a
babysitter to go see it again in the
theaters like see you know my kids are
good in movie theatres but still in the
back of my head like they're there right
like I can't 100% Folies if you're a fan
of the comic books this is the first
time we have really seen a Spider Man
here absolutely especially the the
ultimate series this look this was very
yeah this was very Bendis Bagley early
ultimate spider-man which I really
enjoyed I have one noteworthy thing to
say about it but it fears into spoiler
territory I think I know what you're
talking about I think we talked about a
little bit after the movie and it's it's
it's more so something that's different
more so than something that's terrible
or bad or doesn't work it just well they
took this is a different direction
oh yeah no and I think that that that
will lead to a really good conversation
and someone was someone was asking like
what's particularly noteworthy or
different about the film that we're so
worried about spoilers and it's it's you
haven't seen a film you don't want to
hear anything right right the sometimes
sometimes in fact often the less you
know about a movie
the better that movie-going experience
that's why we're trying to be as vague
as possible like you know it's just
fucking polite it's one it's just polite
you know
blah Bendis that douche gave us Williams
I don't know who listened been deceased
it got old after a while
Bendis I I want to say currently Bendis
is writing 87 comic books that man
writes so much that not everything is
going to be gold the first the first
year and a half to two years of ultimate
spider-man yeah fantastic and then he
just he became Brian Bendis sees
everything it's the most dramatic thing
that's ever happened to every every
fucking story arc was a more fucking
melodrama than you could shake a stick
at and ultimate spider-man was no longer
fun to read it became it sure became
miserable well be like the whole thing
is like we're ramping up everything and
we've ramped up everything so much and
fuck it we got I guess we got to do the
Clone Saga already because we're ramping
up when we fuck things up isn't just
about the lows spider-man's it's a
roller coaster it's the ups and the
downs of Peter Parker's life but yeah
after after your two ultimate spider-man
straight downhill all the time it's so
miserable and so dramatic everybody
Peter Parker ever knew or loved is now
dead and now so is Peter Parker they say
your Grandpa's melodrama his human
misery is unbearable
sure Peter Parker's parents are dead but
maybe they were evil scientists which
say she died and now she's a blood
monster
let's not forgot about that that's true
yeah that turned ones dead when Stacey
into the blood pastor Gwen Stacy fucking
carnage yeah
Jesus crazy you know miserable it did it
did it did i I stuck through it through
the full Bendis bag I made the full
benders mega run I'm not saying I
enjoyed it I'm saying I stuck through it
I want to say it was a hundred and
twelve issues which is the longest
artists writer collaboration in comic
book history no I want to say that's
true I want to say I've read that
somewhere
Dave Dave sim and the guy who did the
backgrounds in Cerebus has to have that
beat Gerard they have to have that beat
it was the longest for Marvel maybe the
longest remark it beat it beats Stan Lee
and Jack Kirby's run on Fantastic Four
okay but I don't I don't think it beats
service and that whatever 200 issues it
was when he was working with his
background artists is that background
artists different than a minister yeah
if they the service they head to this
really weird thing where Dave's him I
guess just wasn't good at or didn't like
doing background so Dave some would
write it but he would draw the
characters and then this other guy would
come in and draw literally everything
else it was fucking beautiful okay
beautiful and highly detailed with his
with his cartoon characters in that
world okay rich is talking about the
comic books Cerebus and so I guess
technically that's still right a writer
artists collaboration I was talking
about the Brian Bendis Mark Bagley run
of ultimate spider-man which I had read
was the longest writer artist
collaboration but that could have just
been in Marvel history and what about
what about just somebody who's doing it
all of them sound like Savage Dragon
they're in like the one 50s now but it's
just one guy doing the art and the
writing right but that's not a
collaboration no it's not it's not this
is one guy doing the doing I understand
that's true I heard that Stanley's wife
Joan that story Oh
at 95 after 70 years of marriage
amazing amazing
that's usually the especially how this
works with older couples it's usually
the trend unfortunately sweet some way
these couple old couples can't go on
without each other no and you know like
it's it's been really fun reading like
some of those in the behind the scene
the story with her where you know
apparently Stan was already 2 to quit
writing comics marvel you know he was
done he didn't like what he was doing
and it was Joan that convinced him just
like you know what you you hate this
because you're not doing your ideas just
make whatever you feel like making and
that's when he created the fantastic
which kind of changed how Marvel did the
business and you know created the
legends made Marvel marvel right so so
you know she is she's directly
responsible for how we know comic books
today
it's true phantasm horse started at all
not it at all
put their boring pits I think I do I
don't I don't much care for the
Fantastic Four and that's okay you don't
have to behind every great man that's
true at least in salmon's let's see
Captain America into a Nazi oh right I
have I'd like I'm not reading that
particular universe you name is Jewish
so that's like Jack Kirby's oh that's
like a double kick to the nuts we're
turning your Nazi slaying badass into a
Nazi sorry not sorry
sorry jack you know what I'm sure it's
sold like ten more issues because of the
controversy so that's all we care about
oh yeah yeah a Nazi I thought he was
just part of Hydra notes that's what
Hydra is you can try and distance Hydra
from that all you want there's this nice
sorry I'm sorry
there is oh no their people are saying
no it's sold like shit well great
get your shit together
get your shit right together then they
turn that storyline part of some kind of
mega crossover event was that when the
universe exploded no I don't you know
what watch me like I read several Marvel
comic books right now and I have trouble
keeping track of who's in what universe
I'll be honest all I know is a while
back the world exploded and some people
were saved and some people weren't and
Marvel's 40 years 50 year old continuity
is now dead yeah there there DC fucking
it up
but new Marvel is still shit yeah I
don't know which one is which you know I
tried to read cuz you know I still read
miss Marvel which I still really enjoy
her folks and I picked up a few books
here that and miss Marvel is in a new
group called the champions it's miss
Marvel Miles Morales spider-man Nova kid
no Asian Hulk and the vision star Asian
Hulk is weird he's you know a genius and
the fact that he can like he's still
smart when he's the Hulk and he can turn
back and forth I don't quite get his
shtick yet but I've only read him in the
champions and it would like to me it was
an interesting premise she left she left
to the Avengers because she was sick of
fighting the bad guys and then leaving
the mess yeah for the neighborhood she's
like fuck you guys I'm gonna start my
own team where you know we stick around
to clean up our mess that's like oh I
like this idea she's like we're gonna
worry you know we're not gonna be so
concerned with punching the guy as we
are changing the world and then you read
a couple issues and you realize that you
kind of like them when they punch the
guys I was like hey can you maybe punch
punch some of the guys maybe
it does with a Badman for me it's all
it's also like it if it feels truly
exploitative it's just poor I think it's
poor Lutheran is the problem so I have
not enjoyed right leftover beef kick
like you're gonna use diplomacy to
resolve our conflicts but then you
realize though it's a comic book and I
kind of want people to punch other
people in Bigley exciting ways that's
that's part of the fun to it you can
have both in any case so I'm slightly up
on the current Marvel Universe but then
you know what-what earth are you on yep
Gary
spider-gwen have you heard of this
spider girl she just did a whole thing
where she was jumping jumping through
different hurts and like it's perfectly
normal for her I don't get it Peter
Parker still a billionaire industrial
model now yes okay how's that working is
that fun is that good not really like
it's it's really hard to sympathize with
spider-man now that and that now that
instead of instead of like trying to
bounce fighting crime and paying your
rent he's trying to bounce fighting
crime and doing paperwork yeah you know
it kind of takes a little bit of the
away from what I've always enjoyed about
spider-man which is the fact that he's
the underdog now that he only have Miles
Morales now so Parker's redundant and by
the way I'm perfectly like that's why I
like last forever that's why I like Miss
marvel
I like the underdog and so not him like
having a bunch of resources and
technology and manpower at his disposal
takes away a little bit of his I'll be
honest with you
where's the key he's Tony yeah he's kind
of Tony Stark which is fair because Tony
Stark is now trapped inside of a
computer at the moment he's trapped
inside of a computer that's worn by a
small bracket well no he's just trapped
inside of like computer but he was in
her suit well he's you know part of the
computer network
that's so he's in the student it's
funnier to say that he's in a suit
that's what I just did
oh it sounds so absurd that it's funnier
so you know what and I thought you were
asking a legitimate question no no no no
I'm just trying to make it sound goofy
sorry I ruined that and everyone I'm
sorry Tony Stark is an ADD yeah like he
died he died but he's it really just
trapped inside of him
look it's not a good time to be a
classic Marvel character nope
now they're having a shit run at the
moment Marvel wants to get all those old
white guys out of it they're the wrong
skin color try to change it up a bit
Morrow Morrow say like hey maybe we can
I don't mind
adding the new I just don't think you
need a shit on the old but well you
don't need to shit on the older what
what needs to happen is there's no room
for the new if the oldest still erupted
in America is a Nazi they're not
shitting on the OL oh all right there
you got one case where the shitting em
huh
you need you need a room for the news is
the point and so then do you just end
the old you could have camp summer comes
looking then I have another new hero
good I'm color the eye I think this is
Marvel trying to have their cake and eat
it too and it's not quite working out
just have the old characters you know
retire or the god adventures with the
new characters to do that - you could do
that - this isn't rocket science
you know quite often before civil war
part 2 Captain Marvel former Miss Marvel
would often come out and hang out super
stuff right it can be done I am agreeing
with her team now we better shoot Bruce
Banner in the head that's what happened
in the Ultimate Universe is Peter Parker
just straight-up died yes yeah and then
and then Aunt May
made me glad I stopped reading yeah then
Aunt May gave his web-shooters to Miles
Morales but then it's okay because that
universe exploded but Miles Morales
jumped our job says old cranky men
whining about a market that's becoming
stale trying new things I'm in for I'm
in favor of the new things look I
haven't read a comic will continue I
don't really care that much right we're
just we're talking about it we're just
we're just having a discussion and it's
cool guys it's cool everybody be quick
Aunt May aka the Silver Streak er yes
where's the geriatric cool where let's
have the Silver Streak er Baker make it
happen people hashtag Silver Streak er
the ants I'm at University like I say
exploded but I just I don't think it's
around anymore
don't think your use of explosions is
that oh yeah yeah well then there you go
they did the exact same thing crisis on
Infinite Earths to all of the Marvel
multiverse got destroyed one by one it's
the exact same storyline of crisis on
Infinite Earths shit except for it
didn't because all the other earths are
there are still alright in Marvel yeah I
don't know how Secret Wars ended that's
all it all sucks it all sucks except for
when it does
I'm really enjoying something that I
picked up for my kids because I thought
they would enjoy his moon girl and devil
dinosaur and I've been reading it and
it's adorable it's about a little girl
who's the genius that befriends a big
fucking dinosaur
she's like low-rent Tony Stark like she
has little inventions and shit yeah and
like she just say if she hangs out with
a with a dinosaur and they go on
adventures and it's like this is great
this is great so I've enjoying that
yeah she's data from the Goonies like
how you had all those little like
confessions so she like she's a super
genius and she has a bunch of
contraptions and then she meets a
dinosaur who we like traveling from the
past and a group of cavemen who came
traveling from the past with the
dinosaur started a caveman gang in the
in New York in the head stop right
exactly it was great no totally I saved
him floor six
or five
Wolverine he might be dead I don't know
there's a website called is Wolverine
still dead question mark and the website
it just exists to keep track of whether
or not Wolverine is still dead if you go
there the website currently says yes
Wolverine is still dead but is he yes
yes like I said it's not a good time to
be the old gang and in Marvel his
Wolverine dead calm first of all he's
not the moral center of the Marvel
Universe I think this is hyperbole going
on there deliberately he's been dead for
143 weeks
once they come up a while ago today yeah
shit that's how out of touch time
I love it I love it that that's a
website
this game has dogs yeah it has Nazi
fucking dog the same guy who made the
website did DC do something stupid today
and it doesn't you say yes
I think it says it's currently been 61
days since DC has done something stupid
today has DC done something stupid today
dot-com let's see here
DC is at an all-time record of a hundred
and twenty seven days without doing
something stupid
127 that's what that's at today let's
see what did they do stupid writer made
a bad tweet
when there's some kind of sexual
harassment scandal going on with these
things Jesus that might be what the
tweet is related to that could be yeah
apparently a writer and made a dumb
tweet and that was the last thing DC did
something sue that's not so bad
good on you jack is still an Internet
novice though there's just so much
internet people so much of it Oh Jack
that is the record oh I go so the 127
days was the record there at 61 days
currently now what do they do so what do
they do stupid so the last let's see
here the last thing they did with that
was something stupid was Nightwing the
new order
the titular character Nightwing will
command an army tasked with hunting down
the last of the remaining superheroes
there you go
stupid found a Marvel version of doing
something stupid yeah
Jack according to that site Batman and
Batgirl have a sex scene in The Killing
Joke yes that that was that was
something incredibly stupid that DC did
yeah Barbara Gordon Bruce Wayne totally
get it on in The Killing Joke animated
movie he's really hard to sympathize
with Batman yeah like like it's like a
teacher fucking one of the students
that's not cool man
not cool at all
yes this is true this is a true thing
that happened in me and the animated The
Killing Joke movie and then they tried
to explain it away in the worst fashion
possible now I'm giving her giving her
more Karen Mark Hamill did do the Joker
voice unrelated to the creepy
Batgirl sex in right I mean I'm sure he
read the script beforehand so true he
just wanted to do the killer choking his
vocal cords aren't gonna last forever
maybe someone can take those words and
animate it better yep that's the hope
that's the hope look you have the raw
material now yeah that's the important
thing
hang on to those recordings and give it
to it you know the team of animators
that aren't on a budget of $12 they'll
be good to go
everyone yell at me to save every level
yell at me save let's see what we got
here we have a crane hand Christ says
what did you guys think of Sam rain was
dragging to help haven't seen him
haven't thought it was nice that he
could do something of the cool that he
could come off the claustrophobic
spider-man 3 and make another great film
I think at this I mean Sam Raimi could
make a good horror film into sleep at
this yeah I didn't see it I'm a fan of
his and just never got around to it
unfortunately anonymous says hey little
rich I'm a big fan of them as big a fan
of stealth as you are my favorite series
happens to be Splinter Cell and I've
never seen you mention it have you
played it and always seemed like the
linear thief
the lizard isn't Splinter so very it's
very linear yeah yes I played him
they're fine like here's the hallway and
this is the call of the alcove you have
to hide in so the Indians it's all it's
all very planned out how you get through
and it's not more open-ended that's what
I remember from swingers yeah and and
the guards are very
see your frog water says hey Jack thank
you for the inadvertent recommendation
of a Love Supreme
that you mean the jazz up checkout inner
spellers interstellar space sometimes a
palpable by comparison
also you'll have to speak up I'm wearing
a towel lol fuck my god oh god this is
hard Jack I'm sorry that you're no good
at the game I know
yep the culture oh good Coltrane well
yeah I got I got a little too
enthusiastic about jazz hours after
so the other jazz album that I got and I
dumped into a Love Supreme and I did not
care for it as much as the other jazz
out I'm dodging Oh
keep swimming aim is important I know in
this game it's really not Oh kind of
yeah yeah hey Jack what do you think
about sitting through another 17 comic
book movies over the next 20 years
Marvel boss calls there's good as
spider-man I don't care that much hi
guardians the galaxy - oh that can't be
good
here's here's the thing about me I enjoy
comic books and I enjoy action movies so
any excuse for more action movies I'm
going to be okay with and I like comic
books I'm okay with this trend and like
rich says if they're good fucking who
cares right I didn't care for
to make if they make good movies a new
food the fuck cares what they're about
let them do what they want I've heard a
lot of people talk about superhero
fatigue but I've only found myself
enjoying them in the last few years
didn't like the earlier MCU films thing
you know like there's they're still
pacing them out relatively you know
loose you know a couple years but I
think we're only gonna hit the real
fatigue once the indie Studios start
dumping theirs as well like you know
right now we got it we got a lot of
Marvel an occasional DC and soon we're
gonna start like with the Indies like I
heard I just heard rumor that like this
spawn movie got postponed again because
Todd McFarlane is a jackass and people
didn't realize that he was that big of a
jackass
of course and so like once you know once
we start getting once it starts turning
into in every week situation then we'll
have a problem but right now it's gonna
be fine
valiance oh I'd love I'd love an archer
and Armstrong movie that would be
wonderful that was great
an immortal a life you know a John
Goodman ask immortal demigod s being
cherub esque and and the unstoppable
assassin who has been trained from birth
to kill him
meet up and join forces as a crass a
great story that's that's that's a super
hero buddy cop that'd be great
that would be fucking great
or a harbinger TV series I don't think
Harbor jury you could do in a movie
because there's just there's that's a
lot of a slow burn but I enjoy Harbinger
it well
you've ever and you know Justice League
everybody please keep all enthusiasm in
check please
Wonder Woman's a good movie Joss Whedon
has been tasked in finishing the movie
but please remember it has already been
mostly shot by Zack Snyder all
enthusiasm needs to be kept and well in
check what
now 40k I disagree with you is a good
movie enjoyed one wrong did something
dumb
yeah Justice League does not look good
and and any hope you know we get from
Wonder Woman being good or just wait and
take me out early in the final stretch
needs to be checked because how old are
those treasures I keep finding yeah they
do nothing they're just there to
increase your score okay it's you know
video games people care about a score of
course you're high what's your high
score and Wolfenstein okay like if you
get a high enough score do you get an
extra life no that's great that's so
great
toys disagreeing of the third part says
you get lives after surgery
can you start your pistol just keep
saving sure properly okay
you do what you do have you ever watched
a movie you loved in theatres but
started to hating it the more you
thought about it No
I'll tell you I can't I came out of
guardians to kind of come and find out
the example that all right kind of mad
and the more I thought about all of the
problems I had with it the more upset I
got thinking about simple clunky
dialogue the whole of the talent shows
it bothered me more and more I remember
coming what was the what was the movie
where they went to Mars and Don Cheadle
was there Tim Robbins was a ghost of
Mars mission to Mars I don't know I
think he's got a mission to Mars and you
know I saw that in the theater way back
in the day when I was going to the movie
theater like every other day and I
remember really enjoying it for some
reason mission to Mars thank you so I
remember it really enjoying that yeah
it's a good movie then when it came to
video like I rented it and it was like
hey everybody let's watch that mission
to Mars I saw that in the theaters
that's a good movie and then we saw
and so that wasn't of the more I thought
about it that was just a me forgetting
or maybe not paying attention in the
movie funny
thank you this new subscriber this new
subscriber says what's that movie where
they had a mission yeah I don't know
what it was like I just remember coming
out of it go now that mission of mom spy
movie to be fair at this point there's a
lot of those movies well I know you said
the title yeah but let's see what do you
got you got the Martian frozen to them
I'm marginally goes to Mars not up on
Mars movies ready planet they're saying
John Carter nice Total Recall how could
we yes
Mars Needs Moms
yeah the expense account sure
doom the movie nice nice do they get
that much right does that fucking movie
take place on Mars it's been a long time
since I've seen the do what we all tell
you outside I don't know where the
Hefner bag is I honestly assumed I am
shocked it's not up that it would be
that it would be out of the second we
click start screen
we had the wind you know skip ahead
ready ahead of time
oh yeah so it's not like it took us a
day or two to do the skit right
something must've been hard to edit
about this I don't know what do you
remember the discussions were they
particularly long you know it's like
sometimes like out that that's another
reason the Friday the 13th that it took
a little bit longer is we we went off on
a lot of tangents and so it was hard to
organize everything
it's just organizing stuff I knew you
were there you fucking knob see you know
you fucking asshole Nazi hiding behind
the corner like a dumbass Nazi
although to be honest the thing that
usually takes me the longest or
previously reported episodes is just
finding the proper game and going
through oh I thought I remembered cheeto
moto you will get it you will get it
what they Canadian Canadian episodes
Canadian things with Canadians videos
starring Canadians it will happen
technically you got three of them well
we know how you feel about some of those
anonymous says I recently bought a body
pillow and decided to name it dick the
birthday boy heavens I also wanted you
to know I have a really handsome cat
named Monty he's a Siamese and very s
let's see here turn smuggler 40 forces
just free watched Dredd 2012
yeah yeah for the umpteenth time loved
that movie with all my heart was rich of
space got voice inspired by Karl Urban
strenght for Traill at all
keep up the good work no because I
hadn't seen dread yet
space Cobb was just inspired by Dirty
Harry more than just generic tough-guy
cop yeah yeah there ain't no music no
music down there punk it was really just
generic fictional cop right that was
just the gang
yeah you're monotone yeah yeah yeah no
actually you only recently saw driving
we've been gathering you to see Dredd
for a little something you probably
don't know what set the exact same
sprite for the doom barrels and they
just recycle it just recolor it I don't
know
oh god I can't imagine they would they
would get away with that why they made
they made both games oh did they I'll
see that's just me
now then then probably about I'll buy
that if it was the same company but
probably it man it much more better says
the doom barrels had bubbling all right
yeah they did but you can put goo on top
of a pre-existing sprite right I don't
know ah things work or stuff
of the dread movies both of them but I
wish you had more judges team movie
thread is great though being the Keith
Urban Karl Urban whatever his name is
he's dreaded that that movie is
fantastic
you ever play the original you know I'd
see the boss stage okay soon as I'm
gonna get a hold back oh I know I use
the ash see what this is I'll be old man
oh this looks bossy after this after
this okay
get psyched safe oh yeah good idea
Hans gross okay
Yankee Doodle aah
let me that fucker it gets chain-gun
army of fuckers great
oh god 13 suck it Nazi asshole nice nice
all right look at you look at you that's
great that's great did we want to switch
games huh do we want to I'll leave that
completely up to you we've been
streaming for over an hour now yeah so
that I mean that's a great that's a fine
stopping point well switch it up
hold on see here how hard it says hey
guys my wife just had twins on Thursday
twins holy moly
I'm huge fans of the show so I named
them Jacqueline and Richard just kidding
that'd be weird what's the weirdest
thing a fan is done no comment
may mail us a letter recommending some
day I will talk about it someday can't
wait I can't wait for that there right
now it's actually too scary
legitimately scary I'm gonna somewhere
stick with started yeah okay that's
that's the first ones I could talk about
yes Stargate stargates here I'll be
honest all of my dealings with fans in
the real world and the outside have been
very positive this all ninety like 95%
yeah
98% whatever most of them I met I met
one I was I had a a couple weekends ago
and I met someone who was also shooting
we were at the the 88 nine they were
having an 89 sorry a DNN is a local
radio station and they were having an
outdoor block party and I was there with
with a rapper named juicebox shooting
his performance and I ran into a fan who
was also there shooting a different
performance and so it's like he you know
he was a video professional hey how's it
going
chatted a little bit like you show hey
thanks man yeah yeah very positive all
very positive that rappin it's juice box
with three X's if you want if you want
to look up what is it called thunderjam
number three it was a song that came out
like 15 years ago at this point yeah
he's a white rapper from Milwaukee named
juice box with three X's and I love him
I love worked with him a few times now
he's the greatest juice box an adult he
started rapping in Milwaukee when he was
15 16 years old they would actually have
to sneak him into bars so he could
perform and he was big in the in like
the basement scene in Milwaukee yeah and
his shtick back in the day was he had a
giant ridiculous boombox and he would
make all of his beats on cassette
tape and then just put us microphone up
to the boombox
yeah press play and rap over it was
amazing it was amazing only because a
lot of times he would fuck up the song
and have to like hit rewind and try to
find the spot where the song start was
create we're crazy kids you know it was
great and use the bathroom we're gonna
get the game set up okay
I'm gonna put us on hold for a bit okay
we'll be back
thank you

[Part II]
no they're not mad they're fine
everything's fine I told you guys we
were coming back for five of
motherfucking thirteen this is what's
happening you're fucking out yeah fuck
yeah I have an itching I've been itching
get to those tips your socks off fuck
yeah nope nope nope games a little buggy
trying again nope that does it okay
there we go hey all right
okay game swamp buggy huh games a lot
but games a lot buggy oh yeah we gotta
get and we gotta get in the hurts up
here this is is this you yeah this is my
person yeah I don't have some okay let's
see what you got here
I like this generate less noise less
printing I did get the epic my dad's a
cop look at that one oh yeah if you're
the one to call the cop look look at it
29 think is there like three odd minutes
oh that's great whoo
that's a great perk silent D is silent
dis if I got some distance hey Jack hey
rich hi the original Tron is 35 years
old today
I suppose it was as far as it was in it
all hit at the right time I think to
make me loving should make an impression
but I'm the same pretty much yeah I have
a soft spot for truant I can admit it's
not a great movie and it's it's largely
saved by jeff bridges being jeff bridges
well but not just that like this
spectacle the look it's so different
it's a weird case of like a hollywood
spectacle film being
made for all the right reasons yes yes
yes passionate passionate people we know
this all this neat computer animated
stuff yeah
rather than we can cash it and do all
this and computer animated stuff wait so
that I got this two in the house ones
some one of those solar 15:1 sell the 15
yeah not the 19 yeah all the dice here
we're good all right let's see if I'm
lucky
maduk 5% boom boom attic Sal trying to
get trying to get come on the bone a
little pub potent Ranger no that's just
a Tommy one that's a week if you go for
a kill
yeah but you already have it you have a
better one yeah one more roll one more
roll - really
Wow I must begin an epic oh oh well
better than what you get well you sprint
this beat is decrease what do you think
it's 2% of nothing Prince Prince speeds
nothing it's all about stamina yeah
alright one more one more roll one more
roll who's the big winner who's a big
one - no whammy no whammy no whammy no
whammy ah oh like that one you moved the
sneaky as you move through a window
faster no one cares about you sneaky get
out of town we can't afford another one
all right that's fine all right so wait
where was that what perks that I give
the Tron seat wall I think the Tron
single trial legacies it's perfectly
adequate again perfectly adequate much
like the original Tron not a great movie
but it looks great the soundtrack is
great and it's alright but better than
the original I think oh definitely yeah
like like just like as a general movie
yeah yeah absolutely absolutely it's
perfectly fine less noise well sprinting
increased melee stunts I'm with you once
again another Tron film that is largely
safe by Jeff Bridges
right CS shamba or misc chambo however
you want that pronounce says thanks for
the hours of distraction you're welcome
very good
J frisk 2 says Jack did you read the
vision miniseries I finished it today it
was amazing
the one where he starts as a family
that's all they say they say the vision
miniseries I have no idea what that
refers to
there there was a there was a small a
vision run where he decides he wants his
own family
and unfortunately the end of it was
spoiled for me by the champions which I
read first and so if you know I've been
thinking about it oh my god it's
supposed to be very good supposed to be
very good also question for both of you
yeah
what is the typical day at our om like
start time lunch closing time schedules
etc etc oh nine to five paperwork all
day there's no there's no start time or
schedule because it depends upon what
what needs to be done right like a a
week where I need to build a pling keto
board is is very different from like a
week where I need to clean the studio
and we had an episode on Tuesday and I
really need the screens and tapes it
what is what's next what we need to do
next and I'm you know push the time yeah
the orange okay
now we're not like like when the when
the Canadians were in it was a number of
tenors so we're Tate's in a row you know
who haven't really liked him lately
part AIDS I have no kill set for him
I've noticed that I couldn't get his
kill set up in time sorry hopefully it
won't be you quickly says yeah the
reason they don't add new character in
marble it's because they don't want to
pay writers royalties for new IPs
oh sure so they recycle the old ones
yeah that's not a bad that's not a bad
thought that's that's why Tom Paris and
Voyager was Tom Paris and not that one
cadet who got jailed in the Starfleet
Academy Wesley episode played by the
same actor oh it was gonna be that
character we saw that once in TNG but
they didn't want want to pay the writer
of that one episode royalties for
Voyager yeah I love when this kid plan
they have a lot of fun the kids
oh man I'm right a time ago oh right by
the car I have one guy pissed me I'll
there was a kid playing and no he was a
kid but he wasn't unreasonable the kid
you know the helping people do stuff
okay and this one guy thought of
annoying so he shot him in the back
spectating i watched it
number of people were watching it it
he's a nice kid that did that got shot
and when the match was over I told them
if you don't fucking leave this Robbie I
guarantee you there's gonna be a posse
hunting your ass down any left oh good
what a dick you know we're all just here
to have fun man
we're all just here to have fun I called
Tommy now we got a state surgeon I
didn't lock the doors I didn't search
the house yet because I feel I wanted to
call Tommy just in case Jason cut the
power I wanted to get that done
right away I'm sure Jason is close
because the car is near but that nice
pocketknife nice killing it
horton hears you since hey Jack hi don't
know if anyone has asked this recently
yeah but what are your thoughts on
Childish Gambino's most recent album
also what are your thoughts at his music
as a whole keep killing Nazis rich
childish gambino is the actor donald
glover yeah you know it's so funny I was
just talking to my wife about Donegal it
was like Oh Donna Glover was in this he
plays he plays the character that's the
Prowler yeah who is special because the
Prowler is the uncle to Miles Morales
and so if they ever you're an old school
fan he's just special because she's the
problem exactly
well yeah well no while we were talking
about like where this movie where this
movie could go in the future like oh you
know Marvel gets the spider-man back
right and they're saying spoilers that's
more of an Easter Egg though oh that's
been all over the news that's been all
over it's it's it's borderline it's
borderline but it does that Donald
Glover was in that's nothing that will
ruin the movie
was the Prowler I old Spidey villain /
Ally yeah it's like a super criminal
thief who turned good look at these
people's their cell they're selling out
the the boat people right away yeah
they're doing what they can do to stay
alive its dick move but it doesn't
bother me it's full fully within what
the game was intended to be that kind of
selling each other out did I get out so
like I'm explaining to my wife who
Donald Glover is and I'm like I'm like
oh you know he's on he's on that show
Atlanta she's like hard I haven't seen I
was like did you see community like no
and I was like the Martian he's in the
Martian she's like I don't remember that
character from the Martian I was like
he's uh sketch comedy show mystery team
now I was like oh well he's in anyway
he's a lot people know he's he's in MO
oh you know he's also childish gambino
and she's like oh I know Childish
Gambino's fuck like how this camp you
know who is you know like indeed hip-hop
R&B; somehow do you know childish gambino
his new album is good I enjoy it it's
it's more soul than rap and I enjoy it a
lot I actually you know way back in the
day I was visiting my cousin in Los
Angeles and I had an opportunity to go
to like a super to run an underground
and childish gambino show that he was
working on for his life second album
yeah don't worry about it just somewhere
on the other side of that where's the
key railing right they came to the car
one shot you killed me Jeff Jeffrey if
you missed it
jack was sneaking up behind Jason to hit
him up with the baseball bat and one of
the counselors shot at Jason
but because Jack was standing right
behind Jason Jack got killed by the
shotgun blast son of a birch well at
least some time ago it was the kid as
well yeah but I don't think it was
intentional
no no they shot it they did shoot Jason
too yeah oh yeah yeah so in any case I
actually had had the opportunity to see
him live a friend of mine who was
working at a talent agency at the time I
was staying at his house in Los Angeles
back in the day he's like hey we're
gonna we're all gonna go to the show
Donald Glover you know he's trying out
this new rapper thing childish gambino
do you want to see and I said ah you
know I've been it's been a long day who
run towards Jason then your stamina is
falling and you know what I'm just
realizing there's no other people there
I thought I'd go and help people is the
car leaving why is he standing there
car's gone where the car is gone what is
Jason up to
we're shit on the back huh shoot him in
the back oh wow he's away :
he's gonna wait right here bye sucka
waist but oh so funny
I had a baseball bat where's my baseball
bat so deal for a bit they fuckin took
my baseball bat really
this shot means so much shit but in case
I had the opportunity to see his show I
decided I was tired and didn't care
because I hadn't heard of him at that
point and I slightly regret it but yeah
I guess not really cuz apparently his
early shows weren't that good buy his
new album is pretty good no it's pretty
good if you're into kind of indie hip
hop R&B; insist that it's pretty good the
cops aren't called the car and the boat
are gone we are so far and the boat yeah
they're both gone remember we saw the
boat move so we need the phone so Jason
only has one objective to guard and we
I'm pretty sure that
oh yeah I'm terribly sorry
Oh thinking though they think they're
doing the phone follow them you have you
have a good repair stat Tommy has like
the best first ad the best speed oh
great
they probably want you to fix the phone
the guy who killed you yes but it was an
accident an accident
he didn't purpose he wasn't being a dick
about it this was that in here
come on okay you want to ask them
questions or just get away here and
total hit teams up hey do you guys have
the fuse no I think we should go look
for that yeah let's go look for the fuse
you should check the shore somebody
probably left with a car might wash up
on the shore what that's what happens
dude I think we should go all of them I
think we should go come on yell there we
go they should go find the fuse box Adam
oh yeah that's what we're doing we're
gonna go find the fuse box see if we can
find that fuse check the houses but you
know the new challenge can be no record
recently came out but I don't care about
it as much as I care about chance the
rapper's coloring book mixtape which has
been the only thing playing in my house
for the past three days I know that's
like that's an old you know that's old
at this point
but I am assessed with it what a great
fucking I mean it's it's it's
essentially an album and it's great
Tommy don't need no man next house
alright Friday the 13 year old
yeah yeah hey my controllers fucked up
you guys can kill me if you want I can't
even do shit how do we kill it
I don't know attack me only go left oh
wait I can now see wait oh shit my
controllers working
this is a crossbow it would be great if
it was cross-platform more bodies
it's more on Sony and Microsoft than it
is on just about anything else sure the
doors are locked
not that it matters with this Jason oh
yeah wreck everything shit Jason he
found it it's probably in that last
house
oh it was right there
that's the generator that's not the
phone oh well it needs to be up for the
phone to work right I don't think so but
fixing this way this was probably in the
house followed oh yeah there it is stop
we got your back Jason's busy he's over
there oh she's in a trap oh nice he's
got the perk let me do it
oh yeah I'm just keep an eye on Jason oh
you go to that box huh you guard that
box so it doesn't smash it I think just
don't want to see me and come over here
get him back there
that's flashlights a dead giveaway now
it's not if Jason sees you he's using
sense anyway the flashlight is
irrelevant it's better to have it on to
keep your fear down yeah you don't want
your fear to be R it up build up then
you lose your map you lose your your
items especially if he kind of knows
where you are in the first place just
just by the way Jason plays it's it's a
good it's good call you have it on
like I want to hit him but I'm not sure
if he's just fucking with us
and denied come on see how I got done
now they owe their there where are they
going they're gonna wait by the one exit
for three minutes that's bad I did it's
not it's not for you to say it's not for
you to say Jason just teleport no I know
I'd be kid this game is fun this game is
always the game is fun this game is
super fun train Han Christ says Jack
have you ever read the max started as a
quirky 90s image comic and ended up as
an existential art comic Sam Keith wrote
and drew it it was brilliant no you know
I've never read the max rich have you
read the max it was trippy I didn't hate
it I liked the character that he had the
big teeth right yeah unclear if that was
teeth or mask waiting sure hiding in the
garage that literally has no door
a circle around the house
Jason so we're gonna do a dark dark dark
yeah what is that get back to base get
back to base no no radio I'm making
Jason circle maybe Jason want to go
check them because I was too much hassle
or maybe it's controller Brooke again
what three health potions sure when funk
Rockets is rich
have you seen Star Trek the motion
picture director's cut that came out
years back
Robert Wise re-edited the film and added
minors SFX that wasn't there before due
to time constraints it's great yeah I'm
pretty sure I have that version off the
top of my head I even remember what what
is different about that and the
theatrical like specifically I were to
show up I got a wrench not walk that's
good he's on you nothing you're being a
good Tommy
they're waiting for me I know they're
nice oh okay oh that's great we did Wow
Jason oh I think Jason was having
controller issues or Jason might be on
some sort of medication that was great
everybody everybody escaped team escaped
well well
by the way Jason didn't even kill me
someone else
what do you thought son run the jewels
three it's one of my favorites from I
mean listen run the jewels is amazing
three is good I personally prefer to run
the jewels two is way more hype I was
really excited you know off of the Black
Panther trailer feature to run the
jewels song in there is awesome
we're in the Jewess threes alright but I
felt like three is a little angrier and
a little darker two is just straight-up
hype and so my favorite I would go to
one three four run the jewels is how I
go
I've heard it says hey again hmm hearing
rich talk about high scores and kids
these days I think the high score has
been replaced by the speed run time
what's your thoughts about speed running
old games I'd say you're probably right
speed running times is the equivalent of
the old school high high score I I enjoy
watching some speed runs it depends sure
I've seen speed runs of like Yoshi's
Island which involves being extremely
good at the game and then I've seen
speedruns of Dark Souls which is all
about glitching out of the map and
running past 90% of the game right
that's somewhat less interesting to
watch like I get it
we found an exploit and this is how we
can be the speed room but it's like I
would much rather just see someone play
the game super fast yeah the game the
game you know not even sure how to do
that to be honest
every black movie show trailers using on
the jewels yeah that's probably true
listen I mean they're just fuckin
breakthrough a great group with some
sick-ass beats shit I saw somebody you
know you know what a tool-assisted to
speedrun is tool-assisted they use like
emulators and programs to like plan out
the button inputs so they're not
actually playing the game they program
how the game gets played they program up
the button inputs ahead of time hmm and
they can do things like you know with
much quicker reaction times than a human
ever could sure and it's guaranteed the
game's gonna play out the same way every
time you just of the way these things
work
there was a tool-assisted speedrun we're
using the same button inputs for every
game somebody beat well the computer
they programmed the computer so it would
be Mega Man X 1 X 2 and X 3 at the same
time with the same button inputs for
every game what I know it was insane
like that that's one where I would like
I just want a documentary about how it
was done like I don't even care about
watching the game run you know like just
show me how you did that programming
Jason doesn't have a sense yet so he
might not know him in the house
door still closed he's closed not good
found somewhere else to go nothing
useful in this house so that must mean
the phone box isn't here I haven't seen
a phone sometimes the phones in this
house how many Nazis did rich kill I
killed all of the Nazis while most of
the Nazis in the first mission act of
Wolfenstein 3d I was great somebody was
mad they didn't spawn us Jason so they
quit out and their corpses lying there
somebody died already
incompetent no that happens because
they're confident yes sy Sperling says
yeah two men enter one man leaves
Monty Python versus kids in the hall who
lives and who dies
miny Python lives kids in the hall
cousin the whole day gives an olive yeah
I like kids in the hall but and you know
if you know that's just one of those
like if you got to choose one and of
course we wouldn't have kids in the hall
without Monty Python because they've
they've noted that like months Python
we're a huge influence on that if we're
talking about theme song I give that to
kids in the whole well shadow amen from
a shadowy planet oh just a great surf
rock man absolutely I I would much
prefer kids in the home what does kids
in the home that's old sketch comedy
show
that's fine
yeah sometimes that works with the
shotgun just to like quick mm-hmm it's a
quick draw like that did not work out so
good nope not anymore
oh fuck you oh my god you did it
I must have been doing the grab perk are
you
look mom I can't hear
say something certain knock down the
door so I'm getting the fuck out of
Dodge
that's what I know I don't care what
they're talking about lying on that
property he's asking sing chart hub help
us charge uh-huh and you're saying I'll
have none of that
no sorry sucker me to be fair you're
playing as Bugsy Bugsy with a G yeah and
he can't fix the car worst shit he's
kind of he's kind of you know well I
ain't done the help from strangers
oh yeah see hello gasps you know you
have to you know you have to know I have
to I just had given up my weapon
have-have gas on route to car right now
we got this
tripping off of your ass bug I Jason
that the car
I've 'only I will not say that because
Golda cot certainly did things wrong
don't come on the trap where you got a
bunch of XP thank you
I tried to sprung
trapa sprung nope nobody has keys okay
okay all right people find the keys
let's go got on that time Nick there's a
weapon in here yeah you're the muscle
you're Bugsy I know listen you finding
the keys it's not your job your job is
keep Jason off everyone else's back
wells babies are the keys the cops are
called so yes
Oh
mid-swing twice
everyone else dead all right here do
they just totally look if they ran oh
well Jason's over there too fucking ran
away took my fucking bat and now I got a
2x4 like an asshole
I was mid-swing when he grabbed me yeah
to be fair you you did steal her gun no
one I gave her the gas and I used that
gun to distract Jason you're welcome
yes when it's a what it's a child
playing it it's most definitely wrong to
stare at her but
yeah yeah well yeah I mean this is the
third time in grassman that's fair
I was trying I was trying to be the hero
that's what I get for trying to be the
hero great great it's fine Jay you did
your job
I did you did your job oh I knocked him
out several times you were a good bug
seat mm-hmm I've really grown to like
playing as the muscle like now a lot of
times I'll play as the stealthy quick
fix here because I'm looking out for
nothing yeah oh yeah but blames me you
need to be at a group though yeah you
need to be in a group well you just got
to find some other people and hang
around I've had some fun escapes
I love run away run away little kid
she's filling up her stamina it's fine
okay
might even be the smart move for that
kid right now while she swings at him
the cops gonna go cuz you're not gonna
outrun the morph did he not notice her
he went straight for the cops oh oh and
you're at the wrong exit you're at the
wrong exit Tyrannosaurus Rex but you
have the sweater interesting interesting
I love it when you're the smart person
and you get the car together and like
the first minute sometimes it's nice you
walk into the first time should go and
do oh there's the gas grab the gas
sprint of the car Jason's not even there
yet
one house later you luck out there's the
battery sprint to the car
why did you raise my hopes for getting a
half in the bag today I well I want to
say the last two Sundays
Jay and Mike have released videos yes I
fully expected it to be up and I I know
the three of y'all saw spider-man on
Friday because I happened to be at the
same showing so I assumed kid why are
you not now is the time to sprint to the
cops what are you doing yeah I get no
weapon I guess get still talking there's
no one to coordinate with thank it is
not talking he's a he's an let's player
he's a scamp
he's a let's player what are you doing
is Jason letting you go he might be to
adorn its if the kid is too adorable for
Jace sure sure so I mean and you know I
just knew also I know how long it takes
Jay or Mike to edit an episode and
usually just takes him a couple days so
I am very surprised that we have not had
an episode and then thirdly I was really
expecting Jay just to push our buttons
by pressing go live exactly when we
started the training yeah yep
so I was expecting Jay to be a bit of a
dick about it really really really
wait can you swim huh no they apparently
tried
how weird
how weird I should have killed you you
really should have did I give them a
stern talking I did half the vide they
edited the skit was done sure not a very
complicated one of the first but first
play but we filled that ahead of time
oh no but I just you know like I know
I've because I've seen movies with you
guys before and like I just know in
general how long it takes so like my
guess is if it's not out today it'll be
out tomorrow but the time of two movies
oh sure then there's two movies still
but when did they film the other one I
would assume this would be a rush job
but yeah absolutely just in case that
kids working with Jason we're gonna find
a new Lobby that's fine just in case oh
yeah
he's adorable but you know it's like so
much you take this you're not to be mean
but no we move on find greener pastures
yeah okay okay all right we're gonna
crane hand Christ says I've seen things
you people wouldn't believe weight
flares on fire off the shoulder of jason
a machete glimmer in the dark near pack
an AK all those moments will be lost in
time like tears from the rain one the
one good thing I play dread er it it was
improvised anonymous says as more men
become stay-at-home dads the Porsche of
praise to men has increased for doing
the same things women have been doing
thanklessly when was the last time you
thanked your partner thanklessly
Mother's Day has been a thing for ages
what did since when if people not love
their mothers I think I think what
they're referring to I don't think
anyone doesn't love their mother or
appreciate their significant other who
stays home and watches the kids and
cooks all the food which is by the way
me I think in general like they're
talking about a like a general like oh
you're just a stay-at-home mom something
like that which which I have actually
heard before in real life yeah someone
like look down at stay-at-home parents
who are just like oh I wouldn't I never
have oh no I never have either but I
have seen it firsthand
no and it's just listen as long as
you're contributing if what you
contribute to the household is is
watching the kids and keeping a clean
house Lenny boom good that's all that
matters is that you contribute if you
cook the meals and clean the house and
watch the kids that is your fucking job
and you do your job
you know don't don't don't confuse like
assholes with all of society but I have
I have seen it before oh hello Tommy
Jarvis Tommy Jarvis right there oh the
radio Mike that's a bit really find the
radio first time guys grace oh god
jasons real congratulations I'm not
getting interrupted by half in the bag
it's more surprised than relief but I
think it's great I think it's great like
whoever like whoever is willing to stay
at home and deal with that shit good for
them man sometimes it is it
hello fuse oh my gosh it repair Sam
are you guys fighting yeah yeah the
fight drew them their mid-swing again no
you know that doesn't work unless unless
there's a group protective I wasn't I
was mid-swing shouldn't I be able to fit
all fucking swing no fuck you need to
gang up on chase in the trial take him
on one-on-one son never I thought I
could get one hit in yet to make it
lucky if it's like a bad Jason but I got
Jason not just gonna be grabbed you're
gone unless you got a pocketknife then
you know then you get a little bit bold
if you have a pocketknife cuz then you
got a shirt you have a free out yeah
yeah yeah we had a nice dork someone
else dead
it's Tommy they're basically no just me
wait see if you're Tommy someone tell
these kids in the game to go to bed yeah
it is getting late if we ever thought
about streaming Skyrim nope
no if I haven't not even once
what are our thoughts in the newly
released spider-man editors cut I can't
imagine that an editor could save that
movie which spider-man 3 3 oh I don't
care
spider-man 3 2 would at least be
interesting cuz that movie is such a
clusterfuck of it doesn't know what it
is or what it's doing me amazing -
amazing spider-man amazing - right there
we go I thought that would've just been
obvious spider-man and - and clusterfuck
well that's why I got very confused
because I was talking about the Raimi
trilogy you guys think that - Jason
hitbox is a little broken no he has he
has a what do they call it in fighting
games like a null lock like you know his
grab cancels out your swing so you don't
even get to finish your Swain you don't
even get to finish your swing also King
is a thing also opinions a thing I
played Halle Knight no but I do own it
now okay oh yes I think I'm right by my
dead body - so maybe Jason didn't put
any traps I think I was in this house
what's Jason up to CMO Thanks I believe
I died in this house okay I died in the
next house there's one of these houses
so I know where the fuse is so we got
that going for us
so how do you get to be Tommy it's it's
random yeah once Tommy has been called
via the radio a dead counselor has a
chance to come back as Tommy the game
usually waits until there are two dead
people and then one of them gets to be
Tommy where's the fuse where's the phone
it's gotta be in one of these houses
it's usually fairly close it might be
that one back there I don't think it
usually is though I didn't see it worth
a look as long as some houses up north
that it can be at
well you know we're in this cluster of
houses so I'll just check all around the
camp
maybe that house so yeah you have to
radio in Tommy which you saw me do
earlier and then it chooses randomly
from one of the dead or escaped campers
yeah you don't have to die it could be
an escape damper usually it's dead
camera usually unless it was like an
early escape right well so that was like
an early call like you want a radio if
anyone's seen the phone sure anybody
seen the fuse box I have the fuse Tommy
Jarvis runs for his life
hey this is my second chance I'm not
fucking it up maybe I am real Rob Rose
says I went back and watched the last
few times
lenka Basinski on best of the worst yeah
god bless whoever edit whoever edits
those and has to hide down his mic a
hundred percent of the time put put down
it yeah you are a miracle worker no he
was you know what he was much better the
second time
yeah the coming into a group dynamic
like that I him never being on a show
like this yeah his his chat Ernest was
perfectly acceptable like and and if you
look at his second appearance it was it
was much more mature restrained and he
kind of got the flow a lot better so
can't blame anyone he's not really that
kind of performer so
phone you found that cell that's almost
certainly not up here
alright one of the spots that can
frequently spawn is the garage but
likely it's it's one of those two
buildings North to you most likely no
I've checked all four of those we
checked out for those yeah then it might
be the one by the car or could be by the
garage those are the freak those are the
frequent spots check the garage
I think I'm slightly closer to the
garage fortunately Tommy can cover a
good deal of ground toy yeah
quickly Tommy's a fast one Len was great
was great all right person in chat wait
we already answered the splinter cell
question like earlier way earlier this
stream yeah yeah I've played it rich you
haven't especially its linear is linear
look I'm like I haven't played it looked
like linear it is you know I have played
it it's linear like more like a puzzle
stealth and here's how I'm going to
here's how I am going to tackle this
situation I knock out that guard I get
to there
but I've never really plated so I might
be completely wrong I don't know I'm not
saying it's the worst thing ever
yeah you might enjoy it it's it had its
moments you know what it had its moments
July 8th on Tommy whoo yeah get your
light on Tommy who's not by the ground
it is not by the garage yep I made the
wrong call but you know what it was it
was a coin toss so now we checked the
other houses this guy I don't see oh
shit Jason's right there he's chasing
someone else though
very slowly so Jason doesn't find me
crawl through the window doo-doo-doo-doo
I gotta keep my I gotta keep moving this
feeling nope
right it's probably that building a
person's bike probably it hasn't been
anywhere else unless I missed it which
obviously is possible
oh just the better gimme gassed him
yeah just air I'm saying just the
battery is installed hello
nope nope oh my god that's like three
you're fighting part two Jason right
yeah yeah that's why that's my part -
Jason is cheap
nope that's what I wanted to drop
basically I find some fucking pocket
knives or some health spray or some shit
where did she take that battery
did she install it yeah the batteries
insult we need gas and fuse somebody
permission it's probably on one of these
houses by the car why we search these
houses but well will be the guy that
gets the car together that'll be our
that'll be our thing that'll be our
stick yeah sure the prowl trap by that
door what counselor set a trap by the
open door by the mad trap strats
hey Jason Jason you know you're just in
here what's a little house Wow somebody
must have just missed it
yes yeah possible save that woman that's
two deaths Zach Peterson says the dead
jack yep I play with inverted control
yeah I have ever since GTA 3 on ps2 my
five-year-old son is starting to play
switch games should I force him to play
non-inverted or should I pass on my
curse to him some games jack are cheaply
made well kind like kinda like fight you
know a Friday the 13th doesn't let you
rebind controls right some games don't
let you invert and really it was
occasionally a nightmare to me when I
only played inverted and I have not had
any issues or regret since I switched
over to non-inverted sure sure
yeah then don't pass on your curse let
them let them think let them learn
non-inverted yeah my kids play
non-inverted when like then when they
play minecraft yeah that was the dumbest
thing
obviously who's that no yeah we have a
chance because it's boat Jason but he's
just gonna morph over to the exit here
oh yeah he's not that fast
yes she's fucked Oh
Jason's back in the water
that is not the
right what are you doing what are you
doing she's giving up what are you doing
she's giving up why cuz Jason's in the
water yeah but look what if nobody no
one accused her of being smart yeah I
guess so yeah by the way so yeah let
your kids learn uninvited them and you
know what that is you to default in the
game is uninvited they won't know they
won't notice the difference they won't
even know that inversion is a thing
unless you tell them better than so it's
fine there was some guys like red dead
redemption i played yo head that back
when I was playing inverted yeah it
didn't invert the the the duals really
so when you had to reach for your gun
that was it was normal for a second then
you had to get a switch back up when it
came time to aim there there were
constant nagging issues here and there
with inverted controls okay you dumbass
double dumbass
oh my god some people some people close
yet so far oh now she doesn't have all
my doubles dumbass what the heck
lady what are you doing can Jason get
you on the boat yeah he's actually
really easy if Jason is anywhere near
you it's a button prompt to tip you out
of the boat you have a chance with part
two because he's slow yeah but a smart
Jason player and get around that ya know
so it's a button prompt to tip you out
of the boat and then it's a second
button problem to drown you it's but
it's a very easy kill if you are in the
bottom here's here's the thing the boat
is great if Jason doesn't know what
you're doing when you fix the boat Jason
doesn't get a nose that lets them know
the boat is fixed unless you fuck up
when you're fixing the boat right you
can get out in the boat and Jason will
never know what you're doing but if
Jason hears you fuck up when you're
installing that propeller or if he
notices your leaving you know somebody's
weren't over towards that boat he can
kill you super easy in the water if he
knows you're getting out with the boat
the car it's the other way around the
car the second you start the engine
Jason gets an alert he gets that he gets
to hear that engine start knows wherever
he is in the map he knows somebody has
started a car but you have a fighting
chance in the car it's not an instant
kill when he stops the car yeah that's
very that's the balance that's the
difference it's not the same thing but
one looks like a boat one looks like a
company it's the same it's not the same
oh yeah they're two very different
things but they're just vehicles
there are a lot of great things about
this game there's also a lot of negative
things about this game but I think the
great things about this game outweigh
the negative things
nobody ever plays of the nerd because
his stats are horrible yeah there's
there's people with good repair that
also have decent stealth there is no
reason to use what's-his-name let's chop
up the fat nerd yeah over Deborah Nunn
hizmet his major advantage is repair
speech is repairer smart he's smart he
fixes things good yeah Deborah has that
exact same she fixes things good but she
doesn't have the horrible crippling bad
stamina yeah that the fat nerd guy does
veteran numbers got repair and the
standard there's no reason you wouldn't
rather have Deborah yep you taught you
toss some stealth stuff on Deborah
you're good to go
that's what I use I think she is decent
stuff she does have to use himself I
toss extra stuff stuff on her and that's
that's my use that's my usual go to solo
play like if I don't think I'm gonna be
working with a group he fixes things
well rich that's why you're a low weight
I think I do from it was a it was a song
about a menage a trois
heavy fun
yeah hey I get to murder sometimes nice
yeah a little working then pick up the
two knives even though you know what I
do every night
oh it's nice to get the murder break but
ultimately winning as a counselor is
more satisfying I will absolutely agree
with you just just a friendly little
murder break hey I'm here by the phone
no one's Lock this door yet so knock it
down that's mad strat right there where
as glowing I Jason from he was a backer
exclusive for this game designed by Tom
Savini yeah exclusively for this game
it's supposed to be Jason after he
escapes from hell that's why he's
glowing with is glowing with the fires
of hell with burning embers oh okay sure
yeah it's Hellfire Jason with a Hellfire
black and mask
that's cool walking on the car
put some fucking traps there that can't
be working on the car yet you can never
die see yeah I could never die I'm good
I want to kill him first now shouts been
it's been running a lot huh
he's been running a lot he shot me twice
I see you Hey I kept the the head I
wanted to knock his head off should have
done the door kill that's not a bad one
there you go
use your vision
I'm killing you first that is the right
call yeah I feel good
unless he comes back sorry I don't give
a fuck about a car
stop Jason faces unfold I make them
suffer like we did get your priorities
straight
oh I'm lessons out the window already
listen I'm on it
I know are you doing she's been running
a lot yeah I even running a lot friend
sorry friend oh you get the axe to the
face yes
goodbye friend oh yeah there we go
all right where is your other friend
I see what you have there
let's go Jack this is going well I'm
feeling pretty good about this dude
this is one of my favorite kills just
because when he does lop off her head he
just seems like he's born with it I
thought about watching him not kill him
that's my boy Wade she ran by the phone
the other one Oh does he easier kill on
that house though maybe even get a quick
kill on him I definitely don't want them
to get that phone working
it just shit today Jason
was an unfortunate raucous what that
that's exactly what that was she planned
that Jack she planned that no that's the
radio Tommy Center right there he wasted
mad trap strats I didn't see you never
see it coming you should though right
that's Jason Oh Chad Singh is sought
there's no one coming
yeah oh yeah you can hit me with a stick
but I can't hit Jason with a bat
turn off the old music
hi you got a block in combat stance
going to combat stance it's right bumper
I kill you twice dick yeah I know I just
want to show everyone that I cannot move
oh yeah yeah she's probably over here
London flex in ski says Lego Batman
Logan Guardians
Wonder Woman spider-man all superhero
movies have been quality and we have
Thor to look forward to what with or to
look forward to what are your favorite
Marvel movies I love Winter Soldier and
guardians to sudden are you said for the
Iron Man films she ran up an idio
there's three there's still three people
alive right
yeah no nobody's nobody you're yet
you're not used to people not abandoning
yeah I didn't know there were so many
people in here
you still in here second trap Stratton
goddamnit hello I'm gonna throw you on
the ground goodbye spider-man was great
homecoming and what our soldiers good
the Iron Man films are good find the
spider-man homecoming guardians to is
great you know there's a lot of good
Marvel movies my favorite Iron Man 3
make them stuff are always way they're
going fast they in a car no they're just
speedy motherfucker probably overshot
him yeah I don't know how about that
nice you were all over that
hello
you get a nice axe kill
yeah learning learning like relative
distance on the map is a really tough
thing yeah yes boom eight out of eight
motherfucker I'm great jack that was
great it felt really good about that
yeah and I got trapped twice I mean
that's a little embarrassing because you
know the mad trap strats is kind of my
thing but hey hey daddy I I man threes a
perfect action movie Winter Soldier that
elevator fight in Winter Soldier like
that fer the the first fight is worth
almost the whole fucking movie that's a
great little fight scene right and I
think one thing I love about action
movies is when the action represents
something in the story and so you know
like I've talked about Iron Man 3 a
bunch but like that elevator fight when
literally his co-workers start to gang
up on him and turn on him and and like
that pivot in the story taking place as
an action sequence is beautiful he's
trapped he's trapped by his coworkers
it's great it's fucking great
yeah some Wars all right civil wars all
right hello back for the fight at the
end of civil war is is a it's a
spectacle is what it is that's a great
spectacle yeah I wouldn't necessarily
call it like it felt tacked on yeah to
everything else that was going on in the
story that's the thing that completely
knocked out like there was no like
greater meaning just beyond like hey
it's a great spectacle though it's a
great fight and spider-man he's doing
his thing
it made it just a smaller scale because
the whole thing that movies mouths you
know what happened in the end of course
of course all between those just those
three characters which by the way that
and here's the problem that fight
between the three of them is gorgeous
but everyone is so fatigued after the
big battle that no one remembers that
awesome cat versus Iron Man vs. a Winter
Soldier fight which is great it's small
it's personal it's dirty that and you
know what you know what the heaven in
that fight sequence they literally have
the Winter Soldier ripping Tony's heart
out statement talk about metaphor
metaphor
yeah oh yeah yeah with other thing he's
here I never really thought about it
ripping his heart out rich sorry
somebody's saying smaller-scale way to
infinity war these are two different
things
I'm saying for the story they were
telling in civil war yeah wasn't about
at the end of that movie it wasn't about
the epic heroes all fighting it was all
about Tony and Ironman and having a band
and Captain America having a falling-out
right over everything it wasn't about
the epic stick ship that was that felt
tacked on in that case and for that
particular story yeah the big well it
was out of place
well though and like I said it actually
diminishes the important fight like the
story fight at the end that the big
spectacle diminished it even though it's
a great fight like you know the airport
fight sequence and they're not going to
do infinity war right they might
surprise me but if they do if they do
yeah that that won't have the spectacle
superhero fight in the same way unless
it's horribly one-sided and Thanos just
stomps everybody because he is
effectively God I could see that here's
here's the thing about the Infinity
Gauntlet yeah it's a story about a man
who just can't get this woman to love
him despite doing all of these amazing
grand things no matter what he does
death rejects Thanos and what here's me
know why you know why I like fan o's as
a character he's effectively God in that
story okay he could force her to love
him if he wanted to he legitimately
loves death and wants her to love him
for who he is and she just doesn't and
despite his godly power he can't force
her it's it's it's beautiful you selling
me you're selling me if they do it right
right and he's gonna be the ones blown
up the hairs are gonna closures the
heroes are gonna explosion what at least
two of them are gonna explosion
this is great there's a father there's a
fight in the Infinity Gauntlet Thanos
humiliate basically just humiliates the
heroes he toys with them I could see
that happening they literally stand no
chance of winning the fight I could see
that I could see that happening that
could be a really fun the second act
turn is just them losing horribly or at
you know what that could be that could
be an opening fight just the heroes
losing horribly that could be fun shit
oh fuck someone's leaving in the boat
the fuse ya think
well shit the villains humiliating the
heroes who don't stand a chance until
the blue beam goes off has been done
lots of times yeah but in all these
movies the heroes eventually succeed
that's that's not quite how the nfinity
got it's a bit more nuanced than that
it's not phantoms isn't defeated by the
good guys punching him enough
think about it oh yeah things really
hard tape always has a good arc curve
how do they beat this that's the thing
the Infinity Ward Infinity Gauntlet I'm
sorry I'm confusing up my own head now
because they're calling the upcoming
thing infinity war right right the
ending is a bit muddled I don't think
that Starlin really knew how to end it
properly it goes on for about like an
issue longer than it should have
oh well that's an that's an Adam warlock
thing right yeah kind of like what
happens in the book is at that point
Thanos subconsciously lets himself get
he subconsciously lets nebula take the
gauntlet from him because he doesn't
believe he is worthy at that point okay
and then how do we stop nebula becomes
like the last issue to one today it
doesn't end solidly the Infinity
Gauntlet I just like that that core
story idea of the person he loves that
so much he gets the power of a god just
so he could be with her and he does you
want you want half the universe dead
here it's done hey he does everything at
his godly power to win her over and she
just doesn't love him press T for me the
fuse box is in the tool shed
yeah I think that's neat like that
that's a that's a neat idea I don't you
know like I don't much care for for
space you know godly spacemen but that
could be a nice way to make it at least
relatable get off me
like a lot of what the heroes doing
Infinity Gauntlet us they're just
dealing with like the fallout from
what's going on oh yeah like Thanos gets
angry and just because he gets angry
like that causes like an earthquake to
happen on earth California falls into
the ocean heroes are dealing with that
sure alright you need it seriously back
up doesn't anyone have card
okay the car has gas and a battery
some a bitch
fuels either California falls into the
ocean I'm all on board with that they
don't like there's the same verb Thanos
just slaughters all of the heroes in the
most horrific ways possible hey that's
my outfit
what are you on the floor punch wrench
mr. plum Oh
fuse like like in the battle in the
Infinity Gauntlet comic bug
spider-man literally gets decapitated oh
yeah that's great
he literally gets decapitated hmm
Cyclops gets suffocated Thor gets turned
into glass and then shattered nice I got
the fuse I can contribute you don't
think that the the Infinity Gauntlet
will go over well with mainstream ah
yeah I know that's why I'm not looking
forward to the infinity war movies yeah
they're gonna different I'm well aware
well and they they kind of have to just
to make it makes sense they did
spider-man right yeah well but
spider-man suit like spider-man's a
character thing I guess Thanos could be
too so it's just a big will seaman who's
doing it well Russo brothers are doing
alright I don't know how she can't
repair what shit though I'm gonna be
quiet for this
some shit I know jack you didn't even do
anything to alert him video come on
bitch
who you calling a bitch bitch now oh
wait oh I used my pocketknife to just on
the crap ah gosh darn it
dang dang deca dang man that good thing
he was just over here check it like he
doesn't get notified if I disarmed his
trap right or does he was close enough
to hear the clack I don't know - just to
whom left dang it
Doctor Strange is a little forgettable
yeah yeah Doctor Strange was another one
where they kind of they kind of glossed
over a lot of the fun character stuff I
feel like they did the same thing with a
hitman you know we didn't get we didn't
get an interesting character with either
Ant Man or Doctor Strange you haven't
seen that before you know is that my
voice
I just don't care enough to watch it
right right and by the way I can't
disagree with you they they really those
movies felt like they were painting by
now yeah they're still good like a dr.
strange has really neat visuals and one
of the most satisfying endings
he uses his smarts and his wits to
defeat the bad guy and it's great no
really really satisfying ending to
Doctor Strange but but a lot of it just
feels like paint by numbers here on
journey stuff so
ant-man's visuals are better though yeah
yeah a man has really good visuals and
any excuse for um Paul Rudd to act in a
major Hollywood movie
I will accept I love Paul Rudd so if
ant-man has to exist as a
paint-by-numbers blockbuster so Paul
Rudd can star in a blockbuster movie I'm
gonna be absolutely okay with that okay
is what I'm gonna say cuz Paul Rhoads
wonderful find my dead body always right
around here right your dead body yeah my
dead body has the fuse on it
no it's not yeah oh him never mind
I was talking to him I was talking to
him telling him to find my dead body
I'm like I thought I wasn't paying much
attention I thought you were playing and
I'm like wait a minute you can't you
can't be looking for your dead body
because you're not Tommy this has to be
a new game Jack forget he said always
just spectating I get it numb yep should
have had the common decency to die near
the phone it might be in the fuse no
it's not oh because I was repairing it
yeah maybe maybe just wet hot American
summer any good yes what hot American
summer is brilliant it is a it is a set
up to be a classic summer camp boner
comedy like a like a Porky's like a teen
sex boner comedy and it slowly eats
itself and it's brilliant you also you
might not be into that style of humor so
you might not think it's brilliant what
had American some yeah I saw at ages ago
I remember liking it very for so it's
very funny but I could totally see
somebody not getting their style of
humor
mm-hm okay summer bone ear County it's
boner jams anonymous says hey rich big
thumbs farmer was touted as the cure-all
to stomach pain
until recently a bacteria h pylori that
burrows in your stomach was discovered
the tums festival can end with some
antibiotics that they discover that a
bacteria causes all heartburn maybe in
any case we we don't want to abuse
antibiotics that's true that's true
because that's how you get antibacterial
resistant strains that that that can
ruin medical science as we know it they
can literally ruin medical science as we
know it yep
once the act once that once you can't
use antibacterial medication do cure
bacterial infections we are all fucked
mm-hmm that's so true
if a charc tablet can do the same thing
I'll take the chalk tablet that's fair
that's fair if you and if it works you
know if it works for you then you just
do it works don't abuse antibiotics if
you're watching this it's it's deadly
serious not just for you for all of
humanity
when you when you have a virus don't bug
your doctor to describe you an
antibiotic if your doctor does prescribe
to you for antibiotics for something and
he tells you to finish them finish them
you have acid that just means the
bacteria that like survive the
antibiotics that you've been taking
better and you don't because you didn't
kill them all
those are the ones that are going to
reproduce yes it's serious this seems to
be a passion plea from you it's a big
world without antibiotics working
there's a world where a lot of people
fucking die from things that are so
easily treatable now I don't think
people understand like how good we have
it having antibiotics like you know
there was this whole thing called the
Black Plague that killed half of Europe
huh yeah yeah it's a big deal but I like
that shyguy side says but on the other
hand yeah I think we need a we need a
more we need a more balanced approach to
this rich centrist you know about
antibiotic he's not in the mood he's not
anymore am i joking about antibiotics
and that's fine next next you're gonna
tell me that vaccines cause autism I
think we just need to look at both ends
which is ridiculous that's a ridiculous
statement meant to be ridiculously
purposeful purposefully ridiculous
obviously there's nothing linking
vaccines to autism and vaccines are
helpful because you know polio is not a
thing anymore look I'm really happy
about like there was there was a time in
this world we're getting a cut on your
thumb was potentially deadly that's true
that's true oh you got the gangrene we
got cut there's nothing we can do yep
maybe most of your hand just to be safe
yep and if the doctor wasn't any good
that has to
do the whole arm like a week later oh
there is still polio but it's nothing
that you know everybody has to worry
about like they used to
polio still exists but you know I was
never I was never afraid of getting
polio growing up like kids in the 1920s
work great ghost stories to tell
especially they're like are this one of
a horrible movie called the Freddy don't
forget to bring the wieners oh I got the
wieners and the marshmallows and the
Chocolate and everything loaded already
I'm done with this bit now I want to
kill some people on everyone has a good
game I can't there's telling stories at
this Lodge right and there's suddenly
this guy I guess
I went there there was a moment in the
review in our in our review of Friday's
rich mentions Mike dickhead the
dickheads who leave if they're not Jason
because they're Jason only players and
at the start of some matches you'll just
see you you know
expert in black neighbor and I started
looking through for this exact cluster
park races so you know rich rich
mentions of the people who leave and so
I start looking through footage just to
try to find that moment in the cutscene
where people leave and I I had to go as
far as you second clip our car and the
two fine I'm shocked you had to go that
far back only because the first clip I
didn't hit record for the open oh okay
so the first scene that I had a cutscene
in was a scene I can use to show someone
leaving because they want to
I know he's coming for me can I do the
jokes away in the door
I'll take it I'll take it
okay great
Vanessa powers activate right power of
run your ass away fuck knows to work
jack
huh good work yeah I was fuckin good
except for Vanessa powers of getting
scared really easily just popped up
gotta be a trade-off Jack I know I know
should a perk her to balance it out I
think I gave her some stealth no no oh
no you know what I gave her a really
great I gave her the if Jason let's go
view you guys stamina boost for extra or
run away power and I oh I gave her a big
chance of Jason not seeing you if you
are in a house which is a perk I realize
the house doesn't glow bright red
sometimes yeah oh shit they got they got
a car started already or a car or half
statuses the next two Avengers movies
were originally called infinity Wars
part 1 one two but recently they made a
big deal about changing it maybe so they
wouldn't spoil that they're losing at
the end of one Shh
no no don't call what they want we know
what it is
crane hand Christ says my last tip of
the night new guys are grain cheap up
the good twerk excellent typo joke
double-checking your work probably on
the house next to my good buddy here you
just went on with a car man the fucking
car or the four seater oh shit look at
the editorial they're running towards
the car
Vanessa I have a bat I can help I have a
baton Gotham deserves but not the one
needs you
yeah I came back you could have fucking
saved but you chose to let me die you're
a traitor what we spent Helen yeah what
were you supposed to do you dickhead I
didn't have a baton
oh that's the two-seater the four uh-huh
well maybe those keys around here what's
the two-seater have gone for it
nothing just the battery that's
something that's something don't pay for
a battery I'm pulling the battery that's
there's gas hanging around here you see
a trap down there huh do you see a trap
down there do you see Jason around here
I'm just saying it's a it's a suitable
Plan B oh sure there's a drawer that
middle hallway you missed that means
that means whoever I'm following here
ain't that good a searcher yep yep all
right we got this that's fine what's
Friday the 13th movie are we watching
yep part six because that's the Jason
were up against right now they might be
putting the yeah I wonder if they're
running away with a gas can
I would I would assume they're if they
going for the two seater you probably
have keys keep an eye on that that holds
situation
they're not there where did they die
that's my plan hope Jason doesn't notice
you he probably knows you're there I
mean I would assume basically if she
dies I just know to go over there and
look other people are heading towards
the other car they probably have the
keys how many I just won
but there had there be lining yep
good night and I coming back for your
Jack you're fucked
wait now Jason's probably headed towards
them find that a girl get out with this
car if you can I can help I can help
all right yeah they got stop you have a
chance you have a chance yeah yeah I can
help I can help you could steal a seed
yep no it's a four-seater they have a
name extra room
hey say something cool Oh everything
usually I say it goes out of here
oh nice was that one guy - we're gonna
kill hahahaha he's gonna hit you he's a
good call by the driver
oh is that dirty good no there's he's
through good at that person who wants to
come and join our team you got a knock
Jason down if you want to get in the car
some of you I mean hit see he seems to
know he's done
I hate escaping with the car and this
map
oh wow that was a classic Juke sorry
lady
we'll think of you forever oh good Jason
Kapono fuck now this guy knew what he
was doing good job
nice work I think that was Jason saying
good job
I was reiterating it because it was I
don't think I accomplished much this
time that's fine that's fine sometimes
it happens see waiting for other people
to get a chance I think he is wait
wait
always dropping his items yeah damn
fucking me without me
you're a class act I did know I was
you're a real class act not kidding
had
back back
oh come on Jim oh did you know the
driver has to stay in the car to restart
everyone else worries about Jason's
drivers number-one priority is to
restart the car
oh now Chad's dead too
look at this bye Chad dead he drops a
pocketknife - yep what were you thinking
Chad we were out that second time he got
out of the car what was that about what
was that about I don't know he was going
he was going for the fucking Chad look
at that look at that
fuck we were out of course I didn't do
anything well I hit Jason a couple times
but really if I were smarter hindsight
being 20/20 rich she's got an image I
should have driven I should have gotten
in the car and just like Chad I'm
leaving if you want to come with you get
in the car now but I you know what I
wasn't thinking
Chad seemed to be doing the nice thing
Jason who didn't seem to be coming for
us yeah no and I didn't you're right I
didn't do anything to contribute to me
escaping I should have though as soon as
Chad got out I should have gotten in and
driven it I should have known that Chad
would fuck it up
shed oh well I think that's a fine place
and it's fine play standard Chad your
kindness killed us
you you you good-hearted fuck I think he
said my bad killed him with kindness yep
cancel cancel great hey we got uh yeah
then this is the point in the stream in
which we thank everybody who has come to
the stream and so thank you and this is
also the point in which we thank
everyone who has subscribed to us more
importantly during this particular
stream much like Edgar Allan Poe Poe who
has subscribed to us for exactly one
year and Edgar Allan Poe Poe says
there's no better way to celebrate one
year of support then with some Nazi
killin boo boo boo damn straight
shopping shop Misner one for 30 fucking
months in a row Meisner says 30 today
there's a Great Gatsby joke in there
somewhere but really who gives a shit
yeah nobody nobody come tremendous for
twenty two fucking months a neurosis
more Nazi shooting ich bin liebe meine
liebe Darth d'oeuvre who says have you
ever thought about playing the newish
hi moon Transformers game the first has
co-op thanks for the fun streams yeah
yeah we know we did that other way the
the Platinum transformers game that was
the kind of like a me I'm not I'm not
that big on the Transformers franchise
yeah
bleach me nameless humanoid Freddy
for 17 months in a row says 17 is a
prime number
sure you know suave who says lol stabbed
my dog Don Buckwald says three months on
the books but three years off the record
hope you're still be watching and
supporting you guys long into the future
thank you thank you down thank you
scoffs buster I get it grizzly bear it
the real way on for 20 fucking months in
a row Rhea Vance's now that you're
giving me a proper fucking I think I
deserve some answers not why aren't you
playing my favorite game not what animal
would rich be but the answer to the
question we're all asking when is the
next blanket review coming out well you
know I know we said that it was probably
a half in the bag happening tonight but
check your inboxes tomorrow well keep
that under your hat check your inboxes
tomorrow that running joke is so old
it's been so long since that's come up
yeah you're gonna actually anger some
people good that that old running joke
because it's not true
you'll be review tomorrow talked about
them one I don't know how much work he's
done talked about it it works slowly on
him well you got dumb right yeah I've
heard some things
I've heard some thanks heard some things
hartree-fock ur an unqualified bard says
if prereq is looking for a guy in the
chair let me know by the way I have
either of you seen baby driver fucking
beautiful
and I would mine seen him humberto
Cabbage Patch for 30 fucking months in a
row says die Nazi scum big fat man 873
for 16 months in a row do be sandwich
says I've been tasked to raise a young
French Bulldog while its owner is on an
extended vacation I'm constantly afraid
that he will somehow leave the house and
get me in trouble he's quite the rowdy
pup well I remain a good dog sitter by
next month he'll we don't know what kind
of person you are do be sandwich jangan
born nine thirty two fucking months in a
row potent potables one hero jim six
says when in rome or hardly working nice
as oh sorry a slight buzzing says love
y'all's character voices LOL phoenix my
rights it's been a while friendship
Bunga dug for thirty four fucking months
in a row says hey hey hehehe I give
prereq my money I watched lots of
streams but for one I will whoa oh I
watch a lot of streams but for one I
will watch a little more
oh hey hey hehehe I give prereq my money
I haven't actually ever watched the hey
hey P piece on you've never I've never I
didn't I didn't see any need to quite
frankly know you I mean it's a stupid
little song kick girl V for 15 months in
a row says here's to 15 months with you
wonderful hack frauds lots of love to
both of you thank you goose history
whether it nay the--some nathie ISM oh
that's better
Nathan ISM Euler's number for 12 months
in a row plumb no money 45 and plan T
lomani says three months of watching
this schlock you fucks biff eponymous
437 mother fucking months in a row
crooked spiraled says thanks for being
the best thing on twitch here's some
many more awesome streams microfiber
militia for 33 fucking monster row
that's just a way didn't it's real j
waitin that's so great does that mean oh
wait
j waited for the stream to end oh it's
oh it's happening right now let us get
done with thanking you all then go watch
it beginning to and reckless for 33
fucking months a neurosis watching you
guys play Friday the 13th is so
cathartic and fun for some reason keep
up the good work and keep having fun
doing it much respect yes because it's
actually a really fun game despite the
fact that a lot of people keep saying it
isn't it's a very fun game I don't know
where people are getting there and a lot
of bugs a lot of bugs really lotta bugs
a lot of thinking problems really fun
yes admitted but it's still fun despite
yeah okay this is a great name
evil Rosa Parks I just like the idea of
an evil resident alternate universe
little the partial twin right yeah well
what did she do that was evil like I'm
trying to think of like something that
would that would hurt the cause what
instead of instead of getting Auto it's
instead of staying in her seat she would
like put like knives under the seat she
she like so I white people would stab
down and they'd get like a knife up
there but she would like plant marijuana
on protesters she was indiscriminate in
her evil thing oh yeah everything kick
baby bitch she refused to get out of her
seat not because she was making a point
just maybe she was being a bitch what if
Rosa Parks was the evil Rosa Parks but
she didn't know we had segregation on
this earth she wouldn't she wouldn't get
out of her seat for like a handicapped
person who needed the seat by the door
exactly she she suddenly got transported
to our earth gets on a bus and was told
to leave the seat she's like fuck you my
said she didn't even understand that she
was part of the civil rights movement
that's a glorious I love it cocaine moon
el Scorcho for 965 then I settled rolled
our yeah yeah Jo budget Messiah for 14
months in a row double-oh-seven rules a
horrible glory slash s for thirty two
fucking months in a row says remember
when the star of killing American style
was also driving the Jeep and hard
ticket to Hawaii no one does
no one let's check that out
the ethereal sorry the ethereal walrus
theory along T cars up T Carlisle far
from 21 fucking months in a row says
haven't been able to launch as much as
I'd like but always willing to support
you guys El Pollo Diablo we know how to
sponsor name it's it's just hard to
remember it we know how to pronounce it
also your name El Pollo Diablo doesn't
have any fun rolls out of pole or Diablo
you don't have any roles that I can do
Apolo Diablo what are we saying wrong el
Diablo El Pollo Diablo where's Apollo
for pronouncing it wrong then it's got
to be pollo oh is that it Puyol
is it ooh maybe tell boy or I'll pull
your Diablo alright there you go I said
it right maybe maybe fuck off point
oh yeah horrible glory says polio okay
okay
rich which figured it out and I saw
something in the chat say point oh okay
I didn't figure anything out oh shit I'm
nothing without you guys it's true
I'm nothing without people like tricky
add and Guardian x99 jumped lust joy boy
for 15 months in a row who says hijack
protect my balls there's almost as good
as Eva Rosa Parks our Millville blurred
no it doesn't work and are oh and our
Miller 423 fucking Munson Rowan our
Miller says now subscribing solely for
modern medicine lectures by Professor
Richard Edlund Evans importance
important but this is serious business
I'm just surprised at how seriously you
made it
I got no bit enjoy half in the bag watch
out of the bag bag
I was on the end you know I was doing
the end they hit the moon
