Jul 30, 2017
PlayerUnknown's Battleground
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168549034
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/168549868
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcpnEmoLTCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sop6LJCW2I0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/891719552006049792

[Part I]
so you say until you say rich we got it
until we don't got it anymore you know
I'm saying look we got the camera hi
everybody
we got my game we got your game we got
it until we don't gots it no more okay
so because of the weird interference
that the frag check so yeah but both of
rich and I enjoy using our little
numbers on the couch it's convenient
it's very convenient shot the little
nunchuck is very easy to use but
apparently when you have two of them
plugged into close proximity they they
operate on the exact same wavelength and
so every time I hit mine it did
something unreal a computer is there a
thing on the side that will they change
the channel or something no this is the
sensitivity sensitivity yeah all right
all right but nothing that'll change
that channel I got I got to rebind the
things I just rebound yep so we're just
got Spence the time rebinding which is
great Oh what did I want to do I wanted
to change actually you know what I want
to read spend some time and rebind
something too what is a free look do we
have to worry about talking what I mean
this is we're just doing duo this is the
one yeah all right one thing I wanted to
change which is something that I
discovered recently that has really been
helping me out is if you hit alt while
running or you know if you hit alt you
can free look without having your
character model turn and so if you're
hiding in a bush because often in this
game you're hiding in bushes
you can free look around without moving
your character model helps you it helps
to stay hidden free look here it is
laughs it's alt control the beat okay so
now and now I have free look instead of
being left alt it's on my mouth so I can
free look easier hey I'll get to it
between me yeah yeah we'll get to tips
we'll get to we'll get to what what do
you need us to get to what's happening
if you press tab you do not necessarily
get a tab 1 this game sounds awful i-i-i
think i think i have a much higher
bullshit tolerance level than rich does
it's got to be an understatement and so
strong Timmy and dog flood is a great
album that's why I love this shirt I
want to use for that
it's okay busted : we just started we
just started so now they have three
monitors yes I have my monitor from home
we have the TV which is a regular
monitor and we have our second monitor
so we can read the chat and we have the
laptop here so we can read chat in the
tips so technically speaking we have
four monitors and three computers rich
we're living in a in a techno rific
future
we're cyberpunk eyeless hack let's hack
the planet rich is not amused right now
rich is not amused if over all our
volume is low you should turn up what
turn up for what WOD so we get to see
two guys running around for a half an
hour and then dying yeah but yep I'm
sorry that's low I'm so sorry
I was officially done with this game
forever last night can you talk about
doing an episode yeah we talked about
all right you know what we got some
stuff we want to say about this it's an
early access a lot of people who still
playing it and then I got this text from
Richard last night going to fucking done
I'm uninstalling it yeah which is by the
way even though I'm enjoying the game it
is a statement I can completely
understand don't don't about things you
don't like Jack right uninstall it III
parachuted in you know fairly sparsely
populated area not like in a huge city
just like we're like four houses near
each other okay and right next to a Jeep
and some other guy landing a little bit
here's a little bit he led it a little
bit too far away I was like right on top
of the houses he was like a short
distance away okay I run in the house I
grab an Uzi I you I load the Z I find
this guy and his going into a house I I
get the drop on him I shoot him fucking
three times
yeah like point-blank and he just turns
around and I get one shot and that
happens sometimes absolutely it's a
complete horseshit this game is complete
fucking horseshit
sometimes sometimes it can combat once
every 20 minutes
I started dropping into cities just
because I wanted something exciting to
happen and it's never satisfying it is
never way we gotta meet up I don't know
what I'm doing go back go back and go to
you you you you you figure this out how
do we connect how do we I I don't I just
sent you an invite oh my god yeah yeah
it's you know it's just one of those
things where there are there are good
moments to this game no he did not have
a shotgun he had a pistol I got one shot
him with a pistol did you have any armor
maybe he had some armor on yeah I
remember he just had a t-shirt on it's
all I thought I saw him with this
happened very quick over landing but I'm
just saying maybe picked up some armor
and and picked up a pistol
and so yeah so I get that text from rich
to last night and so I say okay well do
you want to film the episode before the
stream tomorrow thinking that you were
just done with the game and we're ready
to talk about he's like now we got to do
the thing in the stream yeah we're gonna
play the duo we got to play the duo and
so we'll probably filming it later this
week
alright so how do I know I think you
already how do I find it oh okay ready
oh well tell you why I'll tell you why
but I'm probably know I already did it I
need to be online I sent it to you
already
well I didn't get it yeah it was that
showed up or you hit that they go
everything's fine rich everything's fine
what's an almost not Jack no it's not
okay so now and now your honor duo yeah
we should be you you I think you're in
charge because you sent the invites so
you're gonna wanna take a match hit
agree again there we go and there we go
now we're working together
I'm the bald one rich has hair the
arrows are pointing to our screens let's
go let's die in our unsatisfying matter
no work now we got now so now we get to
work together rich no you got to watch
my six rich I'll go one way and you
watch my six okay we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna get the drop on people
I have never played anything but solo
before so this is gonna be I have to
click play - mine says matching alright
I was so I don't know if you have to
watch Jax the six get shot that's very
likely I'm just I'm gonna click
Plushenko quite sure alright okay I
guess we both had done ready alright
okay listen no we this is now we're
gonna get into some of the fun some of
the some of the tactics some of the you
watch my six as I don't know
housed some of the some of the like
flashbang grenade go go go ghost
SEAL Team six motherfucker Oh is there a
way that we can just mute everyone
else's audio cruelty
voice Channel none apply boom night
because I'll tell you that is the there
we go I'll say that is the worst part
about the game the absolute worst this
part is all the other people all the
other people suck so much sometimes I
will jump out of the plane mean as human
being specifically yes because of the
things they say and do on the microphone
they are awful awful human beings a lot
of times I will jump out of the airplane
as quickly as possible just so I don't
have to listen to them but now I've
muted all of them so it doesn't matter
alright so rich yeah when are we jumping
where are we going uh I don't know jack
I don't know you're the master of this
game yeah first of all obviously I'm
just an extremely bitter hater that's
true
about you that's true you are you are
full of hate rich let's see here let's
see if we can get two let's wait a
little bit I'd like to wait a little bit
I like let them go over there and figure
shit out do we jump separately or
together how does this work well we have
to be jump separately but I'm gonna say
I'm gonna say ready when I say go we're
gonna hit we're gonna head for that out
that pier over there and ready three two
one go
see you later sucka duck wait I'm
switching up see that how is cluster of
houses right to your right now all right
right by the road that's what we're
going that's what we're going it's a
great cluster of houses uh here we go
here we go oh shit I don't have my
headphones plugged in so I can't hear
anything
oh well I guess I'll hear it from Ridge
do you have headphones can you plug them
in real quick well not right now wait so
we're done with this magic right cuz
shits about to get real right now I
can't plug them invisible good jigger
with the conjugations no no it's fine
let's see what we can find here now hey
I'm just I'm counting on your speakers
to be my ears back Pecola says that's a
silly what'd you find out ready once you
find a pistol you find a pistol that's
great and some gas we have live gasoline
gasoline does not do us oh I found a pan
we're good we won we won the game I
found the pan don't worry about anything
anymore rich first of all I found a pan
and I found a pistol at level two
shotgun choke and bandages nice and grab
it all grab it all painkillers okay I
got a nice a cake I got I got a nice
coat yeah I got a really badass coat
let's helpful but you know great helmet
I got a med kit
I got a skull cam nice beautiful forearm
grip thing that I can't use right out
okay great
doing great more gas don't worry about
gas we don't oh we're right next to the
zone okay where are you there you are I
see you
yeah I'm still searching the sound that
oh you're in that house okay I was in a
whole different house I found bandages
found a vest
all right we got to get together I'm
coming to you you just you just hang
tight I got a helmet I think that I'm
the one entering the house please do not
shoot me their friendly fire I'm some of
this friendly fat I would assume there's
friendly oh your upstairs okay
so now rich yeah you got to watch my six
I I need a better weapon I have a
fucking pistol okay well then let's find
you a better weapon we in all these
houses up here no just one I came to you
I'm gonna watch your six you in the big
house I'm I was right next to you I mean
this house in front of us were you in
here before yeah I was in there Oh rich
you could we got to stay together man
where are you I'm looking for a weapon
we are a team now I watch your back you
watch my back you got it you gotta let
me know where you're going why do you
think I was asking about the big house I
don't know like a shotgun or a machine
gun there's some sort of machine gun and
uh yeah helmet
oh shit oh shit
something's broken rich like blaming
broken oh God
define broken when I hit my my button to
to look around freely it's now stuck so
now I can't aim my gun I hit my button
to look around freely and now I can look
around freely but I can't aim my gun so
we're doing great so far I feel that
bulletproof vest in here I mean okay
well let me get let me get inside here
if I can and I know how long I got I got
switch up some of my controls here you
watch my back while I switch up controls
gosh darn work where is your back yeah
there's my back all right hold on all
right I'll take time
there we go okay everything's fine there
was a bulletproof vest in here or did
you no no that's in there okay great all
right what's upstairs
I don't know I wish probably get to the
circle right we have a whole minute
we're pretty we're pretty darn close to
the circle I have some med kits if we
could find some like some painkillers or
some energy drinks I'd be pretty happy
huh I've got it I've got I think I've
got one of each can I drop things huh
you can but yeah let's not worry about
it you got him are you okay under the
painkillers I just haven't understood
drink all right so let's um let's head
towards that line let's head towards uh
I'm gonna place a marker let's head
let's head there and it should show up
on your mouth you see it on the compass
huh does it show up on your map nice you
know oh yeah yeah okay all right all
right so we just have to constantly
watch each other six is rich and we'll
be good all right jack all right it's
all about the six I will watch the six
there's a card you want to get in a car
yeah I want to get the car okay you want
a driver you want you I'll Drive okay
six is I all plan time where do we go in
the car to the thing I said already
that's right at the edge you want what
do we want we have an opportunity to
drive wherever we want on this map sure
okay do we want to go more somewhere
more inland sure how about here
boom that's barely more in Linda but
it's something great all right wait my
driving controls aren't controlling
right why aren't why aren't I driving
right no no no don't worry rich I'll
Drive I got your six right yeah turn
right into her love why aren't you
turning right or left odeon it's because
I had it set for the Chuck uh yeah don't
worry I got your six all right you get
my six you keep my six I'm all about
your six I'm all about your six and I
got it out look at this this is great
this is how you do it one person drives
one person shoots
it's great you're doing great rich
who wants some who wants some so many
sixes are gotten I don't feel like
they're safe no doors are open they're
not safe there's someone over here or
someone looted them already they want to
find a nice isolated house yeah well
that's why I went in a little bit but
not too far
why not too far huh why not go in a
chunk because the more you go in the
more chances
people can hear us when we're in the car
and that makes us a target okay anything
in here you need what's in there guns
and ammo I find some ammo I'm fine
9-millimeter you're good I'm good all
right the fucking house was a gigantic
waste of our time
that's all right you know what you know
but if there was other stuff in there
then we would have been golden all right
let's rock work you anywhere you want
man I got your six
what's wrong with seven and eight
okay there now I got your seven your
eight your nines covered but mostly your
six I think I think the idea rich is
that if I have your six covered I kind
of have the seven in the eighth and in
your peripherals you know check this
little house okay and then let's let's
search for and kill anybody who might be
in those homes up ahead I've got an
energy drink for you Jack nice nice so
you think there might be some people up
there yes
okay let's certainly drive up or did we
just walk up I mean we're we're we're
good in the in the zone now so somebody
else will take our car and that makes
them the target and we'll hear them and
shoot their asses and take our car back
all right all right
which house are you going to huh I'm
going to
this cluster over here I'm right I'm
right behind you I'm right behind you
you know why I'm behind you rich because
you're on my six I'm on your fucking six
tell me when somebody drives away with
their Jeanne you'll hear it before I do
all right now hold on we're gonna do
some recon here some tactics I'm gonna
I'm gonna crawl up to this this fence
Jack you know what I'm gonna hide in
this Bush right here
I'm gonna hide in this Bush and they
won't even fucking see me we deserve to
die why I'm gonna fucking bush they
can't handle this shit they can't handle
this shit all right I'm in a cornfield
I mean I'm gonna hey yeah there are open
doors okay so someone was here at one
point and they could very easily be
camping in here because they're inside
the good zone right let's plan are we
going to advance on the houses yeah well
yeah that's the plan I'm just basically
I'm keeping an eye on the hill behind
you to make sure no one's fucking
sneaking up on us but now that I'm
getting closer you got to watch my six
man what's that that little house first
yeah all right
we're going in tactically what does that
mean exactly I have no fucking idea I'm
gonna I'm gonna go in and this house is
probably empty
they're probably in that big Barney
house if they're in a house right I'm
gonna check upstairs
Oh a jacket shit is that it that would
be our Jeep yeah no that means someone's
here man oh there there where they're at
the door shut the door I got one of them
nice
all right uh what I bind med kid to
advantage right yeah I guess he's gonna
sneak around back
I'm gonna see if I can sneak around
behind him and I'm gonna heal up
oh no they're both dead they're both
dead bolt up they're both oh we did good
we did good rich we did good we got we
got painkillers we got energy kits we
got med kits for xqo we got a times
three back yeah I'll take a damage
there's a back ooh
level three humbug I don't have any
helmet me right now so I'll take that
level two backpack for you I got a level
three I'm good
while you search I'm gonna get your back
and then you get my back while I search
it all right see how that works and by
the way that's why you I'm really leery
about cars cuz we heard them coming
right uh-huh that's why that's why you
got to be super careful cars what is
this alright Jack I'm gonna search you
get my back here we go nice shotgun
and all this ammo ammo I think I like
this better
Oh in an eight-time scope boom oh do you
need a pan yeah yeah I need a pan I just
put there's a pan in here yeah oh shit I
don't have any ammo for this gun button
what does it take five point five points
on this guy this was a ton of amyl in
this guy's pack yes boom that's what I
was looking for all right great
now I got some ammo and I got a nice
long Ranger alright so do we want to try
to hold this house we're barely we have
another car - yeah oh this is so nice
we're barely inside the white zone shit
what's wrong what's wrong there's a car
over here alright they drive i yeah
like probably saws though
well we're in the circle yeah we can be
cautious and we can check check upstairs
check somebody other houses by me and we
actually find something okay let's check
this for uh which one which one this one
no let's check this barn house here yeah
I was thinking yeah who's gonna peek in
the windows over here so far I'm
enjoying this more with two yeah
now there could be someone just in here
hiding in a room I understand that so if
you open a door kind of like open it and
well this door are suspiciously closed
what door this one okay
shoo huh hambo shot you Jack don't how
about that look you won't you like the
painkillers right
alright suppo in fact you know what I
need check the scrape check this crate I
need some nice I need some painkillers
right now because they shot me well we
both got shot a little bit jack that's
true so then you use a painkillers and
energy drinks slowly right now I'm using
bandages that that works too that works
too I'm gonna use painkillers cuz I like
drugs all right what's upstairs
I don't know watch my back I'm taking
drugs oh you're taking okay great let's
check upstairs now you look like
something out of Mad Max oh I know that
cool face mask damn shotgun couple guns
up here I can use a shotgun I don't have
any ammo for it that's opposed you could
drop some know that one corpse
downstairs had 12-gauge a 12-gauge if
you need them
thank you something oh here's a
respirator this will help if someone
throws smoke at us if you don't have
anything on your face I do not have
anything on my face yet yeah Oh which is
the good shotgun double-barrel
some of us here yep
sounds like they drove away cars man
cars
sounds like they could have just taken
that one car we left that's that's
possible that's very possible man all
right already
I wonder if you kill if you get one
person in a group if they both die cuz I
don't think I killed that other guy I
suppose you might have but he might have
died in earlier well no because it was
already there oh the backups on here did
they stop that sounded like driving away
noises to me it did we are now outside
the circle oh shit maybe that car is
still here probably not signed up but I
want to find that 12-gauge ammo anyway
it's still here oh good then we got a
car then we got a car rich
okay are you driving again that's fine
by me
okay nope
you get anyone I'm in I'm in and I'm
ready to shoot I mean it I'm ready to
shoot motherfucker also you're going the
wrong way motherfucker you just turn
around it's easy alright you want look
at the map and find a spot first to go
I'm fighting man shit
Rock gonna head to that farmhouse
there's probably bitches there no I want
to head somewhere in the zone okay then
just go I don't need this horseshit
then just go
my house is probably deaf yeah
doors closed it's near the zone I'm
getting I'm betting people are in there
I've got bad vibes from that house okay
man okay man I'm with you man I'm with
you all right we're in the zone man
let's find a place to hunker for a
little bit where we hunker in oh we're
gonna drive until we find a spot yeah I
don't know the car over there
shoot shoot them aim for the head yeah
yeah again you got one of them
keep God oh I got stuck in the map here
here I tried to run them over and it
didn't work no and by the way hey we did
great that's the first time god I feel
like we did great
here was the real problem with that is I
hit the fire button but I didn't hear my
shot until like a half a second later
because I'm only hearing from you yeah
but hey that was great I feel really
great about how we did you can run
people over yeah wow that was terrible
Thanks thanks for your vote of
encouragement dickhead it threw me off
that I didn't hear the sound when I hit
the fire button scared and confused but
hey we're doing great you shift to use
the cars turbo I don't believe that
there's a turbo button I think you're
pulling our legs all right fantastic
you see coach that kill what the heck
are you talking about I think I killed
one of them but I don't know but you
know what I don't know crocodile brain
says getting my tips in early why does
dream tips sick so bad on mobile
probably suck so bad on my way later TMG
is great jaw join us is masterful best
songs when will you die spoiler alert
and you don't like me I think all they
might be giants is masterful so I'm like
really biased
jack-jack out the guy in a car that was
a sweet kill honestly and you know what
here's that was fun the car chase was
fun I like that that was fun
here's here I made a mistake and here's
the mistake that I learned and it's
actually a mistake that I learned before
and I forgot it you know what sucks
about the eight times scope well the
eight times scope there we go the eight
am scope is really fantastic if you are
not moving and hunker down and your your
target is not moving too much but it's
too much of a zoom for mid-range combat
but your regular scope isn't isn't
zooming in enough a dispersed sniper
rifle shot exactly and so I should have
kept with my red dot sight for the
machine gun and I didn't and that was my
problem all right rich why don't you
exit to lobby and we'll go again all
right all right great is there a way to
change the zoom there's a way to change
your scope but not the zoom of the scope
I don't believe but you can change your
scope to get different zooms
yeah just arrived to the pub G stream
and didn't see jack lying in a field for
20 minutes super confused we were doing
stuff it was great we were doing stuff
hoped that we had a car iein cars need
to be more plentiful there around
there's a round no these are not pokemon
headphones these are um Star Wars
headphones I got these headphones for
like 12 dollars at Target and apparently
it has one of the best microphones on it
remember that guy in in a Friday the
13th when I had the mic yeah is their
gaming headphone so there's a little mic
input and there was a guy who's like man
what kind of mic are you using you sound
great to the point where I thought he
was making fun of me but apparently has
a good sounding microphone let's see
here geeky geeky app bar says hey guys
love from Turkey you guys are an
inspiration for our geek Channel oh well
great oh shit that's a lot of my
headphones turn the turn that off volume
down there we go let's see here I heard
your mic through another twitch dream
and it really sound it's out that's
amazing these cheapo gamer headphones
I've apparently have a great sounding
mic you know what Dan the man I have not
had a chance to play as doom fists yet
I've been I've been playing a lot of
this and working on some other stuff so
I haven't had a chance to play Doom
fists yet hopefully I'm a lot
ok so rich yep you once again you pick
you want me to pick all right I like
waiting a little bit all these all these
suckers jump out right away to try to
you know get the loot but we're gonna
way to be a little bit be patient
how about those sunken houses over there
the sunk oh the city underwater yeah how
do you like that you know what I don't
know let's go I already jumped already
jump shit shit shit rich you gotta give
me a bigger heads-up than that
I thought we I thought we it sounded
like we had agreed then you gotta get
another CT three two one go man here we
go here we go here we go here we go all
right I've had him for this three houses
on the outskirts to see yeah I see you
in my peripherals you're right
underneath me three outskirt tests I
might try to land on a roof more in
because that just seems to be where I'm
heading lots of people lining jack
well that's people landing near us yeah
shit I'm in the water
and I'm in the water I'm coming to you
I'm coming to you all right over okay
great I don't get my headphones on more
here so I can hear shit on me oh my god
I got some bandages I got some I got
shit rich I got a black shirt no you got
shit man okay I got a handgun
I'm in the house next door to you
shotgun show motorcycle helmet nice grab
it all grab it all for now until you got
to start making tough decisions med kit
the first-aid kit
yeah nice pistol which I guess I don't
really need okay here in that house I'm
gonna go to the house I'm to the house
north of you could really use a backpack
right about now buddy's in this house
that's next to Kenney corner to where
you are I was in there oh you were in
there I was in there I already searched
it I'm more suspicious of houses that
have doors closed just because I usually
closed doors when I leave what do you
got man is that you that's you right
that's me here yeah okay let's talk
about the noise oh no there's anything
upstairs
no there's nothing well there I mean
there's random stuff but nothing good
let's make our way to these other houses
we don't have much but how about these
two big houses over kind of north yeah
how long I'm going to take this Shack
really quick just boots I'm right behind
you I'm coming behind you
all right
right ahead and up the stairs up here
come on that's someone shooting at us
right
I don't know that feels like someone
either missing us or there's more people
in this town I'm going inside the house
I feel like they're not shooting at us
no but they're close it might be in the
house come on come on come on give me
something here give me something
oh this house is fucking empty no always
here's a bunch of windows and stuff they
might be in this house rich
level two backpack Oh God ice now you
can start carrying shit alright alright
alright where are you I'm right behind
you I'm right behind you did you search
this area I did alright let's go back
let's go downstairs
where was the egress over here it's this
door right here go downstairs yeah no I
didn't wanna get too far apart okay
right here a little vest for me
tell me if you see a backpack or any gun
that is better than a handgun
yeah we're not getting real lucky with
that are we no we are not
- excope shit
all right we keep moving keep moving
keep moving
are we okay we're in the circle though
so we got it we got a little bit of a
breather here to biggish houses over
here which ones what do they look like
you mean this one with like the fancy
Terrace okay we're heading there why not
yeah
this is outside again kind of this
doesn't help us all right what's over
here what's over water man that door is
open
what dar this door here okay I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go in and left you going
straight okay and that's how we clear
that's how we clear a house clear
probably and here I'm left probably
which isn't good for us finding shit I
know we're chasing ghosts here yeah this
is bad
it's all right you know what all we need
to do is find some corpses and we'll be
fine ya know the shotgun choke okay well
if we find a shotgun then we're good
yeah yeah all right I'm behind it all
right check out this light blue house
okay blue house
fucking pick clean this guy man this guy
might have it a little more
let's take a moment here and look around
I did get a vest at least fuck what are
we gonna do wait rich there's someone
over on this white and did you see him
yeah some son of a bitch oh there's no
door
I got some potshots on him and I'm using
my some of my healing here
yeah there you go fucker deal with some
smoke I'm heading in
shit rich we gotta kill this guy and get
lewd okay
okay you I'm going left
shit he's something he might be upstairs
still yeah he's probably upstairs still
alright ready this is gonna end poorly
jack yeah you know it right poorly for
him he's got a friend to still write Oh
motherfucker unless his friend already
died that could be that could be that's
you okay well if a fuck fuck man we're
great
we're great yeah eat it eat it fuck
alright watch my back I'm gonna heal up
alright I just got a med kit okay I need
that one of you bandage I'll take the
bandages oh I'll think they'll take his
first aid kit I need I need heals
motherfucker all right and then we need
fucking weapons Oh got a nice helmet in
here oh oh he's got a weapon - nice nice
I'm taking all this shit man did you
take his med kit
no oh thank you needed huh do you need
it I took this first-aid kit you take
the med kit I've got I've got a bandages
take the med kit it's it's big alright
med kit does a lot of healing I need the
first-aid kit now alright and I got a
nice big gun now there's a big gun in
here by the way I totally need one yep
everybody I'm just I'm just really glad
everybody was here for my great
one-liner rich says we're gonna have a
problem and I said I don't know what my
one-liner was but I felt good about it
at the time and it worked now I like the
Adrenaline's wearing off okay are you
ready to keep moving buddy oh let me I'm
gonna reload a bunch of shit yes
oh I got no ammo for this gun which one
oh you got a big gun don't you I think I
I have some extra ham before it oh yeah
here here here here
can I just oh I just gave you all of it
wait
do we have to move yes we do well not
very far so we're good I just gave you
all of that ammo can I have some of it
back yeah thank you
great sharing is caring now each got 30
bullets I wish we could split it that
would be I could use more than that I
got one clip huh I got one clip that's
gonna have to do man it's gonna have to
do all right where we going um well not
here because this is a balcony I can't
climb over right this house is northern
here of the houses in the circle let's
check that out
okay that's behind us yeah I wish this
map would rotate I'm used to match
rotating with you uh I'm kind of used to
it not rotating so drives me nutty every
time where are you I'm here I am here
wherever here is I am to your left or
well back in the house yeah no I'm
heading through a house okay it was a
tactical move oh I'm sorry sorry I'm not
being tactical I'm just walking around
willy-nilly like a fucking asshole I'm
caught on this fence tactically great
you going through the house again yeah
no I close this door behind us you know
I always be closing doors I've been
playing some invisible ink lately and
you know that's the have you that game
you know when I went back at first I
didn't much care for it
now I'm getting into it again and
playing it on the iPad so it's been a
nice nice little bathroom game anyone
honor six huh anyone on our series
fucking nobody on our six so the houses
we came from initially I think right
just three yeah those three are where we
came from and we need you want a head to
that church up there yeah okay is that
what that is this rooms I think so
that's probably a hot spot so let's hang
out by these rocks for a second yeah and
and see if anybody spots us if I don't
start shooting just run to those fucking
rocks but
think we're pray and I'm not gonna say
anything because that's just inviting
danger let's hang about danger means
we're having fun
you know this is the intense part of it
rich oh you got a two times scope - yeah
oh yeah
now our fucking golden man 2 times scope
is where it's at I'm gonna start moving
up all right come on you move to this
other rock okay yeah
it's many rocks as you can keep in
between us and them cuz I'm sure there's
somebody in there you caught up you
caught up huh I am right on your six
here we go we're doing it we're doing
great
no one in the water
that is like a fortification though and
all these ruins there could be a number
of bitches
hiding inside them ruins can we get up
top here yeah did you chose poorly oh
shit that's okay I'm running this
outside of the bomb zone nice fuel over
there I saw some stuff that wasn't
necessarily picked clean so this area
might be free from beaches but we got to
get out of the bomb bomb right now I'm
worried about it being free of bombs I'm
with you I'm right behind you this is
just a terrible spot oh my god
serpentine serpentine so okay we're out
of bombs own but now we are if Wyatt in
the open here rock
now let's get up to someone check this
bitch out get up we're up here this to
them am i right yeah
West I'm right behind you oh this is
like this is like literally nothing oh
there might be something over here I'll
tell you what to our Southwest there's
two homes to our Southwest yeah okay I'm
pointing oh I see is that seems like
it's good way to go sunny is that within
the zone yeah yeah these guys over here
oh they're uh is that what you're going
talking about yeah yeah that was sorry
had I got those looking at maps I got
distracted just trying to be efficient
here with our here hold on let's just
take a moment let's just take a moment
we got some nice high ground and some
nice cover up here just take them home
and look around see if there's anybody
we can pick off real quick anybody we
can hear now
see if there's anyone down in these
ruins now that the bombing is over all
right
you ready to do it yeah yeah all right
I'm right behind you I am right behind
you rich Oh someone to our someone to
the left of us
oh maybe not maybe right in front of us
the probably in those houses hell is a
chance for shooting at us I'm moving up
with these trees okay a little bit to
our right I see yeah I'll stay over here
and I'll get I'll get the crossfire
going yeah they're deaf there's some
ones over there if they were shooting at
us we'd probably hear the whizzes I'm
gonna crawl over by these rocks over
here something we're gonna get the
awesome crossfire action crossfire oh
you will be caught up in the crossfire
haha let's take this fucking house rich
that's my plan this is our fucking house
what do you see I see nothing so far
great great I also see nothing they are
shooting at something over there though
is the door open
can you see a door you cannot see a door
at all I think that might be a door yeah
I think it's open no it's a window no
idea great though my murder senses tell
me that the house is occupied someone's
over someone's over there shooting now
you're you're moving in pretty close
here
I'm just peek peep in windows here and I
don't see anything all right you're
gonna head up to me the other house has
an open door yeah
I know I I'm heading to you we're gonna
see if we can peek in here this house
does have an open door I can shoot him
through this window well that's not
gonna help you very much there's no one
in that kitchen that I can see shit no
I'm dead where were they
you don't know wait I'm not dead no I
can tell you I can hear you if I can
find whoever's shooting at us I see him
I see him I see him I see him I see him
I see him
shit you just stay alive rich
shit
the house was a lie jack huh the house
was a lie
keep him down keep him down I'm headed
eat yeah it's fine I was gonna die and I
was gonna that you so I thought maybe I
could revive you and get a little backup
but it's off it's fine
whoo I've got some cover beefcake
they're pretty bad start
yeah that was a pretty but you know what
look uh we made it past the halfway mark
20 out of 50 Sam the house was a trap
Oh yep go and check out the house while
we wait outside yeah I like that traps
trap myself oh well shit no cover no
cover strats I was behind a tree you
know why I didn't watch Rich's six
because they came from Rich's three I
had a six all covered they came from his
three I wasn't anticipating that so
we're officially loves this game no but
I like this a lot more than I like
single well because when it's boring
there's someone to talk to
yeah yeah I hold on I needed water all
right
I feel like I'm I'm in charge of stuff
now and not just constantly getting shot
in the back but it's only been two
matches Dunkirk
I've been Kirk is alright did you know
war is bad and dramatic I didn't know
that war was like a horrible and
dramatic until I saw Dunkirk but now I
know that war is horrible and dramatic
I saw I saw Dunkirk with Karen I said
Dunkirk
did you know that war was horrible and
dramatic this this movie had completely
opened my eyes that good huh here's five
say it's nothing revolutionary
no I'm it's not doing anything that's
saving for a Saving Private Ryan didn't
do with a little bit more style Oh 20
years ago
sure oh wait are you saying Saving
Private Ryan did it yeah yeah
Dunkirk just a lot of nicely film shots
and horrible things you know saving a
primer I had a lot more you know more
juicy characters but a hook well the
head Spielberg get a deal Berg who gave
it a little bit of a heart and and if
it's one thing Christopher Nolan isn't
necessarily good at
it's like humanizing his characters he's
right in fact he's really bad at that
you know he's he's a he's a fine
filmmaker but usually his main character
is devoid of humanity war one
they're both world war two is Dunkirk
world war two yeah I don't know I got
that old-timey helmet on but it's it's
it's Germany chasing the French had
France they mentioned Churchill a number
of times in the film okay I know I know
it's a very it's a it's a passion
project for Nolan Dunkirk cuz you know
it's a big it's a big British thing
right it's a good movie yeah I guess
it's more of a famous event in old
Britannia of course yeah it's big for
them because you know let's get hold of
our boats let's get all of our boats and
go to war cheerio I had to look up what
Dunkirk well I didn't know about
oh yeah history behind it me too I think
I saw a little feature on it
are you glitched I hit play maybe I'm
just playing you haven't okay or I'm
glitched I either would well I neither
would surprise me
maybe you're glitched I also can't click
cancel I think I'm just all right you
know what I'm just flat out frozen oh
yeah I see that
beefcake I think every game is better
when you have someone to watch your sex
I mean that's just that's rule number
one
just get someone to watch your sixes and
you know we're playing together we can
chat we can come up with a strategy and
it's it's a lot everything's more fun
amazing accent I know the Dunkirk way
Natan to make the boats go to the beach
to get the soldiers oh geez no tee time
tonight cuz I'm dead because I'm dead
war is hell sentry load button top right
is designed for whenever the lobby
doesn't load hitting any of those
buttons did nothing those buttons were
all completely unresponsive we'll see
what happens I hit the reload button
we'll see what happens if you're still
in my team or not no I think I'll say
this for the theater I saw it in yeah
way too loud oh yeah wait I had to put
my fingers in my ears way too loud
that's that's apparently one of no one's
like big pushes with this is like making
sound is annoyingly loud are you telling
me that Nolan made a sound there is
another movie we got it's another Nolan
movie where you have Tom Hardy wearing a
mask on the lower part of his face only
you can hear him really annoying and
unclear nonlinear edits going on really
I saw the same ship get sunk in three
different parts of the film and
everything looks the same so it doesn't
feel like you're part of a different
thing
hmmm interesting interesting rich oh I'm
on fire it seems that I'm on fire
loudness yes no no no one's a quality
filmmaker I'm not gonna make fun of
Nolan I just you know I'm making fun of
Nolan I just don't care to see his
movies anymore cuz I'm still reeling
from Dark Knight Rises that movie sucked
sucked so um
alright let's see here where's what's
the plan this time do you want to try
let's see what's you you know this map
you you like this game more than I do I
do you know the things better than I do
I don't know if I know the things better
than you do but let's see what we can
find over here okay to the north there's
like a high-rise building three two one
go
maybe I was mistaken
oh yeah yeah no we won't get there any
time just drop straight down let's see
here oh right to your right ringer I'm
headed there you go that's what we're
gone
that's we're gone we were not close
enough to the high-rises little cluster
of houses and then and then that little
warehouse to the to the top of it we go
the trailer park yes yes Batman
Lieut away motherfucker nice jack I
landed on the roof Jack there's nothing
on the roof mad roof strats there's
nothing on the roof I landed on nothing
oh yeah some of the roofs don't have
anything that's that's that's fine I got
a gun and I got a med pack already so
you know not a complete waste of time so
far but I got a helmet a coat like I
said I know it sounds silly I say these
things out loud out loud so we're all
informed rich we all know what's going
on there's a car that car just passed us
I don't know if it stopped like it drove
by I don't know I heard a car I heard
nothing
it could have driven by alright what
house are you in this house that you can
see on your mini-map I think it's the
blue house okay this little trailer home
on the floor here biker helmet oh you
got a you got a nice helmet now that's
like no two backpacks two backpacks okay
I'm coming I'm coming to you that packs
a little room I'm coming to the blue
house I think the car drove past sickled
drove past or not we still have to find
a weapon before we can do anything I
have a handgun alright I have a scar el
you have a scar el so what the fucking
weapon is called Jack I don't name
things oh you go you've got a nice big
gun okay alright alright
did you get that helmet there here you
know what I was so I was so excited
about your helmet I didn't even think
about how much alright so I mean vests
let's check out this little shack over
here an empty empty
oh wait some stuff alright let's go to
the barn the big burn big barn was this
way I think this way I can see it on the
map it's this plane yeah that's a big
yellow
rusty car rusty car
I'm gonna Bush that's fantastic I just
wanna let you know that I'm gonna Bush
rich I don't recall seeing any other
parachutes I don't either but that car
might have swung by here hopefully they
looted and left but so you know here's
the plan we rush into the door you have
you have more range so you check left
and I check right wait wait wait for you
for being wait for me
you check left I check right ready ready
go
all right great looks like a classic
loot and leave I don't see anything here
no except for a shotgun well I think I
got a choke - I know I got loops that's
something what are the loops - I think
it makes reloading faster when I get
what I get I pick some up and ain't
nowhere was mo I got a handgun over
there dot sight oh well that's good for
your gun oh we choked I got a choke nice
all right we can't we get we can do some
damage now all right where are we headed
we're in we're in the zone rich we have
been lucky with the zone little two
little houses northeast northeast what
you think good as good a plan as any
wait for me though please
yeah yeah I'm just a meter rich don't
leave me behind I'm just standing money
right please don't leave me behind
was that vest boom was that handgun ammo
Oh rich I think there's another vest
here second show yeah there's another
vest here I got him
no no big good Wester oh where oh sweet
Jack thank you all right here we go here
we go here we go here we go here we go
here we go now
I only have a handgun and a shotgun so
my options for ranged are hopefully find
you a better long-range weapon up here
yeah but we can always we're pretty dead
center in in the middle of the circle so
we can take our time just keep an ear
out keep an ear out for any cars any
footsteps any shots purchasing the house
on a blind side I've been playing a lot
with headphones recently and this is
just one of those games that you really
need to play with headphones switching a
shotgun alright let me go let me go
around back here don't don't be near a
window yet I'm gonna see if I can see
anything
I'm already I'm already near the window
check huh it looks empty looks clear
I'm breaching breach breach it's fine
it's clear we're clear we're all clear
Energy Drink
tech of that showcase I find a shotgun
no nothing interesting nothing
interesting no I don't this was my plan
oh this was it that was it your whole
plan on the whole plan well shit man
okay take it as we come let's head here
I just put something on the map alright
I think it says it should be right north
of us what's going on we're young I'm
looking for a way around this fence okay
do we check that house no we did that we
did not check that house rich Oh shotgun
specialist I'll take a shotgun and does
that suppressor work for your gun No
all right
but so yeah I've been playing a lot
recently with headphones on and it is
shocking the difference it makes just
hearing footsteps like knowing where
shots which direction shots are coming
from it is really one of those one of
those headphone games where there's
nobody behind us I'm watching her six
you got her fix I don't see anyone I
mean this is a pretty we're out in the
opening I'm not super psyched about our
cover so let's head towards those rocks
and trees over there we are our balls
are hanging out rich we're balls out and
that is not a good thing in public
shit happens shit happens jack I don't
want shit to happen I want murder to
happen but murder of someone else you
know and rock nope okay there's someone
behind a rock they'd be so dead that was
one of this house up here I put it I put
it map on the marker yeah it looks like
we're on I put a marker on the map
bridge I know I don't think your markers
at that house though there's a big house
over right might be more trouble than
it's worth
that big yeah yeah let's stick to this
house you know how rich we got to do
something a stick of these little house
fine take my time oh there's a car
there's a car to the south of us moving
car yep moving car moving car yeah I
find it find a cover and where's it
going it's going away from us it's
following the road so I think it's it's
that's fine
oh wait wait wait it's reappearing it's
that way do you see where I'm pointing
she want was fun shit I accidentally
fired my gun someone probably heard that
rich I accidentally fired my gun as I
was pointing I would be terrible in a
survival situation I want to know that I
want to let you know that I'm sorry if I
bring doom to this mission I don't think
they heard that all right let's keep
let's go to the original plan yes
because we didn't cover now we need to
get to the house
oh I think there's gunshots I hear
gunshots somewhere maybe i spooked
someone rich maybe i spooked someone
with my shot and you started shooting
wildly maybe it was strategy all along I
don't I don't think it was no oh no by
the way you're getting way ahead of me
huh oh you're not way enemy are you
crawling yeah we're doing crawling okay
are we doing Mad crawling strats when
they seem to make sense well no you're
not crawling anymore well you weren't
crawling so I didn't see a point uh-huh
all right what I was aiming like this
and you walked your head was literally
in my sights
rich rich wait and I was looking behind
because I don't want to get ambushed in
the house again it's not a ton of ambush
points which is nice I'm not gonna be
shooting from down beneath the house
we're bad like it next to a hill and
there were high ground by the house I'd
worry
which which house are you going to ah
right well you see the one I'm looking
at yeah I'm just checking for snipers
all right I don't see anything which
house do you want to go to you want to
go up there first I don't care I let's
check out this red house all right see
if we can find a way in here there's a
little hole in the fence over here
where are you at work oh yeah with the
doors open yeah you wait around that
corner I'm gonna rock around at the
other side of the house I'm gonna wait
at this corner yeah yeah okay okay I'm
ready I'm ready rich full-auto
that door is open that this this back
door is open
and there's there's a like an exposed
area over here with garage I'm gonna
kick this door open
okay and you go in okay on one one okay
three two one
looks empty let's close these doors then
we could hear them open if they open all
right is there an upstairs to this place
well that was Shh carp fly there's a fly
buzzing around didn't sound like no fly
ever heard before
all right next next up is that the big
brick building with the garages let's go
check out in there how we doing map wise
work it's kind of closing in us about we
got time
it's a red Sun a red dot sight
you need one eye up the stairs you go
left I'll go right
great excellent clearing excellent
clearing rich there's a level two helmet
I'll take it all right do you have a
level I've got a level two nice there's
two here anyway nice you Inc well shit
oh oh there's more upstairs oh shit
we're not safe yet
you've got the shotgun okay all right
I'm going right all right
and we're clear we are clear this is a
really nice vantage point up here yeah
what's your range what do you have like
a good scope on yours no I'm just gonna
rent outside why don't we hang here and
see where the circle closes in I'm done
with that
Mike there's just so much vantage i'd
love having a 4x scope but you know
sometimes is is what is his jack oh okay
there's a car over near the bomb zone
over there was that you nope
huh someone hit me someone hit you yeah
yeah we got something firing on us
someone taking potshots huh probably
coming from over there
you don't have a good long-range weapon
right now
I don't like I don't have a good scope
anything coming from that blue house
probably is what I'm assuming yeah do
you think he came from that direction or
I am I have no idea I just spoken him
I'm spooking him a little bit see if I
can rattle their cages yeah where did
that hit where they hit from that hit me
oh shit from where from where I have no
idea okay it's it's coming from it's
coming from east let's go inside let's
go inside we will have a better chance
of dealing with them from the inside
it's coming from from the east though
okay we're still inside the circle we're
good they're gonna energy drink I have
no health items huh how bad are you
hitting 25% left oh yeah I dropped the
first-aid kit
thank you
I would feel a lot better if we could
see these fuckers
they gotta be coming from that blue
house that's what I had assumed at least
we're in no rush right now no no we're
inside the we're inside the the line
I just like you know if I can if I can
get a spot on them
if I can get a spot on them but I'd only
spend too much time by the windows you
know and that's it's only a theory that
they're coming from the east they could
be coming from fucking anywhere but it
seemed like when I was on the west side
of the building they weren't hitting me
you know
let's see you slithering around let's do
you think we could sneak into the other
house
that house is west of here car car car
back up back up
are they right in front of me where are
they
where'd they go
did you see him I'm at the stairs huh
yeah come upstairs where the fuck were
they there was definitely a car I heard
a car gosh dang it
there outside huh there outside
somebody's firing yeah
check the windows I got the stairs
covered okay there's no you know there's
no one right outside in our front yard
and I'm not seeing any movement at the
blue house see here over on the west
side I see no one in our front yard
I see no movement I see nothing rich all
right they're only covers that are those
houses and soon enough we're all gonna
have to run yeah oh wait nope stones
down there someone's down there in the
place yeah someone's just at our garage
door I saw him I saw a little glimpse of
him
I saw a tiny little glimpse of them yep
they're there they're down there
they're definitely down there they're
right there like right underneath you
another way down don't think I got them
and I'm about dead all right
you don't think you got him I'm moving
very slowly am i injured is that wine
possibly
I'm gonna drop down from upstairs yeah I
was just thinking the same thing
ah well ooh that was exciting though
that was a good idea in a bad shot
absolutely what is Jack doing I was
getting the drop on him I don't I think
did you die from fall damage or did he
know he shot me oh okay
why can't you aim jack because I got
excited I got all excited number 22 yeah
last time I got to number 20 it feels it
feels less cheap with to someone to
watch your back am yeah I'm gonna watch
your six all right let's go exit the
lobby let's take a moment to get to some
tips here we'll take a little breather
get this shit off my ears it's hot in
here all right let's see here here's a
grateful tip from a Jigglypuff for the
laughter therapy I received after
watching your Barbie prom queen stream
gleeful Jack and Rich's victory howl
turned a rough day into a joyous one
Cheers
that's a great game mm-hmm
let's see here invisible strengths is
rich yep a big part of every stream is
watching chat's and just games that we
all know you would hate if you could
banish away any game in the world no it
never existed all the Final Fantasy's
all of them well really just the one
write all of them because if you just
banish that first one they never make
any of the sequels you can choose one
game to banish okay that's great there
you go
gay Polly says you're doing so well it's
so much more fun watching you two work
together I'm sending you guys a couple
of best of the worst movies thank you at
the worst you'll just end they'll end up
on the shelf as the back on in the
background absolutely absolutely but
rich I heard you love FF 13 ff13 is it
somebody apps for that to really work Oh
it's too many apps you know there since
since our review of Friday the 13th came
out they have made no updates to the
game there have been no updates to the
game in weeks yeah I've really loved
they could be working as a big wow
whatever look some more stuff to do
or guy can't comply get him fair money
you say that game oh right no I'm not
coming I'm not complaining I'm just
expecting are you guys gonna try 20xx
when it leaves early access in August
that's probably a bit more excited about
that one than I am that might give that
a good look give it a look we played
that a bit uh in early access I'm
shocked it's leaving early access I I
figured that would be I figured that
would be one of those early access
forever games a lot like this game I
have a feeling that this game is going
to be an early access forever let's see
here epic Jason X 9000 says good evening
gentlemen for the next stream that there
is a game that I highly recommend you
guys check out on Steam is slain back
from hell
it's like Dark Souls meets Castlevania
and heavy metal alright slain that
actually sounds awesome
it does sound awesome but I'm worried
that I haven't heard of it if it's that
awesome right I would have heard of it
there's just you know what there's a lot
of shit rich there's a lot of shit what
is 20xx a megaman game yeah Tony xx is a
procedurally generated Mega Man X
basically shit really generator than you
would expect
sure but generally some maps I have
randomized features randomized power-ups
but it was a lot more random early on
wasn't it I guess they just didn't think
it was making for a good levels I think
so yeah I think you're right and it's
been in early access for a while that's
saying mega maker is superior you ever
check out meta may have no checked out
mega make him it's neat good let's see
what we got here abominable scotsman
said is this a new map sure is bright
where's Jason
lol fudge my cookie
I get it blh productions says watching
the reviews that let me try blood-borne
loan to my new roommate Last Guardian
and he said good luck because
blood-borne is hard I responded you two
because last Guardian has shitty
controls a little blood-borne Last
Guardian swap that's great that's great
uh hey rich says AB 78 have you seen a
rival no I haven't okay I probably
should Jack any news on Project Hornet
and plus your volume is a bit low you
can turn your volume up if we turn our
volume up too high then we start peaking
and everybody hates it they mean
relative to me
uh you talk testing testing one two
three testing testing it seems like
we're about at the same time don't worry
about it they can turn the fucking great
the the it's moving forward I keep
getting email updates Oh bother is
working there's a game volume too low
this game volume is tricky because there
is no game volume until you hear like a
deafening shot but yeah if you want to
do this that's why it's safe to have it
off my bad every now and then I'll turn
the game volume up don't you well yeah I
might be a little quiet while we play
just because I'm not facing our normal
TV I'm facing my monitor so a little
different but I will try it I'm trying
let's see here seven years Kirk says
Jack have you tried any free or cheaper
video editors if so would you recommend
any of them
not lately just because you know I have
my professional editor but I started
editing in iMovie and iMovie has what
you know that's a free video video
editing program on Apple computers and
it has a ton of really simple control
you can't do a lot especially titles are
super weak but you know what you can do
titles in another program like a like a
free Photoshop clone and do your titles
in there and bring
in there there's a ton of free programs
but I got started in iMovie and I
remember enjoying that some of the some
of the first videos I made I made nine
movies they can't randomize the fucking
spawns for pub ji-sun locations and
vehicle spawns some of them are
randomized some of them are permanent no
none of them should be permanent I agree
Tiberius Kirk yeah give Windows Movie
Maker try I hear it's very similar to to
iMovie and you know Bill build up as you
need and as you learn more once you're
ready to Punk down not even plunk down
$50 once you're ready to spend you know
a little bit of money you can give Adobe
Premiere a try for free and see if that
fits you and if that's too much for you
or $50 too much a month or if that's
just too much editor for you you know
there's plenty of free programs out
there unfortunately I just don't know
many of them shadow I have nothing
against Christopher Nolan saying I got a
feeling a rich isn't a huge movie like
The Dark Knight is fucking great movie I
like right I like you I like Rises you
like I'm not love with it but I like
Rises and I didn't like the Dark Knight
is a great movie Inception fucking great
movie what was his first one was his
first big hit where they were the guy
loses his memory
he has the memory of last thing lament
momento momento is a great movie he
makes good movies but thank you yeah
everybody gets it right as rich gets it
memento no he makes really good movies
III got to see the prestige I want to
see the person I haven't seen oh yeah I
haven't seen it either
I know what it's about knowing what it's
about
that sounds great it sounds fucking
great don't like inception it's nonsense
ago oh I like inception I think
inception is an really neat sci-fi
action movie and the way they handle the
Syfy elements I think I was wonderful I
just didn't think Dunkirk was the most
amazing thing that has ever happened it
reminded me a lot of Saving Private Ryan
without without that Spielberg in
motions motions personal connection
people by the way that sounds exactly
like Christopher Alan it reminds me a
lot of really great filmmakers without
any of the heart to emotionally things
happen but you know on the whole ya know
that's all of nolan that's that's his
whole shtick
which is fine I'm not saying he's a bad
filmmaker I'm you know everyone knows
that he does his main characters
generally lacked yes Dunkirk was like a
two-hour long nightmare it's like oh my
god what horrible thing is going to
happen next they get on a boat you know
something Awful's gonna happen to the
boat because this movie has been
non-stop oh my god that's horrible
I'm glad that's not happening to anybody
I care about Oh at least I don't need to
worry about emotionally connecting to
any of these people's thanks Nolan
there's one dad there's just one bad
he's cool he's cool down with him
everyone else he does a bad thing yeah
and you say hey I've heard of fathers
before
that's what Nolan said know what Nolan
goes I've heard of this concept called
fathers I think we should have one
enough film and they're like like mr.
Nolan you mean like like a dad yes yes
I've heard of this if I'm Tom Hardy as a
Spitfire pilot was one of the best
things I've seen all year he suppose 90%
of the movie you can't even see his face
I was like it wasn't I use like only was
it I think I don't know he was I didn't
know who's in it oh my god didn't take
it off at the end then by then I was
like yeah okay
it was Tom Hardy okay okay and you know
it's a great movie when they spend the
whole are we going I think I know that
actor really he doesn't have that many
wines and you never see his face
supposin they could put up monkey in
that role it would have made much of a
difference fine act in monkey room he
plays a pilot who can't hit anything
until he's almost out of fuel and then
he shoots everything down oh hey hey so
we're gonna do for you he's we're gonna
do for him we're gonna start you off
with not a lot of fuel this run man why
would suddenly you can hit everything
was he's completely out of fuel we're
just gonna tell him he doesn't have any
fuel I purposefully broke his fuel gauge
and he'll just think he's really low all
the time it works don't question it okay
was I watching Oh II just yesterday my
kids picked a movie to watch and so
we're going through Netflix and they
watched what turned out to be like an OK
ish kid schlock movie called sky-high
yeah see sky-high it's the one now it's
got Kurt Russell in it and he's like a
really famous superhero and then he
sends his kids a superhero high school
ok to Disney Channel it's a Disney movie
and its total flock yeah it's sort of
like teen high school schlock and my
kids loved it of course but I kept
seeing really young actors in an aside
who the fuck is that I know that guy and
as it turns out you might not this
that won't matter anything to you but in
season three of Fargo the actors who
played Nikki Swanson yeah as a teenage
girl isn't it a logic is what - that's
right and the girl who's in the flash TV
show is in it and the guy who stars in
the expanse isn't it as a young brooding
man these people know that they're older
and it was cute yeah it was cute to see
them being brooding teenagers is great
just just don't care I'm giving it a lot
of shit right now but that's just me
having fun overall I like the movie yeah
Dunkirk is a good movie yeah but it
reminded me a lot of just Saving Private
Ryan just missing a little bit of heart
right well and 75% less heart and Saving
Private Ryan I'm gonna say 75% less
heart yeah and by the way that
significant amount of heart well made it
is a quality filmmaker but yeah he's not
he's not well known for his emotional
connections through his leading men
Swango Swango oh yeah and Bruce Campbell
is in it that's true Bruce Campbell is
in skyhigh a bunch of people are it's
it's adorable
Dunkirk doesn't even mention Nazis or
Hitler once they didn't need to it
wasn't about the Nazis was budget this
horrible war situation right that I like
I've always seen the trailers but the
plot is there's a bunch of soldiers
trapped on this beach right yeah and and
they they they gather all of the local
boats all of the local fishermen and
boating this to go get him is that it
this is the very end yeah most of its
how do we get off of this horrible beach
well I I'm just going up a tree honestly
honestly like the there's stuff there's
like a few different stories going on
but this guy he was kind of the lead
really he's kind of just a coward like
everyone else everywhere else is waiting
in these long asked lines yeah he's just
trying to find any fucking way he can
off of the beach he's not waiting in the
line
he's looking to circumvent the system Oh
interesting interesting
no no let's see here rewind shock says
would rich in a crazy charlton heston
voice please say you maniacs
you blew it up I'm having crazy
shrillness maniacs you've blown it up
you finally did it
you got him daddy okay
you got dead dirty Apes you maniacs
you finally blowed it up that's due
Sonny bombs but with your lower jaw out
a little bit like that that's kind of
child that's headed Charlton Heston
that's any fun yeah maybe X so it is
Laura you got
load it up you've got and load it all up
what have you done you had a most okay
Texas Pan

[Part II]
okay
Texas panhandler says I bet $3 that
you'd both be dead before the alive
count hit 50 grats boys you made the top
50% I made her lose here's you I guess
one of my issues with this game I've
made top 5 twice really that's great
I barely saw a soul yeah
that's the real issue the real issue of
the game is there there is skill you
know aiming your shots tactically moving
around there is tactics both of those
both skill and tactics can be superseded
by dumb luck are we are we ready to move
on are we oh yeah we go again yeah are
we caught up on just that was it good so
yeah both get both can be superseded by
dumb luck which is just one of those
things where yeah if you happen to land
in the middle of the circle you can
fucking take your time most of my
gameplay footage
excuse me ugly / most of my gameplay
footage is me being in the middle of the
circle finding some decent items and
then hiding in a bush for 20 minutes and
then you know someone will walk by me in
the bush I'll shoot him I'll loot their
stuff go back in the bush cuz I'm in the
circle you don't have to move any plans
to group with viewers for pub games I
don't know like right now listen we're
barely handling two-player at the moment
let us get a little comfortable but
we're already incompetent do you really
want us to bring you down as well right
protip if you want to be a jackass head
over to these tables and pick up guns
and shoot everyone else don't do
anything else but you can be a jackass
I'm a jackass reload you go right up
next to someone else here and you get
right in the fucking face blow up the
fucking face
deal with it you fucking fuck where is
this area in the game where are you you
are you in the bunker
office
office for a buck on I am not sure
they could check your 9:00 and 3:00
that's true long Citroen we need we need
someone to check our 9-under okay
silly stupid
not jumping out in that City
mildly Pig
houses quite an excellent
somebody went to jump three
okay first fun turn around
see that farm - like 11 o'clock here
those two big red Barn's
that's where we're going unless someone
who gets there first get that fixed
I don't see anybody nice oh I think
there might even be a car over here rich
no this is the shack functional cheap
okay loot this looks rusty there's a
rusty cheek oh shit that's it that's not
a door to the house that's a Shack that
was a hidden Shack door I'm sure I got
shotgun backpack shit double barrel
great for life double barrel for life oh
shit I got a glitch
I got a glitch rich you take care of
that glitch drop the gun and pick it up
again there we go
I picked up a gun and it didn't believe
me that I picked it up I got a
suppressor for my machine gun rich
that's great that's great you know what
that is great I got a frag grenade all
right that's something oh did you say
good job do you have a shotgun yeah yeah
oh great I found a joke oh good Oh
give it back back yeah I got a love to
back back okay well what was that one I
think you're jumping at shadows what I
think you're jumping at shadows
absolutely sir a second story to this
fucker I have no idea
yeah guys like three other rooms I have
another vest in this house if you need
one there's a level one helmet great
first story near the stairs and another
big backpack level two upstairs
okay um holographic sights if you want
it great
where are you I'll find you never mind
okay in the top of the house that I'm in
currently yeah there's more shotgun
shots okay good John Apple grab them and
bring them with I can't I have no more
room okay okay to you to frag grenades I
come to you and get a backpack and some
shit I got some awesome guns I got the
choke no you gotta choke yeah Oh where's
the backpack and shit down sir
oh shit I told you bump bottom Florida
in stir oh there's one up here too oh
yes backpack there's a vest on stirrers
okay oh yeah that's the backpack helmet
here
you got a helmet and then there's room
I'm in best I'm going to get that
shotgun ammo
great Oh
we're inside the circle again yeah I'll
take it I'll take it
oh yeah I'm gonna head at least two
houses up here North drop up there
so what drop oh you know what I've never
gotten one of those okay let's play
smart let's play smart that's me being
right behind you I can use a big machine
gun I got a shotgun a pistol
you take that thank you
you go on the next house up
okay up there I don't call her by
anything too interesting
she is gonna double check in case I'm
looking for anything
we got bombs we're in a house there's a
little muzzle other shotguns joke I got
I got two good guns I'm happy with you
some more ammo a cave what does it take
it's a seven point seven two six two six
I just dropped some of that actually I
want some five two millimeter why did I
just drop some that because I didn't
have anything
could've been one house over
if see if I spot anyone flailing we have
plan ah no no we don't we're hanging out
here until we have to move no we should
start moving forward let's head I put on
the map inside the circle there's like a
tiny at northeast of us there's a tiny
little northeast this way oh yeah seven
oh you're both 9 million everyone if we
come across a 45 handgun am i someone
shoot you never know it could be by the
pond or the town over there
that's head let's head north east oh
yeah all these trees nice cover it's the
element
plenty of bushes you know and you know
why I have a bad habit of pointing my
reticle at the ground is is because
sometimes it gets in my way like the
white distracts me and so I pointed at
the ground just to see everything better
and I know I need to get better at just
pointing it at whatever I'm looking at
just in case I want to shoot at whatever
I'm looking at I know that is a really
bad habit of mine and you know what I
will try to get better at that but like
you know if you if if I'm pointing up
there my body blocks some of the view so
if I point down a little bit I can see
more of the terrain you dig but I do
understand that that is it bad that is a
bad gaming habit of mind
shit
well I'm gonna check this there's an
east side of the hill here see if I see
anybody
just at night you know what that is rich
has a nice feast it's like we're heading
towards that radio tower what's getting
into crazy car chases maybe we'll find a
car rich fun
maybe we'll find a car the action is a
little too far too few between I think
that's the point
I really think that's the point
oh really let's get the house get ready
for a fire fight
so another door
thank you nice
what
if you could watch myself
oh there's seven six two in here we got
a guy in the area I'm not worried about
that right now okay there's a nice
helmet here oh okay
we got a guy in the area we also have
bombs going off yeah no all right I got
these two windows covered as soon as
bombs stop going off we got a my guess
is maybe the other guys by the car yeah
it's about just a normal bomb just a
normal box I don't know if anyone else
is here unless he's on the other side of
the car
all right I'm opening the door let's
storm that fucking car okay I'll go to
the back you go to the front I'm in the
car just get in the car just get the car
let's go let's go
let's partner my debt all right
the bombs going it could be great
we don't have one bomb luck here anyway
well you know we have this circle luck
so if we got shit bomb pluck and big
circle like I'll take it
nice stop by a rock you just cover you
know like I don't like being I don't
like being a loud target
you see no it's just do you see this
like gun glitch in my on my screen oh
that's what happens if I go to the first
person let's try different I don't see
anybody moving rich I don't see anybody
moving we're inside the circle how
inside the circle are
I'm sure where we're going but we're
moving inland
it seems too dangerous Bridget's all
dangerous that seems too dangerous okay
anything you say
what do you think oh FUNKER that good
yeah
if there's some people in there it's
gonna suck but they'll have good shit
you wanna kill some people you want some
action we go to the bunker
it's probably people going down this
hole
bunker now that it seems like we drove
away let's go to the bunker nice hold on
for a second it takes the painkillers
really quick get up to full health
let's fucking do this going to bunker
bunkers have good shit in them but you
know everyone likes to go on a bunker
left question is what blew up bias
that's a great question I have no idea
what blue bias wait don't get too far
away from me we're team man we're team
that's just the other exit was there
anything in here camel do you need okay
car driving around
I don't see him
we can go back a long way to get all I
hear my crazy plan okay that's a crazy
plan get up next to those boxes throw a
grenade up by them okay
what button open eyes to that button
yeah I'm gonna sprint up behind those
brown well I'll go to the boxes on the
left first
okay riding the right first okay all
right all right I'm gonna give you cover
ready they might be coming the long way
around - I'm going up okay check your
back
there's stay there stairs no I see that
one there's another one he has a
teammate around here jack Oh check your
screen hey how's it go
okay there's stairs over here there I
grabbed some stuff for you a bandage
did you take the payment yes it or take
the painkillers that'll heal you slowly
over time all right you go first watch
our six rich there's another helmet over
here buddy
another helmet I'm so sorry for shooting
you I got spooked
I got spooked I saw someone and I
unloaded like I should have done I
unloaded the fucking clip take those
painkillers
someone's coming I heard running I'm
using the last my pain come on sir okay
don't forget six don't forget our six
all right I need hell fast fast I'm
gonna die I must have wounded him okay
that's good I hit them like a lot okay
he's right around the corner you got one
of them yeah you got one of them whoo
rich the bullet magnet Evans
whoo well that was exciting that was
Bunker exciting oh it's too bad
the enemy got you rich the enemy gotcha
I legitimately am really sorry for
shooting I was fine it's a fantastic
stream moment I got so spooked that I
saw someone I cuz Jack well you know
what but he was mostly healed after I
shot him and then we just we were up
against two people who who works better
than we didn't it's alright I'm enjoying
this and in Paris do always find my me
that's as I remember do you remember
earlier in this dream when you said I
wonder if there's friendly fire
you stopped with the I'll go to the left
business well you know what we had
already cleared that little bunker area
and we were moving on to the next one
and like in my head I was already gonna
go down the stairs and so then I quick
turned just to check my back and I saw a
figure and without seeing your name over
and I mean you know because well next
time well because here's the thing next
time I'm going to take that moment to
check and they will shoot me and
everyone in the chat will be like why
didn't you shoot him bunker was a bad
poker was the most fun I've had in this
game bunker was a good idea we we were
in the circle we had decent cover that
was exciting we made it look this isn't
gonna be my favorite game it's just it's
just not but coop two-player duo mode
it's kind of redeeming at my eyes
single-player is just a lot of fun
well singles not really single-player of
singles there's a fat load of bullshit
mm-hmm know that bunker was great that's
well that's what you want you want a
little you want to go somewhere and go
on a little adventure I had good reasons
for shooting he well here's the great
thing is you know they're eventually our
families will find our bodies and and
you will have so many bullets in you
they won't know that they came from my
gun but Jack did not kill rich jackets
jank injured rich I shot rich merely and
then afterwards I was calling out to
rich I was saying where I was where and
then I saw that the person was still
crawling around and you know could be
revived so I was like they still got a
partner somewhere rich they still got
partners somewhat and the partner was me
what do I think of the sriracha craze
sriracha is a fine sriracha is a like a
fine spice I know there are those people
that use it on fucking everything you
got a dirty tank top that's not me jack
there are people that use sriracha on
fucking everything and those people like
what's wrong with your taste buds but
you know a little sriracha here and
there isn't bad I'm more of a just a
salsa person put a nice salsa on
something I like I could put salsa on
just about anything but you know what
yeah here and there a little sriracha on
some that's fine you know little rooster
sauce alright let's see here where we
anonymous is rich and Jack finally
caught a live stream shame it wasn't
Friday the 13th I do honestly enjoy
Rich's epic driving and Jack's mad
travel skills
thanks for the hours of entertainment
absolutely you know what maybe we'll go
back to it maybe if they ever updated
we'll go back to it and play a little
bit more let's see here endo cram says
hey Jack how was Vulcan purple my space
bazooka Vulcan was amazing and by
amazing I mean there was absolutely
nothing in Vulcan that was special and
that's what made it so special to me
Vulcan for those who don't know last
week I was gone on a giant road trip
that ended up in the middle of
Bumblefuck Canada and it was farm
country Canada and I can't before if you
don't know like if you've seen a farm
like I grew up on a farm and the farm
country in Canada is way more than you
can ever imagine
yeah it's flatland so you can see
miles and like 90% of the people who
live in Canada live near the water
I believe with that I believe that I
mean I'm sure it's mostly just in the
big cities but but like its its father
mostly those cities that are mostly
along them right you go further north
doesn't care go largely deserted oh sure
yeah once you go north north absolutely
but but also there's just giant chunks
at our farm kind of like America like
weird like the middle of America they
don't got a lot of people that's all
farms we just lower the game audio oh
yeah and anyone can go to my Twitter
Thank You Tiberius I took a planet bunny
in pictures Vulcan so but but what I'm
what I'm saying is imagine here you're
standing in the middle of the road
nothing but farms as far as the eye can
see and maybe a house in the distance
there's nothing there in the small town
we were staying in Moss lead was the
name of the small town we were staying
in Moss yeah we had two restaurants a
diner and a fanciest restaurant no gas
station or general store so if you
wanted to buy something you had to drive
40 minutes to Vulcan or an hour and 20
minutes to Calgary what was the deal
with Vulcan the volkens story whoa and
I'm getting it you're getting this is
the setup rich this is the setup to the
Vulcan store so I just want you to
imagine being in the middle of fucking
nowhere and there's this town called
Vulcan and that was the closest town to
where we were staying and it is a town
that is named after Star Trek yep in
fact you drive in on the main highway
and there is a giant Starship Enterprise
original series Starship Enterprise and
I see that immediately and you know like
I'm driving with my mother my children
and two giant German shepherds and I say
pull over right you know my mom was like
what are you talking about it's like oh
you go over here like we need the gas
anyway go fill up a gas and there's just
and I'm reading this and it was this
giant statue of the Starship Enterprise
and the town is named Vulcan after
Vulcan
and so like I'm just baffled by why
there's a Star Trek town in the middle
of nowhere Canada so we continue driving
I start googling it and like this is a
real town there is a convention a Star
Trek convention in town the very weekend
I'm there called the vol con I'm
fascinated and so like we get to our
campsite where we're staying and we
start unpacking and they say okay well
we need to make a trip into town yeah we
need to make a trip to the general store
and I said you're gonna Vulcan and I say
yeah and I said I'm in let's go janna
pretty sure Curtis from Iowa but I could
be wrong go on right right Mos Eisley
and Vulcan no ma Oh Mos Eisley I get it
like the most lies they can't yeah we
were in Moss we mostly one word which
does sound a lot like most Eisley you
know if they want to start up a
competition with Vulcan
and so I go into town and the town is
kind of half-assed Star Trek everything
there are giant murals of Star Trek and
also like really faded poorly kept
murals that start and it's all innocents
ear because this is just a fucking
gimmicky tourist it's of course because
no we stopped by some of the shops and
we're talking to some of the locals like
we were talking to we went into the pet
store and the pet store had two cats
running around so the boys loved that
yeah playing with the cats oh this one's
seven and this one's captain we named
him after Captain Picard and then she
goes and seven I don't know if some of
them have numbers and I'm looking I'm
like do you mean seven like seven of
nine yeah and she's like oh yeah I guess
whatever and I was like don't you watch
the show and she goes no I'm sorry she's
like really no one in town watches the
show or cares about it at all and I'm
like really
you got a Star Trek town and I was like
why did you name your cats and she's
like oh the the the tourist board guy
came by you know we got these cats here
he gave me a couple names I could name
him I thought seven was cute he gave you
a little name it was a tourist guys that
you know make it happen
this is your pet store lady tour
they're gonna come in here and we need
star trek shit all of the crosswalks my
favorite part is all of the crosswalks
had the federation logo directly in the
middle it actually looks really cool
tell me tell me that you like the walk
and the don't walk sign is like this
tell me there don't walk is like this
rich here's what I'll tell you it's such
a small town
they don't have don't walk and walk so
they did have yeah makes sense they
don't have no oxides they did have a
bust of Spock with his handprint in it
okay because a few years ago before he
passed away
Leonard Nimoy was the was the Grand
Marshall one of their parades and so
they got a statue a bust of his of Spock
face and his actual handprint nice and
in copper or something and you can put
your hand in his hand
giant hands by the way better than mine
was very hard part because it was a big
guy yeah big funny looking guy rug and
funny look at her shirt and
funny-looking exactly cast an alien in
the 60s that's what you looking for he's
a big dude so so that was really cool
and like you're seeing all the murals
and some of the shops like they had a
secondhand dress store called make it so
and has a picture of the card on it
sounds like a joke I know it sounds like
a Simpsons gag did you show you pictures
no you did you show me make it so oh let
me show you make it so it was on the
window oh god wait but you know it's
even better check out right here he
looks like that one like Jesus painting
they got smeared and lady tried to fix
it restoration Riker botched restoration
Riker check out my Twitter check out my
Twitter at at har Lac I posted a bunch
of the pictures you'll see a bunch of
they had an auto repair shop that was um
works auto repair but what I was saying
to myself is like I said well and I was
talking to my mom who doesn't give two
fucks about Star Trek and I was like
that's a funny name to name the auto pot
she's like well I said I said well that
generally Ferengi's are kind of kind of
shysters they're kind of like like
cutthroat businessman and they and they
will they'll take advantage of consumers
at any point because quark was on the
list of names the tourist board gave
them exactly yeah yeah and that's what
she goes are they probably just didn't
care yeah I was like yeah they don't no
one care because no one cares
Jimmy Scotty's Oh Scotty's what was
there was a Scotty's there was there was
a majority right work our way down the
list exactly an engineering thing we're
stopping when we get the belong on this
no one cared about nobody cared about
vana did she do anything in Jim Miri
yeah she was the chief engineer I just
remember her battling sure she I'm sure
she had no she didn't battle that much
oh really the only thing that sticks out
about B'Elanna was when she was gone
what was more just problem was the
writing was owed and the characters the
setup for bolaños is half Klingon woman
who hated her Klingon half she didn't
like the aggressive things yeah it was
fine she didn't just she was angry odd
she didn't like that about herself oh
sure I'm sure you're right
but yeah there was there are so many
Scotty's is the borrow Scotty's pub I'm
sure I'm sure there was a Scotty's pub
there they were so I'm sure you guys are
probably looking at it but here so
here's the fantastic thing so obviously
like I'm going through town giddy as a
schoolgirl my kids hate it they just
don't understand what's happening and
like they've never seen Star Trek and I
was like shut up this is great
I'll buy you a cookie at Spock's bakery
I tried and I tried showing it to him
once and they got bored I'm not pushing
my interest on my children
you know when they're I bet when they're
a little bit older we can watch that
together yeah they're just not ready for
you I love Star Trek when I was a kid
they had same kids hates Star Trek I
loved it they have more options now
growing up and you know what they didn't
really hate it they just didn't
understand why I was so excited to have
them stand in a transporter that was out
in the open
I'm just like why why do you want me to
stand on this day I was like shut up
stand on him so the most amazing thing
I'm looking into the Volcom which I
unfortunately I could not go to any of
the volcon because the whole reason I
was in Canada was for a family funk
yeah which happened to take place Wow
you know during the volcon so I couldn't
slip away because remember Vulcan is 14
a 40-minute drive from wearing right
right
but the Vulcan had big guests this year
and two of the major ones that I
remember off the top of my head one is
the guy who invented the Klingon
language which not a star but you know
that's a sideshow he has a sideshow you
could ask him some interesting
linguistic questions yeah yeah yeah you
invented a whole new language that's
fucked up yeah all right great but so
but the big star get the celebrity yeah
the on-camera celebrity was chief
O'Malley's daughter O'Brien Oh chief
O'Brien's daughter because I was so
wrapped up in the story I want I want a
daughter to be the punchline chief how
sad was this though okay no she wasn't
the girl who played like you know the
the toddler yes daughter or was it like
the one episode the time-displaced
teenage daughter Molly time-displaced
Molly it was the little girl it was the
little girl Molly who is now a grown-ass
woman and I checked out her IMDB that's
it
of course the front toddlers you don't
know if a toddler gonna act or not when
he grows up right I do
I'm not a big as big a Trekkie as rich
as I obviously like the shows but not as
much deep snow sign no no I've barely
watched any decent even though even
though Brian was on TNG he was
I don't know if his daughter was on TMZ
I think she was just you know but so
that's the thing that was their big get
is this this person who hasn't acted in
20 years and was was like on nine
episodes of Deep Space nine that's it I
mean everyone says deep maybe maybe as a
grownup I would like deep space 9 better
but coming fresh off of next gen Deep
Space 9 wasn't my jam she was on Kitchen
Nightmares the family restaurant was
failing nice are we done with this yeah
let's do one more
what time is it I almost I will do one
more fine okay yeah so that's that was
the that was the wrap-up of the volcon
unfortunately I did not get to stay to
see any of it yeah it's it's if you're
ever near Calgary and then want a day
trip it's so bizarre to walk through the
town of Vulcan okay okay and it's still
hard for me to process so I I got one
new t-shirt from my road trip I'm not
wearing it I got I got a can of the
future not a Star Trek dude you're not
wearing it because it's Canada t-shirt
I'm just not wearing it because I'm not
wearing it you mean like right now
you're not wearing it it sound like I'm
never gonna wear it I was like was this
an x-rated shirt it was rich no I'm just
not wearing it today I will I'll wear it
I'll wear it
I'm looking for a new carry pistol what
are your thoughts on the fn57
I don't know what the FN five-seven is
you know carry pistols are tough you
want you want to short enough barrel to
to conceal properly if you're if you're
concealed carrying which I assume you
are because most people do and you also
want something that you can take to the
range off and I'm if I'm a bigger fan of
I'm a big fan of revolvers in general
only because they're so easy to clean
hopefully with any I get you know waiver
it's done with when I try to shoot you
in the head with my crossbow
I just wanna see if it sticks in your
head you got me in the ass I didn't even
seal and camera I can see it sticking
out of my ass I just want to see if it
sticks in your head it sure does
going to first-person look look look go
on the first person on the plane
look at me turn to your side look at me
the whole game all right we go where we
landed where we landed all right the
cluster houses up there on planes left
shit three two one go
which whatever going for those little
ones that look
jigsaw puzzle pieces jigsaw puzzle piece
oh I think um it's not any case you're
looking for a good carry gun I'd say go
revolver because remember most of the
time you're gonna be using these at the
range in fact hopefully all of the time
you're only going to use it at the range
and after you use a gun at the range
it's really important to clean it
properly so it works when or if you need
it oh these oh these houses okay try to
get out roof try to get on a roof and
revolvers are just significantly easier
to clean
oh is that you yeah that's okay there's
no guns up here and this is a hotbed
there's a backpack over here on this
other side okay okay
generally these areas are hotbeds I'm
keeping a lookout for anyone else
landing I wanted a little bit of
excitement Jack no that's fine
grab the backpack ground all the shit
that's fine rich we're in the excitement
no bullets for this gun there's a gun
over there yeah revolver all right I've
got the ammo 407 maybe I don't know but
I have no ammo you probably took the end
here I dropped an ammo okay all right
there's another gun over here by me
pistol fancy more than Amelie her gun in
here I'll take it
yeah 45 caliber that's that'll do some
damage as far as handguns go all right
there shots already there your phone on
here
how are you going here yeah it's already
over there
this one this door is open oh there is
no door cheek pad interesting cheek pad
I wonder what that is
come on gun gun gun gun gun didn't get
in getting good gun okay we're right
outside the circle so we're close enough
where we can we have a little wiggle
room to explore come on different house
yeah I think there's another floor yet
that's good
bandages oh god shoe see it's tricky
right yeah but you know what I check
first that could have cost you your life
rich Evans if it wasn't me if it wasn't
me you'd be dead
bandages
distant shots closer shots I'm trying to
I'm trying to get a beat on someone but
I don't see anyone car Shh
car just pulled up hold up here do they
see you no they didn't see me someone's
shooting they buy the one do you see
another window no I don't see anybody
you got a shotgun yeah we got it we got
a move when you see out there I see
nothing
all right I'm going to house the right
to the right a compartment billing to
the right yeah good
anybody could have shutting these doors
so right because she's clear Wow
clear rooms multi of cocktail
interesting you have a vest no I'm a one
vest in here by me suppressor can i hey
the door that's opening here cam Anya's
fucking game
Kimmy give me something here nothing a
whole bunch of fucking nothing rich
fucking energy drink that's what the
game gives me I'm going upstairs going
upstairs
come on gun come on again
fucking hell I have so much shit in my
backpack don't take things you don't
think you'll need well you know you
never know what you're gonna need and
you know like what if I what if I drop a
cool suppressor for an SMG and I don't
get it - later
them's the breaks kids yeah them's the
breaks yeah yeah store my fucking life
something is happening did you search
everything in here I'm still fairly
close yeah I'm not too worried about
getting to the edge I'm just I'm more
worried about all the other people in
this little gun in here do you have one
I do not have a shotgun one for him
I don't gun you have a health kit yep
I have bandages so if you want to help I
gotta help okay and here's uh not a
choke the bullet loops Molotov cocktail
okay I think I have oh I do I have a
choke do you have a choke no oh I have a
joke drop it hey did you want those
bullet loops I got one
okay I'll tough cost
all right great all right buy another
bill oh we need we need something the
range yeah yeah we need some range up in
this all right also that blue line is
coming we might need to move a little
more forward building straight ahead
that's where I'm going
it's best
yeah I figure some buildings we'd find
some stuff in the buildings
yeah a whole lot of nothing jack
I've noticed that rich I've noticed that
level 2 back --pack nice nice
hi we gotta move
it's time rich
get behind this little building here for
cover I don't think anyone's following
us let's go this little building for
cover
son of a bitch wait he's going around
he's coming around
oh I see him I see him rich that's here
right - right
at son-of-a-bitches toying with us
I got me
wasted so many bullets on that farm
he's out there driving around still
over here over here oh he killed some
somebody killed somebody over here
there's crates
no honest if he's driving around again
oh shit we gotta get moving again
Oh helmet nicely helmet how far do we
have to get moving fuck I think I saw
another I saw another thing another car
that we can use where are you I'm
picking with a Suzie wish I don't think
I have any ammo for but no trusted truck
rusted truck alright well shit we gotta
go
we have
are you alright
oh come on it's not the truck you saw
them was rusted yep we got two and a
half minutes we gotta run yeah it sucks
you're out the circle yep it's sucks
when you're not in the circle alright
here we go here we go here we go three
buildings we couldn't find a decent
long-range weapon alright and now is
someone shooting at us or just shooting
to shoot
yeah man yep someone's shooting at us
someone's shooting at us over this hole
huh
I'm working on serpentining damn it gosh
dang it gosh dang it
there they are on that hill there on the
hill on the high seas Oh God
yep you're gonna die yeah you know what
unfortunately I was checking your screen
to see how you were
it's fine oh yeah I just know that was a
person I was shooting at a person you
guys missed the good guns where were the
good guns they know all the good landing
zones you missed two rifles and those oh
that's right those crates
those stupid crates look great stood you
I must say I I just grabbed health items
and ran because the blue circle was
closing in on us one more game one more
you know as long as you want I don't
give a shit hey I got another to do
great and are you using delay to counter
ghosting no I'm not - our fans right now
are playing this game and trying to get
in with us and if you are don't be a
dick how do you even know if you're on
the same server with someone
that's my question is there a way to
know that I don't know who my free will
look was a little broken I hate your
play much I'll hit your play button just
keep playing this there are there are
two there are usually two ways I end a
match
you know like either either I feel like
I did okay and maybe I could do another
one or fuck it I'm never playing it
again
I never have a super strong desire to
keep playing playing solo I've just I've
mostly just had fucking I ever Markel
never wanna play this game yeah yeah
that's you pretty much just that that's
usually what it is absolutely numbers at
the bottom tell what match it is the one
numbers at the bottom Oh
so if someone read the numbers at the
bottom they could figure out what match
we're in well whatever I don't I
honestly just don't care that much when
I come in and this game sucks for solo
playing yes that's the general consensus
I think you know I get a little more
enjoyment out of it than rich guys
better I get no enjoyment you're getting
no enjoyment
I despise going at so low lifes or two
people here I've enjoyed this but and
then watch part of us cuz I'm your
friend you know yeah
let's see here
oh you want to go to the ruins I'll go
where you live eject ruins on top of the
mountain on top of the mountain nope to
your left
you see me
I don't see you my cursor I see that
yeah oh you're gonna be very far away
from me I will meet up I will come
closer to you I'm going those little
town down here at the base of the
mountain I see you
I'm coming close to you
I was gonna have bad
I'm by one little house here and I'll be
by myself but I'll come and meet you
after I leave this house real quick fuck
I missed two guys that landed in that
area I was just by so that's probably a
bad idea to go there okay come to my
little house I'm heading right there
right now I'm sprinting oh cool
is that it one cool gun are we near
anything cool this is this how homes
over here I'm sprinting to okay
and we're very far away from from and Oh
from the circle mm-hmm fuck oh fuck
all right well let's try to find a car
or something oat maybe run for the water
any boats
anything only thing I have is a 2x scope
who are you upstairs yeah drop it I want
I think
this thing doesn't have amazing range
button oh there's people here there's
people here well I have nothing all
right
are you dead dead
got one of them
you're out of ammo Oh oh god damn it I
can't ah God
get my gun velu crate by me where are
you I was dead in front of the house
mm-hmm
you know what has never come up before
I've never had to drop my gun so I don't
have anything quick bound to it how do
we drop guns
nope well shit Oh
I've just never ever had to drop my gun
before and now I have two guns with no
bullets did you drive away I hope you
drove away I think he picked you clean
yeah he picked you clean already I'll
try I didn't even have a gun
yeah oh I think he revived his friend
too Oh
well gosh dang it
that
there we go well I figured it out too
late yep oh wait no that just dropped it
and I didn't want to drop it I think
those are your options well I want it
for later if I find cool bullets I mean
I'm gonna die where did I drop it poor
rich I know I know
well now I know I dropped my cool gun
wrench and I can't find it in the grass
I shot one of them that was exciting
oh darn oh woe is me yeah now no one's
around to check my six but that's how it
works sometimes cuz we didn't find a gun
in time and now I'm gonna die and he
revived this friend so I don't get a car
stupid this search for a gun is
captivating I know I know you're like a
cross between mr. Magoo and mr. bean man
I'll take it I'll take it a Magoo bean
see if this house has anything
well you know I always I I often forego
melee weapons because you say to
yourself when am I ever gonna need a
melee weapon right until we need a melee
weapon but I would've had a melee weapon
there I would have I would have well
alright well I got a gun that's
something
yeah rich didn't stand a chance there
are people there and he didn't have a
gun nothing he could do sorry rich I
failed you yeah oh yeah oh yeah I know
that and that was I take full
responsibility I take full
responsibility for my failure
check out some loot crate's and see what
you got over there check out your rank
that's a it's true you know what at
least this time rich I didn't shoot you
I mean I also didn't protect you but I
didn't shoot you
you know just unmute
today the 26th no today's the 30th 30
that's rolling all the way back here
I'm not yet in the safe zone Nana says
yeah rich and Jack yeah finally caught a
live stream I shame it wasn't Friday the
13th I do honestly enjoy Rich's epic
driving and Japs Jack's mad trap skills
I think I might have read that one
before but that nevertheless it is yeah
thanks for all the hours entertainment
did you read this one yeah we got hey
Jack how was volcán lol triple miss
space
by the 13th anybody that they're
passionate or month
he gave Johnny Cash's what do you think
the Friday 13 good fucking notepad
you review single-player if the game is
still this buggy I bet the single-player
a I will suck really bad probably and I
don't even know they're still making it
those probably just gonna be a promise
that's never fulfilled and I've heard
very little about them working on a new
game so I don't know much about that
yeah but I mean it's I had to imagine
whatever it is they'd be very early with
it
and there'd still be a lot of
programmers free to work on Friday the
13th shit but I would assume or yeah
like one team working a new game one
team fixing Friday 13th that would be
really nice
I haven't heard anything but the game is
you know like I stand by our review like
they're still fun to be had within the
game oh there was bad I don't have a
backpack they have two teams and they
hired a bunch of people to work on
Friday the 13th well that's good because
they themselves we're doing such a great
job right bro dog says hell hey mailman
Tommy and legged hey just want to say
that rlm is the best YouTube channel
ever say hello to Susan and the fat ugly
looking one much love from Sweden
alright Tom too late yeah thought I
could get him I saw him I thought I
didn't think he saw me get out okay
let's let's try to have one more good
all right game alright one more in
general and then we'll call
I mean let me catch up on them catch up
the riddle of still says hey long time
since I've been here also you're still
playing this we want something new like
Friday the 13th great you didn't see so
three idiot says hey rich and Jake it's
been a while since you played an
old-school adventure game though that's
true here was more money to try and get
you to play an old Sierra or LucasArts
and game lol play maloom granite al
rinses rich why are you gonna play that
shameless portal rip off the Turing test
no plants due any time soon
between that and cube it seems like
there's enough games to warrant prereq
episode keep up the great work
alright portal ripoffs yeah I bet I'm
fine I'm fine with you being air about
them I'm just fine with you being about
that pristine four terms festival oh
yeah good idea
surprised you guys aren't playing the
new indie game higher what the hell is
pyre
it's a RPG oh that's an RPG yep
did you crash I did I am exiting to
lobby well there you go I crashed you
guys get to see my sweet-ass desktop
look at that oh it's great I don't like
things on my desktop bridge like an
action RPG like dragons dog mom it's
made by the same people who did
transistor and Bastion I don't know
either of those and I think I've heard
of Bastion you I mean they were they
were both kind of in you know bigger in
the indie scene I guess but uh it's it
might be an action RPG looks alright III
had no thoughts on it it looked a lot
like Bastion and transistor and neither
neither of those held an interest for me
so oh you know what I don't like
wallpaper I don't like I don't like
pictures of shit on my desktop I like a
nice clean desktop clean I don't want
any shit on my desktop
all right and yeah all right all right
so then I'll get it right up in this
slave face oh shoot you the face that's
terrible and then I'll get right up and
this dude's face great mm this guy -
he's kind of a jackass looking guy I did
I made it off the island before time
expired
Peyer is super different from Bastion
and transistor it's like an RPG sports
game oh well there you go with it well
there you go
well this is kind of a weird path Ron
here what are you thinking now you tell
me you tell me last time I come in my
plane kind of failed let's see here
let's uh let's head right in the middle
of that military industrial complex that
seems like it's gonna be a short stream
great and three two one go dive dive
dive dive super fast dive super fast
dive
here we go here we go here we go nice
nice I see you you to my right
Oh lots of people heading this way I'm
gonna get there first
all right I'm heading right oh yeah I
see what's building you're going to go
towards that middle building to the
middle of the three that's not you I see
you open oh yeah this is gonna be quick
this is gonna be shit yeah guns oh I got
a cool gun I like this gun this gun did
not do me a lot of good last time but
you know what I think it's cool gun
blood kid back level - nice set a
backpack yeah another backpack level -
oh shit I'm coming
three shit I'm coming gettin gettin
gettin gettin take that some other floor
I'm just lurking
combat shotgun here I have another med
second med kid you take that one got it
got a combat shotgun I'm sure there's
pictures in that courtyard I'm sure I've
gotta throw myself back up keep
searching for stuff settings I'm
watching your back cuz they're out there
alright let's go upstairs
alright where's upstairs oh shit
where's upstairs I don't know this place
nobody's been here right
no no we've been here we've been here we
gotta get moving let's go up let's go up
huh where's the stairs let's get moving
instead yeah let's go out how bad it's
not that bad all right well then this
way Connect connect connect this way
think this dope nope nevermind alright
fuck it fuck this door here what is that
an outdoor yeah
I can really use some sort of machine
gun I have machine gun that's great for
you well hopefully I'll get your back no
no you were fine leaving because you had
a machine gun you have a shotgun so much
been out in the open no free backpack
there might be pants pants rich you got
pants dune buggy dune buggy do buggy no
I'm gonna drive the ship yeah
little dune buggy that doesn't look like
a nice great range Jack huh there's a
lot of goodness great range no but it
might scare someone in my hand bug a in
the sand over the bridge blaze of glory
rich blaze of glory
behind us I'm not worried about behind
us I am
usually I like to hide all right no no
one behind us
I mean everything over spawn on this
bridge maybe here some houses wanna
check them out
great
crossbow press but at least Ambo for it
yeah no crossbow - nice I'm not picking
it up you can have it I think crossbow I
know you do
okay okay
where are you here on the roof why are
this been looted already or something
wow there's enough stuff in here I don't
think so check a little house
where you know I see you Wow now now
help anything downstairs
no like a mag extender what are we
looking for what'swhat's that what's the
goal I can use a machine gun right I've
only got a short-range weapon and a
black shirt shit
that's not
sounds like a dune buggy where oh there
there on the street there's two of them
yep let them go yep I'm heading up in
that hill I don't think it's a
lighthouse but next to the bridge I see
you
I'm with you
I think those doom buggies are coming
back
I'm running
I'm running because we're in the safe
zone we're in the circle right yeah
it's been searched it's been searched
fuck you want you want to sneak up on
those guys the dune buggy dune buggying
yeah I mean what else we're gonna do
take their shit well like this bridge is
pretty rife territory like you know
people are gonna want to cross this
bridge we don't have great weapons no
but we could always do a bullshit thing
where we hide behind shit wait from the
cross and then shoot them well we we
know I only have a shotgun oh okay
you're moving yep
well let's go check out that gas station
over there then that's my plan then
we'll do that man fuck it I just heard
something in the water
uh it's just general wave noises never
mind never mind ya know we can always go
back to our dune buggy if we need it
hopefully
level one vest yeah all right let's plan
back to the dune buggy I think that's
all we got
oh wait car
they go by where do they stop they went
by and they're keeping going right dune
buggy
no no our doing bugs out of the blob
area I think I put it behind the house
yeah
we throw them blowing up
let's turn around
now we're still in the circle
smoke grenade something what's out here
bandage choke you have a shotgun yeah
that's something something the shotgun
does dick jokes Oh cuz you have an
automatic shotgun yeah shit all right I
forgot
put the map to me or gets bottled a you
will probably take a left at the next
street ish thing left third path yeah
that'll get us more to the center of the
map alright alright there's a prize
there's some houses coming up tree
that's a tree up there Jack I found the
tree great don't worry I found the tree
great I'm really glad that you found the
tree what's the what's up there I know
it's three yellow there's people shoot
now that's why we're going up here great
that's perfect
keep moving perfect perfect thank you
doing buggy nice little path
Shay gasps hey gasps red dot sight more
crossbow ammunition you Inc got a sweet
ass 4x scope for my crossbow so that's
great you know we got that going for us
I love an ak-47 Jack
I hear you rich I hear ya gonna be here
getting there you take a look keep an
eye out
you're the only one of us Scotty can
arrange yeah you've got a level two or
more backpack right yeah I've got two
things of gas we get to drive around
looking fucking oh the machine gun where
I am a K bullets a K yeah oh sweet
number way down okay where's that
in that room right there
there we go Oh Shh oh I have a red dot
sight you want that yes I do
I dropped it in on the bed all right all
right now we got we got shit away can
you put it what can you put in there I
got a cheek pad and I got an extended
magazine yeah I dropped an extended
magazine not enough that'll work for it
but there's there's someone relatively
close to us firing off guns probably in
that town over there we got two cans of
gas a dune buggy all right we just dry
ride for the next two hours Jack are you
going did you go say all right uh yeah
there's some stuff up there aren't this
thing you'd like pistol ammo if you
drink oh I miss that
holographic side I'm something that's
better than the red dot I have I have
not experimented at all I think that's
my pistol ammo
Oh helmet
excuse me
all right great we're doing great rich
all right so what are you thinking I I'm
not thinking anything you're thinking
joy riding the dune buggy well I think
we might have to I actually think we
might have to because that we're about
to see where the map takes us be
cautious let's see what happens in this
map here and
yep
whoa
rich you're a man let's trees
shit let's get in the house
get house before we get bombed to death
god dammit evidence here loose cannon
shot cheap sake there's a Jeep back
there but you know some talkies are good
too what's gonna offer us more cover you
can get killed in either
like this
nice quiet spot jack
are we in the circle already yeah nice
and then someone we're almost dead
center okay great
well over all goes well where's that
last day I'm gonna be Jack we're gonna
find a spot in this town to park
ourselves or do we want to you know get
up on top of this hill so we have a good
vantage point of everything we had
sniper rifles sure we don't I say we go
in those houses all right I'm down those
houses let's go what's the Chad Sam huh
fuck him it's us us dust two against the
world rich one little house over there
good go in it
shit I got sniped good did you died no I
will shortly oh I see I was over I hate
this game I do
ah plop Oh sometimes rich I agree with
you
sometimes I agree with you whoa that
seems to be a huge issue at this game
run around for twenty minutes with no
action gathering building supplies then
sudden death that's that's like a lot of
the game it's just it's just the game
yeah hey so what do feel enriched you
wanna do a little something else you
want to call it what do you feel what do
you feel like I feel like Mambo number 5
boom boom boom boom in my life a little
bit of drinkers ooh never gotta go zoo
and Yahoo you know that one Mambo number
5 that was a very popular song I mean
it's probably been about 20 years since
that song was popular but there was a
time when that would that was the that
was the only thing played on any radio
station I just got the strangest text
okay yeah don't worry about it
I just like cuz I like I had my I have
my at my whole my whole little Mambo
number 5 thing there don't mean right
I don't trust that no for a second nope
alright alright I think we're gonna call
it I've got stalkers I think I think
we're gonna call ya but hey I'm glad we
got to play duo I think that was
important for us to talk about the game
yeah yeah and why don't we why don't we
take a moment and think I'm I'm getting
to it
all of the people who have subscribed to
oh actually you know what did you check
this no no see this will see if there's
any more tips before we leave and open
up that I want that and then we will say
goodbye for today I'd I saw that so or
someone tweeted that at me that max
landis was wearing a a very cool t-shirt
while on an Internet program today a
very cool t-shirt no the t-shirt this is
very cool oh the third crew t-shirt he
was wearing it while on a program
discussing Star Trek Star Wars sorry
Star Wars discussing Star Wars he was
wearing it very cool very very cool it's
a very cool
it's a very cool shirt let's see here I
had that's neat
let's see where are we
hey Jack David here says evil Lord David
you may still be learning but I want you
to know that you've made pub guy more
entertaining in your blunders than any
good player could ever hope to alright
that's all I hope it is you know
something silly happens something silly
happens and we get some entertainment
out of it that's all we're really hoping
for and I think in that respect like not
just silly him you know like remember do
you remember when I was in that little
building and someone walked upstairs and
I hid under the stairs and shotgun I'm
like just that little moment was great
would you remember in the bunker yeah
when you snuck up on that enemy player
and shot him in the back
first of all I shot you in the front I
shot you in the front let's say Captain
Muller says nothing much to say here
just thanks for the great stream DX
Ritchie says rich how do you and the rlm
crew keep their sanity by the constant
pestering of quotes such as all oh my
god Tom's festival is this replacing
does it ever get so old that you just
snap now that we snap but you can't just
get disappointed
I'm being dead dead serious sometimes
you see the three hundred thousandth
person to say Tom's festival yeah yeah
and it's just like really oh really okay
get it together people come on you know
it's I I think it's it can be fun and
every once in a while I'll see I'll see
one of those comments that people used
to spam all the time and I haven't seen
in a while and you just go oh I remember
that one I remember that one
let's see here gay Polly says hey guys
any thoughts on the new Hellboy with
Noah del Toro and no Perelman me
personally I couldn't be more
disappointed rich you seemed to be into
the game also uh I still don't love it
alright I like duos a lot more than I
liked going to solo yeah but you still
got like shot in the head one head my
dad you didn't say where it came from
right fuck that right right right right
and any thoughts on Hellboy with know
del Toro or Perlman not really I don't
care much about how boy in the first
place so you know Perlman is was a fine
Hellboy I think whoever they're gonna
have necks is gonna do oh you know who
is gonna be it's going to be the if I
remember correctly it's gonna be the
sheriff from stranger things for playing
Hellboy yeah I believe that's what I
believe that's what I heard someone will
tell me if I'm incredibly wrong soon
enough
and you know what del Toro is a fine
director he is he has an amazing vision
he's not too good at directing action so
I'm actually okay with handing it over
to another another director who maybe
can handle an action sequence a little
bit better so gobbledygook says one last
tip just the tip right in the end but I
get it all right
and ghoul boxes hey Jack and rich I love
realtor media and you guys a lot
whenever I had a few I put on shopping
mall weight whenever I had a few I put
on chopping mall best of the worst watch
drunk jack which is best jack I wish I
could be on the panel it's a you know
you guys see the fun stuff you don't you
don't see the hell of watching these
movies and the silence is you get to see
the good stuff yeah what the fuck is bad
action is awkward action he's the action
sequences in the first two Hellboy
movies I think are awkward and they're
not there any I mean I have no comment I
don't really remember I I don't I don't
feel like they're very exciting and of
course that was early days CG and early
day superhero movies but I'd like a
little a little some better some more
exciting action sequences all right and
there we are caught up and there we are
caught up so now is the point of the
stream in what you think all the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream much like hydrogen six scorn
12:10 says hey wreckers thanks for all
the great entertainment and weird bits
of wisdom pub G equals life no doesn't
it clearly equals death did you get
Leinenkugel's sponsorship for the last
best of the worst not which beer brands
would you endorse and why Leinenkugel's
is a fine I don't drink so I'm the worst
person you can ask this rich what brand
of beer would you I don't know you know
we I think a lot of things we drink here
we try to keep local Leinenkugel's is
Wisconsin brewery not a local brewery
but uh you know New Glarus is a local
brewery I love MKE brewing there's lots
of fine at local breweries lakefront
brewery has to find beers Kay's 87 432
fucking months in a row says 32 months
Jesus fuck
Mario Mario 4237 motherfucking months in
a row says I give two Jacka atomic 79
did you have a heart attack what's going
on no I don't want to exit uh
a while ago but don't think I told you
to add it to your list good game that
could kill 30 to 60 minutes instead of
ending a streamer early it's been about
four hours
hey 101 one months in a row I should
have said that because it's under 12 but
I'm broke I broke protocol you broke the
rule Lucas Ducas for 22 fucking months
in a row
Zach of the axes since five months
thanks for entertaining streams and the
movie recommendations ah shucks text
says I'm glad to subscribe to the
highest quality stream on Twitch except
for when we have horrible technical
problems it's the highest quality stream
on Twitch is fine
well hem meister Meissner 1 for 31
fucking months in a row says ho yo ho
always get it glad to catch stream so
and Margaret or Jennifer Connelly
I know riches and Jennifer Connelly like
like even like an Margaret back in the
damn ocean
I just know it's gonna be Jennifer
Connelly because she's she's the most
tractable and I've ever seen um and for
curves factor alone I'll go and Margaret
ok ok I like me some curves on the
ladies what I can't pick her what is she
from Bye Bye Birdie Oh old school yeah
like oh she's old old school I can't
picture so I can't say I mean look if
we're going about what they look like
today the answer is almost certainly
Jennifer Connell of course well I can
Margaret might and Margaret might be
passed away I can't I cannot picture her
so an Margaret may or may not be passed
away at this point hold on one moment
we're gonna do just a quick you know it
rich needs all the
Margar she blonde no okay
oh god no she's a redhead she's a
redhead see if we can find a good a good
yeah yeah oh that's like two vintage you
know so give it up to Jennifer Connelly
I'm you know I'm Mike I might go and
Margaret here yeah I mean you know 19
what is this and Margaret and it's fine
it's fine we need to get things done
the traveler sprig says what did the
ghost say what and what did the ghost
say nothing because there are no ghosts
there's how to set up so I could do that
maybe I don't know our Turkish Rex says
best stream ever they sent that message
around the time you shot me Holly clouds
is whoo two months have you guys checked
out darkside detective yet a new game
with music by Ben pootie
I checked out the soundtrack but I have
not checked out the game I get a little
I get a little a little email every time
Ben Prunty he did the FTL soundtrack but
I have no checked out the game s F
Parliament x-men so for 37 months in a
row 37 motherfucking months in a row in
fact Wow give me a take a breath
checking front of breath about start
doing it i subbed when ate my balls was
new hotness ate my balls
what was that something we used to say I
don't think so doesn't sound like
something I'd say cut to rich I've been
saying that like over and over and over
again
mostly mr. shields II and you know what
well the Tom's line times festival line
is definitely it's definitely from
samurai cop and I have never said eight
my balls I'm 100% certain mr. fields
says what so classic key bosses kielbasa
kill bosses I don't
kielbasas like a sausage I don't send a
print I've never seen a pronounced
kielbasa of course I've never seen a
pronounced what ever heard of pronounced
it's fine skip seven Nicole and there's
more to it than that
do you write skip seven nickel middling
phantom 99
mr. Elif mr. elephant's says meow meow
and he's from Chicago yes because like a
stereotype all everyone does in Chicago
is they walk around talking about KaBlam
colossus cabooses campanos kielbasa
kielbasa all right whatever have you
have you never spoke I guess I guess I
guess I was raised normally and not by
stereotypes it's just a lovely sausage
everyone was always talking about
Da Bears it's just a thing it's a normal
thing that people eat especially those
from polish or German descent and so you
know that's a typical Chicago Milwaukee
thing kielbasa
did you do mr. elephants I did mr.
elephants
you said the meow meow I said the meow
meow Manik 12:15 Bominable Scotsman says
waka waka
gb1 no Lee messengerís twinspeak Twin
Peaks
spoiler alert nope I'm not gonna read
any more than actually you can yeah
right ahead it's pretty safe super
dangerous Twin Peaks spoiler alert
beware because I'm going to give away
the whole new series now so the new Twin
Peaks is weird
I am the Austria generic Stacy what
Stacy was generic to begin with hello
grass woo seven of Borgnine Irishmen 36
says after watching rich and Jack team
up on pub G I'm convinced they can teach
SWAT teams a thing or two wow you must
really hate the police Jack listen we we
had you know every once in a while we
would have a solid breach rich solid
breaching procedure you know fan out
cover the most area I felt pretty good
about that there was a lot of running
around oh I can't find a weapon and then
there's and then you ride me remember my
favorite time was when we would die
immediately and wouldn't wouldn't know
who shadows way too much downtime in
between anything interesting happening
it's tension yeah apparently they're
working on revamping the circles
Glenna flab ocinski
top ramens 4:29 fucking months in a row
we got three levels now and I got a
double check switch what I'm on is true
do a little do a little math yeah Top
Ramen says new half in the bag slash
best of the worst soon probably no
there's none of them work I think this
happening there's two best so they were
worse than editing mmm is there this
stuff is hand I'm pretty sure I know
what movies are getting the half in the
bag treatment I'm pretty sure I know I
know the one for sure keg or sleepy
brown bear game her nerd 20
frantic girl men solos menthol menthols
I'm insane for 19 months in a row I keep
just assuming that all the names are
gonna be so weird that I need to add
emphasis crazy eyes
crazy ivis that is not an L that is an
eye that's trying to trip you up with
that crazy eye versus hey guys just want
to thank you for making my boring nights
at work much more fun hope to see you
play another board game in the near
future
titus 80 far ivan who I desperately want
to call tits 80 for every time I see
that name tit is Ted stick to titties
titties that's probably to ease this but
yeah a cop titties hey my friends call
me titties I've an Li says would you
like says what would you like to see in
the reboot of red letter media a solid
business plan every shell eighty seven
thirty five fucking months in a row
coming up on the big three year old Jack
lemon jackal mo says love the stream and
keep up the great work guys you monster
for 28 fucking months and roses thank
you both for another fantastic stream
I've got your six with another five just
try not to shoot me in the face okay
don't startle me also don't crush it
who startled you who startled you also
don't crouch in a corner when I'm while
I'm hiding from the people who might be
trying to shoot at me as you say I see
them I see them I bet he sees him
where's the up Jam where's
around here somewhere
Ryan from Michigan Ryan from Michigan
says someone may have mentioned it
already but Hahn will have but Han will
have to shoot someone first no someone
will shoot him and then he'll learn the
lesson to always shoot first that asked
questions but he didn't shoot first and
in the new con maybe that doesn't count
I'll bet you never do I release those
original films that'll be gone you think
yeah
yeah that was one of the first changes
he made right Lucas yeah we make um han
Solo less morally ambiguous I think you
should be more of a good guy shoot first
we make our lovable rogue a little less
roadway let's make them white toast
let's just make him another good guy
that's all we could use is another kind
of gonna shoot I know it's gonna make
great old I'm really stupid if he misses
a point-blank shot uh-huh can hunt some
of Dodgers head awkwardly to the side he
ever you ever see that version oh my god
he does the real yeah his head
unnaturally moves over a foot and the
dress was body stays completely still
yeah it's the worst thing he's an alien
pranks is fucking back he's in a
technically that's true yeah that's it
he has a neck power and his race can
only use that power once in their entire
life and we got to see it
one of the suggestions I had that I
didn't I didn't mention them because it
was too silly for the Han Solo Ritchie
video that Han Solo would enter a dance
contest where he had where he's doing
like this yeah yeah god that hurts mine
dad
our knowledge junkie flip Master Yoda
Lando was taken for thirty four fucking
months in a row Shibboleth Rezo not oh
so much neon cool dr. strange shirt rich
thank you uh nasty flat for twenty three
fucking months in a row and nasty flat
says girlfriend got me the lightning
fast vcr shirt love it
that's a keeper right there yeah she
gets you something from your the weird
internet videos that you watch aw she
that's a keeper team two megatron so hey
guys thanks for all payment both on here
and best of the worst
i'm not even much of a gamer but it's
not about the games it's you guys that
make it awesome your one true thank you
we try we try gehlbach space come over
35 fucking months in a row so close
collecting data for 29 fucking months in
a row says say hello to my sister Susan
please hello sister Susan hello sister
Susan nice nice to meet you yeah how are
you doing Susan I don't really know you
just reading a name somebody else wrote
I guess best friends now right
fuck off one of the one of the tongue
twisters that we would use to warm up
yeah before improv this is was sister
Susan sells herself to sailors sister
Susan sells herself to sellers sister
Susan sells herself to sailor sister
Susan sells herself to sailors that's a
good ones also been unique New York
unique New York unique New York New York
yep oh my god that was so deceptively
New York unique New York unique New York
unique in New York
gibbous moon for twenty three fucking
months in a row retro guarding Joe lady
Denning for 20 fucking months in a row
hey Jordan me and finally dry jordan
meet thank you before subscribing we
