Aug 20, 2017
FTL: Faster Than Light, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/171742028
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/171975795
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lrn-IlFqlA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tzeBFQbMT0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/899354689313148929

[Part I]
are here and were early rich if we look
at the camera it was the camera or like
maladjusted no I look I see me I see you
I could probably like tilted a little
more towards you probably if you want
probably should lead room would that be
I know head room was up down his left
right does that have a name shoulder
shoulder space perhaps I know you just
yeah there we go now look at that that's
great framing hey everybody welcome to
this dream I got some fto up here I have
lately
yeah I've just been focusing on
unlocking the different layouts of ships
nice you know I got the normal the
normal mantas ship yeah but then I I did
you know to these things oh and I'm
locked layout be nice you ever use
layout be no no I can't say that I had
it take a look at the teleporter take a
look at their teleporter the teleporter
whoo a four person or person teleporter
Jack that's pretty hot rich this ship
yeah what's going on is insanely fun
insanely fun to ship when you get manta
what about what's mantis pheromones
what's that your crew on your ship move
faster mmm and they move an attack
faster nice so if you're getting boarded
you can just fucking decimate things
wait we ditch I thought I updated that
hold on yeah I updated them
this is not some FTO mod this is just
normal shape you can so if you peek if
you beat the the game I believe I trying
to remember how the the C layouts unlock
I believe you have to beat the game with
the B layout oh sure
so is that what you're going for we're
gonna try and unlock the see layout here
it's a great idea I think it's a great
idea yeah we didn't we didn't really
have a plan coming in today and rich
says hey feelin FTL si I said okay well
we looked into the Batman thing Oh doing
the Batman voice okay so for anyone who
wasn't here last ring I do a little bit
of an over-the-top
Christian Bale as Batman impression and
we thought it would be funny to insert
that voice over Kevin Conroy is Batman
the Animated Series voice Batman of so
few words that he is rich is so rich had
the awful task of watching old batman
the animated series episode to try to
find like a good like monologue that
batman give i can't put a great you know
I can't fight there's not much like even
that moment with a swear ace is dying
and Batman goes to comfort the super
villain in her dying moments yeah it's
mostly her talking he's just sitting
there listening which makes him a great
Batman and for purposes of comically
overdubbing Christian biblical movie no
no joke
yeah so I think this would be better
served as a separate video stream no we
will just make the video and so we have
to find the few good speeches well and
why I've been thinking about this is
what we either need to find is a few
good speeches or we go full-out
ridiculous and just redub an entire
episode and we just and you know like
there will be long stretches that we
won't change anything but then Batman
you know people kind of get back into
the animated series
I've come to stop exactly like and and
just straight up an entire episode TAS :
Nolan eyes Nolan eyes okay so that's
what's gonna happen you have to read um
the Joker - probably not know cuz they I
mean one the Joker's great I mean
obviously Kevin Conroy is great - but
the joke is Christian Bale's Batman
voice is terrible yes yes the the way
Heath Ledger does the Joker voices this
very yes appropriate it's different but
it's a proof that comedy exactly so just
redoing Batman voice maybe Bruce Wayne's
voice too like and maybe do it at like
either do it as Batman or like just try
to like smarmy Christian I don't know
that's terrible
itself is funny I'm Batman
no I'm Bruce Wayne don't pay attention
to what I said before
Chad I know you're saying that I should
do the Joker the problem is if the joke
is Nolan's Batman in tas that has no
place there that's just me doing the
Joker right yeah the joke is Christian
Bale's Batman voice and so he I mean
doing the Batman soulful the animated
series only read dubbing Batman so we'll
do it well that'll be our test we'll
find one episode and we'll just do it
one episode okay I think that'd be great
okay great
we're doing it something like one of the
best one like the heart of ice oh sure
like that or even like just you know a
classic one like good like a Christmas
episode like that that Joker Christmas
episode where like it ends with them
watching It's a Wonderful Life and just
in the game I'm just thinking episodes
that are more heartfelt like the episode
with Leslie Thompson who kind of did a
little bit of raising I'm sure Crime
Alley yeah yeah Crime Alley episode all
right the the episode with the
the pastor and his mobster brother and
the trying to bet he's working with
Batman to try and reform the manling now
sure that would be a good one for
Christian Bale Batman Oh cinnamon that's
a great idea we could also do this with
Batman 66 episodes hello that's the
follow-up there's the fellow
all right great great we need names we
need we need names all right well let me
get let me get into uh oh I don't have
the toile let me get that watch her up
here I'm still going to watch the
Eclipse no I'm not things happen quickly
things happen too quickly well
relatively actually yeah relatively
quickly we're looking we were having
trouble finding some got a hotel or
something well of course yeah
everything's just near the like we kind
of gave up when we went somewhere that
was miles and miles outside if it sounds
I think I will just drive down from
somewhere close yeah yeah we still
couldn't find a hotel Oh God
everything's booked everything
everything's booked a months ago yes
that was the first problem and then it
came out that we still are we still
gonna do this and how are we going to do
this yeah and eventually currents like
you know I'm and I haven't seen my
mother and I'm just gonna go down and
see my mother this weekend and I okay
okay
then that was the plan and then turns
out what if her friends is going down
there and they had someone canceled on
them so she's gonna she's gonna go down
with her friend to see the full Eclipse
there's a guy I would have totally been
a third wheel yes listen this is it it
turned into like a girls night out
right right and and now the deal with
her mother is well she's on her way back
up she's gonna stop at her mother and
her mother up here so then oh shit and
then I had to just clean like the entire
fucking apartment of course and then a
they ended up being my whole day after
that I was like shit now we got
we gonna sterilize this fucking place
huh her mother's coming over that means
it has to be extra clip oh god scrub
everything scrub the carpets so so I'm
like scrubbing the toilet I'm saying of
course of course and you know throwing
all all all the shit the trash and Karen
gets the noise annoyed at me for my
beard clippings getting on the sink when
I trim my beard mmm
and she picks up my room I'm my razor my
electric razor and she opens it up and
it's got the hair on the razor and I'm
she doesn't know she doesn't know razor
she doesn't realize that's not the hair
that gets on the sink that's that's from
when I trim like the side there's
nothing to do with the hair and the sink
so she just like to prove a point she
angrily takes this this razor that's got
you know the hair in it while she opens
the thing she kind of kind of
aggressively taps it on the garbage can
and the top the whole top of my electric
razor she doesn't so hard comes off and
falls in the trashcan that's full of
like waste I've been throwing from the
bathroom in there I'm like yeah you
really showed me now you got to buy me a
new razor thanks a lot Oh Karen there
are neighbors knock on the door
this all happened unlike a few I say the
neighbors happen first okay the
neighbors happened before when we were
still going down with its totality yeah
now I'm watching my neighbor's cat this
weekend what are our neighbors knock on
the door yeah and I open the door it's
like I don't ever talk to my neighbors
like what do you want we're going out of
town we need somebody to look at our
cats they had their their house sitter
canceled on them and they're going on
vacation I'm like oh we're also leaving
town and Karen just jumps in yeah sure
we'd love to do it like now she's going
down to see her mother and the Eclipse
and she I'm stuck up here watching a cat
I'm allergic to okay Karen okay gather
so Cara Karen offered to watch these
people cat and and then they have a
hedgehog that's the thing people how
many people have a feral and then she
just she said oh no and after agreeing
to watch this cat what the fuck man what
the fuck is she
oh my god Karen that's terrible that's
absolute err nice view very you know
what that is that's very neighborly you
did it you're doing a good thing even
though you might die from it does
everything else happen to me that's a
lot that's a lot
yeah that's great all right oh yeah
sorry I was opening this watch here
while you're doing it so we will say the
first name will be everybody pick a
random chatter how about ju y ju y UI y
alright okay and now this next one will
be subscribers only I'm just using the
chat the the Twatter which picks names
at random and pick a random one we got
Mario Mario 42 good old Mario Mario all
right all right boom great here's the
question yeah I'm just trying to get to
the end to unlock a ship did we play it
easy
let's go normal first what is the chat
thing normal or easy I'm not doing hard
no you can't you're wasting your vote
what's what's your what's your what's
the possibility of a normal victory I'm
not sure less than 5000 that this looks
like it's split down the middle some
normal some easy some some never give up
never surrender no retreat no surrender
how about this try it on normal you die
horribly then we'll take it down well
bump it down DS alright how about that
twitch says you're playing 20xx I
updated that let me check chatty again
hold on
I am fairly
absolutely badly wait what
invalid title game oh you know what it
won't let me at home
apparently it won't let me swear in the
title Oh updated info oh and because
because it wouldn't let me swear in the
title it didn't update what game we were
playing that's why I updated it twice
okay now I've updated it and it's stick
but yeah I won't let me swear in the
title all right okay Rock nice all right
we need another name think of the
children then we need another name okay
let me get out of the washer up here
and we'll do an everybody again wants to
be a female thing for reference
reference to flashback the jack doesn't
remember who wants to be a female thing
fun conversation we had about rock boobs
rock boobs furro wants of rock boobs fu
r RI el farol right wants rock boobs I
remember that I remember the thing that
was great so you know f CL we were we
were turning on the music you play this
without the music on which to me is
blasphemous blasphemous because the
soundtrack is absolutely amazing I know
you don't listen to music one I watched
well in the corner whatever YouTube
video maybe I'll catch up on someone I'm
subscribed to exactly know like I
understand that but this soundtrack is
amazing yeah so what and so it's like it
bothers me that you don't listen to it
with the soundtrack the soundtrack I had
for a while that that opening song you
know that song that plays during the
menu that like bong bong I had for the
longest time I had I had it set as my
alarm like so that's how I would wake up
in the morning it's like it's such a
beautiful wake up song and so the upside
of that is I got to wake
to a beautiful song the downside is now
every time I hear that song it stresses
me out because I've associated it with
like startling and waking up and yeah so
unfortunately like that and rolling by
soul coughing because I had that set as
my alarm clock subbed for bung-bung
bung-bung next total eclipse is in 2024
that's true next total eclipse is 2024
and it's it's gonna be north of us oh
yeah I want that mantis nice nice rich
good good this is oh this is oh this is
happening that's good that's good we're
finding the right people all right
I got a name anytime you're ready oh yes
the full name is dulcet tones of rich
Evans
so maybe just dulcet yeah D u LC ET that
make sense
dulcet I think that's great dulcet tones
of rich Evans is our new crew member
don't sit alrighty
protip shoot the enemy ship Thank You
rift er we will do our best we're gonna
be doing very little shooting the enemy
ship at least really odd right right now
we have we have a four-person boarding
party three mantas and one rock person
that's pretty fucking awesome this is
shaping up yeah absolutely
this is what you want to happen with
this ship oh yeah and for anyone who's
who's curious as to how I'm picking the
names leftover beefcake built us the
Twatter and that's how we keep track of
all the people who subscribe to us
during the stream but he also built into
it a random picker so anyone who is in
the chat who types anything in the chat
automatically gets added to the random
picker queue I pick up I click a button
and we randomly pick someone watching
hello friend nose can you capture the
ship and make a fleet no no you cannot
but if you capture the ship
I II kill all the people on it without
destroying the ship you do get more
resources from that ship very very help
very cool also very cool yes they're
already dead you just motivated what the
what's your ship called oh it's probably
- names and - lights and renaming but
like you know you're doing sit you're
I'm trying to think of like a proper
analogy for you you just jump
other people ship its and killing them
yeah you're the fucking Pirates your oh
yeah you're punished pirates fuck yeah
very one of my favorite ships in this
game it's an it's an amazing ship yeah
it's a cool-looking ship too
what I love about this game is all the
vista's yep oh I like that the parasite
Zara s'en that's that's exactly what
we're gonna have to name it in our head
because we can't rename it in the game
but the parasite is perfect oh they're
so fucked so fucked do they even know
how fucked they have no idea how fuck
they are oh wait one of your guys yeah
one of your guys is kind of fucked big
yeah nice nice job nice job
so fucked so fucked
epic Jason I did receive your email
about your review suggestion of pitch
black so never seen I have also never
seen it I I do hear good things about it
what was the sequel to that the Vin
Diesel Chronicles of Riddick am i hear
good things you know none of us are I
would say passionate about why I haven't
seen pitch black I mean I don't know
what it didn't it didn't necessarily
like first line I mean probably it's a
sci-fi movie yeah a dark sci-fi movie
could be good it also could be terrible
my second seeing pitch-black okay what
about Project Hornet and no updates to
speak of but there's an update that you
guys remind me of my children on the
road trip are we there yet are we there
yet it's one of those things where
there's no when we're not there yet when
we get there you'll know because we'll
tell you
problem with abandon sectors yeah is
that what are they called the figure of
the name is that rice slugs no no
there's the ones about oxygen in their
ship Oh big party would suffocate oh
shit they're kind of boarding proof
lettuce that's a shit Richie Raymond
shit rich let's see here Texas panned
handler says finished binging the
defenders this weekend no spoilers but I
thought it was pretty mediocre overall
the Netflix series have great actors and
so-so writers and it's catching up to
them I think I haven't finished it it's
only what is it it's only like 8 or 9
episodes the defenders and I haven't
finished it but I'm just a couple
episodes away from finishing it yeah so
far it's like it's fine they've done I
think in the defenders a lot better job
of getting to the point of each hero's
stick in a much more efficient manner
like I didn't much care for Luke Cage
mostly because I felt like his
motivation for being a hero was pretty
murky but in the defenders because they
they don't have as much time with every
character it's kind of just like a
one-and-done like a like a boom here's
why I'm fighting and now let's go fight
so I think they're doing a much better
job at establishing anti bio be
interesting rich interesting what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do
yes I didn't like the show that might be
a very good combo
oh yeah stun their shields by Oh BMO
mm-hmm could be I think you know and for
the person in chat who who said that
they didn't like the the plots or the
stories but liked the characters that's
how I feel a lot about both Luke Cage
and iron fists on recovery on that is
fantastic
what sort of drones do you have right
now right now that's the thing I need I
need a good attack drone to parrot right
we're rich you got to work with what you
got you can't gamble yeah you have a
defense drone and you have a boarding
drone well you think about this I'm
gonna talk Netflix Marvel series
actually while I was working on some
some work project last week I had Iron
Fist on in the background so I could
like kind of half rewatch Iron Fist just
to make sure that I was up to speed
because it was it's been a while since I
saw Iron Fist and I know the the story
of the defenders I knew was taking place
immediately after that and overall Iron
Fist is is pretty mediocre and like
under mediocre but some of the
characters not Iron Fist himself he was
a dullard what did you oh you got the
drone recovery really yep in the future
is gonna be redundant that drom arm that
drum recovery just get a payoff all game
all right all right that's fine math
questions do I want the ion stunner to
could be helpful could be helpful
maybe so iron fist or as yes we refer to
him iron goldendoodle because he looks
ridiculous is a nothing character but
the Meacham's for anyone who saw iron
fists they're they're kind of like the
the rands other family that run the
business
but the rands built what's what's your
thought what's what's going on in your
head here rich I see you are deep deep
what's going on in my head yeah I am in
Lana space yes I cannot rely on boarding
that's true I have a ship right now that
is entirely reliant on boarding yeah I'm
thinking to get me through this sector
I'm gonna need this ion center and this
burst laser to use those I'm gonna grade
my weapons yeah I have 29 scrap I'm
thinking about selling my boarding drone
I mean you have a boarding party I have
a good boarding party but you could also
send in the boarding drone on a Lana
ship
yeah but then I'm then I'm burning
through drones you can't recover a drone
that gets destroyed by sure God darn it
Sullivan yeah then get rid of it get rid
of it sell it sell it
what's the chat think salad don't listen
Jack just said my idea god damn it you
didn't sell it no I didn't say I told
him to sell and he didn't that's fine so
in any case like but the Meacham's
in particular Ward Meacham is an
incredibly like compelling and
interesting character and I loved at any
time Ward was on screen I loved I loved
just watching him fuck up because he was
a fuck up character and just kind of
watching him fall into his own traps was
fantastic I loved it I loved it all
mildly dumber something mildly dumpling
okay that's fair
yeah Ward was the brother maybe I will
get lucky board was the brother Harold
Meacham was that was that I got lucky
nice nice oh yeah you got lucky you got
it you got this what did you think of
Ward's panic attack scenes they're
pretty convinced his whole character was
the most dynamic part of that show even
though like he wasn't anywhere near a
main character I wish the show was about
him yeah thank you take it thank you
technically right now yeah I could
probably be mophir and kill him before
my crew runs out of oxygen I can
actually board successfully at this
point you're probably right with that I
don't know that I would get the five
fuel for sure and I want that fuel okay
well then I want that fuel right I want
that fuel that's fair that's fair I feel
bad for Finn Jones because I think he's
a fine actor he's just getting shitty
scripts and character develops maybe I I
didn't care for him in Game of Thrones
and I don't really care for him as iron
fist and I think he makes weird faces
and I don't like his beard on him up
I think he's weird chat for the record I
think once you once you beat the other
ship I think your teleporter
automatically recharges I'd be able to
beam them right back
agreed I think you are absolutely
correct but it's not worth it wasn't
worth it that that fuel was a good offer
I needed fuel
I think iron furs get some more
enjoyable later because I'm calling
awardable yen and didn't roam ship
mister that's not gonna help you at all
yeah well you know what it'll be great
for this boarding drone won't have
anyone to stop him
oh sure don't shoot your own drew oh
yeah okay I thought you're gonna shoot
your own drone take a few hits there's
nothing that's gonna kill him
sure good good Lloris didn't make much
of an impression of Game of Thrones not
much above it and I guess that's a
problem but as iron fist I hate looking
at his face most of the time mostly
because like the first two three
episodes of iron fist he has that he has
like a big curly beard and he has a face
that's not meant for a big curly beard
and so you just don't like looking at
him and so when you have a show that you
don't like looking at your main
character I think you have a problem but
in any case really interesting
characters in the Meacham's and same
with Luke Cage Luke Cage had villains
that were that were far more complex and
interesting than Luke Cage like like
cottonmouth and okay what was her name
you didn't watch it so you won't know
cottonmouth and his cousin Miranda I
want to say we're complex and
interesting villains but then they leave
halfway through the series and we get a
stupid bland villain to end out the
series and Luke Cage is nothing and had
and doesn't have name any motivation to
be a hero I'm sorry you should be but
like sorry it worked out that way but
like his entire supporting cast jak1 I'm
sorry I needed to hear that rich thank
you his entire supporting cast was great
the villains were great misty Knight was
great but and and even even Claire even
rosario Dawson had more to do than Luke
Cage did I know rich doesn't care but
the defenders is happening right now and
so my mind is 100% on it and I don't
care that rich doesn't care so how about
that they're trying Jack they're trying
to board me oh you trying to board a
mantas ship friends friends you're all
gonna die
you're all gonna fucking die wouldn't it
make more sense in a situation like this
if if you've got some sort of loot
because if kind of like a fuck you well
but if they boarded you you have to
assume that there's a some sort of ship
nearby there's some kind I didn't read
the text there's some kind of reason for
it hmm I'd like being buy from a
crippled ship or something okay
Diamondback was not awesome Diamondback
from Luke Cage was was a super generic
villain he was also he was also the
actor was playing the villain as if he
was in Black Dynamite like he was
hamming it up he was chewing the scenery
he was over playing it almost as if the
series was like a fake b-movie which
would be okay like if they went in that
direction but no one else was playing it
like that and so you have this one actor
who's playing it as if he's in a b-movie
and everyone else playing it straight
and it was really off-putting and he had
a generic backstory and then he put on
that stupid suit and I had no one
understood what the suit was diamondback
Black Dynamite is flippin amazing
absolutely but no Diamondback the
villain was dumb and lame and not nearly
as interesting as cottonmouth or Miranda
z trust I would also like give me an
entire misty night show I would watch a
detective show starring misty night she
she had more development than Luke Cage
she had that cool detective vision thing
she was putting in the work misty night
all the way all the way I'm not happy
with the amount of scrap mariah things
sector Thank You crutch and tickle could
have been better
99 scrap lets you know not the waste not
the bests but not the waste
Colleen wing and Misty night spin-off
show that'd be nice
yeah misty doesn't get a lot to do in
the defenders but it's not about her
it's about punching it's about punching
ninjas I'm halfway through yeah the
defenders and it's it's not bad it's not
bad it's not phenomenal but it's not bad
and there are some decent action
sequences so that's all you can really
ask for but it's it's a show dedicated
to punching ninjas that's all that's all
we're gonna do is we're gonna throw some
ninjas on screen and it's classic kung
fu movie schlock where every single man
woman and therapist knows kung fu yeah
and has an extendable baton I'm not I'm
not joking rich everyone has an
extendable baton what did those become a
thing that it's the lamest weapon I mean
I guess it gives you a lot is more it's
better than fists right it's better than
not having a weapon but every
motherfucker has an extendable baton and
it's ridiculous
extendable batons are the fidgets
spinners of the Marvel Netflix universe
because everybody's got one the kids
play with them what do I think of
Elektra in the defenders I was not happy
with how Electra's character turned out
in season 2 of day devil did you ever
finish season 2 oh I didn't I will
someday that's fine yeah and then I'm
not doing any spoilers but the the way
her character arc went in season 2 of
daredevil I was not a big fan of and so
far and like I said I'm only halfway
through the defenders so far she's not
doing anything that makes her terribly
interesting I love the Sigourney Weaver
she's a I mean one she's Sigourney
Weaver yeah but her her whole villain
thing is great some bad writing no rich
incredibly bad writing
yeah well you're pretty you're pretty
good on fuel now so that's good but like
you remember you remember in in in
daredevil like the you know there's a
lot of Madame Gao Madame Gao is a lot
older okay right she was you know she
was she's possibly ancient or something
like that and they do a similar thing
with Sigourney Weaver and this isn't
again no spoilers but they feel the need
to met to like make references to how
old she is like 800 times in the first
two episodes mm-hmm and it's just one of
those things we get it and she's older
than she and as you know she's hundreds
of you yeah fine we get it we get it
she's super old make another reference
how old she is I'm sorry for your loss
yeah as you should be yeah the ancient
innuendo I like that Jeana suave the
ancient innuendo that's exactly they did
that with with her a zillion times and
it got old
and it got old fast
I'm Becky got plates I don't know I'm
not ready to call it terrible I'm not
ready to call the defenders terrible but
so far it's just kind of man you know
the punisher stuff in daredevil season 2
was so amazing and jessica jones
right and fucking right I'm into that
I'd be into then did you hear the John
Baron Thal is what I think his name is
the actor who played the Punisher he did
an interview recently where he was
talking about fighting back with the
producers to make sure that the Punisher
that the Punisher wasn't too likable
good he's like this is really important
to me you know to that as an actor and
as the character we can't make people
like him because he's a bad guy
and apparently there were some there was
some fight back there in his bar so I
thought that was neat
a a sad woman this very well might be
beyond the game we're playing tonight
this is what Richard wants to play I'm
cool with that
I'm sorry hmm except I'm totally not
sorry nope rich is not sorry at all do
be Sam which says I can agree with him
Punisher is awesome but he's not meant
to be endearing yeah yeah he was fucking
great did you did you get to like how
far did you get with the Punisher stuff
in season 2 that's as far as you got I
get rich some crazy badass shit happens
I'm sorry my wife and to watch some
stupid kids comic book TV show crazy bad
ass shit I know everything's doing well
show about a blind guy I know you got
beard clipping clippings to trim you got
you got cats to watch you got shit to do
I know that but but I'm saying some
badass shit happens all right at the end
of the sector it was much better than
the last few jumps I got myself 100
scrap so you know nice nice enough with
Marvel the the defenders is the thing
that's out offenders is the thing that's
out right now mega paw I have heard of
Briggs be bear and I do like Kyle Mooney
what oh they have you don't like I'm not
even gonna bother fighting the boarding
drone I'm just going to kill them before
absolutely absolutely
Kyle Mooney is an actor that everything
- ooh you got alanis interesting
you got Gracie good I have somebody who
can safely fix my oxygen but turds are
green says rich would make a great
father
dad I aced my spelling test well lobby
fucking guy want me to pretend to give a
shit about things no I don't I
absolutely do not I just think it's
funny not watching season two daredevil
is apparently a capital offense I'm
surprised because I know you liked it no
no I got distracted by other things and
I never got around to going back to it
hmm
Obi Mena yes i have seen the trailer for
the new Jurassic Park game have you
heard of this there there it's a
Jurassic Park game in the vein of a like
a rollercoaster tycoon where you build
Jurassic Park oh that sounds nice mm-hmm
yeah
what's on the beverage list tonight I
just finished my iced coffee and then I
got a water that's my beverage for
tonight right now because I'm done with
my coffee I'm having a Mentos
so I don't have coffee breath because
I'm right next to rich and coffee breath
is not to be messed with
Dark Matter I'm certainly not going
straight edge but I am making a
conscious effort to reduce my caloric
intake as I've become a big fat fatty
recently I've gone I've gone over 200
and I don't like that so I'm trying to
get back down trying to get back down so
I'm going I'm going super hardcore diet
again so I can get back down in time for
time for swimsuit season next year so oh
that's true we need to choose a name for
a new crew member thank you that's true
well Richards making decisions right now
we won't be able to do this first okay
let me get over here and we'll include
everyone in this pick a random chatter
how about Stu pocalypse which is s T u P
AC o ly PS e Stu pocalypse I know 200
isn't bad for someone who's over six
foot and I'm 62
which is why I can I feel like I can you
know hide it well but like you know at
my height at the height of my weight I
was 230 like if you look back I think
the heaviest I've been on camera was if
you look back at like the behind the
scenes for the great Space Jam if you
look at me building fuck BOTS that's the
largest I've ever been out of 230 and
then I dropped down after some hardcore
dieting to 170
and that was my thinnest all of it all
these are in pounds so was 170 and so
like that's like early best of the worst
me most of that way it was in my hair I
know so and then you know basically for
the famine how long is best of the worst
bin a show four years something like
that
so bait like basically when best of the
worst started I kind of started back
that was my thinnest and I felt really
good about that so I I was I've just
been kind of generally easing off the
diet here and there and being more
relaxed with it and so over the past
four years I've gained all this weight
back so now I got to go back hardcore on
super shield generator super she OH
combat a combat drone will help me
against the drone ships sure but it's
not that's not anything you're gonna use
super often because you don't want you
don't want that attacking your crew
that's boarding if you're going full
boarding party right I'm thinking I'm
thinking about drone ships though sure
sure super shield is nice then I see
that there was a cloaking in there too
it's a lot it's a lot it's a lot yeah
that's a lot I need to use some of I
need to use most of the scrap to start
bulking up systems I need I need to bulk
up that teleporter I need to bulk up
weapons I need to bulk up sure engines
yeah I don't know man
now that dust is settled let's wait till
Richards done with this and then I will
ask him that question
what's question a kid re1 wants to know
now now that everything's evened out do
you prefer XCOM monarch scum - now that
you've had plenty of time with both
probably overall - overall - yeah okay
for the better end game alone oh yeah
then last mission and fucking XCOM one
is such a goddamn letdown such an
extreme letdown
Jax bordered goth hair and that is a
hard choice Dubey sandwich I'm not sure
what you're talking about I never had
goth hair I'm gonna need offense
eventually okay I'm just I'm going to
need it eventually all right you do you
man you do you this boarding drone
that's gonna be redundant mmm I'm
getting rid of the boarding drone that's
30 scrap I can use right now yeah okay
and I can only imagine when that new DLC
comes out we'll be playing that next
time - DLC Oh what is it coming up uh I
don't know I'm in no rush okay I'm in no
rush I got all the time in the world
yeah and they're doing like they're
doing like beta tests now so oh you
never said it I would look cool if I
sported a goth wig no no no hair for me
next week it comes out you guys think is
interesting we'll get to it I'm sure
we'll get to it eventually nice talk boy
jas babbler i am curious about the Mario
vs. Rapids
XCOM game I think we're gonna we're
definitely gonna do that as an episode
just because rich is such an ex-con
fanatic yeah
and so wondering how that style works in
a very different art style how that
gameplay works with a Mario game Mario
hopefully or or you would assume Mario
would attempt to simplify it and so do
they oversimplify it or you know it'll
be interesting so I think we'll do an
episode on that we tried that with that
hard West Oh what a turd that was sure
this was not a turd heard hard West was
just not at all compelling because you
already have XCOM didn't do anything
that X come did dramatically better okay
and it did a lot of things not as good I
didn't care about warren- under fucking
on Lauren Warren's paw Warren Warren is
my paw
I'm undead now alright
Jack don't give the impression it's
taken like that you could take him jack
and the grouse Keys looks like he could
pick you up and snap you in half that
that was the fat that was the fat
tricking you into thinking that I was I
was stronger than I was don't don't let
don't let a fat man fool you into
thinking he's strong
no sticklers Westworld season two isn't
starting until next year we're not
getting West world's season two until
2018 which is fine let him take all the
time they need West worlders was a
fantastic show season one was great
that's right and my role on the
Grabowski suppose person who couldn't be
knocked out by Mike so
we're getting stranger things Oh
stranger thing in two months that'll be
great
stranger things though - that's great oh
there's plenty of stuff there's plenty
of stuff to look forward to new Game of
Thrones tonight even though half of the
country has already seen it because of
people are leaking the episodes early
which is funny enough oh we got the
defenders to binge on all sorts of fun
stuff to watch oh you got a nice repair
guy now Garak no that's right the tick
the tick comes out soon oh I'm so
excited about that Peter Serafinowicz as
the tick no one I haven't seen glow yet
I hear really good things about globe
it's all right
did you watch it I started washing up
with Karen we got about three or four
episodes in and then we haven't talked
about it or watched it since like a week
I heard good things cuz it's the same
showrunners as orange is the new black
and I can't say I can't say it's bad
just not necessarily compelling that's
super compelling okay the concept
probably better than the show itself oh
no oh no I did see we were we were
getting ready to watch defenders and I
saw the preview with the preview for a
Netflix original movie that can only be
described as naked ground ha naked black
ground hogs day okay it's Marlon Wayans
wakes up naked in an elevator and needs
to find his way to this church across
town because he's getting married and he
keeps getting stopped and then wakes up
again in the elevator naked
so it's naked black Groundhog's Day and
I don't think it's going to be good but
I am incredibly fascinated by it i I
just want to watch it because like
that's you lost me at the weigh-ins well
you know who knows if it's going to be
good or not I'm just so fascinated that
that was obviously his pitch is the
naked ground hogs day it's gonna be like
Groundhog's Day but I wake up every day
naked it's like why why is how did that
how why how anti-ship fire drill
wait what I don't think I ever oh never
mind I thought I wasn't gonna anti fire
drone they just bought fire drones I I
misread that I misunderstood that it's
just a normal fire drunk oh I might have
just caught fire drone I thought it was
a drone that goes around your ship and
puts out fires that's what I thought it
was I had like a ton of Rockman mm-hmm
that would be so awesome for Rahman for
Rahman and instead a boarding party some
ions and a fire drone and then Jesus
just sucking Christ that their ship on
fire and you're Rahman come and smash
they just smash everything
Wow that ship on fire because they're
rock men are immune to fire yeah in this
game oh of course
God that would kick so much ass I'd be
great it'd be great I'd won I won I went
through more Rockman because I got that
four-person teleporter I'm I'm gonna
kick too much ass just with the Mantis
men
a ton of Rockman could only be one
rahman oh that's true that's funny
there's a Groundhog Day slasher coming
out in October I'm a groundhog day
slasher I can only say I'm okay with
like adding Groundhog Day as a tight as
a genre of movie like it's it's like
this movie but Groundhog Day we're gonna
Groundhog Day if I the slasher genre I
like it I'm okay with it
ooh you know what you call a group of
Rockman a rubble
thank you judge frowny face a rubble of
Rockman go away that's a great joke I
want you in my street the naked black
Groundhog Day movies called naked that's
right it's just called naked it's crazy
I want to see it only because I'm cured
only be out of morbid curiosity morbid
morbid curiosity let's see here
Cammack seein 120 says jack and rich if
you had a bigger budget do you think rlm
would try to an attempt an independent
project similar to the size of like
turbo kid they had a few million to work
with possibly
you know what I'm gonna say this I'm
gonna say yes necessarily have a great
idea floating around for a movie right
the second yeah but what I mean battery
is running low you are plugged in
apparently you're not Oh
Oh barnacles there we go fuck it fuck it
I'm gonna say yes I'm gonna say yeah
that that money would go directly into
the production see how relatively fast
that they can destroy that what can
destroy who what where when how
oh my god rich they're Myrtle izing them
nice
they can't even with the help they can't
keep up with me yeah well you kind of
amazing you have for the absolute
bruisers kind of amazing absolutely
I have a plan you have a plan what's
your plan
we're gonna buy guy who sucks out oxygen
into the second option either no nope
you gotta get him out of there you gotta
get him out of there to charge all right
that's not gonna work it was a nice shot
get him out of there let's see here sir
Deng cthe Oh whale says hey guys do you
know if J has watched three amigos since
you found out on stream that he's never
seen it I just watched funny farm and he
got me thinking about a few good Chevy
Chase movies to my knowledge he has not
though I don't like I don't talk to Jay
every day and we don't like explain what
we both did in great detail to adjust to
each other every single day at time we
talked so he might have I mean can you I
tried just killing them fast for them
they could do anything about it's not
really working
can you just burst laser the medbay
trouble is hitting it and fried oh they
have two layers of shield they have two
shields and I keep missing a shot sure
and that's a it's a good medbay they got
when I got one down that's something no
because they got an NG on there he's
gonna fix that right up
well but if you can do that then with
your people there you know he repairs it
before I can get a second shot on it
sure sure sure
Evander anthias will rename as soon as
Richard's done with this fight will
rename what needs to be renamed how the
gear in you will rename don't worry
thank you for reminding us
let's see here what say you says Netflix
doc recommendation the Berkeley
marathons insane race 100-plus miles
organized by a crazy man in Tennessee
neither have you seen it even as a non
runner it was fascinating I saw the
trailer for it it's just it's it's an
insane endurance test that people do and
like some people die doing this stupid
work jogging race
it's crazy I've heard of it I've heard
of it
it's a great taco well great well great
thinking about moving them into the
medbay whoo nice got works that works
nice job nice job rich nice job
let's see here war oh wait we should
rename if you're all ready to react all
right what are we we've got
well sorry hack bot you're not a real
person so I'm not you're not going to be
me okay we has an mg huh it is an NG
hack Bob the 5000 was was the first one
I picked if you want hack bot in there
alright that's fine that's fair doesn't
matter
Karen would be proud Karen loves ak-baba
mac bought the ng it worked let's see
here um war wolf 83 says hey Jack and
Rach I asked about your mouse and the
nunchuck I got the rifle 500 and ran
into issues plugging it in and yeah
that's what they're saying did you have
any issues with your rival no what what
issues are you having with it it says I
got the rival fighting on how five
hundred and ran into issues plugging it
in and going to town you're going to
need more specific because if it's not a
car it will not take you down to town
you need like an automobile or maybe you
could take the bus you may have you
might have a commuter rail line sure and
those will take you to town
if you have a mouse related problem you
need to be more specific
did you is there software that come
there so there's some believe it so I'm
gonna software I used that I got from
like still series website sure to
reprogram the buttons okay do what I
wanted them to do
I would I would assume that assuming
that's your problem you would need that
or or you you'd have to get make sure
your drivers are up-to-date oh I've done
this one with that ng where you get like
a super engine yeah I've never done it
with elastic remember huh this is
different oddly enough if you alright if
you do that event with a that particular
event with the virus there's a virus
right if you do it with an NG the ng
gets infected with the virus and he
dissolves right and then if you win the
battle you get another ng back only all
of his stats are maximum yes you get a
super engine you get a super ng yeah no
I've this the first time I've done up in
Atlantis I just wanted to see what the
hell happened I get an augment here
drone reactor booster which could be
awesome oh that problem means you get
another drone I wanna I want to see see
these had died just the terminal there
is a burst of o2 and the ng ship powers
down its weapons no longer sensing the
virus on board the ng sends some parts
over to repair your damaged computer
along with a unique ship augment well
you go CF see what it is
your shipboard drones home in speed
shipboard Oh does that mean only like a
defense I so should have done that with
the the ng but I didn't know yeah you
know now you know I didn't know you know
crap augment well you know he'll have
something to sell so that's yeah that's
good to buy if I attack the ship for the
ng side because you have to defeat the
ng ship right I would have probably
gotten scrapped for that equal to or not
if not more okay war wolf says hey guys
on initial plug I had oh wait hold on
more well if I'm just gonna click on
your sorry on initial plug I had buttons
but no movement after downloading the
engine 3 and a firmware they suggested I
got nothing no movement no buttons
pretty lights but nothing else no
movement very interrelated Ennead any
software for movement you might just
have a defective Mouse you might have
just bought a bad one and that could be
oh and I'm not judging you it was there
like a thing of plastic on the bottom
that protects that that is entirely
possible
do you know just dummy proof it like
make sure that the the I can see on the
bottom just putting that out there
a slug alright I'll take a slug you have
a fairly diverse cast of characters here
rich I'm liking this I'm using mantises
border so we slugs gonna be on engine
duty ma'am
yeah war war wolf I don't know if we're
gonna be any help but good luck
it could be a plastic thing covering
protecting the could be the mouse sensor
for shipping it could be it really could
be
if not then you could have just bought a
defective Mouse and that happens
obviously oh here let's rename someone
richer
all right ready random chatter we have
punk sidon PU and K s e I do n o n honks
I don I'm using I'm using our random
viewer picker let's sell that shit 25 I
would hold on to this higher drone just
in case I happen to run into three rock
men sure sure I check the sensor to
thinking the same no luck pride
defective returning it for another sorry
war wolf but yeah that happens that
happens more wolf did check to see to
make sure there's no plastic cover
that's good I like mind control I think
that's a need upgrade do I need it you
don't need it one bit here here's the
thing if you have mind control and
you're super awesome badass boarding
party you will tear through ships like
nobody's business I'll actually take me
along
it'll take me longer here's why I'll
have everybody dead while one of their
crews still on her mind control sure but
you will get you will kill the other
people on board faster that person will
just fuck around then yellow murder
it'll have its uses yeah they're gonna
at the very least it will counter enemy
mind-control oh yeah which is actually
what I'm more worried about okay
okay that's fair let's see here mochi
b85 says hey Wreckers i like all of the
defenders daredevil Jessica Lucas and
Colleen wing oh I get high records I
like all of the defenders daredevil
Jessica Lucas and Colleen wing because
nobody likes iron fist I'm sorry sorry
no you shouldn't be sorry he's a lame
ass character but I'm edging for some
the Punisher FARC yeah give me some more
scenes like I and I won't even say the
name of the scene because I've seen it
rich still needs to and and mochi fuck
yeah yeah yeah but I mean you know that
of that office escape that we saw in the
defenders was pretty badass
I enjoyed that there were some good
action sequences I was expecting that to
be significantly lamer oh one of your
crew is now the iron fist yeah they are
they're all the way they're doing
nothing but destroying shit I know of
course they are yeah they're gonna be
the galaxy's biggest badasses defenders
just made me because the ships defeated
there was no cooldown i teleported the
one whose side over and I'm teleporting
these over right away
yeah there's no cooldown after you beat
the ship agreed agreed
and I lost your name already but whoever
in chat said that watching the defenders
just kind of wets your palate for more
daredevil Jessica Jones
I agree like that's all because I mean
oh I'm very excited about season 2
Jessica Jones that is that was such an
amazing first season it was great
daredevil like I said I thought took a
down turn the season to but maybe
they'll bring it back I don't know we
get Punisher we're getting I mean we're
getting more of everything they're
making more Luke Cage they're making
more iron fists we're getting more no
this game is not a game you play a while
pooping on your iPad oh it's not
mindless enough it's me it's a game I
will play pooping on my iPad I have this
on the iPad and it's fantastic it works
great on the iPad
no good you get a battle this games
great on the iPad wait and so if someone
on board oh no you stop them from coming
why would you poop on your iPad great
question bad coffee great question great
question so a little known secret about
the iPads you actually use your own
fecal matter to buff out scratches on
the screen works fantastic also make
sure to stick some in the speaker holes
because actually the sound reverberating
off of your own poop it gives you a
richer deeper sound experience pretty
fantastic so there's some so you've come
with coming up for all the iPad pro tips
like beam what I need what I would love
you okay well would make this what would
what would what would put this run on
lockdown
yeah I on mark to the second weapon yeah
yeah shoots out an eye on every four
seconds that'd be nice between those two
ions in the combat drone I could end a
pipe beam I could fuck some shit up yeah
and this run would be unlocked down yeah
I mean already by the way like you're
playing on Normal difficulty you're
you're doing pretty alright here I know
what I'm doing doing pretty alright I
know what I'm doing with this game
borders please please boopie sound waves
through these sound waves let's see here
Lando was taken says not sure if it's
been brought up but I just picked up
splatoon too for the switch seems like a
great stream inclusive game and I'll be
honest with you I haven't played it yet
and I don't know if I'm gonna I don't
know if I'm going to play splatoon too
I have nothing against platoon 1 I had
some fun with it but I just don't know
if I care enough to get splatoon - oh
they they disabled my head they know I
don't need it to kick their ass you have
to watch iron fist to follow the
defenders it'll help they give you a you
know every every character gets a little
kind of introduction scene in the
defenders and so you'll basically get
what's going on but if you want the full
the full depth
you should this the the defenders kind
of directly follows after iron fists
storyline so if you want to know who
everyone is and what they're doing I
would recommend it you could probably
get away without it just you know have
have your phone there check Twitter
while watching Iron Fist cuz it's pretty
dang boring
right Pizza train you won't know who
that character is you get a better
understanding of the thing that
everybody's fighting for and where
they're from it's it's you can do
without it but it might help everyone is
just saying avoid iron fist at all costs
also not bad advice because it's a bad
show favorite flavor and just sour cream
because that were creamed onions or
Commission whatever that's fine you know
I'm pretty I'm from a pretty classic I
also love salt and vinegar more
important yeah is that you get kettle
chips kettle chips love the kettle chips
I'm okay with the heddle Cup chips I'm
not gonna disagree but you know I
wouldn't call that the most important
for me asking my opinion oh sorry
I want kettle kettle chips how do you
feel about salt and vinegar oh this one
I enjoy good salt and vinegar chips sure
sure
especially especially like if you have
like like a meaty sandwich like a roast
beef sandwich you know where it's like a
deeper flavor and a salt and vinegar
chip just mix I'll pop a little chip and
sandwich
we had a when we were up in Rhinelander
we we bought some weird flavored chips
Lay's is putting out like all these
weird flavors they they made chicken and
waffle chips that taste it apparently
like chicken and waffles some of the
most disgusting things I've ever eaten
that only had only one teleported over
they transported the borders into my
room full of highly-trained mansis mages
commander yes full of assassins
you have assassins rich stun bomb but
they also had a fried green tomato chips
which I really enjoyed I am but I also
just really like Frank green tomatoes
what's what's going to be a problem with
me and a big problem yeah
ships with med base yeah I don't
have a great way of Smashing med Bay's
right now okay
Dark Matter if you live across the
street from Roscoe's and have never been
there to try their chicken and waffles
get on that shit I make it a personal
obligation of mine to eat at Roscoe's
every time I'm in LA and I'm never
disappointed by their chicken and
waffles it is a flavor experience fried
chicken on top of waffle syrup hot sauce
you start you start putting the syrup on
the chicken you start putting the hot
sauce on the waffle at all it all meshes
together into glory you wouldn't think
it would work but it works
chicken and waffles are where it's at
tell them you chicken in chicken and
waffles it's glorious don't get the
chicken and waffle chips cuz they taste
like butt Chapman bass are good for you
if the enemies have them that makes it
harder for you if you're doing boarding
right
actually I my crew is gonna be so good
at killing people I kind of hope we run
the ships with cloned bass cuz I will
kill them faster than they can crank
them out that's that's not a joke I know
you were killing them faster than their
souped-up med bacon level on level one
med day yeah
fried chicken and waffles no wonder
we're eating ourselves to death
I'm not saying this is an everyday meal
Chad it needs to be experienced
rhaskos it's where it's at
I'm telling him just that it's making my
mouth water thinking about it is also I
can tell like how I can tell I'm back on
diet is like I start like food turns
into a look like a kind of pornography
for me like especially as it gets later
in the week because I try to do like one
cheat day a week just to keep my sanity
and as it gets the Thursday or Friday
I'll just start binge watching cooking
shows like YouTube cooking shows just so
I can look at the food I love it
mom work Jack sounds like the kind of
guy who would enjoy that burger in
Japanese Wendy's that has the buns of a
burger replaced with just straight and
meat patties yes moon to mind-control oh
sure it's kind of sucks well if only
there was something you could do about
that like murder them oh sure
murder them all there everyone's been
murdered what style of diet am I on I
the the how I lost
I lost 60 pounds like five six years ago
at this point and I did the I did the
slow carb oh that sucks
where did they hit you they shot a
missile like at some point before I beat
them Oh
and then after I beat them apparently my
defense drone stopped working for some
reason
sure because again it was done yeah oh
just a weird just a weird weird weird
timing glitch so it's it's the slow carb
diet aka the for our diet in which I
from from Tim Ferriss book the 4-hour
body the the basics of it is six days
out of the week I eat an incredibly
strict diet no carbs no sugars no
cheese's no dairy and then one day a
week I get to eat whatever I want and
and it worked it worked like fucking
gang but like I said 60 pounds I was
down 60 pounds and it worked like
gangbusters and then you know as I lost
the weight I slowly weaned myself off
and now I've gained like half of that
way back
so Saturday is treat day that's right
saturday is treat day for me so on
Saturdays I eat whatever I want
iron fist there you got that you got
Danny Rand right there Danny ran Danny
ran the iron fist fuck you all Danny ran
nice nice Jackie seemed to like talking
about diets well it's the thing that's
happening in my life right now so that's
the thing I'll talk about her you know
it's fair you talk about the things that
you do and it's I wouldn't talk about it
if it wasn't that's something that's
really on my mind recently just because
like I said I have I've gained enough
weight now where I feel like it's a
problem for me and obviously everyone
fluctuates but I feel like I've gained
enough where I'm ready to go full well I
was wondering if you want to buy up one
of those zoltan's just for the power
I'd love reconstructive teleport now a
fine little reconstructed teleport
and it's some way to get their shields
here no I have no plans on getting
ripped oh and yes I did see that Jerry
Lewis passed away today mr. Jerry Lee
yes comedy legend Jerry Lewis passed
away today burial yay long storied
career did a lot of good good work he
did a lot of you know work that helps
humanity later in his life he will be
missed I have no particular like Jerry
Lewis didn't necessarily change my life
but I've he's he was funny so I have not
I have nothing to say about Jerry Lewis
okay what are you thinking here what's
here why I'm not thinking much walk us
through it what's this abhi this would
be neat the breach bomb mark too if I
had another Lantis crew member fired two
of them okay I could breach like an
oxygen room and then throw some Alanis
in there hmm okay
or I could breach ah med bay
and throw some lettuce in there mm-hmm
but you could breach a med bay and that
solves your med bay problem it doesn't
do any damage to the bed babe oh it
doesn't the bridge here uh okay breach
bomb yeah
breach chance high normal damage 0.o
system damage through system damage
three so it won't damage their hull at
all but it'll fuck up their med bay then
I'm relying on missiles yep yep yep
or you could get another purse leader go
superlaser first
hacking is another option a CAC and shut
down the medbay if you can burst one
burst burst blaze r1 yeah sucks yes
first laser - is a fucking endgame or
that's why aura chat is reminding you to
take this moment and maybe upgrade some
ship system I am I'm considering many
things right now yeah okay I need a good
way to take down shields mm-hmm I would
I would kill somebody for a fucking good
ion weapon a good secondary ion weapon
like figuratively you would kill someone
in the game I would get another ion
weapon
you wouldn't murder one of your clothes
I would murder one of my crew members
random like I don't even get to pick who
it is yeah I would sacrifice one of my I
would say Christ two of my own crew
possibly possibly - this is what makes
you a good eye on blast - you know why
you know why this makes you a good
captain hitch it's not about you it's
about the mission right everything else
doesn't matter because it's all about
the mission I mean obviously we would
kill Danny rain yeah I am - doesn't fire
every seven seconds fires every four
really I am one fires every eight
seconds mm-hmm I have the ion stunner
it's not as good it's like every ten or
twelve or something but it stuns people
in the room I don't give a shit about
that I want to take Doug shields yeah so
my fucking combat drone can murder ships
like that's how I'm gonna have to take
down the mothership I can't rely purely
on boarding to defeat the mothership
right right I need ions and madrone ship
to be awesome
preach - I don't rely on missiles no
we're not shooting an iron fist we named
one of our crew member Danny Rand
because he came with his golden fist
which means he's really good at punching
people so we jokingly we named him D
anyway we are no longer shitting on iron
fist which is a pretty mediocre show
it's done it's done
I'd consider the Rockman but I do need
to upgrade other things yeah yep let's
see here the blue prism says hey Jack
which of your kids do you like the most
just kidding who would you be the most
interested in interviewing for prereq
tim schafer might be fun great job by
the way great job doing what I think
just in general general hey hey kid I
like him um Oh what I like to talk to
I should talk to I would like to you
know who I'd like to talk to I'd like to
talk to someone who designs board games
I think I'm never gonna use this view
fire yeah you haven't held power
required three and Ecosse a drone yeah
did I did it it's done we can't even
think about it's already done you did it
great I like to talk to someone about
about who someone who designs board
games just because I I know nothing
about how you even start in that world
how do you do your job I know so little
and you know I've seen enough behind the
scenes and and documentaries about video
game creation where I have a general
idea on how you make a game but I don't
know how you make a board game so yeah
someone like Eric Lang I who he also
made he also designed do lists which is
a game I enjoy and he made the
blood-borne game and some other some
other games I think that's Eric lang
I think LANs gonna be my new pilot
because my ng might occasionally need to
run around and fix things absolutely
always want someone in the pilots
absolutely yeah absolutely
we're reassigning some positions here
there's a subreddit for that check the O
for making your own board game I'd be
neat stay I like that step one find some
cardboard step to make board game I just
think it's interesting like I said I I
just know so little about the logistics
of making a board game that I I would be
interested in talking to someone like
run me through it run me through it
let's see here aimless Corsair nope
how about jabo jangles as I Jack I rich
I don't follow movie news are there any
movies you are looking forward to seeing
thanks for the show the moment what's
coming out I still really want to see
valerian which I missed in theaters and
now I got away for video-on-demand
like we're talking this year probably
the next few months
yeah what's what's the next movie that
you are looking forward to seeing in the
theaters are three yeah four three
what's that coming up November I have
literally no fucking idea what's going
on this December Thor Thor Thor that's
about it
I know coming up my local independent
movie theater is playing once again they
did it last year as well wet hot
American summer in the theaters and I'm
probably gonna go see that cuz I fucking
love what American summer and a chance
to see it in a movie theater is
a good time oh yeah the Bladerunner the
way Justice League is coming out this
year disaster artist this December yeah
so there's some things the Thor is
probably the thing I'm looking forward
to most in general just because that
looks like a neat movie still needs to
see his his other movie the director did
a movie called the hunt for the wildered
we watch that what we do in the shadows
were you there for that which was there
the mockumentary about vampires
no no what was this I don't know it was
he was here one night I don't know yeah
eight months mine soon months a might
not have been here you might not have
been here but that was a fantastic movie
and apparently his other movie hunt for
the wildered people supposed to be very
good I'd like to see that before I see
Thor well what we do in the shadows was
really good and you know mockumentary is
a genre that can very easily be done
wrong and be boring and that he found a
way to make it interesting
yeah associatia
I might I might just flee
that's fair do what you do rich all I
got they got the mad flack strats
let's see here Oh rich this uh this is
prime this is for you here aimless
Corsair says I think one of the major
problems with iron fists is that it
really isn't about anything all the
other shows have deeper themes in their
narratives and it really needed that
grounding element people who punch other
people by a show but punching people
most importantly is about punching
ninjas that's what Iron Fist is about I
agree I was trying to come up with an
arty farty bullshit theme theme
Ingushetia Jones is the clear winner
here just about you know getting over
tragedy getting over that's not good
daredevil has less of a theme but you
know it's it's good action sequence and
that's fine my here here is my only
pitch as far as a bullshit arty farty
theme - iron fist
get ready for Chet hate millennial angst
this is what I got chat millennial angst
if you think about it are the the main
characters if you look at if you look at
Danny Rand and you look at Ward Meacham
what you have here is people who are
entering the workforce entering the
world with no real direction get fucked
I know I know but bear with me here what
we have is is a past generation who has
unrealistic expectations of how they
will perform and an immense amount of
helicopter parenting and then
complaining about the people not
performing as well as they should be
which is typical millennial angst
bullshit what is a millennial
it's one of those things so it's it's
it's it's not perfect but I think that
was a theme of the show is you know
generally finding your own path
and finding it hard to live up to the
expectations of the older generation
it's not great but that's what I got
young yeah young people people I always
thought apparently I am a millennial
according to the spectrum that they give
out I'm I've always considered myself a
Generation Y which I guess could roll
into the Millennial because we were with
the apathetic generation but you
appreciate the effort yeah I know it's
it's not great but I thats what I'm
going with
millennial angst it stubbornly refuses
to give me an eye on what I know I know
and I'm very sorry
fuck the generational names I know I
know
I am what did you get an ion weapon ion
weapon nope nope nope
Generation Y Millennials are the same
thing oh well then fine yeah I'm you
know they give the age range for
Millennials and I'm I'm I'm in there
okay well pickled Hitler how do you feel
about a 30-minute band boom
I'm readin chat all over the place and I
just feel like you're being a dickhead
so goodbye name probably didn't help the
name didn't help and then you were like
yeah he called me super dumb and said
yeah I'm never gonna read the chat so
buy your gun
cuz I have that power I'm sorry rich I'm
very sorry
fighting the good fight absolutely
absolutely
let's see here Renaissance caveman says
since you were since you're tired no
sorry
since you've tried the Star Wars
rebellion board game you should try the
video game version from 98 it's based on
I played it I liked it yeah okay that's
fair you know that's fair now let's see
here huh fart it says hi fellas how
often do people come to you referencing
best the worst episodes from years ago
expecting that you know what they are
talking about and I agree with what Jack
said I might what frequently I might
forget know what they're talking about
oh sure yeah sometimes I remember a lot
of times people will like reference it
like if you reference a movie usually
I'll get it but a lot of times people
will reference like a joke we made in
that episode how prominent was the joke
right I well I'm saying sometimes I'm
just like what the hell are you talking
about
also I agree with what Jack said about
emulators in that one episode there you
go so what you're saying is you're a
monster a monster a horrible monster
are the mic rich moments genuine nothing
invested the worst is scripted other
than maybe the opening and that's to a
very minor degree you're right we can't
we the only the opening is scripted in
in a youtube you read boxes and then we
go okay and then the two who read boxes
go um how do you want to start this man
okay I got something all right and roll
right that's how much the intro is
scripted rich are you going to make an
eclipse of viewer good view of it up
here yeah we get it we get 85% shit it's
something that shit it's something shit
jack we get 85% I've made I so far I've
made three eclipse viewers yeah yeah no
that was another reason we kind of put a
cancel on the trip we tried to buy like
Eclipse sunglasses and we could not find
any sure sure you make a little fuel we
made them out of cereal boxes you know
you cut you get a cereal box but you put
a white piece of paper on the bottom and
then you cut out a hole on one side it's
here box and a hole in the other side
and and then on one side you put a
aluminum foil over it and you poke a
hole in it with a pin and then you can
look in the other side and you can see
the circle of the Sun and then as the
moon crosses it you know it turns into a
crescent shape it sounds like something
that only exists to give kids something
to do well you know it's it's a it's a
safe way to view the Eclipse as I'm sure
you're aware you should not look
directly into the Sun even during an
eclipse because it will burn your
retinas so we've been making eclipse
viewers for me and the kids the
neighborhood kids we're gonna all we're
gonna watch the fucking Eclipse it's
gonna be great we're gonna look into
cereal boxes
too many steps making of your it does
it's super easy get some sea air boxes
to get some white paper you cut some
holes aluminum foil pinhole boom and you
got a little pinhole camera it's gonna
be great and then you know like you just
check on it every 10 minutes and you see
the the Sun moving great it's gonna be
great
everybody should do that everybody
should do that I see I see one question
in the chat asking about favorite games
here's something I'd like to talk about
rich what happened to your hull damage
over time you got fucked
here's something I've talked about four
favorite games I was I was rendering out
this project I was working on last week
I didn't have a job that's I'm just
about finished with and I was rendering
out and and I went over to my other
computer and open up steam and started
flicking through all my games and
nothing was calling to me I didn't care
about playing anything I play some pub G
I don't really feel like it place in
front of 13th don't feel like it go to
overwatch them really feel like and I
just started scrolling like and nothing
was calling out to me so for the first
time in possibly over a year I played
Team Fortress 2 and I've been putting in
hours to Team Fortress 2 Team Fortress 2
is probably my most favorite game ever
it's the game I have the most hours into
out of any other game I've played barnum
and I started playing it again and it's
beautiful it was like it was it felt
like it felt like going home it was
comforting getting into a team fortress
to match and it felt great and I'm
thinking right now I'm at 975 hours
you're completely fucked I'm so sorry
so the question is like should I just go
should I just put plumped down some 25
hours and get over that thousand hour
mark I think so yeah I think so
yeah and I'm over a thousand total
because I also have a ton of our the
hours that I played on my xbox 360 when
it first came out and so overall I have
over a thousand hours but not on Steam
on Steam I only have 975 yeah this is
not looking good for rich this I need to
I need to find a store so we can get out
of this okay so I'm gonna be putting
some hours into Team Fortress 2 and it's
just a beautiful and lovely game
probably one of probably my favorite
probably my favorite game it's
definitely the game I have the most time
in two
I also I mean the the traveler speaks
says I wish every game calculated your
hours I think that's a that's a metric
that we only started recently using and
counting like how your total playtime
and I do I wish that came on every
single system I agree total playtime
watching the stream I have no idea
what's going on in the game yeah you're
in a spaceship and you're fighting
another spaceship I'm kind of that easy
the shields keep going down cuz you're
right next to an ion planet that
randomly puts out an ion burst and shuts
down some of your systems what classes
do you prefer any favorite cosmetics
I like medic I love playing as the medic
and engineer those are my two top
classes Ivan that the soldier I mean
just classic rocket launcher and you
know having fun to play as sometimes as
well but usually engineer medic soldier
it would be like my breakdown cosmetics
no I I first bought the game on my Mac
so I do have my my earbuds my Mac ear
but Apple earbuds which is just they're
just fun to have
do we have in the air we have enough
badass as any to use as money elsewhere
a ship alright ship
alright I'll be right back rich okay you
take
cross your fingers cross fingers didn't
repair you can't repair you need a shop
to buy repairs from for your hole you
can fix everything else but you can't
just between turns I'm gonna fix my hole
it's just that that's a nonsensical
thing you can't do it we have to just
kind of outlast this barrage and get
into the next sector get out of there
get out of there get out of there storm
I've no scrap
I have no scrap I am a stupid why am I
so stupid
I almost save my ass
I lost Rand oh well
we gain nothing better once crab
give me a give me a scrap earning event
I'm gonna risk these two before I go
here because we need the scrap
can they get their Michelle's
conceivably
kill them kill the intruders
what's a priority take out the Medway
yeah great good composed I know you can
pause the game at any time but you know
if you were gonna do something super
serious
what
bad news jack why what happened what
happened what's wrong now I have no idea
I have no idea what's going on did every
celebrity just die
no just the two Jerry Lewis died and oh
who else died I know the old a pioneer
black stand-up comic like one of the one
of the First's to forget his name now
everybody's talking about him
everybody's talking about him and Jerry
Lewis Dick Gregory thank you
Dick Gregory died stand-up comedian and
political social activist old school
Santa comic and and was part of the the
the civil rights march movement so March
movements
not Richard Pryor the the the the man
the man who Richard Pryor looked up to
I'm gonna lose because this game well it
won't give me decent weaponry in refuses
yeah
I'm sorry rich
you're right and you're right the game
saw what kind of run you were working on
it just said nope not for you rich Evans
not for you what's gonna win is there a
way to tell is it worth investing in a
scrap recovery arm
I'd have to get rid of something can you
check your map like if you go back to
ship you're in Sector six
out of what eight yeah so maybe but
maybe not
I'd have to give up something decent I
don't think I'm going to do an actual
good player would win with your setup
double snap prick Rick let's see what we
got here here it this time it simply
says something that always makes me
laugh is the Millennials are killing the
blank crap as though people not buying
into your shitty business plan is their
fault try making something that people
want right I think that's that's a usual
thing right ah the hippies are killing
this how those eighties punks are
killing this the disco is killing this
the grunge movement is killing there
that's just everything all the time the
kids kill off the old stuff and the old
people don't like it yeah we killed
napkins
okay we're killing everything oh those
you know what those nasty flappers are
killing off the horse and buggy business
oh the flappers done
I even get me started on those vegans
right there killing the beef industry
killing it the vegans let's see here
tired and SAS is looking back at the
early next gen systems from the 90s
would the Nintendo 64 be the most
overrated everything yes looked foggy
and the thing couldn't play full
cutscenes like the PlayStation were
saying just goading me at this point I
freely talked about how I think the n64
is a piece of shit yeah to call it the
most overrated
I think downplays its strengths then in
ten to sixty four strengths multiplayer
gaming PC at the time
PC at the time AC not everyone had a PC
that could play anything more than
solitaire that shitty split-screen crap
as the n64 so listen just because you
didn't have friends that played games
doesn't mean that the Nintendo 64 wasn't
a player in tiny box the Nintendo 64 was
a giant shit yes I agree
Goldeneye of the living room not just
Goldeneye we had Mario Kart and smash
brothers 4 player gaming in the living
room was a huge deal and at the time pc
didn't have the games
Oh God rich what multiplayer games quick
- rich what Mike noisy poison fucking
they have okay so they have so they have
one good multiplayer game I'm talking
about all the multiplayer games they
have people could play what happened oh
nice nice I did I don't yet you're doing
great rich I think you're doing great
you're doing great just to keep a lower
power profile though I might stick with
the pike beam I did I did not have a
computer in my house until I don't think
I had a computer till I moved out on my
own and it wasn't anything I could play
a game on so I probably got my first
computer in 2000 2001 maybe even after
that actually
I sold the aya oh I sold the other ion I
didn't think I was gonna get lucky later
on so I just said fuck that strategy Oh
and I can play the if you go back and
play the PlayStation you will see it had
warping polygons and textures only the
n64 had true 3d objects I you know I I
think the n64 can't be discounted just
because games looked like garbage cuz
they did look like garbage
but you can say that the same thing
about early PC games no matter how
positively you talk about thief it looks
like garbage
it didn't look blurry it looked like
garbage
no it I we just see that the shading
they used in theif and held up far
longer than it should have the the
shading that they used on awful looking
textures and awful looking model the use
yes the artistic use of shadows on are
awful looking models really extended the
longevity longevity of thief which still
look better than the best n64 game I
would disagree with it well obviously
you said it even compared to Goldeneye
oh well then or Goldeneye look like ass
of course I did object yes
big I'm nostalgic because I had Kate
Bowers and hours of quality time with a
machine and I played with people this
calls for a PC and 64 showdown
absolutely
showdown happening
you couldn't rent PC games back in the
day is that true I don't know it doesn't
matter a store where you could actually
oh yeah yeah yeah we'll see we'll see
you the shit rich is talking about the
n64 when we finally get that diddy kong
racing stream going oh it's gonna be off
the hook
right off the hook it is all subjective
it's absolutely subjective which is why
I'm rich and I can have a back and forth
about it but it's alright I think I
think just because just because it looks
bad doesn't mean you're you're you're
discounting a large chunk of what the
n64 did well which was multiplayer
gaming and the games were very good all
right all right back in the day not
everyone had a PC that could run games
not everyone had an internet connection
where you could play the multiplayer
games with other people I think n64 had
some clear advantages not saying that
the that the the PC didn't have its own
advantages but Jack I'm flying up
Seattle is fine it's fine everything's
fine everything's fine haven't you know
everything everything's fine
Jack you are the Iron Fist of having
opinions you know what that's that's a
decent burn I was apologize for being
you were you were having some fun with
the moment bridge I understand that
about you and that's all fine let's see
what we got here art of self seal art of
seal seal that's I don't think that's a
real word but hey that's fine um ahoy
gents a live stream and a cold beer life
is good
just watched Mars Attacks recently and
thought how wonderful it would be if
Martians landed why would that be
wonderful you know we get some we get
some decent comedy out of it before we
were most of us were incinerated and
then we would get Martian guts when we
figured out their weakness no spoiler
alert let's see here read any
interesting space news lately what's
going on in space there's a lot of space
happening I don't know if there's if
I've read any interesting space news I
know they're gonna try to vaporize
Mars's atmosphere to make it oxygen-rich
they're working on a plan to vaporize
Mars's atmosphere to make it produce
don't oxygen
SpaceX is doing very well that's
exciting we're still trying to figure
out how to clean up all of our space
junk that's gonna be a bigger problem as
soon as we start weight once we want to
start like leaving and coming back from
the earth more often we got to find a
way to deal with all that space junk up
there there's a lot of junk rich in our
in our orbit those old satellites and
shit junk I would do that Jack I don't
know I'd write half read an article
about about them trying to put oxygen on
Mars
yeah probably magnets well no yeah
they'll put Matt Damon up there he'll
he'll plant some potatoes and he'll just
make it happen you saw you saw that
movie that's great it was great day sis
too says hey Jack and rich
I live in Singapore so I never get to
see your streams live hope to hear and
oh my god on the YouTube video on demand
later thanks for everything and keep up
the great work now
speaking of space junk they made a hard
sci-fi anime based around the concept
called planets is about astronauts doing
that job that will that will be a
legitimate job is people the space
janitors will be a legitimate job as
soon as we start leaving and coming back
from the earth more often I would not
want to run into a piece of space junk
while leaving the planet planets
planetís oh yeah you're probably right
Tiberius they'll just get drones to do
it they're just gonna get drones to do
everything that's great
Mosca already has robots to clean up the
space junk he just needs to get him out
in space first you know he has some just
in his warehouse ready to go
but how would you clean it up the stuff
is orbiting around the earth at
ridiculous speeds well yeah but then you
just go a relative speed and grab it you
would have to be orbiting the Earth as
well and so you would just have to find
a relative speed and then you could just
grab it is how I would assume it would
work
senior Funkytown musk is a Bond villain
we should do vasty scurvy dogs you just
got an achievement all right all right
whatever that achievement was rich you
got it we need to I think as a nation as
a planet even if you're not a United
States citizen a citizen of America we
need to do all we can to keep Elon Musk
happy I think if he turns against us
were all fucked do you think he is he
has all this incredible technology
resources influence in the tech sector
he could do some serious damage to all
of us so let's just do one let's just
make him happy whatever he needs that
guy that guy's gonna bond villain Jack
no no I'm not saying we don't have a
real-life James Bond but even if we did
he might mess up I think Elon Musk has
great marketing but is an overrated ass
he has a lot of cool things I don't
disagree that a lot of its marketing but
I also think he's really neat
we need to name someone okay look let me
get this we get this and how do you feel
about scorn 12:10 scorn 12:10 get out of
here Chris Phillips scores so in the
interest of generating a peace when what
are you bringing the money what are we
gonna answers for six fixed to play that
diddly Colin did he call him
diddly come diddly Kong diddly Kong is a
very different thing
actually it's banned in 13 states
I think it's fixed in extreme do it yeah
let me double-check well bond over the
n64 Jack will make peace I was kind of a
jerk I feel terrible
I understand it was kind of a jerk for
laughing like that you were but see you
know I mean that that era that's when PC
pioneered multiplet multiplayer gaming
sure that shit started with its software
really and doom and quake and quake 2
and oh I'm not discounting this yeah
yeah but I don't think the numbers were
there like yes they were pioneering they
were making it possibly they could have
been also just because I didn't have one
it was like it was it wasn't even on my
radar and I am a jerk chap I was being a
jackass jackass play college you but you
were being a jackass for entertainment
purpose yeah yeah so I kind of
understand it should not be the bottom a
joke jack you're my friend listen you're
used to it you're used to turning on the
people closest to you thanks Mike
exactly that's why it's hard to blame
you and it's just the environment you
were raised in rich yes I will
double-check at the n64 is up to snuff
don't you need a computer on a farm this
was before this was before home
computers were a big deal no like I said
I I want to say my very first computer I
bought in 2002 after I moved out of my
parents house and got my own place and
after I worked for a couple years I
decided it was time to get my own
computation machine and so yeah we
didn't have a good I didn't have a
computer for a long time I Steve the
ghost
and the big problem with space junk is
there's really small stuff like paint
chips yeah let's solve it that's some of
it yeah hunchback jack like I know like
there are some people that just didn't
grow up with consoles and had computers
but I think for computer consoles were
more accessible back in the day and so
that's that's what that's what I hadn't
that's what a lot of people had I don't
think rich has seen any game of Thrones
I I have watched every episode of Game
of Thrones semi begrudgingly because my
wife watches it honestly it sounds
miserable yeah
so-and-so died so instant died all you
favorite camp does a dead sound
absolutely miserable I really think it
is and I also think it's confusing I
think it's miserable and confusing and I
don't much care for it but it's just one
of those things where you know it's a
it's a chance to sit down with with Lisa
and today I will sit for an hour and
I'll watch the thing and sometimes you
see some boobs and that's nice there's
some butts there's some decent violence
decent gore and violence so you know
that's what you get and I'm okay and
Peter Dinklage so
I didn't think Farscape was confusing
I thought Farscape made some logical
leaps but that's different I was never
confused by Farscape - didn't much care
for
Game of Thrones equals soap opera for
nerds yeah I mean yeah yeah Thank You
dreamers okay you just didn't get it
jack
yeah no I did and I got it and I got it
all it's just I think it's poorly
written
I think it's poorly written and the
characters meander and yeah no
everything's fine first time I landed on
a game of throwing episodes I thought it
was porn oh yeah there's some there is
some dirty dirty stuff dirty dirty stuff
let's see here tired and sad said with
Joss Whedon taking over the DC EU what
do you think will happen to the film's
after Justice League will there be a
soft reboot or should it just be trashed
and redone from scratch you trash it so
early like right away rumor is that
they've renamed the flash movie to
flashpoint yeah his flash flash point
and flash point in the comics was a
major universe reset button so I can
only assume that they plan on doing the
same thing for the movie universe we
have to be so frustrating being a DC
Comics event I mean at this point any
comics fan right like any comics fan yes
but DC in general and or and
specifically yeah how often is there a
flashpoint how often the continuities
rewritten flash yeah terrifying to buy a
comic book because you don't know like
this is a comic book I really like gee
it might not have happened
oh I'm really into this character I've
been I'll be ashamed when they get
rebooted out of existence yeah yeah I
would never want to be a DC fan right
sounds horrifying yeah Infinite Crisis
crisis on Infinite Earths flashpoints
the then the new 52 reboot and now it
wasn't there it wasn't there another
universe reboot after new 52 they're
doing something now rebirth that might
be that different from the Final Crisis
reboot how do you even keep up how can
you keep up that was so infuriating to
me by the way as a as someone who read
miss Marvel yeah that was right during
the Marvel Universe reboot I had to like
I had to do some serious Google and
Wikipedia searches just to find the
issues that connected
okay she's she's in this universe and
now I need to read one issue of this to
figure out what happened there and then
I read one issue of this and then I can
pick up her new series which is in this
universe and everything changed and it
was awful it was awful just catching up
to the stupid thing that they did with
the universe
I'm just gonna accept the private yep oh
yeah you need to prepare well I'm greedy
I'm being greedy I can admit that I'm
being greedy all right no that's her as
long as you can admit it
look the fact that I need this many
repairs I need to rethink my weapons
okay
rethink man rethink away marvel I think
I'd like to think Marvel is easier to
keep up with because they they only do
one universe resetting thing every 10
years instead of twice a year like DC
does but no the only one they've done
it's been Secret Wars well no now that
and then they did this new one marvel
other than Secret Wars yeah I think you
said that last year where's that Secret
Wars I'm also I'm reading behind it so
I'm not caught up on no no I didn't what
else did they do they did they did
another universe resetting thing didn't
what I'm trying to I'm trying to
remember
this oh this is the new one oh well yeah
there's the Ultimate Universe no longer
existing I I guess one more day was a
spider-man specific reboot sure that was
a universe reboot that's what I loved
yeah oh yeah Scarlet Witch Scarlet Witch
did her house of M there was a temporary
thing it didn't get undone but that was
silly story and then everything went
back to how it was after the best of my
no no not everything
some people remembered their House of M
altar you going to change the characters
alright including the original Miss
Marvel who is now Captain Marvel that
was part of her storyline that's right
and then they did the all-new
all-different reboot and now they're
doing the marvel legacy thing which
looks reboot ish I'm sorry so you're
acting a little reboot ish and we're
going to have to ask you to leave
Captain Marvel is the best Miss Marvel I
don't get it I tried to read her book I
read her first her first collection and
I just didn't get it I didn't understand
I don't understand why people like
Captain Marvel not my kind of book
there's nothing to be gained with the
spray
I don't know fucking chefs fucking drone
ship so yeah I guess to answer your
question
flashpoint might reset the universe
there we know they're probably going to
get at least one more you know we know
Aquaman is filming and we know that Joss
Whedon as part of his deal to finish
Justice League is getting a Batgirl
movie whether that will happen before
the the universe reboot is is yet to be
seen but who knows at this point who
knows crane hand Christ says hey Jack
would you rather be over over what sorry
I I didn't know where this was going
would you be rather would you rather be
over your dead and you haven't done
anything that you want or you're still
alive and there's nothing you want to do
did a large precession wave their
torches as my head fell in the basket
and was everybody dancing on the casket
now it's over and I'm dead and I haven't
done anything that I want or am I still
alive and there's nothing I want to do I
get it that's a good one it's a good
song I returned a bag of groceries
accidentally taken off the shelf before
the expiration date I came back as a bag
of groceries accidentally taken off the
shelf before the date stamped on massage
I'd I don't remember a lot but I
remember they might be giants alpaca
death-trap says hey Jack I also just got
back from a road trip to just south of
Calgary what and I've come to the
conclusion that road trips would be
horrifying if blood if bugs splattered
blood instead of little bug guts yes yes
it would be because you end up with a
lot of bug carcasses on your car and man
if a splattered blood like people did
constant washes constant watches
why I locked it i unlock the mantasy so
no no so you did it I thought I had to
win I guess I just had to get to sector
eight oh good
somewhat easier yeah I was listening to
particle man today's such a cute song
that whole album that all that whole
flood flood is a great album everything
everything done I just love just about
every single they might be giant song he
ever ever e-ever great
now try singing letterbox Oh what's the
letterbox I know a lot of they might be
Jen's I don't necessarily know a
letterbox the best song on flood is
hands down birdhouse in your soul says
mr. Pugh pee pants it's not a bad song
birdhouse in your soul best on the app
and then you're saying what's better
Roxanne want Rob wind a string around
your racist friend road trip their road
movie to Berlin is that what it's called
we're movie - bird can drive the way we
drove ooh that's a great one they're all
great music chat with Jack this is wha
it's just they might be giants it's all
I can all I'm saying is they might be
giants particle man everything
everything on that album is perfect
every and that album is perfect what the
fuck has been happening these past five
minutes I've just been reminiscing about
They Might Be Giants while rich seems to
be struggling yeah with uh with a rebel
ship here a rebel rigger
relationship hostile
all right human you get some piloting
skills while we're trying to crack the
shell Anna Anna Inge is not on flood
anything is a great song though
Hosanna egg is that Lincoln might be
Lincoln but adding is another great song
yes I have seen them I've seen they
might be giants Live Twice one time
probably 2003 ish 2004 ish in Madison at
a little theater it was it was real big
fish opening up for they might be giants
and it was a glorious evening that the
small place in Madison I wanna I think
it's called the Barrymore and at the
time my wife was up there going to
college she wasn't my wife at the time
but I went up spent some time with her
saw real big fish and they might be
giants it was awesome
they did this bit they did this bit
where they just they brought a radio out
on stage and started like flipping the
radio channels and finding random songs
and then just started playing with that
song and then someone would like change
the tune around the radio and they'd
start playing with the next song and
that rolled into the fingertips montage
at the end of Apollo 18 and it was great
they were doing I think that was during
their mink car tour
so that's great and then I actually just
saw them recently in Milwaukee as they
were doing their final tour or what they
everyone suspected to be their final to
her and I saw them here in Milwaukee and
I was a little disappointed about show
but no sorry I still saw them live again
and it was a great show
no Richards not listening to a word I
say no I'm not he's you know I'm in the
zone yeah he's in the zone Apollo a
theme was intended to be listened to on
random it scanners fingertips oh yeah
Apollo 18 if you are them They Might Be
Giants fan
you need Apollo 18 in your music
collection just on the off chance that
if you hit shuffle all songs you will
get one of the fingertip songs that's
just a three-second little fluttering
thought song I love having that in my
collection just for that thing this is
not on hard campus this is unnormal so
you know create yourself well they're
just they're wondering you Kazee any
struggle and that's fine well FTL is
known for being so easy
Green Head Christ I agree goddamn it and
I love they might be giants I do that's
right Chet FTL uneasy is still hard
right yes I can feel it easy
I win an easy fairly consistently yeah
yeah they're probably not going to add
to anything new to ft I mean we already
gone I need about 60 more scrap for this
fight we already got the free DLC the
extended stuff an FTL which was a great
addition I'm not and now the the FTL
makers are working on a new game so
we're probably not going to get another
one
no to my knowledge rich has not tried
the captain's edition no no what does
the captain's edition that's like oh but
it's like a mod you know oh I'm
unfamiliar with it a day that's it had
some more stuff all right I'm not gonna
crack that not it might be well enough
equipped for the mothership I wanted to
fully upgrade my weapon so I could use
all three yeah that's not gonna happen
not going to happen all right so we got
to make do do it do it rich do the
damage mind control ass is fantastic at
least they didn't hack your teleporters
here we go here we go everybody
here we go have you seen the footage of
pub G on console I saw the announcement
that it's gonna come to Xbox one
but I don't know if I've seen any
footage I'm sure it looks relatively the
same as consoles are relatively powerful
machines at the moment it's also coming
to ps4 great
any word on cross play probably they
probably won't do cross play because
there's no you know there's no way a
controller player can compete with a
mouse player Pub G makes millions
stealing the assets from other games
well I know that's how it originally
started and is it started as like a dayz
mod and then an ARMA mod and now it's
kind of its own thing but yeah oh yeah I
will show risk that rich that I have
dusk bookmarked on my Steam page I will
show that to rich dusk old-school
first-person shooter looking thing looks
interesting
my boss - manis whole mind control oh my
have I played anything at 4k 60 frames a
second yet not to my knowledge I don't
even think I don't even think my monitor
supports 4k so it would be moot and I
generally don't care about that as long
as as long as I'm getting 60 frames to a
second per second I don't care what the
graphics look like I'm not a graphics
person
um I think did we look at agents of
mayhem to play on stream no Wow looks
interesting I mean we're not opposed to
to playing new games
this is just what rich felt like playing
today I hate playing ship for the first
time on stream I've come to dislike it
you've always disliked it you've made
for some terrible streams hey that's
true that is true that is true
we generally we don't we generally don't
plan out what we're doing on stream I
know I would really like to do a point a
an adventure game we were talking about
Space Quest - coming up soon that would
be neat it's been a while since we've
done a voiceover stream so I think that
would be a lot of fun and yeah there's
some new games coming out really out you
know just twiddling my thumbs until the
the mario Rabbids game comes out shit
yes wait swiggy how Danny Browns great
he's weirdest fuck that guy's weird as
fuck if you are into indie hip hop and
you don't know who Danny Brown is you
listen he that guy is a weird ass rapper
I'm still making my way through the new
Kendrick Lamar album as far as indie hip
hop is concerned I don't even know if
you can call him India anymore but I'm
still making my way through damn
I can't get over his voice yeah it's
weird it's weird like I don't know if I
like it but I'm into it and if that
makes any sense where it's just weird
enough where I'm into it
ah what happened what happened what you
do the horribly timed cloak no there's
gonna be tedious I agree so far I'm
really digging new Kendrick I mean but
everyone is everyone's everyone's
digging new Kendrick Jack I'm a stream
where you were out of town Karen
mentioned that she would like to play
animal farm on DSO animal crossing on D
S on a stream yeah that would be a
stream we're just rich and I had a lot
of talking to do it so yeah Karen you
play Richard rich and I we have we are
going to discuss this for four hours and
Karen will just play that in the
background
we could we could start um we could
start delegating gameplay fifa we're
gonna outsource our gameplay to a third
party
let's see here agonized candle says how
do you come to terms with your mortality
once we die we'll stay dead forever yes
I can't comprehend that let alone feel
okay about it what else you gonna do
yeah and I don't know how that actress
is some leekie commit suicide but isn't
that really just hastening the problem
you know the the I mean where did that
even come from but I mean you're correct
but it's like what no to meet like to me
our mortality is what makes what we do
every day so very special the fact that
one day it's all gone and there's
there's no more there's nothing there's
nothing ever there's nothing after makes
what I choose to do with my time that
much more important every day so it's
it's a big deal for me but I like I said
that's what motivates me to do stuff
that's what motivates me to to go on
vacations and to watch weird movies and
to play video games and to hang out with
my friends I am very motivated by my own
mortality I didn't know I sold it when I
bought the blast to me in the end well
there you go now I need to land a couple
lucky hits
on their bed babe before I can even
think about attacking right especially
down a manís know
well that's depressing well you know
that's what happens I just got a patreon
update that knew best of the worst is
coming out in a couple hours
guess they're waiting for you guys to
wrap up for once I guarantee they're not
waiting that's just how long it's taking
to upload ya know rich is playing on
Normal difficulty for anyone well some
people are asking I could not find a
good set of weapons for the life of me I
needed that
second eye on I didn't find it until
after I sold one of them
I don't know what to do I think you're
running yeah okay that the hacked mind
control is gonna kill me
yeah aren't you guys in the same studio
can't you yell down the hall or
something they don't always upload from
here you can upload anywhere the
internet is oh yeah I love the expanse
really looking forward to the new season
whenever that comes out but I watch it I
love it
I think it's great great sci-fi actors
are slightly bad characters are a little
I think this archetypal but the the
story is amazing I'm drawn in in the
world the belters versus the earthlings
versus the Mars
you're gonna rethink this how are you
rethinking this rich what's your thought
process
I'm gonna die when everybody burns it up
in my teleporter room Wow well in there
you go never mind I just need that
shield to be down long enough to do what
this
so we doing one damage
cuz it's going through one shield but
it's something and is this is this part
of your angular mothership refresh this
when I go to the mother ship
okay so focused on killing their crew
but that would make life so much easier
if I could just murder their crew Oh God
no disrespect to Thomas J and Thomas
train does a good job but the actor who
plays Holden he's a bit much and you
know he's our main character and he's a
bit much I just saw him as a young as a
young man in sky high we watch sky high
the Kurt Russell is a superhero and
sends his kid to superhero high school
yeah movie and and the actor who plays
Holden in the expanse has a role in it
but he's like a kid and it's weird to
see him so young three shots in a row to
hit without missing
skyhigh you know what it was alright
this guy I it was it was a fine little
kids movie my children enjoyed it
timing our Miller says I only started
playing FTL for the first time this
summer and I get why rich is obsessed
it's a very good game FTL a very good
game
Holden's the name of the main character
from the expanse you got some shit
weapon you can't get through their
shields yeah
pay a first laser anion miss miss miss
miss miss miss miss miss miss yeah I
don't know what to tell you I'm fucked
you tell me I'm fucked I mean fucked it
kind of seems like you're a little bit
fucked that's what it kind of seems like
good they hack my fucking sensors this
time no idiot let's see here anonymous
says hope you guys have a good week
thank you it's quite possible we will
it's quite possible unit 603 idiot says
play loom by the latest masterpiece of
fantasy storytelling from Lucas Films
Brian Moriarty
it's an extraordinary adventure with an
interface an interface on magic stunning
3d landscapes interesting and
sophisticated music they come back to
life who does you killed some people may
came back to life yeah after the that
first round after you ran away yeah
interesting well they are surrounded by
other ships so they probably just picked
up some more right this isn't going to
have all for sure this isn't going to
end well yeah you're probably gonna die
you're probably gonna super die
mind controlling the engines hey that's
fair hoping they kill each other off a
bit
let's see what we got here
goong-bok says hey it's Carlebach
gehlbach gay bak gra batch anyways have
a nice night and Jack if you're ever in
California I'd love to buy you a great
double IPA here San Diego has a vast
amount of breweries ah yeah yeah
I'm coming back I probably won't have
time to hang out for a beer but I'm
heading down that way Thanksgiving time
it's been Thanksgiving down there gonna
see some family hang out for a bit and
go to Universal Studios it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great I'm hoping I'm
hoping while I'm down there for a long
time
my cousin Jake who I used to make videos
with and used to do comedy with him and
all that stuff oh you know the one of
the the first kind of real movie thing
that we ever made was a little short
movie it was like 20-30 minutes and I've
been giving some serious thought it's
nowhere on the internet and I've been
giving some serious thought to re
editing it and putting it up on the
internet because I think it's
interesting I think it's interesting how
how bad it was and like I said it's just
a 2030 minute thing and I have it on DVD
the only problem is I need to re-edit a
bunch of it because like we used songs
that we maybe shouldn't have used and
and it's not quite great and so what we
need to do is find all of our original
footage
which is all still on DV tapes which he
claims he has in his house and so that's
one of one of the things I'll be doing
while I'm over there is grabbing all of
these original DVD DV tapes so I can
re-edit all of the footage and and get a
clean version up on YouTube which I'm
really excited about sweet Jesus now did
I never know that Jack has his own
YouTube channel it's true I barely
upload to it though I barely ever up
updated but I think that'll be an
interesting exercise one of one of the
ending of that short movie is probably
one of the the things that I'm most
proud of ever writing and we did we did
a terrible job of filming it but I
remember it's it's one of the things I'm
most proud of writing and I'd love I
just love for it to be out there if we
can find these original DV tapes do you
have a way to transfer from DVD that
shit sucks well yeah I mean we'd have to
get it an old DV camera and do all the
it like the importing all over again
there's a ton of shit I'd have to redo
basically start from scratch do it rich
do it you can do it
we're not know
oh my god oh my god you're not yeah they
have a crazy medbay I know they do
Oh what what their their mind controlled
person came back over with me
oh sure cuz he was in the same room when
you teleport he came back over with me
so he's dead
see we can do this you think we can
fucking do this we can so fucking do
this
we're gonna kidnap these cocksuckers one
by one that's your plan that's that's a
fair plan rich that's an absolute fair
plan we do this you're gonna you're
gonna go over there mind control dude
teleport them back and go you're on our
ship now that is back on uShip you'll
kill them
that's the sneakiest murder you're
drugging him your ship is this way oh
okay my my ship is this way I believe
you
nice fantastic news you found an
interesting work around here yeah so you
can just mind control them yeah you rich
knows about the AI he will not kill
everyone obviously if you kill I believe
the one guy that one weapons room yeah
alive he can't fix any of the rest of
this it's great if you kill everyone on
the ship when it comes back the next
time it's controlled by an AI that's our
really devious so you leave one guy
and you've never done this before how
many hours you have an FTL and you're
just finding this out isn't that great
this is the the the goalie that is FTL
is Rich's discovering a new tactic after
all this time we hope we saved you from
your evil crewmates come into this earth
closet why does this room have a graded
floor right for easy cleanup
motherfuckers why does this room smell
funny
don't worry about it don't worry about
it go on the road kidnap strategy kid of
mad kidnap strats
oh it's great it's great rich rich you
know what rich truly enjoys mad strats
and he just learned a new one you could
that means you could have done this
self-preserving the prettiest children
yeah all of them go there
interesting the mad strap that is murder
but it's not just murder like he's not
just murdering them you understand he's
kidnapping them first that's the glory
of it he's he's convincing them to
defect and come to his ship and then
killing them off one by one
yes I will grant you Asylum yes come
into this room with many spikes on the
walls VAR er 77 says long time no tip
enjoy your magic genius alright just
gonna get one one more dude rich one
more dude to get
and so then is your plan to boarding
party the shields and then you can just
take it out at your own pace sure
because there's no one there to fight
you the one gun I'm gonna let these guys
level up the fight skulls yeah the one
guy left on the rebel flagship is
literally trapped in a weapon room and
that weapon is their only weapon left
and they're not powerful enough to take
down your shields so there's no one to
fight you that's great rich that's great
rich you're lucky you lost that mantis
early on the crew limit is eight so you
wouldn't be able to teleport enemy crew
aboard your ship who was it who died do
we know I don't know you died so we
could learn a valuable lesson wasn't
that done I forgot who was named that
Mario Mario Mario died everyone we live
that's true that's that's Mario Mario
I'm just gonna give you my hey fuck fuck
around with him no you can't be my board
no we I think we lost Danny ran in in a
prisoner exchange right you picked up a
different prisoner no story everything
but their oxygen room yeah oh sure if
you do it's Troy the accident I don't
want to kill him yeah
we're still gonna need to repair we're
still not doing great right but this is
this is a things are at least looking
positive at the moment yeah in before
rich accidentally kills the last guy
that'll be hard to do yeah like if if
rich had like a flak cannon maybe he
could misfire but right it's very
unlikely that he will accidentally kill
the last guy unless unless he somehow
accidentally like you have your you have
a combat drone so he could randomly hit
the axe again that would be that would
be the only thing but yeah with well
even then the ship's gonna just I'm
gonna blow this ship up before it would
have a chance to ride of oxygen anyway
sure sure
the best of the worst we watch some of
the many awful video game movie Super
Mario Brothers doom etc um I'm sure that
could happen I think we've talked about
a Mario Brothers episode before yeah
because it's that that one does need
something does it it does so it's so
weird just keep sitting there yeah yeah
man you did it congratulations right you
did it well it's not we're a long way
away from over but you got the first you
got the first version down you got me a
v1 down now if you could if you could
find a way to heal up whom in you've got
one that doesn't get overtaken before I
can get there Thanks no oh nice and
repair well shit dog you got the makings
you got the makings now Mauri Mauri
Mauri this is all because of you because
you died rich found the new Stratton
thank you again Mario Mario well Sarah
McLachlan to play out
that's what you do survive that's five
and get back to the mothership back to
base that's the thing epic Jason like
the the Super Mario Brothers movie is
bad in a very interesting way I'd say
it's it kind of makes sense as a movie
but it's bad in a very unique way learn
the lyrics Jack I will not hunchback
Jack I will not I refuse to learn lyrics
to a Sarah McLachlan song
yeah now you gotta get out of there
before too much damage is caused to you
I know nothing of Mia Blomkamp oh shit
that's that's a Mike and J question
after you just repaired yeah you're
still you're still alive still and
you're better off than you were before
yeah you're in the green now and you
were in the yellow before alright settle
down
make your plan update on your Rick and
Morty opinion I haven't watched anything
besides season 1 and I thought it was
kind of mad so I don't dislike it I
don't actively dislike it it just didn't
really speak to me uh it I didn't like
it enough to continue watching
yeah just man it was fine like it had
some funny moments and some of it was
alright I didn't much guy I didn't much
care for something you know thoughts on
the defenders I thought I was kind of me
I'm a half way through and it's alright
some decent fight scenes I'm happy just
to see some of the characters again it's
just nice to get you know a lot of it is
just kind of wonderful fanservice where
I just like Jessica Jones making fun of
Daredevils outfit that's funny
how's it going that I see that it is
going no shit
like the three shades of fucked yeah
kind of looking like that
no no spoilers
no spoilers for defenders just came out
oh fuck oh fuck yeah the second wave is
really rough with with the random random
super drones and if your if your guy
doesn't get that beam down soon you're
gonna be super super dupe oh there you
go okay you got the beam down that's
good Oh fine run that was a fine run
rich and you know what the whole goal of
that run was to unlock the the third
type of the ship and you did that
excellent run oh this also has a four
person teleporter neat ooh it's got
start stoppable of them nice alright so
I can sleep now if you feel like it that
was the one run
yeah that's pretty brutal yeah that it
was rich how long we going um why we
started a little before six so we've
been going about three hours what are we
in what do we do next that was a pretty
good run I kind of like that I know you
like going for okay we think done with
f2u I thought well that's what I was
saying yeah I was like unless you have a
strong feeling to play FTL more we've
been going three hours and 11 G I do not
want actually I have not I'm at I want
to say I'm at like 28 hours now with a
squad again do it okay fucking do it
okay
I'm so sorry for being a dick about the
n64 that was real
legitimately feel bad okay sure I I owe
you an apology I owe you a fun pub Jean
with a squad
place them in 64 I don't have the n64
with me but I will bring it I'll make
sure I have all the pieces and we'll do
some Diddy Kong so that's good oh give a
mouse that you're happy with I'll use
whatever I'll use whatever we got I
think this one this one is more like my
mouse alright so you might need to
rebind him oh yeah well you have this
like setup for weird well I got I
probably have it bound to different keys
than you have yours bound oh that's the
only weirdness that like like this one
is like a scape right yeah yeah that's
the only thing that's permanent the
escape button yeah yeah we'll figure it
out
we'll figure it out okay you find on the
pub G chat if you're if you are I should
log out why so you can get experience
for you
I don't I don't know if I'm gonna play
it again
pop G no agonised candle I said I didn't
think the PC had decent multiplayer
games as compared to the n64 games or
the amount or the ease of access there's
no there's a lot of difference in what I
was saying versus the PC had no games I
was making a broad statement about
availability
sorry now the dual to two-factor
authentication for logging in to steam
there are many factors to my statement
about the n64 and like Ultima Online
alone
that's start of the mmo's actually mmo's
and general lives they rose up during
the n64 era yeah what a world of
warcraft start I have no idea and what
did the n64 end mm you're asking me a
lot of questions I don't know dance -
well now I'm curious about world of
warcraft on 2005 alright so a few years
later for actual world of warcraft but
that wasn't the first MMO like I said
Ultima Online that was the big one back
in the day where the Warcraft 2004 was
world of warcraft nintendo 64 64 came
out 96 96 yeah okay
96 back in the day
hey there all righty
boom b-b-boom take a quick Reisman break
I'm gonna get I'm gonna get set up for
pub gee shucks foxes

[Part II]
hey then why would you say all the
things why would you say any of those
things
alright this is gonna happen and we'll
come over here and we will say Game
Capture properties up G boom and then we
need our little yeah that's fine you
know it's fine you know what it's fine
why indeed Jack why indeed kill them all
yep that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna be killing them all all right and
take our mouse over here let's get some
rebinding action got my Chuck all right
so we're gonna we're gonna do some oh no
no no does this have like a dpi switcher
there we go get out okay Madri binding
action okay sensitivity all the way up
good good sprint is that
No why aren't you working
hold on pink pink a pink you got to
start working now Sprint is our great
spacebar roan is that act
is that I'd free look to be that getting
there
hold on some mouse button okay great
great great how's everyone doing I'm
actually kind of here now and you know I
wasn't when I was playing FTL I was kind
of in FTL yeah yeah did I beat the most
mothership No
well you came daren't you beat the the
first you beat the first level of the
mothership that good which you secretly
love this game no I wanted to it sounded
intriguing mm-hmm but I just I don't go
together well with multiplayer shooters
right and that's fine that's fine you
did come in optimistic though I do
remember that you you seemed excited to
play this and then and then you play I
enjoy but okay well I I think I played
with you guys last time at potox and I
want buzz I think we're gonna go we're
gonna just go into it here yeah fine
pipes I don't know if pipes is playing
that's a cool look look at that I have
to look at HEPA docks on it Oh someone
someone messaged me on Steam on who did
pipes exiled himself for deserting his
team he was on his all knew he was on a
whole different wavelength he was on a
whole different wavelength all right
come on how what let's go let's get in
on it boom we need one more we need one
more who else is playing God Fatih you
around
turd Ferguson can we do teams of three
probably what for I think we want at
least four epic doc says I'm cosplaying
those Russians from Mad Max fury road
they're Russians look at the spike guys
people had the spike cars oh sure sure
okay that's good I'm just saying look
that's a cool outfit that's neat that's
neat
one more person to join Chuck's team
friends or the prereqs team group well I
got my all my Steam friends here but
they're all everyone's offline there's
only two online so we just need one more
person well unless we'll just go in with
three and say fucking you only have two
I only have two friends on my now
certainly somebody else wants to play in
a team with you on this game they're not
on and they're Jack's friend they're not
on dr. smoke trees wants you to invite
them it says you're offline dr. smoke
trees it says you're offline it says you
are off line are you in offline mode dr.
smoke trees get yourself online and you
come and join us if you are Jack's
friend and want to play this game with
Jack they're on stream today he's right
up go start up your copy of pub gene and
make sure you're not an offline mode
yeah then let's go all right let me hit
refresh refresh all right you know what
sometimes you just gotta hit the refresh
button doctor Smoketree boom now we got
it now we got our squad let's fucking do
it everybody let's go let's go who's got
my six cuz you know I ain't got it you
know I ain't got shit begins crocodile
brain says hey guys what are your
thoughts on sonic mania I've heard from
reviewers I trust that it's genuinely
good also please wish my pub my pub
bugling good luck tomorrow for his
neutering good luck with pub G oh well
pop Bob Bob Bob Eglin Wow on the brain
Bob Bob bog
Lyn are you gonna do are you gonna be
okay no I'm not I'm not gonna be okay
I'm gonna die Oh
we're talking about earlier mortalities
there's nothing I can do about it no no
there's nothing and there's nothing you
should do about it you know like death
death is part of life like I was saying
death is the part of life that makes
life worth living every day you got you
gotta have some fun everybody let them
upload my consciousness into a immortal
machine but then as it is you got hey
thanks so morning fair enough fair
enough
Jackson the custom server options
they're putting into pub gee I've heard
there are first-person only there are
there are first-person only actually
I've played on a couple first person
only Oh is shit that's right it won't be
you rich is it me from moment to moment
hey guys can you hear me ok great I
apparently have just talked on all the
time so you're gonna hear the stream
through through us that's fine ok you
the same you you were seven eight years
ago that's the important question okay
let's head to the bridge three two one
go
update stream title and Chetty oh it's
true let's head to the bridge
we're not going to make it maybe we're
gonna make it
here we go here we go all right let's go
to that like mechanic shop that's right
at the fork in the road that's where I'm
gonna land I don't know if you guys are
going to make it that far
okay here we go here we go see if
anybody's in here
spider-man 67 says long you waited 10
the sound up so you can hear your
teammates I'm trying to sound up okay
spider-man 67 says long time lurker
first time donator just curious you guys
be taking a look at dusk oh my god
reviving reviving this third grade I
killed someone already someone else
threw a grenade who threw a grenade well
probably okay we got one up as far as
dusk I know very little about it I'm
getting you I'm getting you maybe we'll
take a look at it okay zepa doc epitaxy
is dead well where the hell were you we
had a whole battle over here we had a
whole battle I got a gun we killed
someone I have but we're doing great by
the way this is I'm doing way better
than my last dream so congratulations
we're on it oh thank you you probably
use them all right which way which way
are we head we're gonna head to the
other houses now okay didn't they have
teammates we killed two of them you
killed two all right that a pike yeah Oh
yep attacks is done
I think I'm a my the only one with a gun
go to this building oh I might have
accidentally shot you while I was
shooting the other person but you didn't
die so it's okay crazy Nate 999 says hey
Jack and rich hi crazy do you think
adding an alien style motion tracker to
pub G would improve gameplay give it a
sensitivity threshold so it only shows
other players blips when they are
walking or running I thought the people
who loved this game that hold tension is
part of it for them absolutely you know
if if we were going to implement our
bean idea do you remember everyone gets
a can of beans yeah we would need that
too to offset oh there's a handgun up on
the second floor here and some bullets
we would need the you have two handguns
drop one you Elway that's in Florida man
that's on the floor
I need the nine-millimeter there we go
all right well so is the person who
picks up that other guy well no the
other one has a 45 is 45 it's fine
everything's fine rich everything's fine
so if we were to implement our beam plan
then we would need a motion tracker so
you could find the other people with the
beans okay okay
that's how I would do pub G beam all
right where we're going where's
everybody going where's our - where's -
the team pub beans pub beans you're
gonna the lighthouse Oh
Andrew and the chat beans of during
another pub G stream I I had come up
with a alternative to the circle I don't
know that's a great alternative it
wasn't fully thought-out but it's just
like a brainstorming thing that happened
during the stream yeah okay southwest
we're gonna check out that house do we
have the team we got the team all right
yeah and so every player starts with a
can of beans and you need to eat a can
of beans every two minutes and the only
way to get beans is to kill other people
and that would force you into conflicts
but then you would need a an alien style
tracker system so you could find the
other players maybe maybe
it's 47 cents what's the worst game you
guys have ever streamed what was that
what was that vampire the masquerade one
two three grenades oh yeah that was
pretty dull shit should be going up
together
someone did go someone went in and up
already I'm trying to get their back are
you up is anyone upstairs yeah
is there anyone else
they threw grenades and ran oh you were
throwing grenades oh I thought they were
throwing grenades you you got you gotta
you gotta let me let us know the plan
before you do it or else we're gonna get
I'm gonna get freaked out I'm already
freaked out all right this place is
empty we gotta move excuse me nobody has
anything better than a pistol that's
what we got right now we got pistols
yeah yeah we're kind of fucked West it
is six checking it checking it three
checking it yeah we're following we're
following ghosts so we either got to
catch up to them and steal their shit or
pick a new direction well they'll be
having the arms they're stealing their
shit won't be so easy nope nope it won't
be you have to find things they didn't
need and left behind yeah what is this
gun I want this girl
okay okay thank you thank you
everything's fine no everything's fine
northeast
all right North East it is gay police is
on Twitter column of Canada recently
posted a trailer for a 1996 movie called
vibrations vibrations washed at a
friend's house last night it was fucking
hilarious ly bad Oh ever see it no I've
never seen it but we've done Colin
suggestions on best of the worst before
so it's always possibility oh yeah he's
had some fun ones he's had some fun ones
fucking gymkata he said he deluded now
the doors open there's other people here
I'm just scoping jackass scoping out the
Reg see the helmet let's check out up
here
gunfire nourish
yes um hello Oh got some ammo here I'm
gonna are you got it all right no I
didn't take one
yeah we need a lot there's a lot we
could we could use here I which which
way is the shit ran this way we're
heading west up north
great great we're doing great guys
six is is watched listen that's all I
can do is watch sixes and shoot people
who don't have guns that's that's all I
can do huh they had a grenade they did
have grenades gosh dangit
anything good over here in these little
shacks now oh wait
smoke I got a smoke grenade that's about
the best I got going for me I didn't
know we had one who's Sam Harris kind of
atheist philosopher
so what's the plan who's the boss here
either boss EEP ox you're the boss right
I think we've been following you okay
well let's go see why don't we go see
what's happening in that compound I'm
sure it's been looted but maybe there's
something in there for us I'll wait
there yeah so if we can if we can get
some stuff that could be a nice
stronghold for us but I'm sure it it's a
stronghold for someone else yeah that's
why you're gonna die well then it'll be
funny
I'll wait a car a car would know they're
driving they're driving away let's head
to the shack yeah let's head to the the
barn first or the shack or whatever it
is whatever it is not not the house the
shack doctor smoke trees a complex there
there's a there's a smoke trees is that
the plan that's the plan okay
none of the numbers at the top those are
all useful oh yeah all right anything
good in the shack
motherfucker pistol squad the pistol
squad aka pistol whippers this'll force
there under armed and ready to rock and
roll
whoo all right let's check out this
house house directly to the south here
yeah
yeah what someone else good first jacket
good call well he seemed to have a he
seemed to have a perp you lose it I have
a shotgun oh there's a backpack up here
on the second floor already oh that's
the room where Hannah oh there's a wait
the submachine gun there go back go back
go back go back
so machine yeah yeah right there hey
nice no bullets what's on the round no
45 anyone got 45 that was me that was me
sorry sorry sorry my bad oh my god so
many backpacks up here wait wait where
is everything and everyone I'm scared
and I'm alone what okay hey stuff cool
thanks second shotgun there's a there's
a shotgun up by Jack okay I'll give you
I'll give you all my bullets and you
give me the Uzi I want the Uzi who's got
it who's got who's that I'd much rather
have okay how long I'm coming I'm coming
to you rich I need you to tell Jack to
stop crouching forever why what's the
disadvantage to crouching what's the
disadvantage why should he
right I demand to know I think they
already did their exchange okay here's
the shotgun and bullets
oh thanks oh you're in the money yeah
great
load it huh you're not loaded oh shit my
reload button auto all right great
rock and roll check that check that
crate you have the kind of ammo you need
no back like a little - I'll take that
yeah if anyone comes across I could use
some 45 if you come across it but I have
plenty of night yeah
it's not necessary because I have the
the nine male so we'll just uh okay
great
hey we got some shit now great Rick it's
47 cents will you guys stream Friday
than 13th again when the new map comes
out yes probably yes it's a high
percentage chance that we won't and I'm
gonna check the map real quick see if
there's anything else near us we are
dead center we're doing great
I'd say yeah well let's let's wait and
see where the map shrinks find out find
a hill stake a claim on a hill
maybe the hill by the houses you would
snipe people to come here we don't have
any Snipes find you oh I think that I
can use it for my Uzi and then go nice
nice all right let's see where the map
shrinks we just got a couple more
minutes econds here
and then we'll just find another place
to go and keep keep looting
DK so there's hey rich ask Jack if it's
okay if we stream snipe Jack's group in
the next game son of a bitch you damn
stream snipers
where are they
oh I see and they just drove away so
that's what they want that's what they
want us to think you're right there
playing mind games shit we are doing
great here just kind of Center center
mass I hate being in this house though
should we go upstairs next door again
did that did that afford us more cover
okay
I'm forever a fan of hunkering down I'm
just closing the end yeah if we can get
to a roof oh we're made then just
closing the doors would be highly
suspicious at this point every other
door on the map is open you want to then
again you might hear car coming oh I see
him
they're coming into your house yep get
ready for a battle get downstairs
everyone else you want more everyone
upstairs either way
one guy's West wait there's cars nearby
they're outside
there's only one stairwell up I think
yeah
so as you let them try and get in the
house while you jump out the back and
steal their car but they're stupid at
this point yeah now we go we have we
have the advantage right now let them
come up that's getting small enough
there's no good point taking a car yeah
well shit never mind
nothing we're not doing anything and
we're not doing anything I don't know
what you guys are talking about
okay I got a plan
one guys is a are they down in this
building
I hit him voices were they out in the
barn thing
oh shit nice
what everyone agreed to live and let
live and just see what happened yeah
that would be a beautiful place we'd
live in I think
keep an eye on it and shoot anybody who
goes to get it where's it at I'm the
number dial here dr. smoke tree has left
the group dr. smoke trees is dead
cover cover them
that's not one of yours thank you
I got one I thought that was dr. smoke
trees and I was trying to help him one
of your people are down shit all right
hold on all three don't I don't care
about that at the moment Hey
we should go back to the house okay hold
on give me a second cover me I'm taking
some pain pain killers who's alive just
you and me
Muni box all right ready back inside
hike that's not gonna be good for much
longer you probably know the circle is
closing now actually we have to head
this way get the Jeep the service
closing get the Jeep okay
I'm right behind you
shit
okay I'm here
that's something we're doing it we're
doing it doing great doing great up okay
pretty close
right behind it
nice
I'm with you I'm with you do you need a
bandage or anything okay keep your eyes
peeled by the windows you'll probably
hear people coming in Jack you have a
scope don't you grab that no I have a
red I have a red dot sight that's the
holographic sight that's the best I can
give you yeah and the guy I killed up on
the hill had a lot of stuff but I just
kind of grabbed and dashed okay mo for
your other gun no I don't we're not
we're in a close combat situation I'm
happy with my easy at this moment as
long as the person is crawling on the
floor or doesn't have a gun I'm doing
great I'm gonna get on the other side of
this stairwell here and kind of get a
crossfire gun you'll get caught up in
though you crouch down behind the show
well well I want to stay laying down so
people can't see me outside
where's that coming from
what is that are they shooting at us
great
oh good hi guys I mean nobody's over
here never mind
jacket your gun out thank you
that would have been worrisome I don't
know how it got put away no we're not
we're out in the grass get your shit
together
no no I'm behind the rock these trees
are good enough cover for all eight of
us yeah you want to be careful about the
crossfire Epic's is right in your sights
yeah I mean you're not wrong circle I
see you're gonna have to do something
I'm sorry we got a home we got a whole
minute before we got to do something
okay see see that rock at 195 like
directly south of us I think we go to
there because that gives us a little bit
of cover okay
okay where do you think those people are
okay
well we're close enough don't panic if
they didn't hit you don't pat it no no
just just I'm just here
you're outside the circle you're outside
the circle I see you get back to the
other rock no it's alright I was hoping
to draw em out and oh so close we did
great job great job
oh wait no a box is still alive Pepa
docks spectate come on a production can
do it
I don't know if they can hear you now
what I wouldn't risk it they probably
can't or Ken I don't know I don't know
anything okay
ox is the big winner and technically our
team won yeah Jesus Christ what the fuck
this is do we have having a winner
winner chicken dinner on our stream ah
I killed two whole people I got two
people it's true one of those people
weren't armed and the other one I
actually tried to help first and only
kill them after you told me it wasn't a
teammate but hey great job team great
job we did it it's up to you that's a
fine place to end tonight what time do
we start it's probably been about four
hours but maybe we can do one more fine
that's fine you guys down for one more
team well your ceiling here so I'm gonna
assume that means yes and we're just shy
of four hours so we'll do one more go a
little bit over all right let's go let's
go again let's just good job epitaxy
epitaxy the MVP MVP doctor smoke trees I
mean less good but you are the whole
team won the whole team won and how what
you were there too we all did
now that was great that was a great run
that was a know that was good tension
that was that was good yeah play you're
scrambling for items made shit items the
whole time that was great Jack doesn't
even stand up anymore I can't I'm too
weak to stand up
where's anybody where is everybody oh
there
yes everyone who was on the team counts
who've we got I didn't catch everybody
steam named it's why didn't say in the
other one we have dr. smoke trees we
have epitaxy we have a ha what ha what
ok and how what you - ha what you might
have been confused cuz I said ha what
you - and like that's just you might
have thought that I forgot the name but
the name is how what or maybe you were
just doing some like hippie and go ha
what oh yeah that's just super hip lingo
absolutely that's what all the kids are
doing
Oh lightning guys this map is spooky
not yet
that sounds like a great idea where is
it it's right at the tip of the the bird
right now
okay ready three two one nope now dive
dive dive dive
Molde Darth Blart copses hey rich have
you played shadow tactics if you've
played commandos it's a modern version
of that and if you haven't it's like a
mix of thief and XCOM sounds from the
ural yeah well I haven't played it yet
yeah I think we're talking about that
yeah I might have to go full punch
got the gun pick up the gun
pick up the gun love the gun and shoot
him love the gun and shoot him she's
rich shit
running away me my bets shit shit
house
that dead crap do you have any shit on
you know punch punch
like shit I guess you can't punch
here we go can you punch I nope
yeah I don't know how to drop my weapon
oh yes I understand I'll be honest with
you I've never been
yeah well that was a clusterfuck hurry
up
I got okay
all right let's see if we can find some
weapons now it's not often that you have
to drop weapons switching to it doesn't
eventually switch to fist no you would
think that's what I kept trying here we
go here's something that was here we go
all right well I got something now
stylish gloves I don't necessarily want
stylish gloves now we're pretty close to
the edge so we're good we can take a
take a moment lit properly is there
stuff like in the shooting range I'm
just gonna take a quick a quick jaunt
Jack and use something else oh shit I
got a first aid kit how what what's your
health like oh shit yeah
was there a gun oh there was a gun yeah
you pick it up it's on your back I
didn't even realize Jack's got a star l
okay shit nice the chat get into the
beans Jack get in the beans I hold on
let me get home what let me I think you
have less health than I do so I'm gonna
give you this med kit where are you
right behind you you can use it yeah but
I think here's less yeah hi there you go
that's very noble of you Jack listen I
know who the talent is on the team and
it's not me oh shit
oh and yeah now we got guns for days all
right well you know let's um let's look
through this shooting field and just
kind of head towards the circle because
it's about to close in on us
she let someone know you just dropped
something else someone else could use
some guns oh sure anyone need any guns
is everyone good on weapons we got a
vector on the ground
I think everybody's good all right okay
all right great let's see if there's
anything in this field medical supplies
being top priority and health per second
so you die so quick in this game anyway
doesn't matter that much well you're
gonna run away for the circle I know I
know but the Omaima there's stuff in
here this is where I found all that shit
and on the barrels fuck all right circle
yeah circle circle oh look they're
already gone already
wait for me team I'm coming and we're
pretty close do you see like we're we're
super close to the circle I'm not I'm
not too worried doctor smokes got my six
thanks dr. smoke don't stay too far
apart easy to get messy
all right
looks clear
all right great all right next next
order business is just finding the
nearest house Shack whatever it looks
like at about 150 southeast there's a
there's a Shack or something it's not
150 maybe we're gonna wait we're going
we're going here yeah
yeah
yes and stay on the lookout for people
running in the circle
they know
I'm gonna trap
say that again you said going over to
that rocket ok
yeah it looks pretty clear nice oh shit
don't fall down the rocks that seems
suspicious be careful
somebody could be closing doors we might
have a Cameron Mitchell situation on our
hands that's the place oh you need that
and a half oh nice nice we are at full
health again alright let's let's let's
tear this house up yeah close the
fucking door guys I know I'm so sorry
epitaxy I mean to be fair you won yeah
single-handedly last round so really
you're just giving us a chance to play
which we appreciate all right let's head
over to that other house
close the fucking door good get him a
chatty Peter boo boom
the ostrich says Jack yeah it's still
your victory hey we won as a team you
want the whole game without murdering
any of your team and then without a
doubt contributed to the victory I'd yes
absolutely
was that radio chatter sorry about that
quiet don't tell me there's a level one
police mess over here if anyone needs it
alright well this is looking good
why don't we um why don't we hang here
and wait for the circle to close and see
where we got to run to next
oh okay well how about we head to this
house over here I just marked the place
on the map okay
what are these tips come from how do I
do two of us want to get in a dune buggy
that's the question today is the 20th
right good effort acts quiet
how are you reading I'm brain dad I was
playing you're playing I was playing FTL
us of course I didn't see these tips
come in right turn said since we missed
a couple all right listen we're getting
in the dune buggy yeah I need someone
someone to be my gunner doctor smoke
trees happen hop in the gunner seat how
what you got to follow Mad Max style
tired said here's what I'm seeing from
you oh you only have two people in a car
huh the dune buggy only has two people
Oh
all right we're gonna scout ahead and
we'll meet you at the marker I want Mad
Max clear house clear the house rich
you're not helping which has more
obnoxious fanservice from the original
film force awakens our deadliest prey
deadliest prey yeah deadliest prey is
nothing but fanservice
let's print outside a mask where
oh shit sorry I thought we were at the
house sorry home what what's wrong I I
went to the wrong place oh that was my
bad home what we are coming we are on
our way
I tipped over the dune buggy and I got
confused and scared but we're on our way
now okay all right to the marker to the
window to the wall
we're inside the zone so we got some
breathing room here see if there's
anything in here
okay Frisco Jones is rich and Jack
friend of mine named Greg turns 26 today
mind giving him a birthday shout-out
happy birthday Greg 26 now you did it
Greg you didn't die for another year
whoo Greg you know everybody wants to be
25 that's like the age yeah the
preferred age okay so it's nothing but
downhill from here Greg it's true let
that soak in
have you seen any movement over here how
up all right let's bust it oh nice
I want there's some medical supplies in
here for you
oh we're getting shotgun shotgun shotgun
and a level 2 helmet does anybody need
does anybody need a helmet yeah there's
one on the second floor close five five
six here I can I might be able to spare
some because I have yeah here's some
five five six because I have I have
other ones no problem okay so plan
do we have one what's going on here J
fresh juices Jack are you changing your
recommendation for pub G you seem to be
enjoying it way more than when you guys
first played it also rich what city do
you think the next GTA should take place
in um why don't you take care of GTA
question first oh nice just cuz I know
what it is and if you need to see things
I'm familiar with fucker
alright let's head said they probably
won't sense
watchdogs flopped yeah we got him we
anima wrong we got a rock and roll oh
the dune buggy is malfunctioned it was a
different it was a it wasn't me
Thank You helmet alright another what
oh yeah yeah how what needs a helmet
alright I'll keep a lookout you go get a
helmet know if you remember what my
recommendation was in the official
review was that I really liked this game
I just can come I just can't recommend
it to anyone else because there's a ton
of bullshit
my recommendation was it's fun and a
group and we're in a group right now
right I'm just not much of a social
gamer
all right you guys ready I placed a
marker around the map a green marker
that's where we're going see if we run
into any cars on the way there that
would be nice if not we hole fit pretty
good 27 alive yeah yeah we're doing more
we're doing pretty alright how far you
gotta go pretty far we have we have a
ways do you see where the running man is
in the middle oh yeah we got we'll make
it I'm just hoping we run into like a
car or a jeep or something over here so
no like I really enjoy it but my
bullshit tolerance meter is pretty well
established and so I could just see a
lot of people starting to play this game
and getting incredibly frustrated over
and over again so I couldn't recommend
it to anyone else for me I'd like it and
group plays where it's at so announces
rich are you going to myth con with
armored skeptic if you do not know what
I'm talking about
here's a link for context oh yeah that's
right they wanted me to ask you I'm
unfamiliar with myth con but I I've seen
some of those videos but I don't know
armored skeptic well I think he's like
he's giving a presentation I don't I
don't think I don't think he's inviting
you to like hang out with him I think I
know like literally nothing about it
Muskaan is happening in Milwaukee I
think it's at the pear
okay let's head to that tree directly to
the south of us
yeah I know he reviews movies he used to
do like religious kind of debating and
he's kind of moved into politics and I
I'm less into that
sure oh shit here's the blue line all
right we got a head into the building on
the other side just run run run fuck
fuck
you'll be all right yeah we're gonna
make it we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it I hang out here for
a second
no motherfucker all right guys new
strategy we got to run new new new
strategy are they in the house were they
at where they at check the windows check
the windows relax relax
do you find a grenade no it's just you
it took me a while to realize that when
you said grenade human that's there was
a grenade because like I heard the clink
and then you said grenade I was like
yeah rich just asked if I had a grenade
i haved of course don't have a grenade
and then it blew up oh well hmm well hey
guys thanks for playing with me I think
we're gonna call that but that was great
yeah what a weird chicken dinner if we
didn't you know that's a great way to
start the day I know he said grenade but
it was right after rich asked me if I
had a grenade and so then he said
grenade all right and leave scene bye
guys and so then then episode grenade
and I was like yeah rich just asked me
if I had a grenade Doug that's all right
that's what I was thinking that's what
was going through my head I want to let
you know that's what was going through
my head yeah I've tried the first person
shooter service but the problem with the
first person shooter servers is like it
was it was neat but I played it three
times in all three times someone was
directly behind me for a long time
and I didn't even realize because you
don't it you don't have that field of
view and so like they shot me
point-blank with a shotgun in my back
and I was like well they're fucking
behind me on the whole time so I liked
it but pro tip from someone with
military experience grenade means
incoming thanks twitch devil
I am Ellison this is why I should never
join the military if a draft got
instigated yeah I would show them this
footage of me and I would say do you
want me on the front lines and they'd
say no you can be a janitor or a cook
you did not do terrible no I chicken
chicken chicken winner winner chicken
dinner man yeah yeah doing pretty good
jack two people except at the very end I
didn't know why you're running out in
the middle of the field I had a pun in
okay and my plan was to draw them out
that's not gonna draw them out though
that's just gonna make them shoot you
but because they shot at me epidote see
okay okay my my hope was that I could
see them and shoot them too but it
didn't work out I sacrificed myself I
could be the driver listen I could be
the cook you get I'll be a cook how
about that if there's if there's if
there's a draft I'll be the cook you
don't want me on the front line Jack has
many skills combat is not one of them
that's exactly right grass Baker
that's exactly exactly right Jeff Rick's
je fresca to says hey guys thoughts on
dave bautista being cast as the eternal
warrior and valiant eternal warrior
movie I'm very worried because all
valiant films are going to be produced
by Sony oh we've got a Sony trying to
turn valiant into a cinematic universe
valiums Oh best luck Tom I got nothing
against Matisse today's great and
guardians of the galaxy yeah he seems
like he seems like a genuine dude I
don't know anything about eternal
warrior I hope I mean Sony does not have
the greatest track record so as a fan of
valiant I hope it does well so that I
could see maybe an archer and Armstrong
yeah movie which I think would be
fantastic that would be a really
fantastic
I hope they don't do a harbinger because
harbinger needs to be a TV show that's
the long that's the slow burn melodrama
but hey those in 1984 says late to the
stream was at the Horseshoe you know
what a decent chunk of change does
anyone on Earl M gamble or has in the
past thanks and you're always
entertaining Jack and rich I'm gonna
casino a couple times enjoy it I've been
to the casino a couple times and I
always hate it yeah even even if I come
back like I've never like won a giant
pot of money yeah and even if I come
back ahead I just feel stupid it's like
hey great food at the Potawatomi I've
never been a Potawatomi oh no Ivan once
I've gambled here and there like I went
I once I've been to Vegas a few times
and I've gambled here and there and I
always feel dumb gambling is the
stupidest thing I would love to join not
not like you know the World Series of
Poker but just a smaller poker
tournament sure fun sure I think I think
Potawatomi has them every now and then
it's like a hundred bucks to get in yeah
that would be fun I would enjoy doing
that I could see you being very good at
poker we'll see so good I can Bluff in
person okay oh my god I mean I mean oh
those cards were adequate and I I want
20,000 my first Vegas trip and I've been
addicted ever since I could see that but
like
I guess it's just never to me I would
even the time spent I would rather spend
doing something else where I know that's
a lot of people a lot of kids say yeah
you know what I take a hundred bucks and
I get four hours at the casino and now
that's that's you know hundred bucks for
four hours of entertainment it's like I
could we could go see a movie and like
two movies for way cheaper so is
different it's spectacle yeah I I'm not
if there were less smoke I would
absolutely love it
okay I know Potawatomi still love
smoking inside this it's awful but uh no
I'm not a big fan of gambling all right
now is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Stupak illan I went once none
of my birthday oh I didn't know you had
any more gambling stories I'm sorry I
got I got one more I got one more story
and then I got another tip shit well
hold this 2pacalypse hold on hold on Stu
pocalypse hold on hold on what my
birthday once I won like $400 yeah and
then at some point I don't know where it
happened because these thieves are very
wily yeah somebody must pick my pocket
or something real I only walked out with
a hundred ahead I'm still ahead ahead
but I was 400 ahead Jack I'm most about
a damn fine pickpocket I don't know you
you have to assume like they they work
yeah she knows all right and then they
just keep an eye out for anyone who
Shevin bills somewhere and a little bump
and little bump and grants a fucking
vanished yep I would absolutely believe
that up 400 the siren I'm sorry all
right that's my that's my casino tail no
sense just watch space cop loved it
thanks for the laughs they are needed
you're welcome I know I am caught up
okay
don't know if you remember but you guys
helped me get out of a boring
conversation with a girl by saying there
was an ostrich outside any suggestions
before you go it's happening again
oh Jesus Christ there's an ostrich being
attacked by an how do you meet all
boring people why are you still talking
here's what you do
so um start doing this start rubbing the
back of your neck yeah and just like
they have a confused look on your face
and you go you know I think I gotta get
this mold checked out I gotta go ah are
they supposed to be happy I gotta go
don't you don't touch it it might be
contagious
all right so Stupak lips who who says
thank you for all the laughter you're
welcome Stu pocalypse Walpole's judge
mortis Sean for twenty three fucking
months in a row Sean says FTL is always
fun to watch thank you for all the
entertainment you give me dulcet tones
of rich Evans Artic is Rex says oh my
fuck I almost forgot to resub thanks for
remember how you Texas panhandler says
you guys are a lot of fun thanks for the
stream purple space bazooka for 31
fucking months in a row says howdy you
magnificent hack frauds 31 months and
I'm glad to be along for the ride thank
you for all you do always forward
forward always twirling twirling into
the future how's it go always forward
never backwards upwards not downwards
downward and twirling twirling towards
the future always forward forward always
is a Luke Cage chrono clone yellow is a
flavor hits be crits Punk in Shu says
three or four nineteen months in a row
says 3gk twenty-three
mega PHA says Studio Highland is puppet
paradise
rebel base says I'm anxiously anxiously
waiting for the Twin Peaks reunion
discussion stream see that would begin
at the wait for change
I don't watch Twin Peaks but that would
be a perfect
Karen opportunity well it will get Jay
and Josh here I'll binge-watch it and
we'll just spend all night talking about
Twin Peaks and Carole animal crossing
away handle it'll be great hey you're OG
dooms dreams have made me go back and
play the old pc games from my childhood
descent quake and mech warrior love you
streams thanks to the good times
welcome badly drawn Bob magic one Tiger
cam boozled brown Adam Sandler I hope
that's not racist I don't know this is
eight months this baby is almost ready
to pop out if I remember correctly Brown
Adam Sandler is of Indian descent okay
and and looks like Adam Sam we've had a
conversation with him via chat before
Jay s babbler coax Jack says oh my it's
incredible lol sure on my heart oh
that's a pop song you don't want to hear
gentlemen bears says well once again my
friend we find that science is a
two-headed beast one head is nice it
gives us aspirin and other modern
conveniences but the other head of
science is a bad is bad I'll be where
the other head of science Arthur it
bites that's a thick quote I remember
that damn Tesla snuke seven says when's
the next pub G squad stream
we want more friendly fire hijinks I
learned my lessons of life from last one
killer 1633 says hey Richard Jack what
your thoughts were on the news that zack
snyder version of justice league was so
bad the studio executives at WB are a
lot our allowing joss whedon to change
everything in reshoots keep up the great
work
III would be like not shocked at all
actually the shocking thing in there the
shocking thing yeah is that Warner
Brothers came to their senses and let
Josh Whedon redo whatever he wants right
that's the shocking aspect of this story
right like he came in there and he you
know he's like oh yeah hey I'm really
happy to do these reshoots thanks for
letting me have my back or a movie I was
looking at the script do you have the
real script because this one is
obviously a joke or a cobbled together
mess and they were like they just
started breaking down and crying and
then they they took their checkbook and
they said Joss Whedon blank check please
make it a good movie just know I didn't
hate it it wasn't great
age of Ultron it wasn't great there's a
good movies yeah did it make a shit ton
of money that's true that's true well
but not as much as they were expecting
remember oh god okay did you see the
news Wonder Woman
just made a whole bunch of money and is
now not adjusted for inflation but is
now the most the highest-grossing
superhero origin movie
just beating out the Sam Raimi
spider-man but adjusted for inflation
you've got adjusted for inflation right
yuki-onna Zack Taylor Prez this time
it's lupus for 22 fucking months and her
rope says I don't feel great about you
putting hack bot and
position where he learns to kill it's
your future robot apocalypse I'll sign
that Accord speaking of Elon Musk
you see his big his big thing him and
other tech leaders around the world are
trying to get some sort of UN resolution
passed to ban the use of artificial
intelligence killing robots which by the
way seems like the biggest no-brainer
like yeah we don't want robots to kill
without a human controlling them that
seems silly Don Isaac Asimov had that
one figured out like 50 years ago like
before robots were invented Don Buckwald
says the dulcet tones of FTL just what I
need as the weekend winds down happy to
support you guys
TC 209 says dear another other guy and
other other other guy you've inspired me
to try my hand at filmmaking stay tuned
for the read veg of courage the Lisa
sparks story love TC 209 that's a porno
Joe I get it crooked spy roll says
thanks for eight months of Awesome
streams any plans to stream the new XCOM
2 content coming out later this move I'm
sure get around to streaming it rich
enjoys XM it'll probably happen
ww 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 0 do you ever
think about people who have subscribed
for multiple months and suddenly
disappear yeah sometimes I figure they
just found other things to do or you
know it's like and not everyone can just
keep subscribing people's life situation
changes and so yeah you know I don't
feel like subscribing this month that's
fine yeah like we had some regulars who
I don't see around anymore but that
happens Jordana says 6 months of you
hack frogs and my movie dick buddies I
am winning at
life wasting congratulations if you're
having a good time it's not wasting
Captain James May for 12 months in a row
fleshy patch for 35 fucking months in a
row fleshy patch says crap on a cracker
machete bug chica moo-moo-moo master
says thanks for the hours of
infotainment and I'm faded of
edutainment it might be infotainment and
it's not edutainment
we're not educating anyone god no no
Jesus Christ if you're coming here for
edutainment you've clicked wrong whoa
Kimmy - ooh nice this first game I tried
because you guys FTL so I'm loving this
stream three months in and so many more
to go you hacks Thank You Hunchback
that's a future a longtime subscriber
who just disappear someday right
whatever happened to water feed MIDI
soon that's so weird
Hunchback Jack for twenty seven fucking
months in a row says 27 is 3 cubed and
there's a joke in there somewhere but
I'll leave it's the professionals still
loving every stream thanks for the fun
guys appreciate your hard work 3 cubed
the guy you want to talk to for the math
joke is David X Cohen from Futurama sure
sure you're barking up the wrong tree if
you want a math joke any cubed is ice
hard then you know cubed times three
times
where do we go this one
Scrooge McGrew Denso Washington Santos
Ally rasa for 18 months in a row ally
rasa says have you guys watched killjoys
fun to space bounty hunter adventures
you might also like worms to local
multiplayer was amazing
Holly Rosa says thanks for the always
needed if something oh there's look
Holly Rosa and Ollie underscore Rosa how
strange
that's interesting how very strange
that's a different thing yeah yeah are
there two ollie roses
there's no because they underscore what
are the coincidence somebody has cloned
themselves an ollie Rosanna I don't
recall which one is the original well
probably the one that has been 18 months
versus the one who's been 7 months
that's strange that's very strange
that's very strange
that's very strange make sure they
always needed FTL tutorial and for the
shirt no problem
MTL tutorial is I got I got owned at the
end you made it pretty far
I freaking swill bow Jagan's
no key hunter says only a bunch more
months so I get a fucking Amazon should
really let you Auto renew that would be
nice
at tini Zen selling on 437 motherfucking
months in a row Algar not says late to
stream tonight just in time to give you
some Amazon money thanks for another
month of entertainment Thank You Alan
grown up crabby uncle levy nice Mad Max
is going to be the new Leroy Jenkins
thanks for all the years of
entertainment keep up the good work
did I miss something when when I wrecked
my dune buggy
oh we were saying Mad Max and by the way
it would have been awesome like go off
the jump land and then you hit the
handbrake Ethan you hit the square the
spacebar hit the handbrake right
outside the house we would have rolled
up in the house but then it just started
to slowly barrel all who saw had coming
the Mad Max
dr. gunther hunter hanker for 21 fucking
months in a row says my favorite podcast
good night thank you
jackass the chat is saying yeah mediocre
it is better and rich what was I
supposed to do it's just fucking barrel
rolled this keyboard yeah oh no no no
you tomorrow we got two more bleach me
and twitch devil 23 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
