Sep 27, 2017
Heat Signature, XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/178116468
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/178121208
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/178357767
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNTZqZinP9w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UYZ8XLtrOc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kfh2QrzsrM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/913122565446565888

[Part I]
alright there's our summer sound yep
alright what's up turn down for what
what's up audio lives is this a bit some
words which which part great so the
these are these technical difficulties
is technically speaking those were
technical difficulties but they were
further greater good as rich and I
recently switched over to a new
streaming software that we are testing
out right now it's too loud no it's fine
that's never gonna be perfect - I don't
know we didn't recordings and they
didn't seem too loud actually we did
recordings and it seemed too soft yeah
this is a weird thing
so we fear change yes yeah we we've
we're testing out tonight X splits as
it's a different bit of streaming
software than what we've been using for
three years right and so we're going to
we're gonna see if it's working audio is
fine audio is good no one you know OBS
works for us obvious works you'll have
to tell me if the Oh My gods are too
loud because I actually we might need to
rework those rich is loud whatever not
loud right well good hey you figured it
out
oh my god that's perfect great well
fucking great welcome it well no add the
when I when I did my solo Lego sorting
stream on Sunday oh yeah you redid the
oh my god well I just had it everything
hooked up to my macbook like it always
has been but apparently in the Mac
version of OBS studio there's no way to
adjust the sound of those oh yeah huh
and so it was crazy loud oh yeah yeah
incredibly loud oh my god the original
recording and I tried several things to
fix that and nothing worked and so it
was just very very loud for people for
the entire three hours of sorting like
this so there you go good it was so loud
and I'm very very sorry about that but
there was nothing I could do
I actually just tried to in fact just
turn the whole thing off and it wouldn't
it just kept happening everything could
not stop it I could not stop it I'm
sorry
it's alright how the language sorting
stream go um I probably won't do it
again
yeah mostly because lo well well or
maybe it's like there's a lot of
technical problems like really it was
three hours I got a lot of Lego source
we talked about some nonsense and I
drank some beers so it was fine but my
audio setup wasn't great and so I was
kind of quiet the Oh My gods were really
loud yeah yeah
thank you it didn't work perfectly but
you know biscuit was there that's right
biscuit was there people loved biscuit
so it was me and well and like the other
thing I'll need to figure out is like
I'll need like a I need a chair because
I'm sitting on the floor while sorting
Legos for three hours you need a table I
need a table and I have a table in the
basement so I need a way to set
everything up on a table you you sound
like you're going to do this again
I have no immediate plans to do it
anytime soon but if it arises again I
want to do it better
so why doesn't the new version of twitch
not show current number of viewers
doesn't I don't refresh your page I
don't know yeah well let's see here's
the thing rich I put it to a vote
yeah and and I gave people three choices
cuz you know you had to work that night
so I'm doing a job on the stream so I
put it to Twitter it's a Jack solo
stream you get three choices you get
heat signature yeah a brand-new game you
get Pub G with the chest oh my god
I would I I did it I put it out that I
said yeah oh my god or you can watch me
sort my children's Legos and Legos one
and these bastards chose Lego sorting
and I'm fuckin like that it was over it
was ten percent over we're over a
thousand people voted 46 percent wanted
Lego sorting and only 30-some wanted pub
G as the next alright alright right so
here we have we're gonna play a little
heat signature tonight because a rich
likes the concept of it so let's hit
play and see if it automatically shows
up on xsplit
oh my god it does Hey
alright so what what is this game so
this game is a little bit amazing it is
I'm swimming you've played at something
I've plated something I have a few hours
in it's hotline Miami by way of FTL okay
so you have you can pit well you know
actually we can start and I think yeah
you can replay the tutorial
so it's hotline Miami by way of FTL
where at any point you can pause the
game and set up actions uh-huh and then
once you do the action a ton pauses but
you can pause again immediately and so
why don't we just have you play the
tutorial and and see how you like
epitaxy zyv voted legos as a joke and
then saw it was winning yeah Oh actually
rich why don't you head over to xsplit
there and just turn the game audio down
because it's probably it's probably
significantly Lou oh okay just one all
the way down
yeah like probably bears okay okay
he's very loud yep right I think that's
the same with a lot of elections not
just brexit some people might have made
some bad decisions but that's fine
that's fine you know why because we had
a decent time sorting Legos we talked
about some nonsense and that's all that
matters
okay
they expect the lines be like the
thrusts I expect to be going the other
way thank you well it's space and you
got you got momentum here you know
and there were zero spiders encountered
for my lego sorting stream I had my
little vacuum downstairs with me just in
case a spider popped them oh there's
brake yeah that would help me go that's
pretty good break
look yep whoa how do I talk I just hit
the oh is that car again um no you're
hitting this spaceship do you see the
the load there's a little arrow over
there I'll see you going over here yeah
thank you
it is interesting
I'll bet it's nice yep he's gonna click
the
items in this list to teleport them to
you
so down there teleport items on this
ship to you
right here no I'm yes where's the item
oh by the way so this is what to me
makes this game so interesting
okay is I think the premise is fantastic
but the user interface is possibly one
of the worst I've ever encountered so it
hit pause again the so the items are
underneath there like go go down go down
that that's the key yeah those are the
items
it's a non-lethal melee weapon
left-click face breaker to make it your
main attack so that's how you quip stuff
is you right or left I think they wanna
quit now that just equips it to
Lightfoot oh ok so then if you have two
weapons you know
my taste is good
it's
them too
pause a lot right okay so now you see
the bow the zoom is fantastic
oh yes yeah you need this room sorry I
should have told you about that oh they
just told you about that and so you if
you see that gun has a bit of a red so
that means you just use your gun so it
has a cool-down
but you can set up your face breaker to
to hit him with your datum with your
regular place
guards guard sound the alarm if they
hear a shot find a body or see you the
countdown hits zero you'll be captured
where's the countdown what does the
countdown
I don't know I'm post taking out the
captain cancels the countdown
there's no countdown this is just this
Safari
thank you
I actually we're watching this at a
big-screen TV and I want to make the
text larger it's not just you it has one
of the worst user interfaces you can't
increase the size of that text you can't
not that I know of
oh that's awful yes and there's a lot of
text and it's not laid out in any
particular particularly easy-to-read
fashion that's it's one of the biggest
problems with the game once you can get
over that and it takes a while to get
over that you can do some really cool
stuff all right how do I take the helm
oh you see it's a tiny little thing it
says E if you press the E
yeah I can't I can't even read that and
we're watching this sound like a huge TV
giant screen that's not very far away
from this yep it's kind of like a maybe
lower the resolution that's a fantastic
idea
oh sure thanks bad Milo nice idea rich
can't talk too much about Star Trek and
I blame myself well because I haven't
why am i shooting myself into space
this seems stupid that seems absolutely
stupid
sure does you like Star Trek discovery
without spoilers is everything I thought
it was going to be a a dour drama with a
focus on action over any substance and
with a main character you you just want
to see die a completely unlikable
utterly hopelessly unlikable main
character and her nzi stand she's like
100% the focus of everything it's
horrible
frenzy it's not on Netflix here in the
States
I have to pay six dollars a month for
CBS all access
no it wasn't social a social justice
warrior propaganda Star Trek has always
been diverse it's just a really fucking
really shitty unlikable main character
and there are no other crew members that
could focus not oh well there you go
so I'm not looking necessarily looking
forward to it I'm waiting for maybe
another episode to come out and I bet
they have some sort of free trial so
I'll at least watch the first like three
episodes and and then cancel my CBS all
access basically a imagine house if if
house weren't interesting or funny a
wait but house is a horrible asshole if
the show wasn't interesting or funny I
probably wouldn't like it very much
that's that's how I feel about discovery
also yeah it's the absolute blandest
version blandest
blandest version of the Klingons we've
ever seen that's too bad
okay I'm very sorry they take war of the
chosen to the next level on earth and
fighting and honor I fight with all my
reasons for doing things yes we felt
sure honor culture honor culture fight
fight Your Honor culture rich
even blender than TOS gos Klingons were
were mustache twirling villains they
were they were they were devious
deceitful
they were just generic villains like the
Klingons you know are nothing like the
tos Klingons the Klingons have changed a
lot and this is just another change it's
just it's not a change for the better
exchanged for the blender yeah okay all
right well yeah I'm sorry we can't get
into more into it I will watch it and
rich and I will have a more in-depth
conversation but I didn't get around to
it I'm sorry I had to I was busy
watching other things because I recently
filmed the thing yeah no I like flying
through space okay so I was busy
watching a couple other things that I
needed to walk I'm gonna around see if I
can get them text bigger oh sure via
graphics
no resolution wait
changing the resolution is not an option
it's just not an option
what well look at that is there a main
menu that the game started in that we
skipped no no it goes right into the
game when you started and you can't
change the resolution and the text is
hopelessly small ah god that's horrible
a really bad user interface rich a
really very bad user interface change
the OS resolution then for a game that's
really annoying and here here's what I'm
here's what I'll say not my fuck with
the screen I don't want to do that that
could fuck with the stream and also once
you get once you know the controls it's
really less of an issue but UI is hard
to do I know you I is hard to do and I
think this game is made by literally one
person it's the same person who made
gunpoint yeah and so I think it's just a
one-person game and the game itself is
interesting and can be really exciting
if you can get over the utterly utterly
garbage user interface so alright why
aren't you guys playing the new cartoony
pub G cause it sounded good too rich
what does cartoony pub G well today
we'll talk about that right now
so click to remote control your table is
what that says rich the cursor so tiny
and now you get to catch yourself which
by the way so this whole game is all
about boarding people ships and then you
know stealing stuffer or completing a
task right and so a viable strategy can
be to fling yourself out the window so
you can catch yourself which is really
neat
okay so fort night Battle Royale
have you ever played a fortnight game a
game called fort night sounds familiar
it's it's a game and it's it's all about
like Bill you know like using resources
and Bill it's like a third-person
shooter and stuff they have a
free-to-play version that is fortnight
battle royale and in other words it is
exactly pub G but with fortnight up to
the fact that you are on a an island to
start with it's a hundred players they
drop you they drop you from a floating
thing go down to a city it has a
parachute thing it's exactly pub G look
exactly up G
but with Fort Worth Fort building
and so at any point like if you gather
enough resources you could build a
little wall to cover it okay okay I
played it a little bit it's also free to
play so that's like one pot I'll play
that a little bit yeah I got a couple
hours into it and it has some pros and
some cons one Pro that's also a common
there's no hiding in the grass which is
a con cuz you know hiding the grass is
kind of fun right the pro is you usually
know who kills you and how they killed
you right they simplify a few things
like instead of instead of like
memorizing the numbers for like what
bullets go with what guns they just have
three bullet sizes small bullet large
bullet and explosive round and so like
that's it
if you've got a handgun if you got a
small machine gun small bullet you got a
big machine gun big bullet if you have a
grenade launcher or missile launcher
explosive on boom that's it
hide the bush that's right my man bush
stress so it's pub G for dummies kind of
its kind of pub G for dummies except for
the collecting resources and building
forts aspect of it it actually takes the
whole born inside the white circle thing
to a whole new level because it also has
you know a shrinking map except for they
call it the eye of the storm not the
blue line of death but if you if you're
inside the eye of the storm you can
actually like to really hunker down
fortify like build a fort someplace like
really kind of make a little fortress
but I have no idea what I'm supposed to
do it oh you're supposed to retire how
do I retire like that oh okay so now you
choose your person and if you look on
the left here each person starts with a
different oh so you don't play as that
character the character was just
tutorial okay yeah and so your
characters are procedurally generated
and so like that that person has a sword
and a knockout gun a concussive gun
that's not a bad thing yeah yeah a
wrench knocks people out no gun no gun
keek loners are pretty nice though
shotgun long blade this looks
interesting it's a shame I am so deep
into War of the chosen which despite
despite my love-hate relationship with
the fatigue system I do like war of the
chosen okay I have two deaths this
current Robbie I'm sorry
Mojo's back no no that's good oh okay
two deaths is really good okay and I got
two of the chosen dead wait which one of
the chosen the lame villains that they
introduced okay the boss their boss
battles and ex-con - oh they got two of
them down I got two him down that's
great yeah yeah oh okay that's great
rich was actually playing XCOM when I
got in today but we had some work to do
we had a little bit of the room to clean
up we had to export to download all that
fun stuff so
if if this gets tiresome rich can just
play Marco I I think you should probably
play this for a bit
my head is not here right now okay I can
see the I could see where this would be
really interesting well let's just have
you do one yeah that sounds fine how do
I go easy yeah so steal the a sterling
prototype and so like again horrible UI
right yeah I like that they just throw
this information at you in in such an in
elegant fashion like gar I mean that's
I'm assuming that that's the kind of
guards who are there those are the kind
what they're armed with right exactly
and then if you go to Mission details
like if you trigger the alarm
this needs to be in a box that says
mission details and the text needs to be
you know beatable right in the middle of
the screen
oh sure this can take up half the screen
right now yeah already the whole screen
you click on it it goes good good real
mission details yeah maybe we get a
little fun lower animation that's right
you're not so I'm not selling this game
because we're not playing it yeah wait
until you get into the actual level I
think this is what you need to play if
you have an idea what you're doing this
way I don't like playing games the first
time on stream oh okay sure well yeah if
you want especially if it's something a
little bit you know complicated you want
me to take over uh yeah actually I do
okay I do that's funny yeah take this oh
it doesn't do the game any favours it
doesn't do us any favors we have no idea
what we're doing and playing for the
first time oh yeah no I've been playing
for a while so I know what I'm doing
it's gotta get my you guys watch the
Orval I think rich would probably like
it more than discovery that is true I
still think the Orval is very flawed
very flawed it's got
it's got tone issues no that's a good
way to put it that's fine for some it
has seth macfarlane issues you could be
a comedy you can be a drama you could be
a blend of both but don't switch now
we're a comedy and then Boop now we're
dramatic right
I don't know oh it's like it's like when
they do a joke and it's like the only
joke you see in the episode though they
have two jokes in an episode and it's
like out of place it's like what well
and you know what all their jokes are
like pop culture you know 90s mm pop
culture reference which I get like
that's their audience these characters
would not be making 400 year old pop
culture references and only specifically
400 year old pop culture references
right not 300 year old pop culture
references to them or 200 year old
specifically they only reference the
21st century right and it's really weird
for them to do that it is every episode
they seem to reference something from
our you know last couple of decades and
it's it's really upsetting but like this
last episode was again pretty Star Trek
II like it was dealing with some bigger
theme oh it's alien it's more of a Star
Trek show than discovery
yeah yeah only I'm willing to give or
I'm willing to wait on Orville because
you know season one of TMG pretty bad
sure pretty bad
they took them a while to get their shit
together maybe the same thing here I
don't know
discovery ain't gonna do it you don't
think we'll see once we get to the
actual pilot episode and not the two
episode preamble to a pilot episode you
know that's the thing that gets me most
I'm giving I'm giving discovery two more
episodes at most okay but those first
two episodes oh my god I did not like
him very much
so and this and this is a brutal is a
brutal fistfight near the end of episode
2 and I'm that was a Star Trek how Star
Trek come to this brutal gory fistfight
with swords
you know I to be Kirk fought the Gorn
was it a bloody brutal fistfight but
television standards had certainly
changed
Star Trek ever really referenced
literature and things from after the
21st century well it's hard to do
because you know they actually don't
have a 22nd century to reference they
then make up names and things now and
then they do do that oh of course they
do like this poet wrote in young 20 2104
right this is this is our our clans most
famous poet but obviously it's vague
because they're just making shit up
right
and they'll usually throw it in with
like a reference to something we do know
like with you know Abraham Lincoln but
the Gettysburg Address or fritzman hoop
job at the at the oration at 5:00 that's
exactly what they do
god forbid Star Trek expand its
repertoire and try injecting something
new into the show what dumb actions
finally rich they finally interjected
dumbass shitty main unlikable main
character Wow groundbreaking what
discovery
you know deep space 9 did a Warren's
face and they did like very
intelligently like like seasons worth of
diplomacy to try and stop the war from a
panic before they actually did it
Deep Space 9 was extremely smart about
doing Star Trek with war discovery was
not
it's very cinematic visually it's
gorgeous
Oh and so that's something yeah
something it's something largely
superficial sure it cinematically cinema
a scimitar furs watching that going yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah
rich oh there any positive aspects this
year there you go great cinematography
discovery is bland Star Wars I think you
take all the fun out of Star Wars yes
that's about what discovery is I imagine
JJ trek without the light fun heart hot
light-hearted fun tone you suck that out
of it oh my god that's the only thing
that made you oh there you go
why didn't you fly the ship back I don't
think it gives me anything extra I guess
it might but I don't know after if you
if you take over a ship like you can
just kill everyone on board and fly the
ship back to your base and it might give
you extra money but I don't think it
does ok so I just took my pot back there
any good reason not to I guess not
if you kill if everyone's dead
I got a lot of shit here how was the
music in the show rich oh the opening
credits are hysterical with how horribly
they contrast with the show itself this
is kind of hopeful dude that's the
beauty shots of the discovery almost
this almost like like drawings they love
it the show thank you yeah that's too
bad
maybe they'll find it
well that was nothing
we upset that the Klingons were no
longer sporting silly haircuts no I was
more upset that they were blended with
motivations that were just stupid they
they are completely uninteresting
but TNG managed to have some pretty neat
Klingon politics episode sure sure get
some good stuff this carefree just our
religion tells us to do this we're gonna
do it sure
oh let's hi people
that's interesting no check this out so
I need this key this guard has a keycard
he is a level 2 keycard right so here's
what I'm gonna do this is this is where
the game starts to get a little fun I'm
gonna use my long-range swapper and swap
with this guy right here ready then
pause again and then take my long blade
here and kill cool yeah so it can lead
to some really interesting
tactics yeah hide the bodies because if
if the enemy discovers bodies you can
pick up the bodies yeah how do you hide
them specifically just kind of you know
like this guy's just out in the open so
I'm gonna put him over here in this like
alcove thing look up there's no like
chambers or anything okay my mission is
to assassinate this person who else is
over here just the captain they turned
them into less interesting JEM Hadar oh
yeah yeah Jim Hadar from Deep Space nine
the Warriors that the Dominion used
- guys over here
well chat if you're looking for
uplifting Star Trek discovery is
certainly not the place to get it
too bad rich are you going to continue
watching Star Trek Discovery III I
wondered two more episodes give it a
chance cuz like I said this doesn't feel
like the actual pilot to the show that
the first two episodes feel like the the
backstory not to what's going to end up
being the real pilot Oh
that's the part that's most of sitting
here telling me about that earlier and
you talked about that earlier and it's
like you know they're your two episodes
in and it doesn't even feel like the
show got started yet yeah it's like we
got a we got a movie yeah so long pilot
this is you know it this should have
been flashbacks interspersed throughout
the rest of the show yeah how do our
main character get in this predicament
then we flowey we learn a little bit
more each episode sure that's what this
should have been yes yeah now we're
starting off and I already hate her
I see no redemption I have no interested
seeing any kind of redemption she's
horrible I want her to suffer that's how
I'm starting the show I want to see the
main character suffer and I think that's
what that's what they want I don't know
no of course it's not what they want of
course it's not what they want that's
silly rich hates Michael I do
I despise Michael for anybody who's
mildly confused her name is Michael
watts
her name is a boy's name isn't it Mikoto
no it's Michael yeah they just call her
Michael they just call her Michael like
not me gel or Mitchell even Mitchell
might be a girl's name Michael is it
spelled weird I haven't seen it spelled
I've just heard people call her by name
McHale we'll try a hard mission I've
been playing I've been playing a lot so
we're gonna try a hard mission here
the future Michael is also a girl's name
and it's not a big deal it's just okay
if you're a if you're talking to
somebody it might be weird well it like
that her name's Michael what I was
making
right right can this shirt you want you
trying to doc if you go if you go into
these they shoot you down but uh like
you you would think that if you if you
clink on the ship enough eventually
they'll the guards will just be alerted
so far I haven't noticed that but oh who
is John and why has his talk so hot me
wonderful I hope people get the joke I
didn't die first you had to explain it
to me you like the upper I explained it
oh yeah
okay this game is called what is it
called heat signature heat signature
what's another what's what's another
name for a signature what do they call
that
it's your John Hancock mm-hmm so a heat
signature would be a John hot cock
that's why I titled the stream John hot
cock
so here this will be a bullshit this
will be a fun point so see these two
guards here they're out in the open and
there's not a lot of ways I can get to
them cuz this guy has a shield so he can
reflect all my bullets right but what I
have is a teleporter a wrench and a long
blade so I'm gonna use my teleporter
it's a teleport right next to these
motherfuckers
pause use my long blade on this
motherfucker
which didn't seem to work something I
need to see no I'm just I'm just kind of
explaining to people what's going on in
case they are curious I stick my
silenced gun and shoot this guy but
where you see this alarm that supposedly
goes up that we have to worry about a
certain number of being gotten to I
haven't been caught yet
so or is it just it just doesn't show up
in general
work what's with his blue shield here
usually my so I'm about to get kicked
off the ship
you know it didn't raise the alarm it
probably should have but here's the
thing they just kicked me off the ship
so I can actually come back to the ship
your loom should be on top but I didn't
see it thank you
so don't know why my Chan I have not
seen any new duck tails episodes yet
other than the first one and I kinda
want to wait till this bunch of them
sure i binge watch most things yeah and
I just one of my one of my weapons here
is a key cloner which is just if I get
close enough to a key I can make a copy
of it without having to kill him because
apparently this guy guards patrolling
has seen you shield reflects all Oh a
shield reflects all incoming attacks Shh
yes Vulcans have ghost mind meld powers
now
ghost mind meld yes sir ik but not Suren
mind melds with michael from halfway
across the galaxy I know it doesn't make
any fucking sense if you want the Star
Trek to be mindful of like the rules and
science they've established yeah no I'm
hey he's gonna mind meld with Michael
somewhere from fokin from Fulton no more
screens pure Holograms all the way see
this this doesn't bother me like like I
am fully cognizant of the fact that the
future even if it takes place before the
original series the bridge can't be all
knobs say that again the bridge can
bridge can't be all knobs our idea of
what as futuristic has changed like in
in next-gen when they had the iPads that
was future tech man yeah no it's just
yes from iPad is not a futuristic about
that I can understand why they went with
the full Holograms and that is one of
the things in the show that did not
bother me I thought it was neat a lot of
a lot of the communication and the
discovery happens with just full-on
Holograms
instead of like being on a view screen
you'll be talking to that person's
hologram in the room with you oh I it
didn't bother me
I understand visually you need to update
Star Trek's idea of what the future is I
get it
I had an idea something I wanted to try
to assassinate this person and it didn't
really work
that's enough Dumbo discovery I'm gonna
spoil something it is still in brand-new
show and you will you will hear more of
my thoughts on it later
you're gonna try this mission until we
fucking get it right you hear that
fuckers I'm coming for you again
and she watching any other TV shows hey
hey show watch most of the show watching
I do comes in been binge watching after
a seasons done
though I'm looking forward to stranger
things season two I'm not as excited as
I was for seasons one and two but I
still want to watch ash vs. Evil Dead
Season three sure which we've not heard
hardly anything about which is weird
which is concerning oh yeah I'm Rick and
Morty I guess I've been watching that
though I think I'm I'm behind an episode
or two right now say the twenty-seventh
stating the 27 char today is the 27th
god I am so far behind today is the 27th
okay so if you notice what I just did
here yeah I am out in space with my
assassination target because my target
had on a shield to protect itself from
all weapons and so I made my target
follow me into a room with a window and
broke the window
hurtling us both okay into space and now
I can remote control my pod to pick me
up
does he just suffocate there's something
eventually I assume do you have to
finish properly killing it says
assassinate
objective unconscious you can kill them
from the pause screen
how
wait zoom out I think there's too little
space
No did you pick them up you pick them up
okay
wonderful UI fine wonderful UI
and talked about how great the UI is
every doctor ship and you can kill him
Cyrus the mild cold since felis catus is
your taxonomic nom clincher and
endothermic quadruped fed carnivore by
nature your visual olfactory and
auditory senses contribute to your
hunting skills and natural defenses okay
some about cats great cats
none of us says you're a 20-17 remake of
Brewster's Millions where you need to
spend a hundred million in 30 days to
get a billion and the same rules apply
but you can't copy the first movie how
would you do it yeah you familiar with
mistress Millions it's an old movie all
the the a classic Richard Pryor joint
yes of course I know Brewster's Millions
he gets a huge inheritance Oh was that
the date of poem
sorry I don't remember every single
thing that happened to T&G; the campaign
was data's poll about his cat all right
Brewster's Millions was a movie where
Richard Pryor inherited it sound of
money yeah but in order to get the full
money I was like you know five hundred
million yeah he had to spend five
million dollars and in a week so many
days and well and there were all these
stipulations he couldn't tell anybody
what he was doing or that he needed the
money right yeah well and there were
certain things like he couldn't just buy
like 18 houses like there there were
certain stimuli he couldn't make an
investment like the houses if he bought
houses they would be worth money right
and he couldn't give any given any away
like he couldn't just give five million
to charity yeah like he needed to spend
it on things so yeah and so there are
all these stipulations with the idea
said in the movie the guy said you know
when I was a teenager my dad caught me
smoking cigarettes so he made me smoke
the entire carton and I never wanted to
smoke any again so if I'm going to
bequeath to you this so much money I
want you to hate spending money
right and it's you know it's it's one of
the fine premise for a movie what do you
do right what do you do now I don't know
the part really well if you can't do
what you do in the movie I don't know
you think the movies solution was
brilliant he went into politics and he
just spent all that money on a campaign
and the campaign was don't vote for me
well yeah he found a bunch of really
clever ways right right which is nice
but yes and endler and learned a lesson
about friendship and spending money so I
think about it this is not something I
thought about how to do before I you
just thought of right no I do not have a
ready-made answer for you really on how
I would get rid of a hundred million
dollars just like that
don't eat it all the Hillary Clinton you
can't donate that's true you can't you
can't donate it you can't you couldn't
you can't buy it you yeah nothing
fretted like there's all there's all
these stipulations which make it you
know logical
I'm gonna get rid of my shot need a shot
and littluns says never trust democracy
on the Internet Jack from Europe leggo
stream PS uh-huh
feverishly in favor yeah feverishly
filleted light and frequently valid
fellows PPS something something decent
universe online something something you
fucks you know I I'm a sucker for for
doing what you guys want to see and you
know I didn't want to you know cuz
because I this was the game that I was
playing I was playing heat signature but
as we're discovering right now I
understand that this isn't necessarily
the best game to stream as as it turns
out it's really hard for us to fucking
see I can only imagine what they're
seeing so I wanted I wanted to give
people an option new game a game that
you know that I will only play with the
chat yeah because I have uninstalled it
still it is still uninstalled or you
know Lego sorting which was a kind of a
joke half joke but y'all y'all
motherfuckers took it seriously
what's the objective here okay we have
to steal what's in that create a lot of
guards a lot of guards in this one
we're gonna handle this
what we're looking chef
yeah
shit
Brown Adam Sandler since I was just
thinking about prereq and its viewers
and the thought poured in my mind do you
guys have any fans who are not rlm fans
first apologies this has been discussed
I have no way of knowing what you guys
were fans at first I presume there are
some I have to imagine the vast majority
of people who watch pre-record
we're familiar with Harlem ahead oh oh
yeah yeah I would also assume that
I was open a ghost this one but I guess
you're gonna die now people I hope
you're comfortable with that
well
invest all the money in Bitcoin and wait
a week Bitcoin is a tendency to go up in
value the end and that's an investment
so you could you can't do it you can
invest you just have to lose the money
for the Brewster's Millions oh oh sure
you can invest in something that fails
and lose all the money but you can't
invest and make a profit
oh shit
Johnson 89 I'm reading your tip and I
might have you know what I reserve the
right to not read any tip and you're not
saying anything that's offensive you
just saying something that's completely
wrong and I disagree with it
okay so here's the alarm someone saw a
body I wasn't I was sloppy and cleaning
up my bodies and then it goes up so now
I have now I have to get out of here
that's okay what's your goal so my only
goal was to steal the thing and I
already stole the thing but you just
need to walk jump out that window yeah
yeah but there's a little there's some
money here
well
got it bye
I have a straw poll which people found
first
straw poll on what when our LMR us which
we get first oh sure oh no I can only
assume ninety yeah eight percent yeah
new of us through our LM first okay well
so yeah here's here so here is this this
is a roguelike right every ship is
procedurally generated and here's where
we get to how you progress in the game
we are currently on this little
satellite okay and these are all the
territories all around us what's your
goal your goal is to I think get all of
these is liberate all of the areas but
choosing new areas gets you gets you new
stuff like this gives you grenade
launcher concussive grenade launchers
ICU that's interesting high-capacity
shields rechargeable crash beam I don't
even know what that is super shotguns
yeah it looks like you can zoom in when
you're on a ship can you zoom in here
too
yeah okay so you can zoom in and out the
issue is the text never gets any larger
yep
we'll get some high-capacity key floors
so now that we've unlocked a new station
there's also a different different kinds
of missions that are unlocked and so now
there's bloodless missions which give
you a monetary bonus if you can do a
mission without killing it later as you
unlock more and more of these stations
there's a whole big ol list of different
missions that you can take and then for
each for each character you are because
all you know like right now what the
character am I even what's my name
och Dan's Knightly if I can collect 260
dollars I can go on my personal mission
which is basically like the end boss for
this character yeah and then I can
retire and you know grab a new character
or if I die there's a lot there's a lot
of little things to do but this is the
basis of my unlock more equipment so you
can do more cool shit on the ships okay
right now I'm okay with my weapons
they're not great
silenced shot yeah
we're gonna see if we can cause fuck dad
steal something
kill a motherfucker hit rich what are
your favorite Nirvana songs also do a
flip says the blue prism I can't do a
flip
yeah I wouldn't recommend it oddly
enough I don't really like smells like
teen spirit all that much
sure lithium poly dumb something in the
waves one I really love okay are you an
in utero fan I am album dumb I know song
I know songs they did but which was on
which album that I I lost track of all I
don't know they didn't write it but like
a fire from unplugged
fantastic
there's just a ton of good nirvana it's
hard to to rank them sure
Oh
Jeff fresca - says I demand more Freddie
Williams on best of the worst I saw him
at Baltimore Comic Con last weekend and
he said he would love to come back
also Jack Josh oh also Jack Josh died
syrup said thank you for being a
harbinger fan oh well great we have
we have very little control over whether
or not
Freddie comes on to the show also he is
a professional comic book artist and is
I'm sure busy as rock
so Nana says hey guys fun house games
streaming group of friends got asked
about lonely viewers watching because it
feels like hanging with buds of their
own how do you feel about rlm prereq
viewers doing this you watch this for
whatever reason you want to watch this
it's offensive oh I know I'm sorry if
you're watching us for that reason then
go oh go away right who cares why you
guys watch us are you having a good time
ghosts of Renfield Renfield
what is the Dracula card run Felda
Reginald yeah I always get confused that
ie German I've always pronounced it her
in field but I could be wrong yeah I
says hi dudes in Star Trek Spock data
hologram doctor and 7 of 9 are all cut
off from their humanity and asking what
it means to be human what do you what do
you think was the most interesting
character and or was best acted sparks
the most iconic Spock the data probably
did the understanding humanity thing
better sure
nothing Spock ever asked what I've meant
to be human the Spock was like why would
you want to be human yeah Spock
knew what it was to be human and didn't
much care for us Spock is the opposite
of data yeah that's good Spock is half
human and he wants nothing to do with
his human half data is quite clearly not
human and he desperately wants to be
yeah they're there they're actually
polar opposites despite the similarities
in them big smart and and thinking good
logic it's just in data's case it's
because he has to
my person seven of nine yeah she was on
that show because she had tips you know
the one that terrible character all said
gone bed seven of nine the fan service
was so blatant like it was distracting
it was always distracting she's a sexy
Borg you like the board right you like
blondes right here's the sex book and
even though they did do good things with
her character I could never get past
that I'm not gonna be late right I don't
disagree with you but I don't mind
Jeri Ryan is a good yes I'm not saying
she was terrible I'm just saying the
blatant as' of why she was on that show
was always it was a constant distraction
for me oh sure it wasn't much for me
well and also like they actually did
start doing stuff with her character oh
sure I know like we got some interesting
storylines out of her and so yeah I
think the good of seven of nine
outweighs the hot lady in a cat suit
which again I'm perfectly okay with okay
so this is a timed mission and it's on a
big-ass ship it's like a boss mission
for my character like like seven or nine
that was so blatant it was insulting my
intelligence sure I can be with you
they're like I know what you're doing
don't act like you're not doing it right
so you can you how did that teleport not
like when I grab the key from the other
room its er arranged to that is it with
it is it had to be within the circle
around you or something or I don't
exactly know it has to be on the floor I
think okay and so like I can't grab the
key off of the enemy unless I'm close to
them on these guys I'll have shields off
fuck I'm not prepared for this mission
well I have a really good exit as soon
as I can get to the exit but I'm
probably gonna die on this mission
I'm sorry twitch Evan 16 you missed that
conversation I don't feel like having it
again we we already talked about
discovery sure did
I'm not particularly enamored of it is
everything I thought it was gonna be
if I paid $2 can we talk about it again
ah that's kind of rude no because I
refused III I retained the right to not
read any tip and I'm done talking about
discovery I am done
that's Farage yeah yeah you don't have
to talk about discovery if you don't
want to say anonymous no but not talking
about it I'll read I read your PS though
nonnamous says Jack how's the diet going
I'm on track I'm on track good Zion wise
I gotta say I'm failing this mission
we're gonna cancel we're gonna cancel
the mission how do we cancel
shet you can you can donate a 50 you or
a $1,000 tip that mentions discovery
I'll gladly accept your tip and not read
it you think we're too often that's the
question do you think rich is bluffin he
is not cuz I'm gonna say it's gonna be
off stream nobody stay in the same
fuckin thing yeah we don't need to do
that get here earlier just a random ship
Oh only 19 seconds my dad's going very
well I you know I I did a little bit on
Sunday I had some I had some beer on
Sunday and Sunday is a non-diet day so I
should not have had any beer and the
tough part is I didn't my diet is still
like going well as far as weight loss
this week is concerned and so I didn't
learn a valuable lesson there which is
like oh you can have a beer every once
in a while sure go ahead it's more
effective diet that's the wrong lesson
the laughs cuz I need to be on diet if I
want to lose weight right yeah so but
it's it's nice to have the wiggle but so
yeah diets going very well I'm still on
it still on pace to lose a bunch of
weight for Christmas which is nice
so you'll see it we'll see if it keeps up

[Part II]
so I should not have tried that personal
mission yet I needed a very a lot more a
lot more SH dude yes dad I am looking
forward to Super Mario Otteson you know
I find myself not really caring it's not
I mean you know it's not out yet I
haven't made they have no reason to be
hyped or not behind you know what I am
looking forward to you know it comes out
tomorrow
it's a golf story yes that that's that
weirdo old-school RPG but instead of
combat you play golf okay it looks like
it's gonna be adorable fun okay and so
I'm is that none the swinish his eye
he's coming out and switch tomorrow we
would have played that tonight but
how is your diet going it's it's nowhere
near as strict as Jax but yeah I'm in
just general I'm trying to eat better
and you know what that works I'm going
the crazy route basically I've told
Karen your your the diets are oh he's
really young you've put her and you put
her in charge
yeah you've given her complete I know I
know what a work for me she says no all
right you know I'll grab somebody yeah
I'll have a with her Oh what if I what
do I just have to small size it wasn't
fries fries nowhere
I think it's funny well I think it's
funny that you put Karen in charges
because we knew you would listen to her
yeah but not necessarily yourself right
right yeah I am wise enough to know
myself Jack that's good yeah that's good
rich
harden says hey fellas rich I know you
were riffing a lot during best of the
worst but some of the things you come up
with are pretty ingenious if you could
write in any medium what would it be
comic comic strip or sitcom that's cuz I
can I I can find a good joke
when I'm goofing around with friends
doesn't mean I would be a good writer I
don't I don't think I would be an
especially good writer yeah it's just a
different skill set I think I think you
could learn possibly I don't have any
such skills right now I don't think
other than just general ideas for things
maybe but not not actually sitting down
to write them out properly I don't think
I could that's not me yeah here's what
and I've said this before and I will
repeat this I think writing is a learned
skill
and you know like it takes a long time
just to learn how to write mm-hm
speaking as someone who has written
stuff I would want you in the room I'd
want you eating the writers okay I I
cannot accept that because yeah you're
very good you're very good with with
riffing and coming up with concepts
both missus hey guys have either of you
played Star Wars Knights of the Old
Republic if not what you consider it for
prereq I'm very curious to your opinions
on it for the sequels I'm just not
interested and I play it a bit of it and
didn't much care for it I I don't like
their types of games Bioware's yes I'm
not a big fan of Bioware's games mm just
not big fan Jedi we're a Star Wars
universe but I did play a little bit
it's fine
Tom GaN says rich do you think the
latest series of Rick and Morty has
declined in quality to appeal to a more
general audience if if there's been a
decline in quality with Rick and Morty I
do not think they're trying to appeal to
a larger audience I don't think they
give I think they're gonna do what they
want to do yeah if you want to argue
there's been a decline and I don't
necessarily know that that's really true
it would be it would be because either
they're there Berg out possible or they
Styx getting old like like Rick is a
horrible person and we kind of get it at
this point that he's a terrible person
and you're you're running out of extreme
legs that Rick can go do to shock you
and you're running you're running out of
that part of comedy is the element of
surprise
yeah and so now you just know them you
as well you expect Rick to do the most
horrible possible thing he can do it
it's the The Simpsons conundrum yeah
there's you know like there's only so
outlandish they can get before people
stop paying attention yeah sure and and
if also the other reason there might be
a decline if you think the race is
because the season is I believe twice as
many episodes as season two
it's twice as many I think it's I think
it's just seasons twice as long Oh
interest yeah interesting
which does the most horrible thing but
it's always an a surprising clever way
how long can they keep that up that's
what I wonder about Rick and Morty how
long can they keep that up yeah it can't
be easy but what do you think about this
season so far uh I'm a toilet I haven't
like tried rating it relative to the
last season
sure
now that do you think they could save
discovery if they brought in David Lynch
I think they could save discovery if
they brought in Star Trek sick burn
like the mage this rich discovery
discussions past Babylon 5
yeah good show I know the pilot but good
show okay rich I get it work force you
I'll read that to Jack when he gets to
Jack this is show called Babylon 5 great
sci-fi show how us Jack what he thinks
about Babylon 5 for good
Morrow says what's your favorite thing
Courtney Love has done rich okay
if you're being honest about that
question the Courtney Love a question
you kind of just have to say well it was
People vs Larry Flynt right that was the
one she was in then that that by default
yes I know Kurt Cobain is the obvious
joke actually I was going from kill Kurt
Cobain but I like Kurt Cobain
that's comment about the game which is
probably read with jackets here read
exeunt doubles heroes his hatred don't
play Halo gameplay is slow and hasn't
paid well Master Chief was uninteresting
without reading expanded universe
sources of the story is generic I played
all the games yourself all right I
wasn't really planning on playing it
anyway so we're all good we're all good
man
which do you like Jerry Seinfeld I like
this show Seinfeld a lot more than I
ever liked Jerry Seinfeld stand-up Jay
fresh says where is Jay frisk to us as
rich how do you feel about Babylon 5 it
felt like another version of deep space
9 my opinion is that it may have aged a
bit better than Star Trek I can never
get past the pilot from Babylon 5 and I
know I should but I I watched the pilot
like twice in my life and never I'd
never watched further than that Jack
Babylon 5 do you have any thoughts and
opinions on the Babylon 5 okay I didn't
even I didn't even watch a little bit
and then turn it off the 97th Jacqueline
says concussion hammers are a godsend
less than a two second cooldown 8 meter
reach but be careful flying bodies can
knock out windows that's true that's
true I have I have one in my other
playthrough but they're really fun
because you can send a body flying for a
window teleport away and then all the
other bodies get sucked out the window
there that's the thing about this game
is it is full it has the potential to be
full of wonderful little moments
but the presentation isn't quite there
like they have this thing where you can
like you know look around like this if
you get down the shift-key but you never
get a really good sense of like where
you are I should never it's a little
weird sometimes a little jank but
overall I like it overall I really like
okay the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla
says your stream is the vivid highlight
of my week Society questions when
someone says you are too smart for your
own good
that seemed like a sincere compliment or
is it really a backhanded insult it's
not a backhanded insult it's just an
insult what what they're saying when
they say you're too smart for your own
good is they're saying you're very
clever but you don't know how to speak
to other people it's just a regular old
insult oh no and I don't have any strong
opinions on that because I don't think
I've heard anybody say that
I've never heard that outside of like a
movie or something I don't think I've
ever heard that used and in the real
world
nobody's ever said that to you yeah just
smart for your own good I know some
people who that has been said to them
and it's been true so you're already at
23 seconds of capture yeah this is this
is a hard mission and it starts off with
the timer yeah this one started off with
the timer and I what happens when you
get captured you have to play someone
else yeah
all my characters - yeah I'm not gonna
make it well okay so so this is the
pause feature I'm here or I'm here I'm
gonna go
can you just abandon the machine yeah I
guess I can just leave but I wanna see
if I can do it okay so what are the
penalties for a bad information
you just don't yeah okay that's not bad
yeah oh yeah another word there's no bad
you're out nothing there's no incentive
not to abandon a mission at the drop of
a hat is there some of those miles and
roll does that flaw possibly excuse you
13:27 72 do you guys think that the
Zelda series will never be able to go
back to the old formula now that breath
of the wild XP MTW now that best of the
worst exists
would you prefer they stick to the new
open world design and if so what would
you add I had thoughts about this before
I don't know what they were Wow better
dungeons maybe a bit more enemy variety
better dungeons just incremental
improvements basically for one for what
you would do next after a breath of the
wind or breath of the wilder writes all
the best of the worst that's that that
was such that was such a monument how do
you how do you follow up a monument you
don't like you just dlc it just give
another island for him to explore her
you know remember killing the pilot
stops the counter
fucking right I did I did forget that
and I forgot to you know another another
downside it when you play a lot is you
forget what gear you currently have on
you and so I actually had a key cloner
and so I could have gotten to my
destination a lot faster when I stopped
to kill some people so I could get the
key yeah yeah it's one of them I wanted
it too bad alright let's see who do we
got here
you know what just just give me the
iconic sir from the get-go I understand
you wanted to be ultra different for the
sake of just changing things up because
you needed to but our second is Elvis
Zelda yeah yeah you can give me a whole
bunch of new costumes in and just throw
the classic one in there if it's not
hidden behind a paywall or a 100 percent
completion you can do that you know no
I'm happy to change it up like I one of
my favorite things was my second
playthrough of Wind Waker because on
your second playthrough of Wind Waker
you can play in your little cute Island
lobster oh I know that I hate that
outfit oh I loved it you don't always
need the green tunic it's the green
tunic only through amiibos technically
no practically yes the only good looking
version of that outfit is available
through amiibos there is a really
horrible looking version of the green
tunic that you can only get once you
have 100% of the game at which point
having it is a moot point right
you have to clear out every single one
of the challenge dungeons right so why
would you play and then after that well
you're basically done yeah so
the shrines that challenge dungeons
whatever Turnagain game isn't that bad
save the shorts and up I'm not I'm not
at all fond of the in-game tunic
the best-looking one in my opinion is
the Twilight Princess one you get
through the amiibo
I never like awards for 100% what the
fuck am I gonna do with that see I agree
and disagree that's not what the reward
is like another outfit for Linc
that's a lame reward but in Grand Theft
Auto wasn't it like a tank a tank would
spawn by your hideout and it was just
something that was fun to get in and
play around with right and of course it
was also like Grand Theft Auto it was
full of replayability so I think I think
one of the spider-man games if you 100%
didn't let you play as the Green Goblin
so the reward is fun it might give you a
reason to play the game again with the
reward just because it's a fun reward
oh yeah the the it was the spider-man
the movie game yeah let you let you play
and you got to play all the levels with
the Green Goblin in the end his glider
it was great
oh yeah that was fantastic that was
super fun so that's that's my thoughts
on that
like like 100% sing the Arkham games
somebody's saying you get like a gold
bat symbol for your student that's life
you know you should get you can play it
Superman all of the bullets bounce off
of you you can just fly and you beat up
all the enemies in one punch
every girl for batarangs are replaced
with heat vision oh my god wouldn't that
be just awesome that would be a little
ridiculous
and it'll be completely broken because
you're playing a super fly right
would it change the story and all
playing as green Goblin's Green Goblin
and spider-man didn't it'll be a lot of
work to change the story to fit around a
Superman I'm okay with it it's just a
fun extra oh yeah I mean it's better
than just a gold bat symbol on your suit
what are you speeding up time I got I
got caught speeding up time so he could
carry me do this stupid exit oh you were
being carried yeah
I was carrying you why one of the guards
when you get when you get captured they
knock you out and throw you out the
airlock oh I thought I was gay you had
to start her as a new character that you
got captured well uh there's two there's
a couple different you there's a couple
different kinds of captured okay
there's there's that was captured a
which is different than Megan captured I
guess okay does this just need to let
you play zoomed in and then just have
like the wider version on like a little
mini map in the bottom Raby maybe that's
it
some of shine on J AI na Jana says rich
and Jack what is your favorite non trek
sci-fi show without the war of the
chosen corniness would you think XCOM
would be a good premise free TV series
also any new voice acting work incoming
no new voice acting work favorite non
Trek show Farscape easily Farscape there
are other good like stranger things but
Farscape
I think in general be my answer Oh Jack
you have a favorite non Trek sci-fi show
favorite non trek sci-fi showed the
expanse is very good
I really enjoyed battles to the remake
of Battlestar Galactica mmm I thought
that was a fine sci-fi show I don't know
if this counts but orphan black
what's the rules on sci-fi in life you
tell me right good orphan black is okay
it's it's any technology that doesn't
exist yeah Becky yeah so orphan black is
a really good sci-fi show I'm like a
follow up Firefly of course Firefly was
great
orphan black a sci-fi oh good yeah then
orphan black is really fuckin good
sci-fi shit and Firefly at least but it
might be Firefly cuz it's so good but
also there's just not that many
fireflies and so like I get more
enjoyment out of orphan black only
because there's more of them uh-huh even
though Firefly is a better channel I
might be willing to count the Nightrider
a sci-fi sure Doctor Who is that's I
fight you know it is sci-fi and a half
it it like it teeters that line between
sci-fi and fantasy where it's like all
right it's fan it you know like sure
yeah who's good
thanks for who has some good to it as
far as when X come make a good TV show
here's a fun fact here's a really fun
fact X come originally not not like the
new rebooted X come or anything but the
original version of XCOM was called UFO
and in the unknown uh-huh
when they it was it's called that in in
Europe when they when they released the
US they changed the name to XCOM you
know for defense but it was originally
called UFO enemy unknown and it was
basically an unauthorized video game
based on the British TV show
UFO about an organization a secret
organization that was investigating
these alien incursions yes so it's it's
it's technically already based on a TV
show albeit like a a shitty 70s British
one
that that is a fun fact yeah yeah but I
see a lot of you in Chad saying doctor
who got really bad doctor who did get
really bad but but there was there's
like five or six solid Doctor Who
seasons maybe seven they're not you're
not talking about any of the original
seasons either right you say that right
I'm talking strictly about Eccleston and
beyond
Eccleston is a great season all of
Tennant is great like two seasons of
Matt Smith are pretty good and that's
when I stopped watching so there's some
good there's some French that's what I
need
I had to fail that last mission because
I had no non-lethal weapons hmm wrench
always got to have a wrench
quiet automatic shotgun
if you've never seen that you off our
show you need to look into it it's
bonkers I've never seen it and I need to
track down an episode or two I've heard
him I've only heard of it
fuck the police I don't give no fuck if
I spill the blood I love killing people
that's my favorite thing to do in this
game nerd or bball cuz you're supposed
to be a sneaky spy and there's
definitely nobody talking about you if
they're dead
all right uh-huh Hardin says aparted hi
hey Jack I I don't believe in censorship
and I don't have an anger problem but
were there any shows your kids couldn't
watch because it was annoying we banned
Cal U I hated that bald-headed bastard
Caillou
all right yeah Caillou fuckin sucks I
agree with that
I'm assuming this is a children's show
it's a PBS children show that stars the
most annoying little kid you will ever
hear he's whiny he complains all the
time he doesn't understand his shit
that's going on around him
Caillou's the fucking at worst
yeah there's a couple shows that we like
really try to steer them away there was
one in particular and I don't know if
it's still on Netflix and it was a show
I was it called it was something about
crayons they were like talking crayons
but they didn't really talk they just
made noises and it was like 25 30
minutes of just crayons with faces on
them that was just like wiggle and make
noise then for like two-year-olds right
but and my kids were young when they
watched it and they loved it and I
couldn't even stand it to be on in the
background so eventually we just told
them it wasn't working like yeah it's
not working they're like no I see it
right there we said yet not doesn't
doesn't work it's like Oh crazy crayons
or something huh I'm trying to think of
all things I mean that there's a million
shows like that where you just don't
like there was one code there is a show
called cannibals and it starred like
animals that you could stuff into a can
or something that one too and sometimes
children's programming very sorry Jackie
as you should be
the sacrifices you have to make as a
parent s Carson says Jack how long do
you think Gary will be stuck in the
speedforce
prison in season four I think he'll be
out before Thanksgiving night playing
Wally sucks I don't think I can handle
him as the flash for long so then I just
read a whole bunch of like spoilers that
I probably shouldn't have read cuz I
didn't know anybody
Oh last season spoilers so you know
nothing too bad
DC loves just replacing their heroes
with lamer knockoffs of the old heroes
you liked like what Oh like the flash
with you know the original was Wally
West and Barry Allen well yeah so well
Green Lantern with oh yeah
Kyle whatever yeah so in in CW Flash
universe Wally West is Kid Flash
yeah and work he works alongside flash
and I do agree he's not the greatest
actor but if you're into the show like
it's there's a there's a neat dynamic
with Wally West and Barry Allen in the
CW show where you as everyone knows the
Flash's parents got killed by a
speedster when he was very young in the
CW universe he was adopted by his
neighbor Joe West
and so Joe West is the father figures
great father fingers you know taught me
he raised Barry after his parents got
brutally murdered and he was also the
cop in charge of investigating yeah it
was it's really neat
Wally comes around as
Joe's some that he never knew about
who's about Wally or who's about Barry
Allen say yeah and so there's a really
neat dynamic there about like you know
we're kind of brothers you're my real
son Barry's my adoptive son you know
like sweet family drama last season
Barry got trapped in the Speed Force how
long will it take him to get out of the
Speed Force ten minutes into the first
episode cuz they never stay it's he's a
fucking star of the show he's the star
of the show he's not going anywhere
come on get real he's gonna he's gonna
be in this feed forest for approximately
three seconds and come out of it
sure dank at the Bale says hey guys best
of the worst hypothetical deathmatch
Shaq mo vs. the tank diving baboon from
order of the Black Eagle who comes out
victorious the tank driving baboon
because he has a tank and he's probably
a lot smarter than shot though I've
never heard you guys compare these two
iconic baboons shocked mom I know that
chakra is stronger than a normal bamboo
he's just homicidal right right well
there no there might have been something
there's our strength enhancement you
know there usually is none of it matters
if the tank driving baboon gets to drive
his baboon tank right that trumps chakra
plus he's a lot smarter than shot he's
smart enough to know how to drive a tank
Chacma has trouble with doors
everything's fine now because I have no
wrench doctor lube it up says I listen
to the Lego stream Oh driving the sound
of LEGO bricks propping memories I'll
have to sort my collection one day
looking forward to seeing this tip on
youtube you know and you know they like
it like I said the Lego stream was fun I
it was brought with production value so
like I said I don't know if I'll do it
anytime soon the one thing though is you
know a lot of our chat be a bunch of
bitches and they spent the majority of
the stream complaining about how I
organize my Legos and I got a fucking
system man what were you doing wrong
according to them you need to organize
every single Lego by type and not by
color honestly if you really want them
sorted it should be both it should be of
course ideally though I would do color
before I did dub type and I do a little
bit of both for the bigger ones anything
anything over a like a two by one tiny
black color well yeah I probably want a
smaller smaller blue pieces and larger
bleep exactly and then for the small
specific pieces I do all by type okay
and so everyone got know everything at
all but all the two by fours all the
four by sixes all the two by sixes fuck
you then then you end up with
multicolored monstrosities that you're
building right right I need a blue thing
I can't find a magic Apple - no no no
that's the thing like hey I'm gonna
build a blue boat well I guess I need to
go to this blue bin and then this blue
bin and then this blue bin fuck you know
you just go to the one blue bin all the
blue shit yeah yeah yeah
so y'all gotta get off my nuts a lot of
people are on my nuts rich straight up
on them
I hope the chats kidding when they're
taking this shit seriously I really hope
they're kidding about what the upsetness
love it
I bought the Legos Preda they're from
and I'm sure they're most of them were
joking I'm on your side in this motion
how about before time color before type
and then like and I showed them all of
my bins that were just type it didn't
matter what color like all the little
great pieces like the two by ones that
have the great ones and a whole bin full
that I show to mama beans
okay that's okay
I can
I could do that everything's fine
all right um and I know it wasn't all
chat but you know you see those comments
fuckin aunty shatter says love your guys
work have you seen the trailer for the
disaster artist James Franco as Tommy
Wiseau
has me cracking up I've only seen like
the teaser
there's just the him coming out of the
door over and over again that's all I've
seen oh I've seen the full trailer the
book is good I've read the book and I
haven't read the book and you know I
haven't seen the room in general mm-hmm
but yeah the movie looks fun it looks it
looks good it looks like he's doing a
good impression of Tommy Wiseau
like dice
these people really deserve to die ah
they're in my way I think I've seen the
blood stain
no they bought the same dress up yeah
we'll just see the bottom now I'd be a
nice touch if they could see the blood
stain who that would be so then you
would want to use more non-lethal yeah
yeah or maybe you had to take like an
extra step to clean it up oh that's a
great idea yeah yeah like or or like you
use a non-lethal weapon but then the
drawback is they might wake up like
right now if you knock someone out there
knocked out yeah the whole mission but
you could have a little back and forth
of the blood-stained wire
pause you have to pause
sis param test Byram thang does hey game
question if you're bad at a game is it
fair to criticize that game I'm terrible
at undertale yet I find myself also
thinking it's a bad only ok game because
if it's a clunky mechanics spend some of
what you don't like about it your your
ability to play a game has very little
to do with your ability to criticize the
game as long as you articulate your
thoughts good enough that's all that
matters as far as criticism is concerned
right now you can say like you know like
let's let's go have an extreme example
is you just like cannot use a mouse and
you're playing a first-person shooter
right and your main criticism of it is
it's really hard to aim with a mouse
then though you might find a lot of
people just like oh well I'm just gonna
disagree yeah you're your opinion would
still be I don't like the mouse and you
have to use the mouse exactly and if
you're someone who didn't like using the
mouse that would be useful information
oh you can only use Mouse oh like my
review of Halo would be the control suck
because you have to use a controller
right that would be my review of Halo
though speaking of not necessarily
unrelated there have been reports in the
wild of PlayStation fours under the
radar
incorporating mouse keyboard controls in
all games no no okay because I know that
was one of your big places horizon zero
dawn yeah and you might be able to just
do that in games not use the most people
are so eat signature it's still a
grandiy MMO though right
oh wait no raisins I'm thinking arises
here though I'm League of the other one
destiny oh yeah but yeah no I don't wait
horizons or dunno know that was one of
your big yeah once it was
there's too much aiming in that game for
a controller
some people like those type of games but
you don't but you can't really say it's
not a good game I could say it's not a
good game for me that's what the proper
so that's what the review is what do you
think of the thing right that's that's
the whole thing
like this game was not a good game for
me because XY and Z review is a
subjective thing not an objective one
always always unless your review is
purely based around measurable metrics
like like let's say someone only
measures FPS frames per second while
using this hardware yeah like they don't
talk about the gameplay all they do is
measure they give you numbers and that
would be a really boring fucking word be
a boring review that's not useful to you
right well unless you have that hardware
yeah then you'll know exactly but if the
game won't play on your system button
yeah I think a lot of people forget like
reviewing is is this incredibly
subjective thing
have you ever had any desire to own a
pinball machine on our cabe cabinet kid
we had one you'd a pinball machine in
your house awesome
my grandmother had seven kids six number
sons we had we had crap
waita oh you know we had pinball machine
there was a pong table table that we the
screen was in the table hmm interesting
very interesting
to a pinball stream come hug me out
how we even
surfs a lot I don't know if that's a
joke or not let's test show we play a
lot with my a lot of it that's totally a
joke
you know you never know
okay I am Chester says your fight of
God's dream was great but I would
recommend for Halloween season
terrordome the fan made fighting game
based on horror movie characters like
Jason Freddy Ash etc could be fun
I've heard of that honking heads in that
too right I think oh yeah yeah okay yeah
that could be silly that could be very
silly I don't know how good a fan made
brawler's gonna be
Saoirse lie apparently they're saying
it's the first time in her know we've
we've played the we've played the fuck
out of FTL oh god this is so many FTL
Stream I do I didn't know pause run once
unnormal uh yeah I'm normal rich should
beat FTL without pausing on glory i I do
adjust my strats I lost I was so like
frantically switching up what I was
doing like somebody suffocated I don't
even notice it was like three jumps
later I'm like wait a minute where's my
mantas you guys trying getting or trying
to get a SNES mini I have a PC I have a
Super Nintendo I my Super Nintendo is
still hooked up to my TV so
for the SNES
but you don't have starfox - I have a PC
that's available in rum when you
couldn't get it any other way because
they'd never released it it just leaked
onto the internet the only way you could
play Star Fox 2 was the other ROM
I am Chester sis yeah rich if you are
still interested in putting a Raspberry
Pi in a NES shell there is a fancy new
nest PI case for the PI that looks like
the recent NES classic I got a few I
could send you in Jack one that'd be
neat rich isn't project I'm I'm Avenue
me neither I didn't have like any
immediate plans to build a Raspberry Pi
and he is neat
ayyyy cutter 1207 sis Jack loved
building the lego pirate ship during the
last I saw your progress yes like that
can't wait to build more 30 plus year
old sets maybe next time I'll break out
the space monorail system
I see in chance someone's asking about
how we're liking expert so far and
here's something I will say they have
this little like thing on top of xsplit
that gives us some of the data and right
now for this entire stream we have zero
dropped frames nice nice
that's really nice we got the free month
we got a code for three months that's
that's what we paid for you and we're
gonna try this out for a little bit I
know we use the elgato stream deck and
there are more options for xsplit than
there is for OBS I'm liking it it's a
little bit different but so far I'm
really liking it we're using one is that
we're using 12% of the GPU 19% of the
GPU so I don't know if that how bad that
is but it all sorts of little doodads
and whatnots and whosits
but so far run I'm pretty optimistic
about using excellent there's a couple
weird quirks like for example I we
weren't able to find a compressor okay
for our microphone yeah yeah yeah and
there was one in OBS and I couldn't find
one for X but that's probably just a
more long as brutally we might yes we
might need to dig a little bit deeper
yeah so like there's a couple quirks
that we should work out but I mean you
guys can see us that's good
you know what else they gonna do more so
here what's going on
I was really hoping if I got close
enough to this guy I was gonna shield
oh there it is is there a footman you
don't have yet yes well there's
equipment I could use to disable shield
but this is what I thought if you get
close enough to you could just steal the
car
he just you got lucky and you didn't see
him and he just walked away
see you got lucky I got incredibly lucky
except for right now I'm gonna get a
little unlucky
actively seizure yeah he's got that look
you know you can't see huh uh-oh look
even that even that shrinks he has an
exclamation point okay and look when you
when you try to zoom in even had shrinks
this guy with the shield look doesn't
see me and I don't want him to see me
because oh god I mean he's oh oh I'm so
fucked say he's got a key to me he's got
a key any which means I need to steal it
and because this guy sees me he's gonna
freak out okay you should get out of
vision sure enough this guy man yeah
what's his range of sight that's a great
is it all the way apparently like you
can see more you just for your circles
in her lap no this circle of this circle
is the Ange of a range of effectiveness
for my high-capacity side whiner my
telephone okay
can you teleport away I I can only
teleport inside this room inside this
circle inside this room yeah because I
need a direct lane
that's upward here he'll see me maybe I
could okay if can you get behind him huh
can you get behind him yes
now this guy sees get behind a yard you
have the body he's gonna say you can't
take him out right yeah your fuck
to get out nope nope he's about to get
me tell if I find him
Oh
you're currently alive kill the captain
so that'll shut off the now you doing
good you've made a nice recovery yeah
what do I even have to do I forgot it
won't be my mission is I have to
assassinate that person that's not
fucking happening now I just got to get
out of here wait wait what happened what
do you need to do I have to get all the
way over here and assassinate that
fucker you dude let's see what we can do
here
oh I need I need a three card key that
this fucker has all right well hang back
and see what they do
there's no timer now we have time can
you can you lure them away
they're you here you go you got him oh I
only have one teleport left
that was my last teleport
get around the corners real fucking
quick go go go go go go it's in slow
motion oh so it automatically goes into
slow motion whatever the enemy sees you
yeah what I mean like yeah I wouldn't
have been able to move no matter what
Craig Nations hey Jack
alright thanks for sharing that pic of
make it so Picard and off-brand Riker
from your Vulcan trip on Twitter oh very
funny and made my day oh yeah they were
talking about I think I showed you I
actually realized I'd never shared those
with Twitter right back the same mission
yeah let's see what I can get away with
oh no but my teleport is done hey a
better teleporter
does it ever recharges just from a gone
it retard it only recharges once you Oh
actually wait it recharges any time you
go to a friendly base okay so what if I
can recharge and try to find the ship
again
that's the little cheese but I'm gonna
go for it monkeys cat says hey guys I
created Paul Feig for a new War of the
chosen run but by chance he was a very
low cohesion with every other soldier I
almost feel sorry for him sorry
cohesions how likely they are to make
friends um get a bond with another
soldier
and he was local everyone with everyone
we do this
I killed the captain so there's no timer
I already stole that key so that's not
gonna stop me okay we got to get over
here if we got to get over here wait how
am I gonna
oh I can shoot him in his face okay okay
can you disable that gun emplacement I
don't have the thing to disable the gun
maybe if I get yeah how you even gonna
get in there I'm even gonna get in there
that's a great question
well this doors open so once this this
thing it rotates so this door will open
eventually and then I need to get
you love a four key where's the level Oh
perfect fuck's sake little four keys
over here
I need the level four key before I can
get dang it
this might have some somebody saying
press e on gun century put the sapper on
the century
oh okay that's good to know
ah
yep great let's shoot at will let's
shoot at enemies now no there is a there
is a gun that you can use to turn the
centuries and shields on your enemy I
just don't have that gun okay and I need
to steal it from this fucker
have the visitor what's the range on
that
okay here's what we can do usually we
can do yeah so I have this year the
teleporter is the visitor
yeah click anywhere within a radius to
teleport there you'll be pulled back to
your original locations two seconds
later while they shoot me in two seconds
tell us who's got the key this person
right here they will shoot you in two
seconds I think it's worth a shot
Oh Oh do they shoot their own oh haha
they captured me but they teleported me
back yes doesn't matter go oh look at
now these fuckers are confused that's
great that's great that's great
heat it fucks this is very enjoyable and
please it yes it is a very enjoyable
game it's a game that I I enjoy it
because of moments like that like it
really forces you to send red canister
thing that's nothing there are big
orange canisters that are
I need this guy to come over here I
can't kill him because he has a shield
what's the range in the window I think
you have to be in this room so I need
him to come over here I think he needs
to be in specifically this room
yeah
further down don't care no no I'm gonna
wait til he comes like closer oh sure
kill it
shit
okay just one dude left you can kill the
shield guy by exploding the big orange
fuel canisters one you can explode those
canisters apparently try it try it
wait oh he's alerting that's okay no
wait wait wait I wanted to get more oh
there we go
really wait is it glowing it might be in
the process of exploding
so that's what those things do all right
we have an answer you can explode rooms
fucking nice I don't know I gotta get
out of here
awesome I just thought those barrels
were there for uh for flavor
I forgot there was something doing I
didn't know what mama says I saw you
recently played the fight of gods
yes I met the devil few weeks ago and
told them it would be funny to add
Mohammed and just make the character
model invisible he said he didn't want
to get bombed you know that's enough
you know yeah right it's one of those
things it's one of those things
I feel good about that motion I feel
good about that mission wrench we did it
we did we did some good work there
did marvelous that was some K that was
teamwork the chat too
everybody did great okay
that visitor really came in really came
you know it's like hey I like you don't
get a big inventory slot
one Lascars get out of town
seems like you're not supposed to kill
non-target people yeah their guard their
on the table
yeah yeah like so there are these I
don't know how much you can see this
this right here steal the lacayo condi
contraption kill no one that's a mission
that is specifically bloodless okay you
are not supposed to kill anyone but
anyone else I just kill anyone you want
man get to get in your way
let's try one of these ones an audacious
one what does that mean
apparently super difficult oh that's the
difficulty level yeah
this ship is flying through hostile
territory and will come under heavy
missile fire maybe not I guess you know
what let's try one of these uh look
don't kill anybody I don't know what
you're gonna be any good at that you are
you are a bloody stealth gamer I really
like okay so let's get rid of our our
short play we won't need that sand
that's a stash get rid of our yeah well
well hold on to the gun because I might
have to blow out a window
gas cam Prime thank you I have anything
interesting to say
absolutely I'll get rid of the shot
all right let's go the highest
difficulty level in the game is mistake
Oh
well we're gonna we're gonna try a
bloodless hard one I've been watching
the stream for five minutes and I
already learned three new things you can
do in this game yeah
listen Hilah I've been playing this game
for LA I have hours into this game and I
didn't know you could do that with the
barrels look I I'm going to finish my
current next calm
commander run and then maybe I'll take a
look at this but I just I just can't
right now I simply can't hey that's
totally fair it
we have three guys over here
someone showed the devs something he
didn't realize you could do on Twitter
recently oh yeah Oh nope but I made a
big loud noise and my gun was was
equipped and so I shot my gun and
alerted everyone to my presence who do I
need to anyone I need to do good job you
missed somebody's saying I did miss
that's yeah that's the good news the
good news is that I missed some same
hotline yeah it's it's hotline Miami by
way of FTL hotline pause Amy nice
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay we
can do this we can do this rich
as soon as the ExComm fatigue system is
working on rich if you mean growing I
mean I I can't feel the same I did about
it from the beginning
I get where it adds more depth to the
game but I'm still not we're still not
loving it I I miss being able to bring
my favorite troops on every mission I
missed that this game is about making
mistakes and getting out of it in clever
ways yep with you and like I just I'm
gonna beat this mission I got 35 seconds
to do this do this I can get out here
too oh yeah I capacity swapper wasn't
this a bloodless mission I didn't kill
anyone
you're knocking someone out isn't the
same thing as killing them
I used my wrench and I used my
concussive gun not my regular gun I did
not kill a single person sorry
I followed the rules something that
Yahtzee is game but I don't think they
never played it we have we have a metric
fuck ton of games though wouldn't be it
wouldn't be out of spite
right right yeah it's we have so many
games that we want to play and our plan
currently and more games are gonna come
out so everyone just has brain damage
now it's better than being dead Hey
I followed the letter of the law
did I kill anyone no that's all that
matters
these are Batman rules
I remember that playing playing Arkham
Asylum is you know like Batman clearly
crushed a lot of people's spines broken
legs
slipstream we don't need that we're
gonna sell that get out of here the
swapper is an interesting one so like
right now I have three different
teleporters and I love them all the
swapper changes places with another
person
yeah and so if you wanted to and I've
done it I've done this in a mission
before you can break the window and then
swap with a person so they get sucked
out and you're fun you have time before
you get sucked out of the window because
you can fire your gun and pause and then
a before it hits the window yeah and
then click on the swapper swap with
someone and then it hits the window
while they're in the room and at the
swapper is a really fun like they're all
like I said the the situations are
really fun user interface CX will my
personal mission is ready to go but I
just don't feel like I'm ready for that
yeah what's a personal mission that's
like them that's like my characters is
the story progress kind of stuff or kind
of rescue my idiot kid who got captured
by the villagers okay it's it's worth a
lot of money usually and then I think
after you're done with that you retire
and then you can go to like the hall of
retired people's and see
but I'm doing all right
we steal both these rigs it with
explosives that that native hit with
lethal damage not only both acts are
safe okay
fairly 2772 says Feridun hypothetical
question hypothetical if you two are
asked to appear in a film in room say as
a cameo appearance in a Skype call
what would your expected rate of
compensation be that sounds less than
hypothetical eight million dollars it
kind of sounds like you're asking us to
be in your movie yep yep the answer's no
I don't know what your movie is what
it's about I don't know what you're
gonna do with this footage we do yeah we
don't know you Dylan not Dylan says are
there any non Sierra or non Lucas art
adventure games that you love now that I
can think of honestly
and they made the bulk of them
Lucasfilm and Ciara
it's not gonna see me sorry doc a plane
I complain it
you can ghost mission is to where you
don't knock anyone out like it seems
like I'm gonna be neat what's the
strategy for ghosting here so this is
the next key card I need yeah
I'm assuming it's not possible to ghost
everyone there's only this fair amount
of randomly generated this going on
right we're face but if this guard moves
I could probably do another thing where
you know so right now the strategy is
wait and see if we can get this guard to
move or if this guard doesn't
that car decides to go for a walk
you might have to take the other cards
out cuz they seem to leave ya know
better they take turns
maybe we're just taking turns
okay are you safe to sneak behind there
no comeback
here we go happening what's happening
he's gonna come here are you even try
and ghost this yeah
I mean is this a no-kill are you just
trying something different
I'm just trying something just for the
fuck of it okay okay I'm down with that
I mean I'm gonna miss out on some
possible loot but I don't know if I've
ever goes to division okay this one's
gonna be tricky because here's the key
to keypad I need to hit the pad there's
only one guy in here that's good it's
really good
plan this out what do you need on you
need that this is I need to steal this
so I probably can't ghost the entire
thing oh no I haven't used any of my
sight wondering I can Sidewinder in to
steal it
Sidewinder out and you know leave via
window yeah if they see you it's not a
ghost I don't know what the rules with
ghosting is is it having played be fade
when they've referred to ghosting it
means you you were not at all spotted by
a guard you left no no evidence that you
were ever even there right no alerts no
what was that noise let's see what they
do so use up a sidewalk
well he might you might be able to sneak
past when he goes in
one gone he comes over here I bet
they're just gonna leave one of the
times you though you're gonna need to
take them out I don't think you can
ghost this wrench please spectacular
move the body moves bunny
you can talk about when he walks back
waitwait
I gots an ideas okay
what
how did you get there yeah there's two
there and you didn't notice oh no that
was a teleporting are some of the guards
when they are alerted to trouble like
telephone okay okay
by E Y these are these spaceships have
glass windows they took their design
from Star Trek
they should be an aluminum alloy yeah
see-through aluminum trans trans
aluminum
none of us wants to know if we'll talk
about our memories of the early internet
I know in 56k modem jack and it went
squeeze
I just remember you know because I was
making dumb movies back in the day yeah
and I remember my cousin's showing me
Stella shorts that's you know Michael
Showalter David Wain and Michael Ian
Black mm-hmm and they had a little
Internet video comedy show and you know
the image was about this big
there was like 320 by 160 and I thought
it was the most revolutionary thing in
the world do you mean we can make movies
and put them on the Internet it was the
most revolutionary thing in the world
and and he had like a like that's not
the early internet though huh oh no I
mean by the time you get to video yeah
well what I'm talking like real player
on a video that you could upload
yourself I remember like he he made his
own like Apple website because we were I
mean we're still Apple and fanboys but
we were Apple fanboys and Apple had the
ability to like make your own like at
apple.com web site mm-hmm
so he made his own web site and you know
we shot the dumbest video and it took
him three days to upload this like a
minute and a half video yeah and you
could you could click on it and it would
take five minutes to load much fun yeah
it was great it was amazing it was a lot
slower and there was a lot more reading
that's the early internet yeah
some shits better on forever I like
snopes.com is ancient mm-hmm ya know and
you know they like you don't really see
you don't really see message boards
anymore or chat rooms missing any well
that used to be the thing you can talk
to people from all over the world
yeah just going to say hi yeah and so
you know kind of social media has taken
that over the social media
yeah I was taken over the this is a
chatroom I know but it used to be a far
more prominent thing with the Internet
chat rooms and this chat room was way
different
you know like replying to a 14-page
thread and then like hanging around for
the next couple of days to see if
someone replies to you all chat rooms
were like this they were that was one on
one know a lot more people were just
horny teenagers right looking to get
laid and failing miserably pathetically
age sex location it has a great pickup
line age sex location mmm
let's play one of these didn't affect
their mission is to be fun
so these defector missions are one
big-ass ship oh my god what is this so
this is Adam after you you saw me
earlier kind of take over a little
satellite each satellite has their
defector measurements and like for this
one I get a hundred thirteen credits
which is pretty good but I have to start
with this I have a self charging swap or
on repeaters from sharp blade and quick
fire shotgun and I cannot raise any
alarms
all right that's the the goal so these
are like pre done maps this is a bullet
generator be my assumption no the the
map is if you fail you can start over
and it's random engine okay the only
thing that's not randomly generated is
my me and my equipment
Oh assasin
I need to assassinate this motherfucker
on the other side of the fucking
spaceship
yeah
damnit so you've already failed what
what happened probably press the wrong
button see now that was slightly
different okay
classic wrong button press
take
so you can kill you just can't raise the
alarm right
I have they have wives and kids families
Jack
that's blood
and I was your violent fucking murderer
you're completely unsympathetic I have a
mission rich stupid selfish ha ha feel
like I'm watching Star Trek discovery ah
brother brought it all the way around
rich you did it
come on grapes the blood will go away
huh this is the thing yeah the blood
just goes away I I like that idea though
of needing to clean up yeah yeah that's
a fun idea
can you bypass them oh here we go I
cannot bypassed again but there's no one
really around so I don't need to
necessarily be worried about making too
much noise
so actually can you make noise
deliberately and then swap with the guy
and back
oh they teleport the one that the one
teleports
it's just the one just the one the one
with the green teleports so they're
gonna raise the alarm this is all my
fault that's ok hey we're trying to let
trial is all my fault
trial and error I will accept sorry jack
I thought that'd be a really clever
strategy that was a really clever
strategy and I liked it but now we know
now we know okay
got a guard over here got a guard over
here got a guard right here
trial and error air and air my error
though that's all I made
backseat gaming failed backseat
suggestion fail you know but what if
that would have worked that would have
been awesome and I by the way I think it
would have worked if we had accounted
for that teleporting guard right yeah
yeah
so that was the real thing it was that
teleporting guards fault so the key is
taking care of that teleporting guard
first
right here
okay so once again there's no one really
around
we can teleport into this guy I'm here
now use our quickfire shotgun on that
guy Chet unless we're talking about rope
none Star Wars is fun and adventurous
Star Trek discovery is not so I don't I
don't necessarily know that I don't I
don't think discovery is trying to be
like Star Wars because then it would at
least be fun
revengeance it right I rendered the
sipping Attack of the Clones were so fun
adventures the fucking prequels come on
man it's pretty well come on I mean well
as far as trolling goes you're not even
trying
around
yeah that's gonna look for something
that's horribly different to talk about
here and what's going on um Ricketts 47
says rich do you think you could beat up
Dustin Diamond yep
dude didn't horse Shack make the mistake
of thinking that then they had that
celebrity boxing match and didn't didn't
Dustin Diamond beat the crap out of him
like kind of famously and brew late yeah
I think I think Dustin Diamond could
probably handle himself honestly
Dustin Simon his head to put up a lot of
shit I wouldn't surprise me if he knew
how to fight
was this rich and will sound completely
dumb but if I read over start I love you
guys but you see so much stuff I can't
read things if I start watching Star
Trek the films or the TV show where do
you really begin with Star Trek's is
digital xanax
see it's not of TV shows I would I would
go straight to season three of TNG TOS
well I like TOS I can see where someone
might not think it's aged well cos sure
sure I think I mean there's a lot of
redeeming qualities but sure there's a
there's a lot TNG season one I know
Tiberius Kirk in the chat disagrees with
me entirely season one is awful of TNG
season two's a big improvement but it's
not like a uniform improvement it's like
half the episodes are really good and
half the episodes are really bad for
Star Trek TNG season two sure so I would
just start straight away at T&G; season
three it's not like it's not like
there's a long ongoing story you need to
worry about with TNG right so just go
straight to season three
and then if you like that if you watch
season 3 yeah I'm liking that then you
can take a peek at seasons 1 & 2 if you
want TNG seasons 1 & 2 are terrible I
disagree with - season 2 of T and G has
some of the best episodes in the series
measure of a man and what's the Ryker
if serving on a Klingon ship exchange
program it's not code of honor is it
that's a good episode whatever it is
whatever I'm so that is that's a good
one and that season two there's some
great episodes in season two matter of
Honor a matter of Honor
all right
after you get through T&G; then you can
take a look at the original series and
if if the original series feels dated to
you check out deep space 9 that's my
order I think that's fine order it's
fine order
thank you
I tried the movies and you didn't like
them well the TNG movies especially
don't it all convey what the series was
like when they made the TNG movies they
decided to turn them into stupid action
movies and that's that's kind of what
Star Trek has been ever since the TNG
movies it's been stupid action it's
really depressing
the the original series movies they're
their hit or miss
Wrath of Khan is really good but that's
another one that I don't think is really
indicative of what the TV shows were
like graphic on it's very space opera II
yeah but like uh like it had that great
oh great there's great to the spaceship
battle at the end I think was very was
very Star Trek it's far better than all
of your multi ship fucking the Star Trek
discovery do you does this little cat
and mouse game that Kirk and Connor
playing with each other and it's nebula
the submarine style combat yeah was
fucking awesome
yes intense in a way that these
explosions could never be I agree
I have a problem I need to get out of
here now I've completed my mission
but now I need to leave and I don't have
an accent
wait I can just blow this up
right I don't know I'm looking at the
chat I have no idea what's going on in
your game right now
yes that's what I need that's what I
need
good work jack I did yeah I mean that
was sloppy as fuck you did it but I did
it I'm killing everyone and hiding in
the bushes absolutely that's my stealth
game
rather Kaunas such a good movie
Wrath of Khan Isaac but I I mean like I
get what you're saying like with space
operas but it's just such a fucking good
yeah that'd be your first in Star Trek
it's not about an ethical dilemma it's
not about a mystery it's the
Shakespearean drama I want to get
revenge on in this movie dick and space
except for Kirk his Moby Dick Fergus
Curtis the whale yeah it's a little bit
BS because I actually got caught and
thrown out of the ship once but
apparently I didn't do enough to Rend
blew up part of the ship but didn't do
enough to raise an alarm so I still want
good I'll take it oh you oh do you have
switch characters
oh no oh that I did that with someone
else
okay so that that person I did it with
is now a legend but I still have my dude
so can you lose your dude yeah because
he becomes a legend like when you for
doing too good yeah if you I think if I
think and I've never actually completed
a personal mission but I think if you
complete a personal mission you lose
your dude that sounds awful with all of
his stuff that sounds awful yes but I
don't know like I got my personal
mission maybe I could try you know what
I have some good weapons too
let's try my personal mission let's see
what happens
see if I do
no you have to manually retire him okay
see what we need for our personal
mission here we've seen the future
content roadmap the developers released
for Friday the 13th the game says turbo
Jesus 5,000 you have I have it I'm now
out of it
it's not to say I couldn't jump back and
but playing XCOM knowledge playing Mario
rabbits before that after after that
maybe I can't take a look at this I've
kind of moved on you have your own game
roadmap that doesn't include right this
is what you're saying right you know I
and they gave us the emote update and
they have introduced the swimsuit DLC
and I hopped back on actually like
yellow yeah and it was really cute to
see everyone in their swimsuit even
though it cost like three bucks or five
bucks whatever to get those into DLC and
I played a couple rounds and I agree
with you I just didn't feel it I just
didn't feel it anymore and maybe we need
a new map like if you can give me a new
map oh maybe that's an excuse to get in
but I don't care about swimsuits yeah
Ricketts wits I don't know I don't know
what I am gonna read that tip it's just
potentially do like who is your favorite
person in RL m these are all my friends
right
I'm not gonna rank them like objects I
mean but you could just say yourself
yeah that's the way out of that yeah
it's me I'm my favorite person that
Arlen there you go madam says Jack I've
been freelance editing recently and it
has been very lucrative nice
congratulations I'm thinking about doing
it full-time and pursuing more clients
should I get an LLC how do I make the
jump to full-time a wing and a prayer my
friend yes get an LLC right away it
really helps for taxation purposes and
everything then can become business
expenses which the more write-ups you
have the better for tax reasons
there's lots of good reasons to get LLC
so yes as far as making the switch to
full time there's a man fuck that's
that's a really tricky thing because
once you start going full freelance 100%
of the time you never sleep again
because every job could be your last job
for the next couple of months and it's
incredibly stressful I think worth it
but also it works out for me and you
know my wife works as well so so like
that's how we made that work so good
luck good luck man but yeah yeah I mean
if I could get an LLC just for now you
can start writing off part of your home
like you can start writing if you have a
home office you can write off a little
bit of your energy expenses because
that's going towards the business you
can write off if you if you're in a
creative field you can write off in any
movie you go to your cable services here
you can write off a bit of your internet
your cell phone like there's so many
getting and by the way a quick tip find
yourself a tax person
find yourself a person that knows these
kind of tax stuff and listen to them
worth every penny the hysterical
reaction to discovery including from
rich makes me wonder what the hell is
the matter with Star Trek for an offense
action drama humor good production
values and all they squealers know it's
stupid now for one I praise the
production values yeah it's really good
I don't watch Star Trek for action star
trek fans don't watch Star Trek for
action it was never an action series
this is a recent development because
they're trying to be good lowest common
denominator of Star Trek and in fact
historically when Star Trek the non
action series are trying to be in action
series in the Star Trek The Next
Generation movies they've failed
spectacular yeah up then it took them
all the way until JJ came around to
completely reboot the series to make
them action friendly and then you have a
what one and a half success ratio I
wanted a half out of three drama yeah
there's more to drama than just people
being miserable and humor finally humor
there was no humor and Star Trek
discovery there was no levity I don't
know where you're seeing this Liberty it
does not exist the JJ movies had them
but yeah I like Star Trek 2009 and
Beyond yeah yeah so my my only like Star
Trek the Star Trek my complaint is the
complaint that a lot of people have
which is it is a very good space action
movie it's not necessarily a Star Trek
thing but it's very good beyonders more
is
Star Trek
and quite ready for my personal mission
we're gonna keep going at the heart
missions
but I could appreciate it two of the JJ
movies but give the kind of action trick
but I I see them as more just fun
nostalgia trips then this is the
direction Star Trek is going and that's
what I want to see more of zeroes this
fun movie sure yeah but when I think a
Star Trek I think of the original series
and TNG yeah those are the first things
that come to my mind not JJ Trek and to
me when I think of Star Trek TNG is yeah
but you know that's what I started
well TNG is my favorite but I like the
original series too there's some good
stuff in here ago series Square a ship
but the fact that you can look at
discovery and see humor in there
anywhere I don't see it it was violent
and depressing
see I didn't even see there's a guard
right here look at that I'm quick
inspected you see that guard there's a
guard right here yeah right there
armored guard
I wonder how fast my pod leaves if I
swap if I swap with that guard with the
armor does he die or does he just go on
my pod goes on my pod
why would you think he died might your
pod leaves okay you just need to flee
can you teleport down that hallway yeah
he won't see you there he's out of his
life side Mary stop but he's got the
filling you're good now right I'm good
now I was hoping to do something more
clever because I need I need this thing
he hasn't he has a key any okay so I was
hoping that and see now my ship is gone
no no shifts it why is the ship still
there I wasn't thinking wrench
I could have remote controlled my pot
away
like
we do it
of rescue someone
frog Waters's guys I just played Robocop
Yoshi's cookie Zelda - and ghosts and
goblins on my original NES great like I
played for hours it's only 45 minutes
while listening to you know attack on
Titan season two thoughts that's Jack
question I I like to thank on attack on
Titan it was weird
a lot of a lot of interesting stuff good
action I don't super care like about
that as a series cuz you know it's a lot
of a lot of anime tropes where it's
super overdramatic and it's long
stretches of people yelling at each
other and not looking at cool things but
you know
fine
Oh motherfucker
Hey Oh motherfucker
could they merge this with FTL wait a
minute where sometimes you can have
ship-to-ship combat Oh dog yeah gosh
dang it even I've already asked that
question
I'm being incredibly reckless
bigger it's a bit sue says if you play
lots of missions on one guy the gear
snowball makes the game too easy so you
get less liberation XP that's the
incentive for retirement
Oh clue your personal mission early and
reset quad wrench okay
I gotta get back this time problem
thinking about buying planet coaster has
anyone here play it Karen loves it right
now actually did we remember to turn
steam and offline mode did we need not
do that
yeah you're a fine we're off alone okay
but I mean in as far as just steam being
connected to the Internet
shit all right Sarah okay it's gonna be
mad at you probably well she would have
texted you right
texts we were supposed to play an
offline mode like too polite to say
anything while we're streaming cuz she
thinks we needed to be steamed in online
mode we don't we were supposed to turn
it off letting the mode so Karen could
play planet coaster did you text you
turned off gone offline mode right now
how long ago did she text you
not too long ago okay hold on everybody
let's see if this fuck's up the game
it might sorry Karen if you listen to
this later oh yeah this shit on the game
they they released the planet coaster
Halloween stuff and she's all about that
Oh oh darn for the lay for if we're
gonna how much song do you want to go I
don't know look I got nothing to do at
home she's gonna be busy playing planet
coaster so because now we can't play
heat signature because it's my game and
you're no longer connected
oh no no so but I'm pretty sure you'd be
able to play XCOM - if you would like -
all right all right oh no because
because we are in offline mode we are
unable to play heat signature

[Part III]
Oh No so but I'm pretty sure you'd be
able to play XCOM 2 if you would like to
work alright alright
oh no because because we are in offline
mode we are unable to play each
signature we are able to play X come to
you though unless she's already mad at
you in which case we log in anywhere
because there's no repairing that she's
already mad there's no turning back
we have to play one of your games all
right that we you there yeah there's no
there's no going around it right this
would be a nice test for forex blood
we'll see if it if it goes straight to
the game we did we did set it up to
automatically detect to the game so yeah
we will see you so far though we're
still at 0 dropped frames which is
frankly I mean by the way how does the
stream look for you guys does it look
the same
does it look better you know like where
do I go to change these no no it's it's
just there no no the text Oh
everything's fine here
great noticeably better on my PC well
great
how do I know that even fits perfectly
boom it's great
boom it's great great you love new
layout great I'm glad you know what I
like this new layout to change it in
though oh and Chetty yeah yeah I do
you know what I do and I will
and I'm doing game XCOM to war of the
chosen let's add that's favorites
yeah it's true
someone lloyd beets is saying in chat so
just for the record having stopped
playing heat signature for your stream
that is your job so that someone
somewhere else could play a different
game is kind of lame
yes the only reason I went along with it
is because I was getting a little tired
of it
okay is that okay what I do find is that
heat signature for me will hold my
attention for probably a good hour at a
time after that I really wane interest
until now to load the right game so oh
yeah that's right time to load up my
play whatever you want ma'am was the
game I've been playing and I mean I'm a
spare time also like making sure that
you know Karen isn't mad at rich is
important for Rich's well-being and
therefore the streams well-being Hugh
Hefner has died old old people do that
yeah I look at rich
it's the center yeah the game is there
quality quality I'm kind of like an
expert tells you what well you have to
had quite a life
arguably the best yeah I I think many
people would try to would I would be
hard-pressed to find anything anything
bad about that man's life like how do
you feel bad about you having a passing
know what could have gone better for you
Hefner
like even recently they're like just a
couple years ago there's a lovely
twitter exchange with him and like a
rapper yeah and the rapper was like hey
Hugh how'd you get so many bitches and
you know yeah and he responded with like
well firstly I have many girlfriends
because I don't call them bitches you'll
find that a little respect goes along
right now Hugh fucking man I hope you
have there's life flashes before my eyes
when I die we'd all be that lucky man
we'd all be that lucky that'd be great
Hugh is all like oh she couldn't see
anyone going into overwatch clearly a
man who has a lot of respect for women
yes I think he does like I was the
tasteful one right playboy was the
tasteful one and you know as far as I
know I guess I you know made master you
know he never forced anyone to do it
he always you know treated his bunnies
very well as far as I was as far as I
know
he helps thousands of women become rich
absolutely started many a career this is
true
riding the bullet I haven't seen it yet
I'll watch it soon enough
see which Star Trek now rich talked
about it earlier I'm done talking about
it
I'm telling breathe go go back and watch
the bit I think it was right near the
beginning of the stream too so just go
back and start the stream over later
when we're all done and you'll hear
Rich's thoughts about it we'll talk more
about it after I see it and then we can
talk a little more in depth get a little
spoilery but yeah clap that fork
that's not bad oh that's not bad at all
confirms on the move
runnin and gunnin let's see here
rickets 47 says few in rlm could do the
most pushups rich you're awesome and
you're the best part of our LM thank you
right Jay we're gonna ask the answer
honestly I don't know probably Jay
bigger and bigger
it's sub it's ooh whatever
if you play a lots of missions as the oh
we said that one great great so what's
this mission what do you got to do oh we
got ambushed on a covert mission so we
have to get to the extraction point okay
cool
yeah so saying everybody's super excited
about children about the official spooky
time coming there is uh add a couple of
the independent movie theaters they're
doing just spooky Tober all over the
place like every week every weekend in
October showing new scary movies on the
big screen
rich to put beat allusive own ice cream
please yeah nice pretty excited about
that jaye Jaye's excited about some
other movies that I've never heard of
before that he swears at the best movies
ever but but those J movies you never
know yeah bunch a bunch of movie
theaters the the Athlon and the rosebud
are doing a whole like they're playing
the Evil Dead 1981 the original evil day
not Evil Dead 2 the Evil Dead and over
at the Rose well I know it's more fun to
watch chief of it too but still to see
Evil Dead on the big screen right oh
yeah yeah to see that garbage movie on
the big screen
but slow unsteady don't want to run into
an alien while I'm foul wasted half my
ammo shooting lost that would be bad oh
yeah Jack if you kept playing Metroid on
the 3d yes yes I have which reminds me I
left my charger here oh oh that must be
a nightmare so I haven't been playing it
because I ran out of batteries oh my god
should have called me come over here and
grab the battery for you jack I love the
charger here but I have been playing it
and it's still a game that I enjoy it's
getting a little it's getting a little
repetitive alright we can get out of
here without alerting the Andromeda I
mean we will probably learn I'm running
here but it won't matter
we'll be sure we'll be at the exit good
night so dank earth of whale so yeah
it's getting to that point of me it's
just hitting like a little repetitive
and I find myself getting lost
frequently only because I haven't
figured out the get out of here puzzle
that they've presented to me yeah I mean
I like it it's a so the action never
gets never gets old and I love that
counter system i overall I'm really
happy to have it to be playing it I'll
probably stop you know like I said you
golf story comes out that's I run really
excited quite golf story
it just looks is that exclusive to the
switch that's a great question
what do we know about golf story
everyone know evac all mod rich I have
heard I a while ago I don't know it's
been a proof since that that broke
something I forgot one but I looked into
that mod like a year ago you know when
this game came out I looked into that
mod and I heard somebody say well that
fucks something up and I forgot what it
was
yet we did not talk about the new Star
Trek yet because they did not release a
new Star Trek they released a new
grimdark
from a black space shoot show that in
that in no way that isn't superficial
resemble Star Trek as yeah yes it is
exclusive to this which comes out
tomorrow and word on the street to
change the subject is that stardew
valley has been approved by nintendo and
they're just working on their release
date so we have some stuff to play look
at your armor yeah kind of looks dumb
yeah I'll be honest with you just the
helmet well look at the codpiece the
helmets kind of dumb
Jack this embed looks like shit I don't
know what that means
what am back what's an embed help me out
here help me out here because sometimes
you guys say things that I don't quite
understand someone sent us a text and it
was it was like mostly letters or a
tweet someone send us a tweet and it was
are you watching
RW on t RW and I was like what English
and hours later like oh you missed this
guy he was streaming on Twitch and I was
like you should have said something
idiot idiot
oh you were joking these tired soldiers
from the fatigue system oh oh my god so
many titles you got it you have to make
they're all fuckin every single one of
them they're exhausted Jackie ah look at
him
I know I knew you'd like my robot oh I
love him okay and the mission you get
him this is one of the old DLC is not
the not the warrior chosen uh-huh
there's a special mission that you go on
to get this robot and the enemy for that
mission is this evil AI okay the evil AI
wants this body for himself well yeah
it's a cool body when you win the
mission okay you you earn this robot and
you can change his voice to the evil AI
who has been partially reprogrammed and
forced to serve XCOM it's kind of great
that's super great oh my god I love him
and like so what class is here he's a
robot class just a whole new class
that's great
Julian that's the name of the AI sure
he's kind of he's kind of a jerk
definitely isn't like that he's being
forced to serve XCOM fiery fiery dog
poop yes rich is using the Julian place
they just said my trophy room I've got
two of the chosen dead one more to go
and I'm not doing it right now because
everybody is tired in this game
sir blandly good luck to you I have fun
watching Star Trek
is that the last chosen yeah he's
taunting you yeah
he's taunting you rich he's the least
annoying of them which is why he's still
alive michael says you've probably
answered this before but what game do
you recommend to start with if you want
to get into X come uh probably the you
the first of the reboot enemy Unknown
yeah sure you can probably eat it for
really cheap yeah yeah yeah all right
that's fair not not for story reasons
just for not being hit in the face with
too much all at once sure it's a first
you know relatively speaking just
natural evolution
XCOM enemy Unknown a little bit simpler
and do that is that is enemy Unknown
does the same as enemy within or enemy
within is the expansion they released
for enemy Unknown okay I guess you could
start with enemy within fight okay well
I want to make sure we're clear so start
with XCOM one either enemy Unknown or
enemy within was it nope uh yeah
continue training totally and no crime
here kind of morbid having the heads of
Saint Seiya sentient beings on your wall
I know but they do it maybe maybe
they're just like plaster casts like the
people are dead I think that they're the
actual hands that's that's that's
weirder that's the Reaper faction and
more of the chosen
they eat the aliens that's that's their
solution to their their war torrente
starvation problems they cook and eat
the aliens that they kill
it's war it's uh you know it's war you
gotta you gotta make some some tough
decisions so it's discovery deadly I'm
gonna give it another couple episodes
because it seems like the other two
episodes might be something entirely
different because the pilot wasn't
really a pilot it was a preamble to a
pilot you know sometimes it takes a life
for a show to find research unusual
appearance it's somehow directly
connected to its notable psionic
aptitude but you gotta know when to quit
rich as it is your time is a valuable
couple more episodes yeah the CBS all
access they'll only get me for a fucking
month yeah that's fair well you know I
see a lot of ability and I'm a colonel
Orville - and like or Orville also has a
lot of problems it does it rhymes with
Beck MacFarlane though it feels a lot
more like a Star Trek show the discovery
does it does it does they're generally
doing clever things they're dealing with
big themes they're delving into alien
civilization alien culture yeah no it
feels more like a Star Trek fan film
that it does an evolution of Star Trek
it's not terrible that's not terrible I
know it's not the worst not world it's
just you know like I like Star Trek
continues the acting is awful but Star
Trek continues is great the irvil does
have better acting the Star Trek
continues its like the Orville is like
the absolute best Star Trek fan film
sure
alright I'm done with that that Seth
MacFarlane had himself starring because
it's a fan film you have yourself star
in the family yes yes because that's
your fantasy Tiberius Kirk says tomorrow
is the next generations 30th anniversary
and the holodecks is second anniversary
so we're doing an all next generation so
show starting an hour early to get one
episode from every season in gonna be
fun
that sounds great Tiberius for those who
don't know the the movie dicks and in
this case the holodecks when we're not
streaming a hijack our chat and watch in
this case Star Trek The Next Generation
episodes if you want to watch with them
they give you how to watch them and then
you can chat with other people who is
not tired who was not tired
who was that tired
and Len flex in ski says with Star Trek
beyond being a fun movie
Star Trek beyond being a fun movie and
more in the spirit of the original than
the first two movies a lot of people
this is not bad yeah this begs the
question why was Simon Pegg not hired to
write the movies from the beginning I
don't know it's very simple Simon Pegg
is not a bankable writer while like we
enjoy Simon Pegg he if you let's let's
let's take a little journey here down
memory lane and look at Star Trek the
Star Trek
right
let's see here Oh Star Trek let's see
who wrote that later
so Robert Orci and Alex Kurtzman who did
that what did they do amazing spider-man
transformers I did some shit but they
did some shit that made money they wrote
some shit that ended up making money so
they were Bank of little blighters
transformers yep that's what they did
so that's why they got hired to reboot
the franchise Simon Pegg while a very
talented writer didn't necessarily have
the back catalogue or C and the other
guy I'm sure were very keen on listening
to Studio notes oh yeah we can make that
happen whatever you guys need
whereas someone like Simon Pegg might
have been a little harder to work
Run Fatboy Run is an adapted work
originally written by Michael Ian Black
so simon pegg didn't write that he just
loved simon pegg a localized one fat boy
wrong he didn't write it
hehe rewrote it but basically all he did
was move it from Chicago it's a London
so he could make a movie here his house
and that's the real story Oh terrible
all right that's good that's example
lloyd beets I disagree with you about
Lloyd beets says beyond didn't do well
because it was bad
convincing and I just disagree with you
I think
ganz very good fire our acid Jack what
fire or acid what's the benefits acid
burns away Armour great fire does some
debuff down over I'll go with some debug
type stuff that's fair and you know what
it's better that you do that because I
definitely would have said ass so player
because you don't want to take my advice
my gun with both I'll give her two
grenades
yeah I think V I think beyond commercial
failing was mostly because people did
not like into darkness and they were
hesitant to plop down some more money to
see another one of these movies I don't
know if this cost a turn to use
I haven't used this yet
No
Oh
two things
Nate stole Jack to get there hacking up
sure sure
and medkit to heal people absolutely
absolutely absolutely what you need
drag it around
make it effective against for robotic
apartment now you're gonna have robotic
opponents usually some I forgot I forgot
they have they the sector should be a
list of what you get I forgot
some nasty comes up in freezin I don't
have to worry about it for turn Jack
that's great
Karen wanted to play roller coaster so
they couldn't play heaps that's very
true
it is very true but also I was at the
point where I was done playing it so I'm
I'm happy that rich is playing XCOM cuz
I was done playing with it the chat you
guys seem less enthused about it so I
didn't think that it was that big of a
deal for you it's for me to stop flying
yeah
most of them normally people I know
hated beyond and loved into darkness I
don't know man
I can't yeah like we can't account for
people's taste
it's the dumbing down of Star Trek they
didn't like it because Spock didn't
scream into Benishek frozen zoo drama
drama - screaming screaming his drama
yeah yeah you look down what are you
gonna do
conversation is better with rich playing
yes I could see that is I don't talk
much play I'm just zooming that's the
point
I think so I can accept that
I don't know about that
you're better a general chitchat I do
you know I just talk a lot Mike I don't
know if I'm better at chitchat I just I
just say things
into darkness have the ham-fisted
terrorism theme that tapped a lot of
American dumbasses yeah sure sure I
don't know all I know is I didn't much
care for into darkness and I love to be
it's all I know is I don't know he's no
more
you know what's his star trek demeaning
SiC motorcycle tricks and Beastie Boys
I never said beyond was the best thing
that Star Trek has ever done that's true
yes I've said it's probably been the
best of the JJ tricks which is a
different thing but that's a different
bar to pass over absolutely absolutely
and honestly the The Beastie Boys was a
nice jab at the Beastie Boys in the
other movies blowing up the the ships by
playing the Beastie Boys yeah
was it there's a nice riff on them using
the Beastie Boys in the JH record way
Darryl Curtis steal the cars playing the
Beastie Boys Oh was it yeah oh there's a
reference to that joke now we use it
with song but using it with more purpose
oh okay nearby there's a group of
resistance soldiers hunkered down not
far from your position
oh I was cute but the the ships blown up
The Beastie Boys oh that's cute and it
had a purpose and it was clever and you
know they it was a Star Trek II thing
that it was cute
I should bring a robot
he doesn't get tired I know I should
have I wasn't thinking about it I should
have brought the Rope I always bring a
robot I meant that literally got the
robot always be bringing robots kbbr
that's a saying you should know you
can't stand the beastie boys well then
we agree we disagree on another thing
because I like to be Savoy's but you
know what I can understand that they're
an acquired taste wait they have a very
specific sound The Beastie Boys and if
you're not into them you're just not
into them but man how can you not love
ill communication how can you not love
Paul's Boutique
shredded yeah I've got an assault with
the shredding handle it's kind of nice
yeah especially against the Big Daddies
oh nice you go resistance troops holy
shit they're kicking ass got the shots
still do damage you're gonna stir this
guy
38% chance
oh no that's pretty bad I'll probably
miss only hit him anyway and I wasn't
even a Miss and a critical that was a
critical melon round that was amazing
I've got I've got I got ammo on him that
greatly increases crit chance well I
think it fucking worked guys are kicking
asses and taking it you guys aren't even
worried about taking names they're
kicking so much ass we ran out of paper
with the paper that they used to take
the names of all the asses that they
kicked but I see I see that's what I was
going for rich thoughts on this my kids
movies I've seen most of the Spy Kids
movies only because I have children and
they're not good but they're fascinating
they're kind of they're kind of
interesting like especially if you know
the history of Robert Rodriguez as an
independent filmmaker like that's when
he started just making another crit holy
fuck rich The Spy Kids movies whereas
when he just started making movies out
of his be harsh because he discovered
green screens so he just built a giant
green screen garage place it's like fuck
it guys we're making the movie here fuck
everything else and so they're either
really fascinating from a just from a
production standpoint they're they're
bad movies overall but
but pretty interesting
Jesus Christ oh did you want that cover
too bad
but nothing directs what the fuck is
Robert Rodriguez's problem he makes Spy
Kids but not direct a predator movie
Robert Rodriguez does whatever the fuck
he wants and if he felt like the studio
was interfering too much or he wasn't
gonna be able to shoot the whole thing
on a green-screen like he doesn't care
he does he just does his thing and you
got to get out of his way if you ever if
you ever like won a production book to
read read rebel without a crew by Robert
Rodriguez about his early days making
his independent DIY films really fun
read if you've ever seen a mariachi it's
good stuff good stuff
three-three better off of that do a
strike he didn't want to move away from
his family so he couldn't shoot predator
only producible right yeah he does
whatever he wants and sometimes that
means he doesn't make good movies but it
doesn't matter
apparently the dual strike doesn't
register the thing I have in the shotgun
that makes it do damage you and if you
miss hmm interesting interesting
I am Chester if you're sending
raspberry-pi cases just said what a rich
oh yeah that's till dawn since it was
fantastic I enjoy actually even his
schlocky er what was to pick that up I
was one of the desperado sequels Once
Upon a Time in Mexico have you ever did
you ever see that a long time ago but
yes and that is schlock central with
with Johnny Depp hamming it up but I
even like those movies it was
your sniper you can stay back almería
like el mariachis have really
interesting movie like watch you know
that's one of those movies were you know
you watch Evil Dead and then Evil Dead 2
to kind of figure out all the lessons
they learned from the first movie and
with Robert Rodriguez you watch
desperado and then you watch El Mariachi
you don't reverse well I suppose you do
the same with you watch evil 2 to first
and then you go back sorry I misspoke
Izzy you watch evil did 2 person you go
back and watch evil then you you see all
the little seeds and it's the same with
desperado in El Mariachi you just see
where he was going with it but he didn't
have the know-how the time or the budget
so so it's it's if you're into film
production it's a it's a great a great
little a great evening mariachi
El Mariachi was shot in sequence and all
first takes says Lloyd beats that does
not surprise me probably more to do with
not having money for film honestly it's
not a it's not an artistic choice right
oh sure and then and like also that'll
save a ton of time editing literally
take everything we have and cut it in in
order
boom
so it's it's it's fun he's a fun he's a
fun filmmaker not always a good
filmmaker but a fun filmmaker who was
made for like $7,000 I believe it you
know his Robert Rodriguez's thing is if
you want to make a movie all you have to
do is think before you write the script
you look around and you see what you
have and then whatever you have you
write a script that was Robert
Rodriguez's thing and so you know what
he had it sounds familiar actually
that's yep Robert Rodriguez had a guitar
case and a turtle that's it and so so
he's like what's the coolest thing I can
do with a guitar case okay it's filled
with guns
Kevin Smith he had access to a
convenience store he wrote himself a
movie about being in a convenience store
that's it that was Antonio Banderas and
both of those right no read cast after
cast Oh cuz I wasn't and it was not into
any of it okay you know I was wondering
about I was wondering about that
ya know just a no-name no-name actor
these guys have to be on site and soon
right
but you got the money to make it by
being in medical experiments
god bless him yes desperado was a remake
of el Mariachi it was it was him taking
this one idea and refining it which is
like like I said so you watch you watch
desperado then go back and watch al
mariachi and you get to see all the
scenes it's great and then the next day
you watch Evil Dead to go back and watch
Evil Dead see the seeds
cinnamon I know like there are slight
references to the first film but it is
essentially a remake
there we go oh yeah now kitchen look
you're a pink bullets do not harm me
that's that's fucking chosen weapon let
that painful
schmuck
all right you got a team of SHM Ickx
got a team of brutal killers Jack endo
crumb rich do unexplained tender ground
y-you missed with 740 there's a
augmentation or something like that on
the weapon yeah that miss shot still do
a little bit of damage that result down
that's what I need that's what I need
epitaxy açaí know about ruiner it
looks it looks really interesting I just
felt like playing heat signature tonight
as always there are too many games to
play and yes there was the resistance
soldiers who I'm not controlling our
overpower this kind of insane how good
their aim is there hey there on the
front line every day rich I want
whoever's training them to train my XCOM
troops
I am jester says once upon a time in
Mexico was a mess but a glorious yes it
was it's a it's that kind of mess it's
like when you go into someone's house
and there are border where you're just
like whoa this is a mess we need to take
in
once upon a time in Mexico what a dolt
what a delicious mess honey points it
out one two
ten
well you have a hundred percent yeah but
it might not kill him why not he's that
that thing's got a lot of health
relative to what that shotgun could do
it's got also got a point of our movie
the shotgun does eight to ten damage or
every night I mean I'd like ten to
twelve damage or something like that and
that chrysalids got like eleven health
is right in the fuckin middle
it's a risky shot to take if I want to
kill him but I thought all of his bits
were gone that's like the best possible
the way they do it that's the best
possible scenario oh yeah I figured that
would be at least weekend doesn't matter
he's gonna be done the farce awakens
says have either of you seen dollhouse I
just finished it for the first time in
damn that was what the shitty Matrix
sequels should have done thanks for
trucking um tonight and do an ex-con to
I have not seen dollhouse I'm sorry
alright good the trick is usually you
see dollhouse no they go sorry it's not
the the TV show I assume it's the TV
show there's a TV show dollhouse
yeah I'm assuming that's what they're
talking about yeah have you ever seen
let's do this heading out
I'm in a bad spot the Eliza Dushku show
yeah yeah that's what I thought your
school is that worried yeah that's what
her name is
Dushku heck of a name Dushku
seventy-five
that will kill more
hi just killing everyone I love it
something cathartic rich about you
you've grown your soldiers you've raised
them well yeah yeah you've provided for
them and now it's time for the payback
Chad this is commander difficulty okay
it's like that the third of the four
difficulty rolls yep it's not super
hardcore Rosa big rich a bkj studio
since I don't have the patience for
turn-based games any recommendations
XCOM you say like this is kind of the
best of both worlds where it's turn
based but you also blow up alien from
turn-based games I actually love the
pacing on these next on the new XCOM
games specifically the old XCOM is very
much micromanaging this may be what it
is a good turn-based game
I'd say Master of Orion too but not if
you're impatient really not if you're
impatient yeah but like this this has a
lot of momentum to it there's a lot of
violence there's oh there's some fun
stuff here and an ex-cop and even just
the 3d first month
helps keep you engaged even if you're
impatient
I agree Landon Wonder Woman is a fun
movie - the final boss fight crazed I
enjoy that I know that's that's out now
on DVD and blu-ray and stuff I'm
thinking about watching that again Brent
it went in it renting it over the
weekend given that another watch
dudes help me no it's too easy can you
guys uh you guys want to hop on the
plane with me and you know you can go on
some more missions yeah it's my go kill
aliens no I got some food and shit you
can come to my secret base how many
world is the only three Doug freshy says
do you guys have a Doug freshy wait do
you guys have a harder time now finding
good bad movies with the internet
compared to the VHS glory days no wait
if we have bad movies coming out of her
house but yeah they're not newer ones
they're all they've made so many shitty
movies that we've got we've got enough
80s and 70s movies and 90s movies to
last us till the end of time oh yeah and
it end with the internet it's easier to
find new ones you know we were we were
doing a we were filming the best of the
worst a little bit ago and you know we
saw a trailer for another movie and it
looked gloriously bad so like before the
trailer was over we had already
purchased it on eBay and it was coming
to us like the Internet is a glorious
thing for purveyors of terrible movies
the glories of I've got a deer who's
SPECT to have a higher than normal aim
look at that look at that that's a one
hundred percent chance to hit that's
great we went with a goddamn Gatling gun
a laser a plasma Gatling gun now I was
gonna say not just a Gatling gun rich
fuckin lasers I love her I will take
this moment to point out the stream
pedal is John hot cock no the stream
pedal is X come hot cock at the moment I
changed the stream title for XCOM hot
cock so we change it from John hot cock
Jesus fuck how many serials have you got
rich yeah well it's no shock that that I
focus attention on soldiers who get that
bonus perk mm-hmm best perk in the game
do you realize you're hoarding of new
key has pushed up the price of copies on
eBay seriously we can't help that we
cannot help that I'm sorry
it was easy no no that was that's too
easy
yeah I'm I'm a little bit let down I'm a
little bit let down that was a
retaliation mission that should've been
a challenge
I remember you fretting about that
before you went on the mist oh
everybody's tired I can't we should have
brought the robot the retaliation if you
get the ones that have the soldiers on
the ground that aren't yours that's new
to war of the chosen they didn't have
that in the last concert right I didn't
you were the only people running around
with guns yeah on your side
interesting connect in like the
resistance troops like get spooked and
shoot you by mistake I've never seen
that happen
after a mission like that spirit they're
gonna be high you don't do sandwich I
didn't grow up with these kinds of games
either like this is turn-based tactical
strategy games yeah wouldn't say I grew
up with him like a lot of them I've been
playing every once in a while I'll still
pick up I got invisible ink or my
efforts good to know I think that's a
really great achievement across pick it
up do it do a couple sneaky missions
there we go easy I got so many supplies
it's a joke
that's 651 where the supplies right now
I got 736 coming in every month oh
that's great I got I got supplies of
literally falling out of my asshole
oh oh oh why don't I use some of them
great bran flakes five four five four
seven says hey Jack and rich thanks for
the punch dreams have either of you
heard of paladin of paladin's on Steam
of what paladin's it's a quote-unquote
overwatch clone but released the same
time as overwatch and free-to-play
I never heard never heard of paladin's
I'm very sorry I was probably caught up
in the overwatch hype because I play it
kind of overwatch so everybody read the
new comic the Zarya comic today sorry I
overwatch comic
yeah there's a there's a new Zarya comic
out a little more backstory if you
remember for the Sombra for the somber
video we got a little teaser some Zarya
involvement commander the factions have
ready proposals for various covert
missions then with me since the early
game he still doesn't have a friend this
cohesion with everyone was so low I had
to just put him on a mission
specifically to raise the friendship
level didn't to get him a soldier bond
but just look at I mean look it like
it's like you wear outfits like that no
one's gonna want to talk to you very low
yeah 1.9 that's the one I got him bonded
with yeah my fuck I'm just gonna do all
of their bond raising via those covert
missions are you gonna do a blood bowl
stream uh you know I played a little bit
of Blood Bowl and and kind of liked it
it didn't super stick with me it's
interesting the Blood Bowl is like the
is like turn-based tactics but with
football and ogres so I played a little
bit of Blood Bowl 2 and it hasn't stuck
with me as much as other recent games so
it is pointing oh there you go so now
yeah now you can rotate the camera a
little bit no oh you got to make a point
oh hold on I'm just want to see what I
want to see my options are oh there you
go that's a different point I like that
I like the idea of one of them pointing
and the other one shooting at what
they're pointing at
well that's holding something in their
hand
that's not pointing at all what's the
other one where she then had a gun up
and was like I think they're too similar
oh no no when you go back
that one yeah see now she's that now if
she's pointing she's calling out they're
both they're both ducking and pointing
up doing something forward it's just too
similar okay all right I think this is
the way to go
epidemic says does it take long to get
used to the janky car movement in rocket
League janky either
what do you mean janky epitaxy cuz I I I
don't quite
I don't quite feel that it's janky it's
really smooth and fast and I described
to me janky
to me rocket League moves really smooth
let's sit here
unless you unless you're accidentally
holding the handbrake all the time then
you would slide around so that could be
it
classic brick wall cool flames
we go that's nice
describe to me the beef jerkey yep this
is a weird addition to the game people
are saying create your own propaganda
posters yeah I cuz it's neat don't need
to do it it's just stuff to goof around
with there you go yeah there you go too
much at that
yeah yeah yeah
so yeah backs I'm not go away apparently
I'm supposed to use a gamepad it's
making a true propaganda poster oh yeah
I think I think rocket League works best
with a gamepad I would I would say about
a hundred percent Oh
rise up nice
I think Richard even agree with that
rich rocket League game ed yeah yeah
yeah yeah I got to use the gamepad use
whatever you feel comfortable with but I
don't mind using a gamepad for the
rocket leagues I think I think it would
be harder to use mouse and keyboard for
rocket League
I think game pads the way to go let's
complementary to purple cream right yeah
we got a dark purple so you gotta get a
dark green
I only have so many darkness options
check
rise they're saying rise up is redundant
I decide that it's redundant but I like
rise up is a good message
- bride
I guess no filter
but basically this is this is fire fire
axis Firaxis saying hey you know what
the kids like Instagram filters let's uh
let's just make them uh kids uh seem to
really like taking pictures and putting
filters on
that's fine that's a great that's a
great propaganda picture rise up the
ultimate fireteam where they just kind
of good friends they're not even that
good of friends these two people
basically we have a large team here and
they're the only two that can kind of
stand each other so they go on missions
together got a covert mission out what
do we need
well Chernobyl kinsmen I agree it's just
like customizing your soldier where
there's no real gameplay benefit to it
but this helps with that emergent
storytelling where you have two soldiers
who end up bonding who go on missions
together you create the posters and it
helps build the world for you yes so
while it's it's not directly related to
any gameplay mechanic here's why it's
not here's why it's not annoying you
don't have to touch it right right it's
just there and you can ignore it mm-hmm
but it adds to the story that you're
making out these two resistance fighters
but I mean look we just made up a story
about how it like very they can barely
tolerate each other and like that's fun
that's something they'll stick with you
in the game automatically appropriate
yeah the propaganda posters oh yeah
those are fun
Pepa doc says okay I just tried playing
with a gamepad for a bit it's way
smoother and your control your speed
much better yes there you go up addicts
glad we could help
I talk about the virtues of mouse and
keyboard I'm usually talking about games
where you're aiming somewhere you're
driving yeah yeah controller windows
finds there's a good option for that
agree
yes
oh yeah dougie fresh we know about all
the months to this game just last night
just last time we played we were taking
a look at all the artificial limb mods
that you can add to your soldiers I was
having a great time playing dress-up
just the best yeah they they really
opened it up with the Steam Workshop
just hey whatever you guys want to do
we're cool ok ok
every mission there is a chance that a
resistance soldier will join the XCOM
squad boom boom that's exactly what you
need
I would love to I don't have that in
this playthrough I would love to have
the lost headshot one that would make my
life a lot simpler whilst I have one hit
just you just have to hit them wait
that's it why did that not show up in
this playthrough it's random oh I just
thought that was a lost thing you get
those perks randomly oh I did I figured
that was just like how the lost works no
oh shit well you can keep if you kill
them you can keep shooting at the loss
but yeah yeah if you don't take off
enough of their health your turn ends if
you have that perk as long as you hit
them they die and you can keep shooting
it loss right right I thought that's
just how the lost worked I don't know
that was a perk no you they have health
right yeah yeah if you can't kill them
with that shot you don't get to keep
shooting it lost more right
rich I hate the chosen as characters
Evan sure likes kicking their asses in
game I don't mind them from a gameplay
perspective mm-hmm what the concept of
these these kind of rival monster bosses
who come in and harass you when they're
hunting you down that's a good concept
it has nothing to do with the way
they're written basically the only mod
you want is to remove all of their
cutscene and dialogue so there's an
option to turn off miscellaneous
dialogue but I just want to shut them up
not everyone else
I just want to shut them up right strike
VIP huh 9 that sounds deceptively low
what do you mean like there's more gonna
show up
yep Chozen was gonna show up I don't
know just coming on this take the robot
take the robot I don't want to take them
away but what is your but what is your
tiredness work you're fine that's right
Luis Verde to any potential
XCOM to modders out there get all up on
that shut up chosen mod rich will
download it and like it and subscribe to
it this is just take out the chosen
dialogue well that's what they're saying
if there are any modders listening
that's what we want
I think this there might be something
like that I just haven't I don't have an
insult writer for whatever stupid reason
okay
figure it out rich
at all take a look at my resistance ring
sure that's good that's good all right I
don't have to worry about the aliens
making any kind of progress on the
Avatar project this month oh great
form soldier soldier form soldier bond
all right so here's my strategizing mind
those two soldiers who aren't compatible
and I'm kind of forcing them to be
because I would like them to have the
benefits of having a bond in soldier I
was gonna bring them on this mission
okay I'm not gonna do that now because
I'm worried they'll be too tired to go
on that little covert op sure the next
time I can do a covert op okay that's
right that's why I came here to check
again have your fingers in all the pies
dad you gotta fingers in all the pies
listen call me Werth time to play
dress-up again no no yeah not in this
not on this file jam you're not you're
not making my soldiers look hideous
I uh I have a rigid dress code going on
right now it reminds me of like when one
of my kids want to do something but I
don't want him to mess with my stuff
give them something that's clearly less
than you know we have so we have some
really nice colored pencils at home but
they have their own colored pencils that
are all like half broken and you use
your own colored pencils I got this
whole blueish green thing going on and
you're not fucking that up because you
want to give somebody a mohawk and a
smoking pipe uh-huh wait can I give
someone a smoke you don't think they
have that oh that's something they need
to add no I understand completely
this is this is your game this is
the Barbie dress-up XCOM screams over
next time we play this and I'm not using
my personal game that I've been playing
at home on my off time yes yeah yeah we
have it we have a save file that has
people from the chat yeah yeah there
that's the one that I'm allowed to play
with
I mean rich still goes on the missions
all the tactical stuff but I get to
dress up the silver which frankly is the
part that I like anyway so
that is it the the smoking pipe is a
great idea
it's a team effort it is cuz you know
what the soldiers still need outfits so
I'll put them in their outfits original
Tom Huus you it'll be great
some of my soldiers are hipsters too
sure I get we I'm going for a hot
chapati rich-rich has a strict uniform
policy yeah I like a little yeah I just
want to make weird thing solders
early-game just the crazy ragtag
resistance group they can wear whatever
yeah I'll be there's no there's a strict
dress code then well it's like it once I
start getting the nice armor we're a
unit now sure sure
we're we're in the uniform we have the
color scheme
good night Lloyd boots good night you
have no interest in playing actual echo
no you know like I am too all the way he
tried it he tried it I got I made it I
know you meant I mean you gave the game
a shot oh yeah you didn't just miss it
out of turn and it's yeah it's just not
my thing I would like it to be my thing
I know there's a lot of enjoyment to be
had out of it but overall I think it's
just not for me I get I understand
completely though how someone could be
absolutely obsessed with this game
absolutely yeah so I'm like
unquestionably obsessed with this game
how obsessed can you get through this
game how obsessed can you get what you
got like what you got like this much
obsessed
that's how obsessed I want soldiers who
I don't want to use on the next mission
right who aren't tired and this is
difficult
yeah it's difficult like I want to use
him on the night I'm gonna hold you to
that other DLC mission max but I haven't
done before okay so I don't wanna use
him I I don't want to use my absolutely
fuckin badass Irish grenadiers yeah
she's great she's fucking awesome
but she also should rest
she all said she needs like look at this
she needs to resume or the next mission
all right
you could take you but then your bond
partner here is tired so I don't want oh
yeah that goes yellow too
now I need some half-decent rooster
coming
it's your tire that's mine okay
see the fatigue system it also makes for
a bit more work when you're deciding who
goes on what mission
but it's DEP it comes at cost right it
comes this it's depth that comes at a
cost
well you talked about this earlier it's
it comes to the cost of you of you
bonding with your phone yes yeah because
you don't have old reliable yeah you
don't have sharp shots she was you be on
every fucking mission him and her yeah
just kick an ass together right I never
mission I could but they want you to
take this X yeah yeah I get it I get it
and you're a little bit tired but you
decent troops and I don't want to go
everyone lower level so you're gonna be
tired after this mission I can deal with
that yeah oh and then the robot Oh ever
guess I grow up I'm not I am not used
I'm not used to the robot and now
because I'm okay here's another thing
because I'm constantly cycling through
different troops I I can't like everyone
always they always have the Astra
grenade well that's my ass I call I
can't bring my ass cremate her dead
person the tired so I'm I also the other
thing I have to do before every mission
I was like well who's not tired and and
thinking ahead well I want this person
to be ready for the next mission sign
out and and so and on top of the
personnel headaches yeah that comes up
fatigue I have to redo the items like
every mission who's carrying water I
redo every damn mission to be fair
though I remember doing that on my
player of X comes to as well just
because I wanted access to everything
yeah I remember always redoing items I
had Sun which is like you're gonna have
this sure you're gonna have this and
you'll what you always happen yeah
how is it that I want to see the third
Thor movie but have no interest in
Justice League
tell that to any comic book fan ten
years ago and they'd laugh II out of
existence right right
you know I don't have a Grenadier it's
dumb do not
Wow
Wow um but but that like that's where we
are that's where we are right now and
yeah Justice League looks dire even
though they've done a million and one
reshoots they've done so many reshoots
that Joss Whedon is now getting a
writing credit which is insane but will
will it be will there be enough justice
leave look League left over to hobble
together a decently but no or three
looks like a lot of fun we're coming up
on that right
then I don't have Ranger oh my god this
is balancing these oh my god it's nuts
it's not as easy as 1 2 3 anymore I
think that might be a good thing and
then um I guess this is a good problem
to have all the Burnet bonus perks I
have no idea who has what oh yeah
surreal is a potential nice how about
targeting
let's go I need the freeze your stay in
scenario
yeah hagas message make some fucking
noise thanks a massive man just relax
just have a good time
shit drink some orange juice they say it
intensifies tracer rounds your name
should already be good committee I'm a
piercing
you can take them oh shit beginner
all right should this be the last one
then the last minute sure sure I mean if
you absolutely need to we leave now you
want to start reading names while I'm
doing those yeah oh but I can't
no magic to this mission how long
exactly
I don't know for sure it's getting late
we'll see how full bar things get
sorry hey I can do this all night
that's what Welling I didn't know like
you know because I know I also know what
Karen's doing tonight he's gonna go home
Karen will still be hip deep in the
planet coaster Halloween
it's fun to see rich struggle to make
decisions of XCOM it's only a matter of
a couple of hundred more hours before
he'll make these decisions with ease
rich I want to say your total number of
time in just XCOM two alone is over two
hundred and you're still you know very
carefully making these decisions I don't
think that careful decision-making goes
away with time Chad I think that's the
part that rich likes this why I've
gotten through the base game on
commander with literally zero losses
literally zero makes time and thinks
about things I have I have had a perfect
XCOM to commander Ironman that's pretty
nice I didn't have to abandon once if I
ride this mission it just was not gonna
happen on sometimes a sometimes the best
strategy is a tactical retreat yes
that's exactly what it was
soldier carrying my tail and rounds that
died so I lost those took a took a while
before I was able to get another set of
talons
right over here
okay the VIPs already with me which is
nice
whatever and nothing
finally spider-man 2 this is homecoming
um oh oh I would prefer a homecoming
though I think spider-man 2 is a very
good movie but homecoming you know watch
why not both
what's both Iron Man 2 vs. spider-man 2
goes to spider-man 2 Iron Man 2 was more
of Iron Man 1.5 like Iron Man 2 was kind
of a half of a movie like the half of
the movie that existed before the
Avengers Iron Man 2 was like oh shit
people like these movies let's quick
make another one
I don't think Iron Man 2 was a mess I
just think it was it was light it was it
just wasn't a lot you know
villain was was unremarkable I mean I
got I know that's like a Marvel thing in
general but the villain was unremarkable
Tony didn't really do much it was you
know kind of a personal journey
it's one of the chosen this mission just
got a little more dangerous stay on top
of its position and try to take it out
to see my spider-man - no spider-man -
dr. octopus we get with a lot of Peter
Mary Jane stuff the the biggest problem
with spider-man 2 was the was the weird
rules connecting his want to be
spider-man and that dictating him having
the spider-man powers that was like
spider-man - fine fine fine
I psyched to bar
I forgot a lot you kind of lost it right
because he doesn't want to be spider-man
anymore because it's messing up a person
and because he doesn't want it it makes
his super strength go away is you know
obviously ridiculous but I also think
that that got a lot right as far as
spider-man was concerned because that is
what a lot of spider-man is it's like
personal drama getting in the way of him
being spider-man I don't think they
handled it perfectly
I think homecoming did a lot of that
better but spider-man 2 is still fine
moving to position
yeah homecoming homecoming is is
absolutely and this I liked the Sam
Raimi's spider-man movies but homecoming
is the best
as ridiculous as man wearing pajamas and
shooting webs out of their wrists
fighting goblins rules were established
he got superpowers it's not ridiculous
cuz that's the MEMS be the rules but
then the rules changed that he could
choose not to have superpowers just by
choosing so yes it is more ridiculous
than a man in pajamas with webs coming
out of his wrists
I'm as graceful as a gazelle yep
he's really called it
let's move already
on your order
that was a good scene I like the intro
from just coming out of nowhere trying
to kill Tony
yeah well I'm like remember they this
was all just like shit this is gonna
work we need to put something out there
while we get the Avengers ready so they
had a little more world building to do
they had a little more setup to do and I
just needed to you know basically Iron
Man 2 was them treading water while they
recalibrated their plans because
initially they have a Hulk movie me and
the Incredible Hulk movie being the
their kind of showpiece for the event
rather than that fell through and
suddenly out of nowhere a character that
was relatively obscure was the most
popular movie ever and they needed to
readjust sometime Davis
so that's what the Iron Man 2 purpose
was for them to tread water it's all a
bunch of behind the scenes sheet
Tiberius Kirk you are incorrect
Incredible Hulk was meant to be part of
the MCU the one with Edward Norton that
was part of the end that it I mean
technically is still part of the MCU
is that helped movie any good I thought
it was pretty boring I thought the
Edward are talking it was fairly boring
I prefer the Angley Hulk movie even
though that one got weird but
live Taylor hasn't showed up since but
who just showed up in a civil war the
bad guy not the bad guy what was it was
the general from movies was the main
Thunderbolt Ross general Ross yeah
these legions of war he's now the
secretary of state or whatever and so in
civil war
I know where you are
punks and we're reading tips I just pick
out we're probably not gonna have enough
time to get to them all at this point
what tips unless you're really know we
just loves being caught up we have a guy
you know all right yeah we are that
shows how much I remember of B
Incredible Hulk The Incredible Hulk is a
really boring movie anonymous says in
talking about Mario Plus Rapids I said
that it's like if Pixar and DreamWorks
teamed up to make a movie it's obvious
which things came up with what does it
feel more like a Nintendo or Ubisoft
movie soft again neither of them have
made a turn-based strategy that I mean
familiar with so it doesn't particularly
feel like either of their games it feels
like XCOM but you jump on people
red
and Tomcats 2096 says enjoy this mere $2
from a pork pants just now I've been
working late on projects and you guys
are great to have around what do you
think about James Cameron's planning a
zillion avatars nobody cares
I know he recently started the filming
I'm the next avatar right I cannot
remember the name of two people from
Avatar
name two characters from the Avatar
movie novel no a character's no I can't
do it nope no no one can no one cares
about those movies
the blue yeah the blue reppin the blue
rabbit and the guy that turned into the
blue rabbit boom
so that's it that's no no no one no one
wants this except for James Cameron and
I don't even know why James Cameron
Rises he's going through his midlife
crisis
no his midlife crisis was diving in the
ocean that's how that's why he made
Titanic so he could dive in the ocean
because that's what he wanted to do
Oh
unobtainium yes the best character from
avatar is unobtanium
got it covered
you can never escape my sight jack thing
is how it was so successful what Stephen
King book are you most interested in a
film adaptation today that's going to
happen I I don't hear about Stephen King
books I think Stephen King's a pretty
spotty writer overall and we already
have the shining oh that's another one
that they're showing during spooky tober
in the movie theaters they're showing
Pet Sematary I don't remember anything
about Pet Sematary which do you I
remember there was a graveyard that
brought a kid back away right my god I
don't remember anything about Pet
Sematary
got me
so but I do I do not care about Stephen
King his writings or his writings that
get at that adapted into movies I hear
it is good I still haven't seen it
because I don't care about it
thank you
yep
burning
this unit is relatively
I already was dumb setting that area on
fire yeah I need to get up there Oh yep
then they'd be really dumb they said
more of it all right
oh you're fine you can go around
it takes yeah I could see what you
wanted
I was a life is shit
good night on qualify barred
dr. smoke trees says Stand By Me The
Shining is sham green miles amidst it
Pet Sematary Carrie Christine yeah who
cares about Stephen King adaptations
exclamation point Farscape now someone
in chat named all the Stephen King
adaptations that are utter garbage
I'll start Tommyknockers Langille ears
Dark Tower just because Stephen King
writes something doesn't mean it's going
to be a good adaptation and remember
Stephen King hated Kubrick's version of
The Shining and fought against it
so that's what like I will wait until
someone says like a like like it I will
probably end up saying because people
say it is a good movie it has nothing to
do with it being a Stephen King
adaptation which I bet if you if you
tallied up all of his adaptations it
might be straight 55th good or not good
now I like Shawshank and I like The
Green Mile God that might have had a
little more to do with the filmmakers
Shawshank is very different from the
book boom
don't forget stand by me I won't forget
stand by me
rich managed to kill two of the other
chosen
surprise
oh nice
shredded acid burn poison
xiu'er VN hero says Stephen King is
prolific he can write a lot quickly that
is what is interesting about him i-i'll
give you that I'll give you that his
output his work ethic has to be admired
the man works he makes it he makes stuff
you need something made he'll make it
see we got here the blue reviews is hey
Jack rich I wanted to say I love the
Lego clean up stream don't take this the
wrong way but it was a good background
stream what are the best things you or
your pigs made from Legos
oh they make stuff all the time
they come out they come up with really
neat ideas my favorite is when we'll
like watch a movie I've here it is one
will watch a movie and then all of a
sudden they need to create whatever it
is they saw in them there's a lot
there's a lot of fun stuff recently
might when my kids were watching me play
Friday the 13th they actually made a
Friday the 13th house like with windows
that the guys could crawl through and we
got a little Lego Jason and they made a
little scene that feels a little like a
car that they could start they'd built
out of Legos like a battery that you
could find it was a glorious little
scent a little Friday the 13th scent so
I really like that about it who's that
person just walking around
and yes biscuit is the best
oh sure
the time oh shit oh that's just the
resistance interview do you take photos
of my kids finished Legos work yes of
course of course I take tons of pictures
chicken flavored chicken not my call
glad to see your east vain attempt at
saving people commander
what are you doing Legos get stuck
together you get the the orange brick
separator yeah a lot of the newer bigger
sets come with a little tool that is
specifically a brick separator if I see
a wedge on one end and it has little
stickers on the other end stickers like
a tour that you can use to kind of pry
your Legos apart if they're if that
doesn't work usually I'll get a knife
and just very gently make you know make
my way into one of the cracks
going
how long is the brick separator been
around a few years now it's great though
it's a great addition
what state did I grew up in I grew up
right here right here in Wisconsin
what's a brick separator it's a it's a
Lego tool and it looks kind of like an
orange wedge tool and it's specifically
meant for separating Lego bricks that
get stuck together like if you have a
1x2 the rectangle that's like 1/2 thick
and you put two of them together they're
really hard to get apart because they're
so small picking apart
that wasn't a resistance open shop
so it's like a butter knife that you pay
for no no you don't pay for it it just
comes with a lot of sense now I suppose
you could pay for it if you wanted to
but it's just a lot of the the sets it
just comes with we have a bunch at home
just randomly because they they've come
with so many cents
No
ready to rock
yeah Jordan I've answered this question
a few times the the quick story is I
first met Mike and Jay when we were in
Milwaukee both making videos I met
everyone Mike and Jay were making videos
and I was making videos and we had a
mutual friend and they needed someone to
act in one of their videos and they said
hey you'll do it and I said sure and we
had a woo kill him in one hit oh now
that was possible
is that your robot yeah so then I
started you know helping them with their
videos they started helping me with my
videos and eventually I met rich cuz he
started coming up
Bathurst I thought I had enough help the
tankers we had to throw at me but nope
yeah
you're coming out with me all right I'm
dumb dude Matt no lien we can save the
names right Kareem that's gonna way
sure yeah yell redneck stream okay
that's fine right that's fine it is
midnight yeah you left the robot robot
the robots dead well the robot robot was
dead injured he's dead I'm Harlan har la
ck
I have like a yellow picture with a
little robot guy with an octopus arm on
it
my friend Louis is whole I think but you
can try to friend me I try to clean it
up every once in a while why are you not
ending fast enough
you did such a bad job with anything I
know no I did a terrible job I failed
the mission Maivia biga died it is and
so the game actually crashed so you
wouldn't so he wouldn't save that it's
gonna restart you
that's part life death as well some
would say it makes the rest now it's a
row
all right all right I'm done all right
hey let's let's see if this other button
works as we are testing out the web
design
how do we actually stop streaming I
don't know but they can probably still
hear us say this I know
well you press this dream button where's
this Oh was that much and in the stream
no that just puts it back there that
didn't end the stream
