Aug 23, 2017
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/172465832
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/172479131
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlDlgAh1Z7U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fen2W_2MxpI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/900461775384170496

[Part I]
hello this is the Diddy Kong Racing
welcome the up the recent update the
Diddy Kong Racing there were some
expensive changes to the game welcome to
the Diddy country gosh dang it what
happened ok we're supposed to start six
I said six
oh my god because in my head it's like
Oh plug it in plug it in get ready to go
right so here's so which where do we
start with the technical difficulty
camera ok so the camera is where we
started work because we got the new show
the bush on the box we got the new
Elgato cam link which is supposed to
turn any camera with an HDMI out into a
web camera and we've had lots of issues
with our web camera so as you guys know
we have issues with our web camera all
the time and I have but the SLR hanging
out I have a GoPro hanging out that I
rarely use and so I said well shit well
plug that in it'll look a lot nicer we
won't have to deal with the stupid
webcam everything will be great and we
plugged it in and we did get an image
right out of the box but the image was
what was it there was nine stretched it
was 1920 by five 65 20 I think right it
was nuts it stretched out the image and
there was no way of changing it in
camera cuz obviously that's what we
thought it was at first so we brought a
different camera in and it also did the
same thing for that camera
and there was no way to change it in the
in the what do you call it there's no
way to change it in the options in OBS
and so something somewhere is wrong jack
since you're still playing pub g have
your views changes at all since the
review or has the game grown on you guys
if anything my review has been more has
been more negative since the review
why are you playing enough that's a
great question I don't I don't think you
ever dislike the game and I'm kind of
shocked you gave it a negative here's
why I can perfectly articulate for you
everything that I think is wrong with
the game yeah I cannot properly explain
to you what I get out of it that doesn't
mean you don't get something out of it I
think if you enjoy it you have to give
it a least pause yeah I like it but if I
can't explain it then it must not be a
strong enough feeling and you know like
I I do like the tension and I do like
you know the the one life matters but
the bullshit deaths outweigh the things
I like about it no matter what and I I
have been playing less unless I have
gotten more than twenty hours I thought
I'd get about twenty hours and I'm
getting close to thirty but to be fair
for my negative review I did give
cooperative play a big thumbs up I gave
that a great sub I like playing with the
team I'm just not a very social person
right it's not really for me well that's
the other thing is playing in a group
has been a lot of fun yeah and we we
always seem to get some some streams out
of it
so but it's just one of those things
where every time I'm done like if I play
around to this game it 98% of the time
ends in a horrible frustration yeah yet
I find myself wanting to pick it up
again and I don't really know why see I
had a really good game once yeah you had
so much fun playing this through stream
the other day yeah I actually fired this
game up like two days ago
really I played one match yeah I had
seven fucking kills and I was talking
yeah I was actually talking about the so
this is no news to use I'm being your
edging
yeah it's seven kills it'll be for one
of them they were clearly Idol one of
them so there was still six very legit
kills okay cool
I went through that whole adventure with
cars and I got to the end I'm ranked
ninth and I died it wasn't even a
bullshit death okay I was in a shootout
with somebody and I just I just lost the
exchange okay all right that's fair and
even though all it was an amazing match
and I had six kills as a Oh I lost and I
there was like no satisfaction in there
for me not even I mean six kills or
seven kills in a car I lost sure but you
can't even take you can't take solace in
your in your achievements
I could play doom and kick everyone's
ass and feel really good about it yeah
yeah yeah I don't want to play with me
come come and play which isn't a very
good loser I didn't like throw a fit I
just didn't come out of it feeling very
good well yes to me if I can get top ten
I'm pretty happy and I can get I get top
ten fairly often
boom jean-luc Picard welcome to the
group who else wants to play come and
play with me we need at least a team of
four I think
humberto Cabbage Patch says I watched
the last vampire on earth last night I
was on prime oh my god that came out
that they came out is the greatest if
you guys finally get to see it you guys
finally get to see the last Empire on
earth that's right
that is not as funny bad as the room but
still pretty great mmm the Somme mixing
was the worst part
fucking infuriating mmm the acting it's
totally the acting I think for us and
the writing and the casting just just
that guy that guy oh as the hunk the
hunky sexy vampire is amazing
agreed agreed that guy's the hunky sexy
vampire someone will have to invite me
because that my my thing isn't working
so if you want to play with me you'll
have to invite me because my Steam
friends lists isn't working so far it's
just me and Jean Luc Picard
everyone else that says do your offline
or and make sure your agency or your
your number or whatever at the bottom I
don't care if they want to stream snails
you do what you want to do
I can't another four with some Chad
stream snape they work together well
shit now that you told me you're gonna
do it hold on when was that and do
anything I do I need to add a need to
add a text okay okay hold on everybody
now that someone told me they're gonna
stream tonight me we gotta we're gonna
work on this yeah so we're gonna put
this white bar right there you have to
find like a different room or something
to write how does this work
the information is already kind of out
there isn't it is it I don't I don't
know how this works
no I think every time we go into a game
it tells you like what game you're in I
think all right all right you know what
and I also don't really know how this
works
so there I put that there so maybe
that'll stop some people maybe that'll
stop some people if not listen I'm not
gonna worry about it too much
nope match back Fiero says hey you
hacked frogs hello last vampire on earth
was great yeah was I also wanted to say
happy birthday to my girlfriend ELISA
hey Lisa turn 30 today congratulations
welcome to 30 you did it last night
higher on earth I I don't think I wish
you guys would have more properly set up
our first viewing experience because
obviously there's no way to recreate
that
hi everybody according to this everybody
is offline so if you want to get in I
don't care like we need two more people
I need to play with two more people get
in on him
all right so our first experience do you
need to make room on your friends list
to add more I hate you I just added a
bunch well the people were actually
watching now me the ones you'd want to
add oh yeah just get rid of all these
and what people send you a new invite
alright alright I just hit I just hit
ignore oh sorry my allergies are acting
up because Karen's still out of town
she's taking her time getting back yeah
and so I'm taking care of the fucking
cat oh that's a that is something to do
with this
oh I'm sorry rich I just isn't out of
that fucking apartment as fast as I can
be then I am very allergic to cats
sure it's crazy how much it stays with
you two new invites accept and accept
okay I just accepted two new friends
come and join me in pub key Jack finish
the story that's true
doing the costume hold on we're getting
Jimmy mcawesome in here and then we need
one more and pipe Oh pipes pipes our
Savior okay so you guys hang out for a
second cuz I wanna I wanna I do want to
tell this last vampire another story
before we get stuck yeah oh yeah yeah so
we were having just a bad movie night
and I don't know if it started with last
vampire on earth or what it was but it
was actually outside they had set up a
big projector screen and it was a bunch
of us outside it was great it was
perfect and they and someone said hey we
got the last vampire on earth and the
shock aw and disbelief at it all was
monumental cuz like it's the the screen
was on the side of a building and we're
watching this outdoors and we're just
like is anyone else seeing this we were
convinced at least I was I was hardcore
convinced this was a Christian twilight
more importantly a Jehovah's Witness
twilit because like they went to church
yeah it had more or less in yeah and
then all the sudden I
of fucking nowhere she has AIDS we
started throwing chairs ripping up the
grass swearing so loud the the sheer
shock and awe that she had AIDS what it
was it was nuts and she can't she kills
people it was amazing
the last vampire on earth is it was a
mate it was just it was it was a
mind-boggling experience alright let's
let's go guys let's do this we got our
squad super yes she had super AIDS it
was that was one of those things and
actually this was this was the movie
that rich and I were talking about a
while ago when we talked about watching
a movie recently and we weren't
recording ourselves I am so upset we
weren't recording our initial reactions
we it would have been like it would have
been like monkeys at the zoo that just
did a bunch of coke it was nuts
the cat sang Twilight it was the
Christian Twilight bears here's the
thing yeah Twilight is still a movie
about vampires yeah we thought this is
like a Christian Christian movie
designed specifically to convert people
who thought they were watching something
like Twilight yeah my going through is
gonna be like instructions on how you
find Jesus at the end and how Jesus will
cure you of being a vampire yeah that's
what we thought it was going my going
theory was that they were going to
convert the vampire to to being a
Jehovah's Witness right and that was
gonna take his vampire away she was
gonna be a normal Christian after that
exactly what we thought it was going and
and like all the clues were there weird
weird Church yep
all right you need you need the chatter
squad hey squad hey pipes thanks for
thanks for watching my 6 3 & 9 also my
12 sometimes that's true pipes you
weren't you are here for the winner
winner chicken dinner pipes you missed
that you got a lot you got a lot to
prove pipes
okay ready wait where's everybody going
I don't see the other blips on the radar
or the other behind you
where are you guys are you guys going to
the other side oh shit okay just survive
and we'll find each other survive this
is going great so far
we're doing great we're doing great son
of a Borch I do I got no guns in here
okay guns no guns
oh that's what a shotgun apparently
we're supposed to see a plane fall apart
yeah the more comically it falls apart
like just blatantly oh yes that's that's
that's just gold standard comedy oh yeah
yeah well shit I'll see you know someone
see if they can find a car everything's
okay Jack has a leather overcoat you saw
a boat okay that's helpful
you mean you have the best weapon in the
game is it strange that we can talk to
each other even though we're all so far
apart oh you got radios it's fine
video games yeah you're wearing a vest
you get that vest and I think you have
it on yeah I have on a different vest I
was oh oh you found another one I I was
trying to
what I was trying to see if I could put
this vest in my what do you call it
backpack Oh Jean
oh no when someone's dead already who's
thinking oh maybe who keeps saying aids
someone who's not gonna be a part of the
squad next run that must be Jimmy Mikasa
men yep it is alright there it is
alright we'll put up with you this time
I can see the little speaker thing next
to your name when you say AIDS Jimmy
oh you're almost dead
you know what good you're not even
saying it the funny way oh my god was so
far away some is there just someone near
us who sang aids yeah we have to kill
him
how near us is he if we can hear them
great okay now we need to find a car
pipes isn't trouble you have to get the
pipes okay great I'm gonna see if I can
find a car then someone must be stream
sniping us I'll see if I can fix my
thing later it's not covering the
numbers in the bottom of the toe good
thank you
oh it's alright no worries I'm just
looking for a car okay I'm going to the
boat I'm coming I'm coming to water this
is rich not playing this time well if we
knew what was going to happen well for
one we would have brought the n64
controller but we got you know we also
would have brought the other computer we
thought we totally thought we're doing
Diddy Kong yeah that was the plan oh
there's only the one PC here honestly I
think it's just more entertaining with
Jack playing to be just perfectly honest
why would you say that rich what makes
it entertaining when I play that's it
that's exactly what it is bitch I mean
look how great we're doing so far I had
seven kills on my last outing yeah all
right hmm but I didn't have anyone to
watch my six that's true there you go
and that's what you bring to the group
dynamic a lot of six watching yep riches
my riches not lying I saw that he's a is
he up at the
I'm gonna be honest I didn't even know
you could do that Bobo in the door yeah
it happened to me that's how I know well
I got the AIDS guy he's in a better
place now all right rock and roll
yeah it's really helpful I'm blowing
open doors like that because then
there's no there's no sneaking up on you
yeah he didn't even have a gun like his
all his whole purpose in life was just
getting close to me so he could yell
aids yeah I know it's not even funny
right he's just saying a word it's a
word I say much funnier no sound like a
troll you say it like that grossly
overdramatic like right hold on rich I
think you were you just auditioned for
rent you're good you take this horribly
like just dramatically terrible thing
and then you just you play it up as
cheap melodrama that's funny no you're
doing it wrong a lot of people doing
wrong rich what are you gonna do
run away in a chickadee
so is that the plans you kind of get out
south of the farm and yeah
hopefully everyone's heading to the
circle by now wolf eighty-three says hey
Jack hey rich I got my replacement
Wallace Mouse for the rival 500 feels
great
oh good love all the buttons do you use
SteelSeries engine macros to assign your
buttons
thanks for recommendation yeah I don't
remember what the name of the software
was it is a steel serious piece of
software when I looked into how to find
the mouse buttons two keys but I I have
them all bound two keys like ones on the
right side that aren't usually used by
games like jko PL all of my my mouse
keys are bound to that which is why when
people see me stream and I rebind Keys
like what's here okay what is he using
Jay that's so weird you know that's cuz
it's not my mouse yeah oh I see I see
the Jeep
coming for your pipes
so yeah
sorry hey good all right Texas Panhandle
or says hearthstone is my pub gee I like
the idea of it and there are aspects of
it I enjoy but it's hard to really be
good at it and I start getting
frustrated until I both loved and hated
simultaneously hearthstone yeah yeah
yeah that's fair the only difference is
how you know hearthstone is free I'll
take this over Call of Duty oh my god oh
right you're right but you know what we
made it look at that we were riding that
blue line all right where we going you
want to check out this house
well was that you yeah okay you just
like scaring us every now and then don't
ya right all right we got a backpack we
got a second
all right leather duster nice oh we got
so many backpacks
oh nice submachine gun in that kitchen
okay great
I had anything good over here Jimmy not
really great vegan economist says a
couple of nights ago I was listening to
a stream in bed and just as I was about
to sail in the dream land I suddenly
hear terrible Christian Bale Batman
growls woke me right up yep need a duty
every time sir dang cthe of whale says
if the girl one last vampire had AIDS
and Shrek made her immortal by biting
her yeah wouldn't that make her aids
immortal - isn't that a paradox of some
type immortal aids yeah I guess what it
would do is it would make her immortal
but whatever sickness she currently has
it would be with her well it would
probably make the AIDS like uncurable or
something oh wait is that the bunker are
we at the bunker oh that's true alright
keep moving then
well I guess he already had super AIDS
right he hates kind of much worse well
but if she's immortal I guess she'll
still live but maybe she'll just feel
like garbage for the next like 30 years
until a cure for AIDS is found all right
are being serious presumably
hypothetically she would feel fine
though they would might still be aids in
her body right and obviously she could
still spread AIDS but she will not die
from it well but you know hopefully it's
monogamous I mean she was raised you
know religious so she didn't shoot
somebody she did she religion right out
the window
Touche can we get it but let's do it Oh
someone's in it I think
well we'll shoot their asses if they
come out
do you think we're close enough to the
crate I don't even have Olivia's right
now
cool what's increase anything just
higher level equipment Thanks yeah let's
do it
whoever knows what they're doing
sign the wheel just somebody get out and
grab everything just grab everything and
run Jack what do you get out of the car
you might need to make a hasty retreat
no I got sixes I got six is rich we did
it see okay look I got their sixes so
they could get the good shit you're
welcome yeah yeah I don't even know why
they have gas cans I don't know if like
is if that's a thing running out of gas
okay it's possible not all cars have as
much gas in them
I don't know sure
confirmed so you in the circle yeah
we're in the circle what a car where we
going yeah okay what are we doing what's
going on what's happening was around
here
oyeme what's sad is that another plane
another drop
where to drop or did it drop yet we
great we're doing oh shit
what's wrong oh I'm stuck in the middle
seat of the Jeep so I can't shoot out of
it because I don't I don't know how to
change seats because everything is
rebound control and like what is it 1 2
3 & 4
careful to backpack
I'll take a level-two backpack
these guys are way better than me what
are these almost a Christian Bale these
guys are is it right so let's go okay
still got to find that episode you have
all the episodes shit what are you doing
what is that oh you bring it yep yeah
yeah hang back hang back I'm gonna see
I'm gonna catch the stragglers over here
see someone's gonna come around back
here he's dead
you're out of bullets there's no one
else in the building
okay
what are you drop what are you from oh
yeah hold on I just I just want to
double-check where's that where's that
great
do you have that door this door has a
Jeep in it it's a nice choke point great
oh sure I'm gonna stay quiet cuz they
might need some sudden communication
running you got less time to revive them
every time though right where are they
in the help are nearby oh okay a
motorcycle coming towards you pipes see
getting off the boat as long as you
coming in
everyone in the fucking game is stream
sniping no I got yours
I'm just getting that Jeep run them down
right
that's me that's me in the Jeep
gonna distract them I'm gonna give you
I'm gonna get give some cover over here
don't worry I'm fine isn't the tree yep
he's in the tree to the west he's in the
tree to the west
nope nope I don't got a minute oh yeah
he's got good stuff we got first aid
kits band-aids energy drinks all sorts
of fun stuff
what kind of scopes you have for that
sniper he's got what kind of scopes you
got I'm green hold on you got eight
nevermind hold on I'm coming
looks like a shotgun a pistol yeah I'll
come and bring you a rifle oh you
already grabbed it yeah all right here
no problem what uh what bullets does I
use we could have some yeah Rich's our
backseat gaming bro we're just doing
some coaching we're just trying to help
rich is helping
oh you mean em oh great Oh coach on a
game he hates a game I specifically said
I hate going solo yeah but had fun
playing great you know what fuck it I'm
not even I'm not even explain myself
anymore you just idiots hi guys what's
the plan just don't die great oh shit is
it outside the zone holy shit that's
near
well the great deal there guys might
want to go for it if you wish to the
west yeah
to the west well shit no I'm here I'm
here
you're downed you need some oh yeah I'm
down oh and I'm dead alright thank you
bye dad
they were calling up from the West I
still didn't see him
he's dying
what are you doing huh what are you
doing we can't see anything that's going
on it's near the end well I'm trying to
find fun types
oh yeah you know
down two pipes again Oh
now pipes you have to be careful because
it's very possible that their stream
sniping so you can't stay in one place
for too long for glory
nice I don't know where I don't know
where but nice one
I saw how he came out of nowhere
pipes alright I've now blocked
the stream thing and so it's very
possible that we might not get stream
snaps if that's how it works if it does
like you know that's just what does it
does what it does
so let's um except for everything's kind
of crashed oops I think I asked this
last time but you don't stream this do
you
I can't hear us
why not because where they can't hear
you in the lobby they haven't they
haven't enabled you to talk to people in
the lobby yet that's weird it's the
stupidest and now it's all broken look
hold on we crashed none of us knows
hello jack and rich has movie buffs I
was wondering how you guys typically
watch your movies I myself am an HD snob
so for me it's blu-ray or bust hmm I
won't watch DVD unless it's the only
format available I'm not at all picky as
long as it doesn't look like crap I'm
fine but I don't I don't need blu-ray
quality yeah DVD or blu-ray is fine by
me yeah usually usually either I don't
hate it but I mean like DVD yes fine DVD
yeah no DVD blu-ray streaming streaming
is my preferred method just because then
I can get whatever I want instantly my
HD in general my HD quality
oh yeah HD quality of course I just got
a shoot we gotta shut down we got to
shut down I know that there are some
advantages to for cave beyond resolution
like apparently the color depth is far
more depth oh wow
it has better colored okay we need to
all right we're having some pub G
difficulties pause to end task there we
go
we're gonna try that over again pipes is
leaving goodbye pipes Thank You pipes I
was gonna say if you stream this you
believe your information in our chat
you'd probably get some followers you
have your fans yeah you plan okay I see
some friend requests from people who are
playing pub G so I just friended you
there we go we're gonna run this up
again and start over
none of us says hello guys stream
snipers can click to play the same time
you do when you enter the lobby then
check the alive meter and countdown
timer to ensure they're in your game oh
I suggest pregame overlay pregame
overlay won't you just turn the game
well click on the X out this thing the
game in OBS until you actually start a
game oh sure
well bye it won't really matter right if
they're just just go to go to OBS and
turn off the the the eye thing for Game
Capture around battle capture whatever
notice we use no not at all because we
didn't play dead hog racing just the
normal game capture yep and then when we
start when we actually run we're
actually in the plane
turn it on plunge share rim Ram
rewind shocks us finally saw G OTG to
guardians the galaxy - guardians of the
galaxy - and I totally agree with Jack
too many jokes too many songs too many
sappy moments back rich any big plans
for Labor Day all right guys we're ready
to go hit the play button let's rock and
roll and can I be in the next squad for
pub G I've already picked my next one
there's one of them rewind shock um oh
wait nope or unless rerun chukkas has
invited rim ram so it's it's it's me oh
no way pipes is leaving right yep yep
for right now well pipes is still on the
team still on the team
hold on hold on how do you cure somebody
I don't know everything's broken all
right I'm leaving team all right now
it's just me I ate oh there's okay come
axion you're in epitaxy you're in and
plugg how what a couple times you want
to speed we did epitaxy two but we
didn't do web attacks - well you want to
get an entirely new people that's up to
you here we go boom this is the squad
let's go guys let's let's tear it up
shame we can't get fo docs and pipes on
the same team though yeah that'd be some
all-stars the person who got a winner
winner chicken dinner and the person who
couldn't quite do it alright let's go
everybody
click play click play let's do it wait
wait now wait you're in the plane that
was the plan
sorry yeah I'm telling everyone everyone
else needs to click play now
yes we know we know you can't see
anything we're waiting until we're in a
game to prevent stream snipers yeah but
even even if like once we once we get
out of the plane they'll be able to
watch the number counter to see if
they're in the same game you know I just
I think it's kind of moot and even if we
have stream snipers hopefully like that
one stream sniper I'll be able to kill
them easily mm-hmm because I killed the
one person who didn't have a gun rich
rubbing that number 2 in on pipes
yes but he's quite good I'm just being
silly pipes understands a joke hey
everybody we got to go click play
Peppa docks plunge come AXI and we got a
we got to play it up man let's go
all y'all same commit scene needs to
ready
is that who needs to read Iike mixing
you got a hit you got a click oh there
we go thank you
let's do it anonymous says one brother
announced today they're making a
standalone ie
recast Joker origin movie with the
hangover director and Scorsese producing
are they just pulling out names out of a
hat now here's something yes just a
dartboard they still go with a lead Oh
Joker who cares who knows who cares who
knows rich I'm going to say Joker origin
story is something we don't necessarily
need here's the thing like in in no way
do you want to make the Joker empathetic
you know and work just fine in The
Killing Joke yeah shit
chill Zilla says what is the best movie
you watched and best of the worst that
comes closest to being an actual movie I
mean also aids Wow well it kind of was a
real movie what was the the farting kid
one was that called again
Thunder pants underpants oh my god
Oh too much too much talk hey guys let's
let's go for water city go 3 2 1 go dare
are you going to water city I'm going to
water city I don't see it there it's
right there okay just follow Jack
half-sunken city water city that's where
we're heading it is that's exactly what
it is it's Atlantis yeah oh shit they're
gonna get there a little bit before us
maybe those houses right next to water
city pivot the the the twin house is
right next to water city that's where
I'm going
punch him punch oh my god the textures
haven't loaded on the house yet there we
go Oh sort of Jeep a Jeep just spawned
right in front of me oh I think I've
seen this before I think if you get to
places early enough like the items don't
spawn yet
yeah we got a backpack can I come on
come on hey shit shits going down
already and I don't got no gun what's
another room the door closed right right
right
let's outdoors epitaxy okay
where are you almost dead crate oh sorry
I closed closed it all right on you gun
gun we'd go save you but we are
completely unarmed here I'm armed with
one frag grenade that's not going to do
us a lot of good and he sort of oh here
we go here's a gun run safe epochs man
all right
smithy Mick ripped it's Smith EEMA
cricket it says Rick and rich and Jack
yeah have you guys tried playing this
game on the lowest graphics quality I
would review that said people were using
that to see character models through the
other textures what's going on out there
go round the back or on the runway I'm
gonna sit back back yeah keep going
there's one in the water he's dead never
mind
oh sorry Epidaurus we failed you oh I
see him on the roof they're shooting at
come axion
what's the what's the plan are you
trying to kill this guy I'm trying to
distract him what's the plan are we
trying to kill this guy yes I think he
might be able to hear us so I don't want
it to give away too much information
well we need to go under the options
that see this and turn off see this no
he'll still hear us if we mute him but
no no there's a there's supposedly an
option so only teams can hear the chat
did you get him on the roof shit was
that you did you throw a grenade no
great
who is in the dog
oh my god my god you're having yourself
a hell of a round see all because I
distracted that guy you're welcome I is
forever gotten but where are you and
where are they are they in the house oh
I see him he's on the he's on the roof
to your to your north he's southwest
yeah what number is that I can't really
read that too
well but to me it's it's a different and
I think we can come to you that might be
s
there's another one outside to your left
Jessie listen he came in through the
window the guy that was to your left and
leaving the game I was trying to kill
him off because I knocked him down oh
well okay so first thing we're gonna do
very first thing we're gonna do we're
gonna head over to this option menu
right here we go sound now we're gonna
say it's your voice channel only team I
wouldn't it just be default dr. Harry
limes is just seeing the first Batman
TAS hey let's go let's go right away
again let's go right away again we'll
try to get a better round and then we'll
switch up teams again Batman the
original series Batman sobs a mystery
rescues a dude gets his ass kicked
saves the day and then Rio belt
rehabilitates man bad I'd never punched
the air shouting yay Batman so much
that's right that's all the man-bat ups
does a good one yeah he's a detective he
was a detective in Batman the Animated
Series yes well speaking of you know
what I saw the other day I saw that
Batman and Bill documentary did you see
that I never Oh bill finger yeah I I'm
kind of aware of the story but I haven't
seen this documentary so so the the
story is back in the day Bob Kane was a
talentless hack yes and wanted to get
the big money the big comic book money
and and told the person who was that
like national comics or whatever was
publishing whatever I've come up with a
guy over the weekend and what he came up
with sucked
so he talked to his friend Bob finger
and Bob Fingal bill Bob bill there's a
lot of fingers not bill finger they go
he talked to his friend bill finger and
bill finger was like I got you dog who's
VAT is visit great those there Batman
and basically made bet yeah and was the
ghostwriter for the first however many
issues yeah so he created Robin he
created the Joker he created the penguin
he created the Riddler he created the
Batmobile
he created the Batcave like that he was
yes he created Batman but because of the
contract that Bob Kane had he Bob Kane
was the person who got sole credit so
there's a documentary called Batman and
Bill that was the fuck you simon and
schuster contract yes
back back you know kind of along with
all of this Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster
the creators of Superman
we're in the midst of a lawsuit with DC
and I think they wanted Bob Kane to like
join it with them come on let's fight DC
we'll get our creations back and then DC
just threw some money at Bob Kane yeah
alright and that's why to this day it
still says you know like and on all the
comics created by Bob cake
well so here at cetera watch this knock
so the documentary is about okay well
hold on let's find a place to land first
let's see where do we want to go guys
where do you want to go do you want to
try to head towards the gun range three
two one go gun range so this whole
documentary is about trying to find
enough evidence to take to DC and it's
about finding bill fingers descendants
and and just the whole history of like
that everything it's and so it's it's an
amazing documentary and if you have a
chance to watch it please watch it it's
it's all just about artists getting
their fair credit yeah and
one of one of the best best
documentaries I've seen in a while I
we're not gonna make it let's let's go
to these uh these double houses on our
way to on our way to the the firing
squad here great so Batman and Bill
hello beautiful beautiful movie
beautiful documentary with a I don't
even there's and I don't want to give
too much away but you know it's just a
big fight to to get Bill Finger properly
credited for his creation of Batman and
it is worth a watch if you are into
documentaries some book I read I'm
trying to remember what it's called it's
just comic book heroes but the heroes
were like the people behind this is
about the creators yeah in the history
of comic books and I stopped reading it
at some point it was so utterly
depressing story after story so and so
came up with an idea for a character the
character was ultra powerful ultra-beam
millions and millions of dollars the
creator died penniless that was Evan
every story in the park oh right
all right wait wait
okay we're let's go to let's get up what
are we gonna get plunge first and then
come axion we're not
get into Maxine now we're not going to
the gun wait okay alright come back see
and stay there we'll be back yes
supposedly Bob Kane's original drawing
for Batman he was wearing red he was
wearing red he had on the Domino mask
which is like the mask that Robin
where's yeah he had he had like blonde
hair and stiff stiff bat wings and they
had a mock-up what's he even called man
that was it was Bob's idea to call him
Batman but he was blond or red didn't
have ears yep because as the story goes
way way back in the day he found out
that Shuster and Siegel got $800 a week
to write Superman yeah and he's like I
want a piece of that actually so
basically he tried to make a Superman
clone in Batman yeah all right come ax
in let's rock and roll
we're gonna we're gonna F some bees up
let's hit it
Road Trip yeah honking oh shit
do you think you can jump the river
don't try but I saw it on Hulu Batman
and Bill I saw it on Hulu and and it got
it like it got me worked up and the guy
who was making the documentary it became
like a passion project for him to figure
I'd like to find existing relatives and
yeah for everyone who's trying to
message me on Steam I can't answer right
now I'm playing that was me sorry that
was me come at come axion you you shot
me
come back see any shot me you fuck yeah
you did I'm gonna shoot you back this is
going great so far guys you haven't
we're having a good a good run so far I
I have a first-aid kit all right there
we go
they wait welcome motherfucker okay so
you can friendly fire in the car pretty
easily that's just a life lesson for us
all it makes you I'm starting to think
you're like a master troll just enough
you just you're just like a mastermind
yes oh yeah some people had us like 240
Jones uma says worst and best movie
starring a basketball player the answer
to both is spacejam well-defined
starring like the lead role or they just
have to be in it like airplane is a
contender oh nice nice call rich no
thank you thank you with sir Kareem
abdul-jabbar and I have not seen Scheck
or nut check for what's the deal or
Shazam I you know what I haven't seen
steal either and I want to desperately
but we we talked about possibly doing
that Oh God on the best of the worst
and so I can't I think that part we're
just looking for any comic book movies
for like a kind of cool well I think was
that the episode that eventually was the
Fantastic Four Supergirl one maybe
i wiii Lewton there's no parking in the
redzone that I don't remember how the
redzone the white zone argument went an
airplane I don't remember
okay
crocodile rinses donut Eva's jack has
already made me laugh out loud and
closed the door on his teammates again
anyway did you guys ever answer my
question from last tip hmm what are your
thoughts in Sonic mania I'm not
particularly interested I was never a
huge Sonic fan Jack you have any
thoughts in Sonic man you know because I
never I never really cared for Sonic and
what I've what I've heard is that sonic
mania is like close to the original
sonex yeah but I didn't care about the
original accel I could use a scope what
kind of scope Padma how much Oh that'd
be perfect for me that would be perfect
for me in mcgann oh hello
Terrence ad says Richard Jack what are
your thoughts on the Kong skull Iowan
director's criticism of cinemasins he
was very complimentary of Haarlem in
particular I have not heard what his
criticisms whoa I know that everybody's
been ganging up on cinemasins lately and
I think that's good I think that
channels in garbage I'll be I'll be
honest with you I think they I think
they took the the one aspect of the
plinky review where he took that where
he nitpicked and they've made an entire
channel out of it and I I hate it
nitpicks can be fun of course of course
but like but small flaws don't
necessarily ruin a movie oh wait Jeep
Jeep to the east now it's a nonce in the
in the south it's at 155 it looks like
it's going past us
great which those numbers at the top had
better contrast let's seem very useful
in general but you can never read them
north someone's honking which means they
want to be seen where's everyone else
straight there stream honker yep well
let's finish looting and then we can
deal with the stream honker well let
them come to us fire in the area Oh
a car just passed it's hard to like the
west it kept going we're caught we'll
solve everything let's drive it
directions are happening look you don't
be a jackass what's that gun on the
ground huh on the ground I'm an AKM I
already have one else somebody need an
8k I am this building or a shotgun if an
you're a shotgun in type person
seven to
and I have a bunch of 8k bullets I just
dropped I just dropped off some bullets
and bullets for the a K and then the a
K's in the bathroom yeah conviction you
expended half years in the jack alright
alright
how we feeling what's the plan what's
going on if it comes to that I will
shoot you for comedies all good it's all
if it comes to that but yeah I think
we'll be fine
oh good okay all right got some armor
that's nice evil Lord David says hey
guys David parachuting in oh sure hold
on before that anyone need a helmet or
some level one armor
what's your favorite thing about great I
would listen was evil Lord David have to
say what is your favorite thing about
pipes I like is youthful and endearing
laughter it Sue's me like hot cocoa on a
cold winter night absolutely
you know pipes has one of those accents
that's foreign but still relatable and
so for some reason that just makes him
more endearing to me yeah this is a
pipes review we're reviewing pipes
Ayatollah of rock and roll Isis love the
pub G streams super hilarious hey you
know they kinda are sometimes in the
spirit I just rewatched the insane 84
film Red Dawn the Swayze powers Boothe
Lea Thompson yeah see Thompson how
Wolverines genius did you see his kids
and were you fans I've never seen it
you've never seen Red Dawn oh man that
was like required viewing at least where
I grew up
ever you know because mostly because you
know
fine great great you know oh no we're
stuck there we go being being in the
country and you know just everyone being
gun owners and you know everyone you
know ready for the common it's still
coming off the the mad communists care
like Red Dawn was one of those movies
that like empowered empowered the people
are they in a house and they in the open
where they add you probably can't see
them through that tiny hill and you're
dead yep attacks he's dead just leave
him where are they oh I've seen he's
wait he's way out there shit I'm getting
out of here now I put myself out in the
open yes you did
that's all right I'm back behind a wall
everything's fine see if he comes close
to us
plunged you need some bandages wait
doesn't dislike this game I'm coming
just torturing the poor man now I just
like going it's so low yeah I said
before I see a lot of value in the whole
team cooperative aspect of it that has
not changed that was what I said in the
review that was a big part of your
review is man I enjoyed that it's not
like Call of Duty it's not a meat
factory and I think who team play has
has some positive aspects to it that was
your whole thing is there a lot of
multiplayer games I would put this above
yeah that person is still over there
they're running away though I think
they're running towards the circle oh no
we are where it nevermind we're inside
the circle I was looking at the wrong
part of the map they're running towards
the shore they're running towards the
shore
settle down ridge settle down settle
right the eff down do we need the car
yeah yeah the circle just closed Oh
did we properly loot epitaxy okay sorry
chuppah Docs but you know that's how
you're good to us now me I'm sorry Maxie
come axion was was looted we we were
looting yeah come axion the helpful
ghost being a regular troll not a super
troll shoutout bad advice don't do it ya
know they're in the house we got some
open doors over there
bunker bunker bunker oh it's so fucking
on now rich Evans from my birthday
present please correct jack on mixi and
his name conviction were you calling him
oh I might have called Yuka max Ian okay
don't shoot your teammates don't shoot
your team man like some kind of mashup
of comic books and and like Galaga or
something or Galaxian somebody's showing
up or stealing your car
oh yeah we did and we're wearing your
blood is Warpaint at the moment rich
this is where I killed you
does this look familiar because this is
right there is where I killed you plunge
what are you doing where you going okay
let's see what what's the plan to hold
up here yeah well you're really centered
we're good we're good and centered doo
doo doo doo doo sure I have southeast
instead of standing there why don't you
stand up right next to the door and use
your third-person abilities nice King
yeah I guess you really can't doesn't
get a great view like this yeah like
that this is a great spot oh no worried
look we're in Nice does everybody keep
watching your entrance I got
yes but we also know you're playing the
long game so quit Lisa's small silver
lining re bill finger he gets a nod in
the credits and recent Batman comics
Batman created by Bob Kane and Bill with
Bill Finger yes I could have died
couldn't sadly oh he died no he died in
like the 70s sadly like alone and poor
it's still watched the documentary the
you know so by the way spoiler alert
they won his credit yeah and so the
first time he got a credit was Batman V
Superman yeah and now from now on
anything Batman related it's an equal
credit credit so thanks for spoiling it
but it's still a like to see the journey
is a worthwhile documentary but he has
finally gotten the credit that I you
know what I instinctively leaned my head
to look around the corner there's a
button no I'm saying like in real life
like I'm going like this oh you guys see
anybody no problem yeah that's what
we're here for
Naama says what I don't like about
cinemasins
is the consistent inconsistency like how
a glaring plot hole and a small
technical mistake are both awarded one
sin and how obvious jokes still count as
sins well right because at that point
they're just they're just ticking
numbers I don't I don't think you're
supposed to take it that seriously no
and it's like if you know if there's
enough plot holes that it ruins the
movie then then you can talk about that
but the amount of nitpicks for them is I
think I watched two of their videos and
I barely made it through the two let me
take a look at the prequel is just like
a ton of plot holes that's because it's
a badge
grips all right and then the nitpicks
were just part of the greater narrative
as far as Plunkett's review was
concerned a lot of times like the
depicts like all right go on old school
here the plank at first contact review
the room like what is this room what is
the purpose of this room right that's
just a good fun
yeah yes that's not what's wrong with
that movie though right oh shit all
right going up this way right behind you
said a guy oh he's getting shot go round
the long way and that see that big hill
there that's probably good cover that's
not Jack shooting there are three groups
here and I don't think they know about
you or us good job jack that rock won't
bother anybody ever again no there's a
guy right there fuck
dad oh I wasn't thinking and my other my
other rifle had the two times scope how
I wasn't I wasn't thinking how hard it
says hey guys if you have the
opportunity to be the voice of an
animated version of a superhero who
would you be
also Jack needs to unleash the glib on
Twitter more often it's what people want
the glib I do get I do get glib
sometimes no I don't think you're gonna
make it no no problem bye guys Oh try to
get some more people in a voice the
voice of an animated superhero voice of
an animated superhero I say who would
you want to play or who would you be
good as is the question that those are
two questions who do you want to play so
who do you think you could play well and
who like what do you know you can play
well probably I think we've kind of done
this before for me best fit is probably
off top my head mister mixi Pitta licks
Osher that'd be good
the fifth-dimensional in poop pesters
Superman yes I like it
jack is totally the tick I would love to
be the tick which would be a good
spider-man no I wouldn't
potent potables come on
boom there we go alright now I got a
nice a nice grip let's go
which would be a great Mad Hatter oh you
could do a good Mad Hatter maybe yeah

[Part II]
potent potables come on boom there we go
all right now I got a nice a nice group
let's go rich would be a great Mad
Hatter oh you could do a good Mad Hatter
maybe yeah yeah I would love to do I
would love to you know what like not
even the tick I think I've talked about
this before like the way that they do
Aquaman on Batman The Brave and the bold
is very tikka it's it's just like
over-the-top bravado I love that sort of
thing let the wheels of justice turn my
friend
yeah that's great like III find a lot of
comedy in that on ironic bravado so like
even even like a like a cartoony or
Superman something like that hold it
right there Lex Luthor Batman all right
no I don't know if I can you can't old
chum I can hear it you can I know I
can't they're already there you're just
try just do it just say something
something old chum it's looking good old
chum
no I can't like Adam West has a whole
thing here's the thing you do it when
you're not trying right when I do when I
was trying to do my Superman I dad came
close yep hold it right there Lex Luthor
your reign of evil is over don't don't
exaggerate it too much well that's what
I like well that's that just don't
exaggerate it too much well Robin in the
winter people don't look both ways
before crossing the street you see
something something cheesy and hokey but
do it straight here's what's important
old chum play it straight I can't I
can't play it straight oh I would love
to be Space Ghost
yes
I would love to be space guys people
saying me is Riddler
Hank mr. Bicks appendix is better whoa
you know I could see you as a Riddler
though all right guys particular enough
let's go let's go to the top of the
mountain where the ruins are three two
one go okay Oh like how early okay we're
gonna we're gonna try to make it to the
top of that mountain
thank you crazy I'm listening I'm
listening to him alright I'm just
tapping w
that's good numbers help you know you
know who I'd be a great as an animated
voice what superhero what black belt
black bolts I don't know if I know black
bolt god damn it I'm sorry he's one of
the Inhumans his power is oh of course
and that is sorry
his voice is insanely powerful so he can
never speak yes and even if he coughs
he'll it'll cause like devastation all
around him
yes oh you're so but you know there'll
be no yeah you know there's gonna be
that one dramatic moment though where
Black Bolt has to shout and it's really
loud though and it's destructive
yeah that's you there's gonna be that
one moment where Black Bolt has to go
ADEs oh jesus fucking christ and then if
it blows up the Skrull homeworld aides
will blow up the Skrull homeworld all
right hey rim rim let's head to this
city because we're not gonna make it to
the mountain and you didn't want to
interrupt aids right
alright let's loot this city and and
find a vehicle and pick up our friends
see you're all you're all yelling about
your ears this is why I am the perfect
black bolt I have that power in real
life I would love to argue with you but
you are absolutely correct
oh yeah I'm just I'm just grabbing
grabbing what I can and then I will I
will try to be with you and find a car
of some sort see if there's any down the
road here I'm at work right now wearing
headphones and people are now giving me
weird looks that's the risk that's the
risk you take you knew the risks once
know what I'm watching she's very
concerned yeah she should be as J
watched a published G stream no no I
don't believe so probably not something
he'd be too interested in honestly okay
well then you can head out oh nice hold
on up where are you oh I see down that
road I thought I saw movement be careful
thrown this remind that Jeep run went
done that with one of those alleys I
couldn't make out where for sure but I
thought I saw movement there might be
I don't have I only have a shotgun so
we're not doing super great on items but
let's get to our friends
oh yeah I mean these are the toughest
decisions you have to make thank you
potent potables I want to point out that
somebody was pointing a gun at your head
I see that all right here I'll run it
now that I'm here you go back for potent
potables hi I'm just gonna run there's
an there's another road coming up yep
yep head towards the road there in the
road a lot where we'll make it we got it
we have a full minute before the circle
starts to close okay wait so the winner
of the solo pub gee he got stuck in a
crack and that's how he won how did he
win yeah we're doing great we're doing
great
there's gonna be a great run this is
this is gonna be a running kind of run
where we're just going to be running
yeah someone in the chat was getting
upset about running through an open
field Oh what are you gonna do you got
to get to the same area
you can't teleport
yeah what are your other options it's
not a magical series of alleys you can
safely go through well right like do you
want also I could take my time I could
try to you know go from cover to cover
but the circles fucking closing shit oh
great great now we got something
that's fucking teamwork right there
great great great your blue channel says
with the latest YouTube controversy of
putting more restrictions on revenue
while allowing a legal 24/7 live streams
of TV shows do you think anything will
throw in it as the website for online
video not anytime soon what are the more
restrictions on revenue things that
they're they're adding a questionable
content if you if if someone Flags your
videos for having like content like
advertise advertiser unfriendly content
so just anything you don't agree with
you can flag their video you can and
it's but it's really easy as a creator
to ask for a review and then they
actually do a manual review but it
sounds like a headache it's a bit of a
headache but sounds like a lot of a
headache
well beta the the idea is they the how
YouTube makes its money is through its
advertisers not through its creators and
so they're trying to create a space for
their advertisers to feel welcome and
not run away and that's how we make our
money to is with advert to advertisers
right and so but like for example if
someone had a five minute long video
that was the you know that was a
dramatic plea for Nazism and your Pepsi
you don't want your ad running on that
video well right that would be bad and
so you're like Pepsi why is your ad
running on a video for Nazism and so
YouTube has created a system to help its
advertisers stay away from questionable
content the downside is yes
anyone can get flagged we need we need
better weapons why don't we loot these
houses people people have tried to say
that we all that not prereq but rlm yeah
our alt right hate speech jack
right people have tried that of course
and you know there
wrong and that's where you have a manual
review system again it's not it's not
perfect that's kind of thing that could
conceivably open up the door for another
video service to come in that isn't as
crazy yes and people have tried there
there was one that that tried to like to
be like more open-minded towards
creative content and you know we're not
gonna tell you what you can say but it
became a deluge of pro-nazi hey then no
one wanted to go to the website because
there was just Nazi videos and I still
think that witch has a reason yeah I
still think that twitch has a reasonable
claim to the better alternative but it's
just not there yet they don't have the
numbers that YouTube has YouTube has all
the numbers use must get 1,000 views per
week on the specific video you want a
review of kill smaller channels it can
again the system is certainly not
perfect but it's what we got the I've
said this time and time again us as
content creators are utterly disposable
in the eyes of YouTube and so they are
protecting the people who give them
money we we are replaced with people
uploading videos of their cats you know
I'm saying I never got to the point
where the only videos you could monetize
on YouTube were cat videos yes
that does open the door for something
else to come at absolutely absolutely
absolutely
all right whereas where's the
motorcycles at
oh okay I get I see what's going on here
no no I'll go by myself that's fine yeah
you lead the way then okay how do I
leave don't leave the way oh where the
hell yes oh hell yeah
we're the fucking photo booth you're the
cat videos Oh meow motherfucker the tail
examples bite you're the Hells Angels
won't you
what's going on okay eyes open just ease
to the waffle irons great all right I'm
gonna get the motorcycles I'm gonna
bring them in and I'm gonna distract
them it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great I'm gonna go full Mad Max it's
gonna be great rich
I'm gonna get close I'm gonna drum nope
I'm gonna die
great great we're doing great we're
doing great I had a plan rich I had a
plan they're gonna learn someday that
drug them out doesn't draw anybody out I
was drawing their fire rich and I drew
it pretty well unfortunately they were
hunkered
good game good game let's you know what
we'll give her one more try I'll give
her one more tries the team you know the
hope is that I can draw their fire so
while they're focused on me my team
who's all better shots can find them and
kill them are we letting more people in
huh are we letting more people in if we
can new team will see it we'll see how
many friends I have on right now James
it wants in James fuck you okay James
has got to come in who wants to who's
gonna bow out cuz cuz James ed wants to
come and play can I just invite him can
we have a group of five dads who we
gonna kick we'll kick me you four have a
you have a go team ready no you know
what I did say one more James I said one
more I said one more as our team and
then so James it will get a whole of
whole fresh team next time James stick
around that is that his friend of the
show James it'd fellow fellow filmmaker
and game maker now he's making he's
making a game James did who's working on
the legend of Bumbo we'll get you in
here JK is it bump men and that blunt
man that looks like a F to me that's a
to jacob blunt man says hey rich back on
your comic book read but yeah back in
your comeback reading days yo did you
ever watch old serial serials or listen
to radio shows for lack of superhero
content in the 90s I did cuz I'm sad I
love you guys spy my Smasher it was a
lot of Supergirl content in the 90s it
just it was all going downhill hey I
still like the Savage Dragon that was
that was the one good thing to come out
of early image Oh No
preacher was going strong hmm sure sure
all right guys where we're heading hey
the old TMNT continuity was still a
thing back then too known for the big
city huh oh yeah let's do it
okay ready three two one go
you know the traffic or lack thereof
makes Milwaukee totally fucking worth it
I noticed now that I've you know had to
go back down to Chicagoland a few times
yeah and oh my god is the traffic so
awful there and like non-existent in
Milwaukee
great let's be quick yeah it'll be quick
for them yes I make very short work of
you
gray might be useful in the situation
it's literally all I have I know at the
moment it's all I have you can find
something better I know I should be
quiet while this is going on our savory
tips I probably let this play out
look this play uh yeah it's something
you know enrich yourself saw someone by
me he's south
he said what the bunny start
I gotta get out of here
you got a car yeah and we looted for one
second longer I have almost nothing take
it before someone else does I just
execute this now get the fuck out
I mean that enough space
shots fired Oh what
how what is down
we got the car right drop the shotgun
for that you keeping the crossbow
alright oh wait no I'm he said he was
coming towards me yeah he's in this
house
you need to reload that shotgun okay but
you have the car yeah go kill him we'll
be right there
let's go boys
coming
taking every fire taking fire
where are you going I'm going away from
the enemy fire
they'll head here poof
whose idea was it to come here that was
crazy exciting credit where do it was
exciting mm-hmm oh yeah all right Gabe
Lee says hey fellas
my friend just made me watch et for the
first time last week it was great yes
just wondering what required viewing
movies have you guys most regrettably
not seen yet the thing yep yeah like
there's a lot of classic movies that I
don't watch just because I don't care
but a lot of people like oh no it's
required
I think it's horseshit they're not
leaving anybody the other person is dead
yeah Hamid died unfortunately he will be
remembered
everybody trailing us you got a car why
don't you find just some small little
building and defend in the middle of
nowhere
what oh no let's go there that sounds
great
whoa six kid the rain skid yeah nemesis
the best movie ever would be a buddy cop
drama starring Cameron Mitchell as the
chief and Christopher Walken and Jeff
Goldblum as our star cops against the
drug ring ran by Courtney Love oh my god
yes so like if it's Christopher Walken
and Jeff Goldblum like what's the title
of that what are you saying funny
talking cops well I I just I just can't
uh I can't uh what what is this oh this
place looks awesome
this place looks great yeah we got a
shotgun and shotgun shells down here
though Jack took the shells there's a
level one helmet up here that's right
take it crazy Elvis says have you guys
seen the Neal Breen film fateful
findings is currently on that's me sorry
sorry
everything's fine it is currently on
Amazon Prime and is showing up on my
recommended list after watching samurai
cop we're gonna get to it we'd like to
get this more Neal brief built Neal
Breen films sooner rather than later we
have we have voiced our opinion to the
powers that be
that that we require more Neal brained
someone's bad this roof
oh yeah people have definitely been here
armor knowing what's his name
Amir Siobhan Oh a mere yeah that sounds
right
j/k blunt man says hey guys when the
process of watching all of the video
nasties ass jay and just saw the tool
box murders it was terrible but some
amazing drunk Cameron Mitchell scenes uh
best of the worst candidate maybe yeah
maybe anything's possible
we have so many movies well weird you
know obviously weird we're never going
to get to them all yeah we just need a
few months happy no that's not up to me
and you know what I'm fine if we talked
all right do you guys need any bandages
or first-aid kits I have an abundance as
this has the house but has the big
mansion been cleared my Crozier shotgun
I feel like I do better with micros
these yeah yeah where are you okay I'm
coming Jake a blunt man says hey guys if
you could bring back a classic TV show
what would it be also if there were a
God would you prefer an old man with a
white beard or an omnipresent vapor
creature love yous guys I have no
preference and what the God would look
like but you get to choose I don't
necessarily want there to be a god I
just want there to be an afterlife which
one which one gets me a paradise in
eternal paradise which one is that I
can't have one without the other rich
gotta have one making arbitrary laws for
you to follow or else or else it's it's
you know who or else paradise gets
overpopulated with dickheads and it's no
longer parent kind not have an
omniscient gub that's watching literally
everything I do know that's all of the
time that's here's the problem that's
what the gods into he wants to watch he
wants to watch it all so can't have one
without the other oppressor that's nice
I'd rather have an other life instead of
an afterlife
I mean reincarnation no that's just
that's the same as death to me just
erasing everything you are
means everyone in your life that you
what reincarnation reincarnation means
that everybody you love and care for in
your life they're they're worth nothing
they'll mean nothing to you Sunday
she'll be someone else right that's the
reincarnation to me is very depressing
in that in the pink house to the to the
northwest
then you won't remember rich I won't be
me either I may as well be flat-out dead
dead
oblivion bed
anybody see anything
as far as the bring back oh he's on the
roof
wait for wait for Jack wait for it
I'm waiting wait for it
Wow shit
shit I did not have the right gun for
that situation but that's fine that's
that's the importance of a sight of like
a red dot sight right there
what if we end up like a serial killer
in the next life a completely different
upbringing different genetics mm-hmm
maybe maybe in the next life you're a
sociopath without emotions and remorse
right reincarnation is horrible I'm
waiting for them
did you see them leave that house
no I've been checking the stairs I don't
see them in the house currently how many
of them are there it's probably not
worth it for just it's probably not
worth it for Jack to engage anybody
honestly
people dunno I don't actually have
diabetes right no I don't think people
know that okay
I think people genuinely think you have
diabetes and we make fun of you for it
yeah yeah as far as what I'm going way
back as far as which classic TV show
would I bring back Peter Gunn just
because of the theme for that reason
alone well see if I can peter Agana
nobody's heard of a show Peter Gunn but
theme song has far outlived the show
which was unmemorable shit
maybe it was just a straight-up shooting
it back oh no there's another stairwell
over here and stay in a room and so you
don't have to
not that room either is no can't go on
that bedroom it's great I'd love to see
somebody yeah yeah they're busy right
now so I'm hoping I can get the drop on
somebody because of Spy Hunter the theme
was also pretty damn good and prominent
in the Blues Brothers oh yeah that's
right
where is everybody I know they're out
there
I'm surprised that rich hasn't seen Buck
Rogers since I haven't not all of it I
bet you seen a little bit of punk
Rodgers how do you see him you're a
crazy person
okay fair you know what fair enough
favorite film set the dystopia chat why
would you even ask when you know that
Mad Max fury road is the thing does that
count as a dystopia yeah absolutely
and he's still doing that I thought I
thought that that was like a false rumor
but George Miller said he was just done
with it but I've been wrong many times
many many times
dang it right and how far are you far
enough how long one minute
yeah how long do you think it'll take
you to get there no you might be the
last one in you don't want to be behind
other people you have to time this and
your motorcycles are probably gone yeah
there's no people here
oh fuck yeah there take the shit real
quick yeah but I think there's a person
over there
well Allah no no no I'm just counting
I'm gonna Scout rich I can I can do this
shit all right do I have any no I don't
great
I see him I see him over there I got
some good shots on him though okay damn
it
okay new team thanks guys
thanks guys I know I was trying to leave
my shots later but it's gone
everybody steam messaging me be on
stream yeah alright no new so not a mrs.
rich any chance she could do some
backseat gaming a sunny bonds yep
I feel like Sunny's no-nonsense attitude
and blunt criticism could demoralize
Jack into being slightly more effective
at this game oh I I don't want to be too
mean to Jack no I was an asshole to you
last room oh you you know what you were
and I did some research hold on for a
second who's a invite invite there we go
doctor smoke trees it coming Oh Susan
doctor smoke trees we got there come on
big pain come on in there we go that's a
great team let's go okay so yeah my
point to multiplayer games on the
Nintendo 64 versus multiplayer games on
the computer there that they were easily
a more accessible oh god more people
more people were playing them right and
so I did some digging into the numbers
and I found an article written about
quake it was it was about an article
about quake 3 coming out yeah like oh
the numbers are gonna be great and the
article was in 2000 and they were
talking about quake 1 and quake 2
selling like five hundred and six
hundred thousand copies which was a big
deal at the time for computer gaming but
at the same time the n64 was selling
four million copies of Mario Kart and 2
million
that everybody was doing that a
split-screen what I mean what makes you
sure everyone was doing the multiplayer
aspect of those games who knows I'm just
saying like we're talking we're talking
numbers that are well beyond you you had
some something like there were no good
multiplayer something-or-other on PC as
compared to Nintendo 64 like if you come
if you compare the numbers okay and a 64
to PC team who needs who needs to come
on here big pain big pain let's go here
we go again again I'm not I'm not
pooh-poohing PC multiplayer games but I
think there were more people there were
more people playing split-screen
multiplayer than there were playing PC
online multiplayer and and I and so
that's the point
epic Jason you are not the only person
who appreciates quake 1 as a
single-player experience I'm just saying
though that that was the area that
birthed the deathmatch discounting that
for like the split-screen experience on
the Nintendo 64 where do the the numbers
I'm just talking about the numbers more
people were split screening
hey everybody let's have some fun
James is that you hey buddy how's bumble
coming well glad you could take some
time and play with us
great for those who couldn't hear James
is working on the legend of Bumbo which
is related to the binding of issac what
did you say next summer
this December which is coming out in
December shit yeah
came her to play a gun with you you're
trying to hack hottest problem I'm out
I'm Hawking his wares before we jump out
of the plane you're making him
uncomfortable he just wants to shoot it
okay alright guys we're going to the gun
room all right guys let's let's go to
the gun range three two one go gun range
he wants to watch you get out of
motorbike and be a distraction i well
know that we now that we got the now
that we got the the plug out of the way
we can we can just just concentrate we
can yeah we're going to the gun range
let's see that's okay we're gonna we're
gonna be here we're gonna get here first
great there's no gun are we having
another wait for spawn issue executive
force god damnit come on gun spawn I've
heard of this happening where every once
in a while like you have to wait for
guns to spawn oh yeah maybe that's it
guns aren't popping here so yeah I keep
looking for guns oh great perfect you
could have just had bad luck with the
spawns I could yeah it's all random but
I've seen I've seen them actually just
pop up
rich for the rest of the stream can you
pretend you're Mike like I can leave
boom boom I have a shotgun I'm just
looking for some shells you didn't get
shells
yep I found it thank you
second of course wife says I introduced
a friend Arlen and he compared rich
favorably to a young I heed not dead
John Belushi you know young and John
Belushi kind of the same yeah just
thought rich would appreciate that as
both a Chicago native and a professional
comedic actor I do I appreciate that I
know how true it is but I appreciate
take it yeah son of a bitch ain't got
nothing
where's all the shit not in the gun
range apparently not we Yahtzee
oh now what's the what do we whammied
Yahtzee is a good thing yes oh sure I
need anything at this point has nothing
long-range I have nothing nothing we're
gonna shotgun well you got no ammo for
the shotgun who's giving me what you owe
mr. schmuck trees
yes mr. smoke trees nice all right well
let's uh let's head over that hill to
this set of houses I just placed a
marker on the mountain if long as we
scream and yell that's so wonderfully
casually yeah I should be able to kill
him no sweat I gotta get inside the
circle it rhymes so it's true we risk it
what for the biskits what in two minute
katar so like a biscuit that goes with
the chicken dinner I get it I get it
why are you so far away from the rest of
you I don't know I started running and
they wrote here's it's funny because I
started running one way and they all ran
away from me I think yeah just stay away
from me I'll be the bullet sponge
take it
Jax already got the level 2 helmet yeah
that was me sorry that was me I didn't
kill you yeah sorry you know what Jack
is like in Bunker's whoo oh yeah let's
stay in the bunker nice it's a very this
is a death trap bunker there's no exits
oh there's a tiny bunker
well that's no I don't think you want to
hang out in this bunker no all right
let's let's rock and roll oh that's the
just throw a grenade down there bunker
right
let's see if there's anybody any
movement over by these houses okay well
let's see if they're still here make as
much noise as you possibly can what kind
so we can keep an eye out oh I have 762
here in front of them not
who needs 762 okay welcome rich playing
yes I'm psychic
I'm psychically playing rich is playing
with his mind there's some master
puppeteering
- dang it I call bullshit that thing on
the back of your shotgun clearly has a
picture of bullets anybody need a vest
or a backpack okay there there's a
backpack and a vest up here there's two
vests in fact back back out here on the
pad on the patio okay we got a Oh
shotgun shells oh my god is that a 762
handgun yellow marker yeah death
no so far like all the deaths have been
you know we see who kills us our team
was second place once constant stream of
laughter I got a buggy in a motorcycle
that sounds fun I mean right that's kind
of got it we got to find a place to
hunker shit what did you take data from
lifting up the motorcycle apparently
that is so strange
what street picked up the motorcycle and
he took damage yeah just a little bit
terrible I am super strong
that's some crazy shit my life I have a
I have a two-time scope yeah I'm a
pretty bad shot so I will give it to you
go jack that gun better than what you
have what you should probably take that
assault rifle I have I do I got a little
woozy that's not gonna have the range of
the assault rifle okay I mean you've got
that you've already got the shotgun yeah
I'm actually I didn't you know I'm
actually I don't do well with shotguns
yeah oh wait here's a choke - perfect
you know how the game is played
it's pretty MLG all right so uh we're
still gonna head to the town we're gonna
get the vehicles and head into town
great let's do it what do you need oh
here's here's some 12-gauge if I can
lift it up again hold on no why don't
you took damage oh shit
all right hop on no guarantees man
you know that movie ends right I just I
just want to point that out well you got
a Jeep here that you got you got
problems in this area yeah we do the
brake lights were on does that mean
somebody had been using it shoot through
the doors stay together
watch sixes oh yeah where they at who's
the woody by right over where
why don't you just steal their Jeep and
get the fuck out of Dodge or we could
kill someone are they by smoke trees
great where'd it come from come from Wow
I'm down and he is right on that other
side of the wall
over by me on the other side of the wall
by me well let's do it one more time
wait somebody's still alive no no see
okay oh this would be the last one for
me this is the last one this is the last
round absolutely we can do it though
prereq of my asset so I had to take a
whiskey shot whiskey shit at my cousin's
house it's a really nice house with his
kids and everything I couldn't find
toilet paper instead I had to use cotton
balls
should I have flushed or not cotton
balls
you should not flush cotton balls shit
o85 says putting that out there
you should not flush cotton balls I am
late to the stream or whatever but have
you guys played the game rust already if
not play it I will give you a billion
dollars in the package mail to watch you
run as a naked man or woman with boobies
Wow okay Wow okay what is rust I have no
idea survival game I think it's a
survival game I think it's a multiplayer
survival game I think I have no idea
no no that was a pretty poor showing so
let's let's do better this time myself I
choked that's true that's true I have a
supreme disadvantage as rich screams in
my ear no it freaks me out I try I try
then and then Jack gets on a motorcycle
to be a distraction I do it's true bad
traps traps I still haven't seen anybody
be drawn out all right I put a mark
around I put a marker on the map ready
three two one free fallin
Tom Petty and the motherfucking
Heartbreakers get with it get with it
kids
great yep oh yeah there is
Oh in the texture oh there we go
textures find a gun
find a guy had a gun find a gun find a
gun fuck you've got a male and he's
tried him I that pants wings really
slowly I hit him twice with a pan and he
got me with his punches avenge me I had
a pan I hit him with my pan he was using
the jump punch strats which I have heard
does a decent amount of damage it did
more damage than my pan now he's got my
pan Oh shot him in the back you avenged
me big pain thank you I just saw the one
parachute drops I don't know how many
are there no just the pan he's got a pan
but I think big team picked it up
smoke trees is down get him James
get him James get him run run yeah James
is running after someone just chasing
one of them down
get him Kim take his head get a
successful kill you'll probably get a
decent loot drop murder murder oh he
dropped down get him there get her again
Crouch crouch crouch crunch crunch not
that much you have become him now
look like a fucking son a bite this is
great you guys doing great is that
actually James ed the devil it is
actually James II the dev you are you
are a famous games developer James did
same famous on the internet is still
Fame it just usually comes with less
money than the other types of fame less
money and more hassle have you had death
threats from making a game really
I'm so sorry James yeah
the best yeah great
probably not sure where let's see I mean
I would say I don't know if there's any
reason to do anything other than maybe
hunker down in the woods hi guys fine I
stopped so you need some more you need
some more Luton honestly if we murder
people that's where you get the good
leaves so their murder alright
everyone's died with a shitload of med
kits I didn't have a chance to use yeah
yeah that that game I was talking about
where I got like 6 legit kills yeah I I
think I had but what is what is the
better one the med kit or the Med the
wood the bigger one sure I'd like three
of those four of the regular med packs
or whatever the smaller version is that
a ton of band-aids and just didn't have
an opportunity to use them not at the
end no animal to backpack here
so I got a question for rich yeah this
is an old person question okay I'm
trying to look for someone that sounds
simpler that could play simultaneously
in a playlist with CCR is there anything
that comes to mind reader for Creedence
next weekís here's here's what I got
for you off the off the top of my head
have you ever listened to white denim
know if if you kind of like old-school
er sole fold like swing ashrak okay
they're a more modern band but they said
they sound like they could go with you
know the person to ask this question is
Karen I'm sorry put on your button legs
don't tell me it gets like a wreck near
they like the climax of a show
beautiful that would be like the
audience at the end everyone in chat
right now is google searching ankle
pants went to see primus live Wow
recently have you guys ever seen Primus
lab no fortunately I love Primus but
I've never been able to see him live
when I was I was dragged nearly kicking
and screaming to a Wayne Newton concert
because my grandma not like leaving me
home alone and then I have also seen
Weird Al Yankovic climb in persons and
that's not the extent of it we're not
Yankovic at the time I don't know if it
still does great show
oh yeah like 90 costume changes
and fat was somewhere in the middle I
can't believe that didn't just kill him
from exhaustion because he'd put on the
full fat suit
oh right for that and he's like he
changes he just like quick changes with
the full with the fat suit and
everything he was a sexy polish vampire
yeah he's been around for over 30 years
now and he just keeps me back in that
room and put that helmet on I think
James likes his look yeah good I miss
the son of a gun shots enough I think
they're north okay yeah look over this
hill a bit real quick let me I was gonna
do some pro strats a drop and shit but
I'm not good yeah we can hunker down
here for bed work see where the line
goes
they're gonna push rats a living big
pain walk around and scope everything
out while I'm just ID in the corner
whatever keeps you alive cuz then a big
happy to look and Scout if big tan gets
shot then it's your job to come you're
welcome oh just never helped I'm always
a liability on a pub G team always
sometimes some of my favourite Friday
the 13th moments involve some car
heroics so I don't know sometimes it
pays the help hey car heroics that's a
thing in this - the driving does look
pretty wonky in it and I'm just terrible
well you have the mic for one because
you can't rebind keys for some stupid
reason I tend to play Friday the 13th
with a controller but some games some
games if there's like vehicle sections
and I normally play it with a mouse and
keyboard I might have a controller
nearby just so I could pick up the
controller for like driving section I
might do that
this doctor spoke trees like no longer
with us
is he Duffy is he doctoring right now I
hope that drops on my head field
James you got to get out there and cover
him okay there's definitely high likely
to make like chance that people are
going to be coming for this I Jamie get
get to him for some reason that wasn't
working for me before that's all right
imagine we've get to the tree I'm doing
I already this may have been a mistake
no no they're gonna do as me there I
don't know run for cover
oh yeah now you're super prone alright
please turn down there James Mike it's
cliff we were playing on through through
the game that's something that's for the
audio is coming you can it's my bike
stole
oh no that's perfect James it's great
okay
bandage em animation there was James
James in who you know you can tell by
the name was one of the founders of in
software yeah you don't need that kind
of pressure
yeah I could imagine legal battles yeah
we yeah the indie scene especially it's
like pummeled wind with legal stuff
really not good oh yeah I wish I could
say yes a lot of people the guy into the
indie scene earlier the same kind of
people that would make small businesses
and like like suing wind that got like
close to their icon Co IP sure you know
20 years ago with like a cassette
recorder Netflix Netflix on a cassette
recorder gonna student flicks down it's
a kind of stuff where it's like I made a
no strategy game it's similar to your
strategy game so I'm gonna sue you pal
that kind of stuff it's a shame it's
like no one couldn't really talk about
this no one wants to burn any bridges
with this the people that kind of win
that kind of stop is are the the people
that everybody likes sure the the
winners right the history buffs
absolutely
oh man big pain really hope to zone
favors me nope nope oh it really doesn't
favor you zone hates you hate your face
damn rates worth it
oh yeah what you just gotta move her
gone for the crater I thought you were
gonna be the one to buy it so that was a
terrible joke terrible jokes are the
worst wish I didn't drop my hollow sight
that would be really nice right now
close together like a family
yeah we want to be buried together
awhile really just like the Jonestown
people this time together be together
did you ever hear the audio that final
audio tape it's the crime oh god why
would anyone listen to them it's this
really weird thing where you can hear
like a recording of like a band
underneath us it's like they taped over
something else and you can still hear
part of the old recording so this is
really creepy music while they're having
a discussion about killing themselves
sure and this one this one woman in the
crowd the only one there would sense is
trying to talk Jim Jones out of it and
he's not having any of it
right it's disturbing what tape this is
the final audio recording from Jonestown
before they drink kool-aid cyanide laced
kool-aid
and cheap tip John saintly someone's
here moment the universe soon see it
right here right
nice try
I did not see those people oh yeah well
thanks for playing with me guys we'll
see you later and the other guys didn't
even see ya is gay sometimes this game
sometimes all right boom
leave team alright great well that was
great that was fine that was just fine I
I promise I will bring the goddamnit I'm
gonna leave the n64 here alright alright
and I will bring the n64 controllers
that's fun so help me rich I'm very
sorry that I forgot that support
controllers what's gonna be great I'm
gonna bring the n64 controllers
next time don't plug it in and it won't
start it'll be great and I'm gonna fix
this whole camera situation it's gonna
be great everything's gonna be great
we're gonna diddly Kong it up in any
case now is we've got some we got some
catching up to do on tips oh well shit
then let's get to tips then ah Thank You
beefcake for reminding me on Twitter
that will be very helpful Jacob what man
says hey guys I have long been of the
opinion that Batman TAS is the greatest
superhero thing of all time including
all comics and other media what would
y'all ranked as the best of the
superhero stuff well that's a very easy
and concise question ya know TAS is up
there Batman the Animated Series I mean
as far as Batman is concerned the top
absolutely absolutely
that was so there was a lot of good
there all superheroes yes it's up there
maybe top 5 but I mean but you're
talking like you're talking about you're
talking about oh like oh this one
particular good run of a comic book
series this one movie
was groundbreaking a TV show a cartoon
someone's fuckin drawing like it this
requires more thought than I can give it
right now
exactly but I will say as far as Batman
is concerned absolutely number one I
would rather watch the animated series
over anything else Batman and I mean I
love the Dark Knight movie yeah but I
think I think I would rather watch that
is like the best representation of the
character absolutely Anonymous's hi
regarding the multiplayer discussion
yeah with every copy of Mario Kart and
gold I sold there was a potential one
two three extra people playing the game
and split screen mode sorry to add fuel
to the fire okay but you don't know that
there were no no you but you can only go
off of sales numbers and I know the
sailors alright alright
anonymous says hi guys question for rich
yep if Jack helped you off a horse would
you help Jack off a horse
multiplayer discussion no no I would not
uh-huh forget it
no would you help Jack off a horse
no that's fine amateur bullshit
Jeng jabber jingles says hi hi Jack hi
rich quick question
what's with the fart noise that plays a
cave good work I believe is that a
subscriber that stuff or is that the
same yeah I think something that's the
same we're gonna put the what the fuck
back what do you got oh we just got a we
just have to fix the volume I still love
it Duggars every once in a while just
yeah thank you
which is how he thanked people for
subscribing to doctor was at dead doctor
stunned a squire says hi guys hey just
wanted to say thanks so much for signing
my space cop hope the commentary is
worth it it's not
Wow it's a great product you love Wow
there you go five slide rings all right
well so now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all the people who
subscribe to us during this very stream
much like scorn 12:10 who says hey
wreckers you almost never play any games
I would buy her play thank you
this way I don't have to suffer through
the crap pop G myself you're
entertaining tag-team delivery of many a
mediocre game is thoroughly appreciated
keep cynical my friends sure Tiberius
Kirk 424 fucking months in a row
Tiberius is two years of prereq thanks
for good times and tomorrow on the
holodeck we're watching Dark City good
week movie mr. happy life says love you
guys keep it up jack is only pretending
to not recommend pub G so rich won't
think less of him no there are many
games that I mean remember I recommended
fire watch rich really didn't like fire
watch that's legit hey this is what I'm
saying
I've seen many positives in pub G just
overall I didn't like the solar
experience yes I'm just saying it's not
like there's two but there's too much
bad for pub G in solo play for me to
recommend it Hugh Jazz's says thanks for
all the entertainment guys did you ever
try sunless sea its FTL ish with more
pacifist options and better developed
world and lore you could even do voices
highly recommend anyway good night
stream that sounds familiar though yeah
I might have seen it okay vice-versa man
says nope that's weird
I'm not gonna read that that's my that's
cute
Ben mochi b85 38 mother fucking months
in a row says happy Anniversary wreckers
for a game no one recommended you seem
to play pub G a lot that's okay I
watched people streaming a lot and Jack
playing is highly entertaining keep that
six like like Jerry Lewis I'm doing the
bumbling professor first point there is
I still don't understand Jack's not
recommending it you don't
I still don't just cuz you can't explain
it doesn't mean you didn't like it but
also I think there's more bad than good
okay and then why do you come back to it
I have no idea then it's a recommend no
like I said a lot of games I can take
out we have a unique situation here yeah
where the purchasing of this game for me
is a business expense yeah that
sometimes like for me if I had purchased
this outright and we didn't do this show
I don't I just don't know like I said
I'm in a we're in a weird situation
where because I get paid to play games
sometimes the games I play there's not
that onus of time spent and I have been
slowly not coming back to it and I don't
know I don't know okay Thomas my
bathroom okay says planning to get the
Xbox 1x doom in 4k I have a PC I've had
doom in 4k
oh shit and why the fuck would I want to
play Doom with a goddamn controller shit
also the Xbox continues to have no
exclusive titles there is no reason to
have an Xbox
voodoo mama Ganza and yes by the way my
computer can handle do them in 4k hmm I
believe it I don't play it in 4k because
it's just better than my the monitor i
normally use it everyone work on my TV
though but would it
yeah you a 4k TV yeah why don't I sit
1408 it's ya know it is at 60 Hertz I
have to look in the specs
yeah I bought it as it was the TV sure
and it had a monitor that was a good
size a size that was a good for my room
yeah I didn't buy it for gaming
oh I tend to do that at my desk with my
my gaming monitor right right
owls Aryan red both rich and I have a
switch it's currently collecting dust on
my shelf that's true oh you'll get some
use hey well soon it will get some news
that's coming up actually true Zen you
says five months can't wait to get your
six nice fucking nice Oh Serena ready
Lothos 87 Adam Lakeside says I'll think
of something clever
next month old hand saw for thirteen
months in a row says my wife cries at
ravager funerals voirbo barn strong one
two three says I hope your squadmates
have a level three backpack to carry you
in Jack I yeah yeah by the way I hope so
too it's fun to go along for the ride
perfect Christo Barrow Berto says was
wondering if there's any current comic
book series either of you are reading No
recently picked up mr. miracle by Tom
King and it's highly recommended that
all right you know what I've heard good
things about mr. miracle currently I'm
reading miss Marvel I'm reading Squirrel
Girl and I'm reading Archer and
Armstrong and Harbinger and faith okay I
don't know how up-to-date I am at any of
them that but those are the comic books
I'm reading currently look out Doug
2:120 this new subscriber 416 and as it
is such so also as such is it unto you
and as it is such so also as such a son
to you smithy Mick crickets no least I'm
assuming it's a Brando with a 4/4 an a
sure Sarkis says nine months in the bag
thanks for the endless memes and here is
for more to come thanks rich and Jack
you for subscribing really appreciated
Mulaney says we owe China nah nah nah
nah nah nah
we shouldn't be Jemma oh I'm blaming
Jimmy when that a Dreamcast game I'm
lemma Gemma you're thinking of you're
thinking of Black Betty bamm-bamm
what was the Dreamcast game with the the
they're kind of like the flat art and 3d
it was a rapid game that's cool that was
a PlayStation game called parappa the
rep wasn't there a sequel like similar
style game the head jeff name though I'm
Lani Gemma
no I'm not gonna know like Betty had a
child family oh damn thing gone Wow
that's right I'm jammer Lemmy
oh okay I'm jammer lemme sequel to
parappa on ps1 really unjam or lamby is
a real game that's crazy well there you
go
where were we stray cat 72 says don't
you ever laugh as the here see goes by
hearse goes by for you oh sorry
don't you ever laugh as the hearse goes
by for you may be the next to die don't
you ever laugh as the hearse goes by for
you may be the next to dial Chum your
stomach will turn a slimy green pus
pours out like whipping cream you spread
it on a slice of bread and that's what
do you eat when you are dead I think my
dark poetic tone but yeah we try it I
want to see if we get something silly
out of sheer white work it's my veggies
64 for 16 months in a row clone to 7 to
7 for 17 months in a row says now time
for Jax to get a Jason kill on stream i
sent dancing but don't forget to
oxygenate your wounds face woods
oxygenated thank you I said dance birth
Samuel winters great and frozen zigu rot
says I'm back thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
no I was just placing my finger on it
oh oh I have not hit end yet you've not
hit end yet I was placing my finger on
it
in preparation like I need to get better
tactile light it's like lower left and
then right there did I do it I don't
think I did it yet which one is it
that's the one
