Feb 8, 2017
Nioh
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/124699861
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/124751820
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH82vP7HdKc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOdBGA5fDs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/829469619714924544

[Part I]
wait we're going are you sure we're sure
about that I know but all we have we all
I have to go on is my assumptions okay
it begins great hey everybody welcome
for some reason when we when we stream
using the elgato and the PlayStation 4
it messes up all the aspect ratios of
everything and so that's why there's no
camera on us and our overlay is gone be
everything's messed up so everything's
fine I'm sure everyone's fine they can
hear us and they could see a game
extreme Issa's the overlay it's like
they come from y'all a overlay they come
here for the overlay they stay because
they like the overlay right that's right
Alan Alan Smithee is here in the house
you spelled Smithee
I know fuck sorry that I don't know how
to spell Alan Smithee s I am art SM i th
I only put one e the famous Alan Smith
Fela famous Alan Smithee and he's famous
something that was ruined the bit was
ruined that that's spelling a smithy
that's like when the real the real Alan
Smithee doesn't want to be credited for
something one yeah he's Alan Smith I
know we pissed off all of the weaboos
with our panty party video I didn't
watch the video but I saw though I saw
the title and it made me laugh we sure
played a little bit of that panty party
oh god what is it it's it's a game where
you play as a girl who can turn into a
flying pair of panties
and you have to shoot lasers at other
pairs of panties she lasers where do the
lasers appear from you did the panties
just wherever just from wherever okay i
panties and there's a magical talking
pair of panties that guides you there's
too many panties for one game there's so
many panties and that's it like that's
all we could play and then and then
there's one point in the game where a
very young girl asked us what our
favorite pair of panties was and we said
nope done don't want to play anymore
thanks Japan
that is quite literally the exact joke
bed rich made oh really I'm so it was
great but I think it was pretty funny
what funny episode so there was a debate
whether we would put it up in general
just because it's panty party oh I don't
even like saying saying that that sounds
gross I know I know it's super gross but
I thought at least we might get some
some jokes like that's why we did check
a few we got a few but it's like yeah
yeah well this will be a wacky silly
you just feel creepy immediately it just
felt creepy superfast sure but that's
okay cuz we're playing me oh now I am
I've never touched this game before no
we have not played it yet nobody likes
cutscenes I'm gonna skip this oh thank
god now I'm gonna be lost now I'm not
gonna know what the hell's happening I
got run around and hid things for the
Thord I'll be fine
this this is billed as Dark Souls but
with samurais so hard difficulty you
collect things that are like Souls to
level up but you're a samurai only
you're not a samurai cuz you're a white
dude I think you're Irish
in fact so it's like the Great Wall of
China it's just like the Great Wall not
the groom it's just the great was just
the Great Wall
just the Great Wall the film that is
coming out a white man starring Matt
Damon
according to reports people who have
seen it he's not the star he's like
co-starring
really we're just trying to promote it
as yeah Matt Damon movie because he's
the famous one Damon no no what about
the accusations that this is
whitewashing I've seen that around yeah
I've seen that around that's a Chinese
made movie made by Chinese people so
it's fine
no I doubt that the Chinese people are
racist against Chinese people we don't
want Chinese people in our films the the
Chinese Board of Film and propaganda
says we can't have Chinese people in
this know they they they wanted Matt
Damon in because they are still trying
to legitimize the Chinese film industry
and so by borrowing one of our Hollywood
stars it lends credibility to their
productions sure well you have a big
opening in China you can have a big
opening in the US because it's a US star
exactly and movie doesn't look
interesting at all but the monsters
there's magic monsters magic and Matt
Damon
that's all you three M's that's what
every movie needs Don Dahler had the
three B's China has the three ms who did
what at Don Dahler have blood boobs and
beasts oh nice yeah monsters magic and
Matt Damon has this formula ever been
used before I think about Matt Damon
movies has he ever been in a movie with
monsters and magic I don't think so I
don't think so this is testing this is
testing the magical mo theory this is
the start of a whole new genre yeah
here's the other question does it have
to be Matt Damon they're gonna be any
three em no it has to be Matt Damon okay
cuz it's like you know what if it's
monsters magic and Matthew Lillard then
that's the UH that's like the
direct-to-video knockoff called pretty
okay well yeah
decent Walter the guy you are playing as
says mister try smile this man right
here is based on a real guy who has also
been portrayed in the miniseries and
book Shogun so this is apparently based
on a real we're a pirate we're a pirate
he's a pirate so he's not a samurai as a
pirate he's a pirate he wears samurai
close though he's got that gun just
weren't short well he's been in jail
he's up because he's a pirate you know I
have to leave you far as very Souls ish
is there others lock on we got water you
can't beat them join them
what dark souls oh yeah oh it's very
dark souls everything just about
everything there's enough difference to
get to make the learning curve a little
annoying to be quite honest with you
like Dark Souls you use the triggers to
fight is it rebinding of any kind oh
maybe
I like foodie water I'm a fan of
flavorless fizzy water call me
old-fashioned pickup that's the thing
you pick up call me old-fashioned but I
think fire is magic and it scares me
that's from estate you've never watched
the state I have watched this day no you
have I thought you hadn't I
I've watched a bit of the state and I'd
never much cared for I love the state
which is shocking because I love David
Wayne movies yeah have you like without
American summer how could you not like
the state it wasn't my thing I got
really into Stella like I think that was
great
Stella was great state I don't know you
know who I think it was time winning
really yeah I liked I'm on him I like
him now yeah I don't know I don't know
I'm okay with the state yeah I have
nothing against the state you shouldn't
lots of wonderful comedic actors came
from the state Ken Marino
oh yeah he's great like he's like a
ringer if you're trying to make
something funny and you need a
supporting character throw Ken Marino in
there absolutely I think he's probably
the best performer on that show or out
of that group like Michael Ian Black
yeah that's funny people right
that other guy Michael Showalter well
sure yeah well they had their show
Showalter Ian Black David Wain who I
know I'm thinking of like the little guy
who rides the motorcycle on what an
American summer what's this Oh Joe lo
Truglio so much yeah I like him too
mmm it's over when he finds out that uh
Ken Marino's a virgin and he's like so
angry he's like you are a loser there's
a little tantrum is great yeah Oh
Americans over how do I do the healing I
picked up a healing item how do I do
Oh so press down on the pad the big pad
yeah and go to equipment oh it's quick
items you can do it in items as well and
then down there in the shortcut menu
okay okay and here's where it sits
things are a little complicated so as
you will hold a button and have an
alternate number of shortcuts well yeah
yeah so it so you choose a shortcut okay
do you have a healing item that crap
nope did you use it maybe our back go
back I did photograph something sick oh
but also that way you're in armor you're
not in shortcuts I was not here
oh yeah okay yeah it's fine great figure
it out later
oh wait you're in the menu still get out
of the menu you might have used it
already because you are at full help
okay okay
me oh my god right it's pretty easy to
name so you're calling the stream you
know whatever what else are you gonna
name it
no sure I just found a Tower of London
code okay
maybe I can't put it on you yeah yeah
you should be able to put it on you
found I see some boots okay stop stop
yeah
press l1 until you're at the little
samurai mask okay you have some boots
okay you tell of London guard boots
which are already equipped all right all
right okay oh you didn't hold it well
that's why you got to pick it up men you
still get out of the menu there you go
yay on a it's by the way I want to say
the first hour of just playing this game
was figuring out the goddamn man uses it
is not user friendly whoa where do I go
to the Big O the big pad you can do this
rich I believe in you that's why I hate
playing games for the very first time on
stream I don't like it I like I'm rich
we're gonna get through this together we
can do anything by working with each
other you know you know do you know what
the most powerful ship in the Navy is
the friendship that's terrible
yeah yeah it is you know what it is it's
absolutely terrible
I said it and that's what we're doing
let's just keep going
great what's today's date the 8th that
sounds right it is the 8 great anonymous
says if you do stream Resident Evil 4
some trivia that might make it more
interesting for rich is that the first
over-the-shoulder third or that it's the
first over-the-shoulder third-person
shooter I heard oh also the directors
follow-up shooter was vanquish breeches
favorite but it's the wait it's I think
is gonna say something else I'm just got
to mention the vanquish connection I
mean it's that first over-the-shoulder
third-person shooter that's what he's
saying it beat vanquish that's gonna get
beat yours a walk to the punch
that's okay can't be that can't be true
according to you would you like me to
look it up
yes you would great I will get right out
I will go to Wikipedia would you like to
know more back in the day yeah on the PC
you could play Jedi Knight third person
I guess was a shoulder as a mod or no
like you could switch the camera the
third person I guess it wasn't over the
shoulder whatever that's worth which I
don't really care about one way or the
other
Resident Evil 4 January 2005 Gears of
War Gears of War 2006 so yeah Resident
Evil beat Gears of War by a couple years
for the first over-the-shoulder but how
do you know there's not have one before
as an evil force because I'm assuming
what anonymous told me is correct that's
that's always the best waited just
assume anyone that is a complete
stranger if they tell you something you
gotta assume it's true always always
oh that's right we looked into this for
the gears episode Killswitch you
remember that yeah number cover-based
what's Killswitch was also third version
I think we're arguing about a subtle
camera positioning we are would you I
that doesn't matter to me in any way
shape or form I hate to say my
preference is Mouse and first-person
sure
Killswitch was 2003 Killswitch was 2003
and I've already forgotten what the
Resident Evil 2000 after that was 2004
yeah so kill switches got it again kill
switch the game no one played made
history no one played that sometimes
happens wasn't the first movie to use CG
the young Sherlock Holmes which nobody
remembers that's right I think that's
the first movie you see gee there's like
the stained glass window that comes to
life or stained glass window monster
yeah I've never seen the movie but I
think that's the first use of CG and
nobody nobody knows that movie right
aside from that little footnote nobody
ever talks about that movie you're in
the menu still well that's that's bad
design choice yes yes by the way like in
in blood-borne or Dark Souls when you go
into the menu like it's way up in your
face and so you know if the menu is on
here the menu gets out of the way
first CG character is what there's a
perceived character of her that makes
sense and that CG still looks great I
have no idea
I've never seen the movie I've seen a
couple clips of that scene but I've
never seen a movie
like in this it's it's Dark Souls I like
that enemies apparently have stamina
yeah and you can see there you can see
their stamina gauge which is very nice
later you can upgrade your attacks to do
special things when their stamina is low
it's nice it's nice
ok where was I I was nowhere I was
floating
humberto Cabbage Patch says in evening
gentlemen who is the greatest living
American other than Tom Brady and rich
Evans but oh dude Tom Brady just went
another Super Bowl does that Tom Brady
or was that a different person who
wanted I didn't even watch the Super
Bowl
great I didn't once the Packers were out
I stopped paying any attention
Bill Gates okay it's Bill Gates is a
super billionaire and created something
people use every day and and now
hey I'm like and now novena living
America living and now spends all of his
day giving money back to those who are
in dire need Bill Gates is the greatest
living American well all right or
jean-claude Van Damme one not an
American we're not sure if he's alive
I'm gonna go with Shia LaBeouf yeah and
what's why he's a very deep and talented
artist no I don't know if you're aware
that's true he's not a complete fraud
whatsoever
great as I said Neal Breen yes that's
the right answer
oh he's the greatest at everything
you're right
neoprene is the greatest and everything
he does all the time ah la hob hello
rich Jack and Jay what are your
favourite half of the bag or best to the
worst episodes also have you seen
Scorsese's new movie silence now I
haven't seen silence yet the Christmas
episode the first one is a good one
I gotta go with the Miami connection
Deadly Prey our ticket to Hawaii that's
that's the most consistently
entertaining on very true those are the
best movies movies yeah I guess I might
be different as far as all-around
episode you know that was just a good
day and that's what that's why I'm so
fond of it all three movies were fun to
watch the discussion no for elves yeah
Santa Claus yeah extremely fun yeah yeah
I gotta give it to you
bigboy 15 want him to say hi hello
anonymous says you guys I figured about
Tommy Wiseau is corey feldman from the
future very little is known about
Tommy's past and Cory is getting weirder
I don't think Cory is getting weirder I
think he's been weird for a very long
time and he's just now getting
mainstream media exposure again for the
first time in a very long time he's been
doing the weird Michael Jackson ripoff
shit for decades that's true dad he has
always been weird the the problem is
he's still doing it so people starting
to like the source of his mental state
and like pointing cameras towards him
yeah which is why I didn't care like he
was on was a good morning in America
where we performed and it went viral and
I saw it I was like yeah he's weird and
this is sort of embarrassing whatever
and then they invited him back and so
people are like you see his new
performances new and it's like I just
felt like he was being like exploited oh
wait yeah let's turn our cameras towards
the crazy yeah it sorry it just kind of
made me feel not that I have like an
affection for corey feldman but I still
felt like kind of bad for him yeah like
he's being taken advantage of yeah I'm
with you
he's a sowed like desperately trying to
cling to any little amount of Fame that
he's willing to just embarrass himself
it's equipment going to be constantly
breaking so far it has not for me okay I
have none I'm getting a lot of
duplicates swords yeah and things
oh no and if it's if it's not equipped
you can pick everything up if it's not
equipped it doesn't count towards your
weight - this has a weight system a lot
like the other games but if it's not
equipped it doesn't count so just pick
up everything and that's what I say
and we'll say in relation to corey
feldman know that ascension millennium
video is truly a work of art it's that's
that's the good kind of failure where
it's just like it's like watching a
great bad movie yep really every
technical aspect is wrong that's
beautiful and just no one was there to
be like no maybe we should do another
take
yeah things got fucked up now we're just
gonna keep going yeah maybe we need to
rethink this idea cuz it doesn't look
good
yeah it's like you had the idea to do
the one shot thing and and it's just so
poorly executed right and you know at
that point like I could see like whoever
was operating a camera like Corey
probably paid him yeah because like he's
not doing him a favor
right so Corey probably paid him he's
just like oh this is what you want to
shoot you're okay with this of course
like yeah I'll put your name in the
credits and he goes no I'm good I'm good
I'm just here you know just the check
cash cash please actually I was in the
menu oh god that's awful the menu yeah
the menus I it takes a little bit to get
used to
Colonel rich mustard I've I'm a couple
hours in this game was sold to me as
dark souls with samurais and so far my
my review is close enough just close
enough
not a bad thing not a good things I go
right I'm a little bit out right right
now I was speaking of by the way Tommy
Wiseau
have you seen the picture of James
Franco understand me wise though I've
seen a couple pictures I was wondering
what happened to that movie cuz I feel
like they shot it like two years ago but
I just read something the other day that
it's supposedly gonna be premiering at
South by Southwest this year so it's
finally coming out I guess I know
there's a documentary about the room
made by some of the people that were in
the room so the actors okay and Tommy
Wiseau has been like trying to keep it
from getting released like he's been
doing like legal action and stuff
because he's Tommy was so and he's kind
of an ass crazy yeah yeah I think it's
called roomful of spoons what what room
full of spoons a documentary about the
making of the room alright and is he
trying to get it shut down because he's
not making any money off probably yes
yes I'm sure I think yes some sort of
like steak in the James Franco movie so
oh sure they go ahead and make it yeah
but yeah as far as I know the
documentary was made without his
involvement whatsoever so he wants to
shut that down something that makes me
look bad and I don't get any money i I'm
over that tommy was so he just seems
like kind of a jerk the room is a
comedic masterpiece but I haven't felt
the urge to watch it in a very long time
yeah sure by the way I don't know I I
also heard Jay say a broom full of
spoons how no room as in the room but
all said yes came from different stairs
oh the disaster artist has an audiobook
narrated by Greg oh yeah and he
apparently he does a great Tommy
impression oh I haven't listened to it
I've read the book it's a great book one
of these days I'll see the movie and
read the book
right I'm sure the problem is I gotta
find a group of people who haven't seen
it that's the hard part and see it with
that group of people who are also into
bad movies because I like I know boy you
should have seen it in the theatre they
used to play it at the Oriental all the
time that's the way to see it actually
that might not be the way to see it cuz
the last couple times I went there I was
so rowdy and everyone gets a screaming
so much that it kind of wasn't fun ruin
the experience yeah no I mean well that
was the one yeah you were there that was
the one where tell me who so was there
yeah that one was really bad but even
though I went to it a couple times
before that and every time it got a
little bit noisier a little bit a little
bit worse sure no I need to find a small
group of people who are into bad movies
and haven't seen the world so what I'm
saying is I will never see them and I'm
not by the way I'm perfectly content
with that yeah my family doesn't like
bad movies though not the way I like bad
dude dude dude dude oh dude
all right hold on hey Jay I heard you
like synth wave yeah what are your
favorite synth wave fans
uh I like carpenter brut quite a bit
carpenter perturbator I think they're
called that's a great yeah yeah those
two I like quite a bit I like the
because some of it just sounds like
exactly like the kind of cheesy 80s
stuff and then the stuff I like is more
of the things that are that kind of
sound like a more sort of like
romanticized idea of what that music was
and has more of like a drive like a like
a beat to it sure that's right like
carpenter brut look up um I think the
song is called turbo killer there's a
music video for carpenter brood that's
pretty awesome called turbo Kay I think
it's called turbo killer this is the
thing I listen to this music but I don't
pay attention to song titles or albums
it's good music to just put in put on in
the background while you're doing other
things oh yeah
pray kind of equals bonfire lit that fat
samurai pray is like when you sit at the
bonfire to to regain all of your health
and stamina but it also resets every
time rich prays at the altar he gets all
of his health and stamina back but it
also resets all of the enemies you are
going the wrong way yes yeah Jay
actually would probably really dig the
hotline Miami soundtrack yeah people
always mention that yeah there's the
camera bad what as me or is the camera
bad up those stairs yes normally is in
general fun in general is fine are you
locking on to people yeah okay in
general it's fine it's it's kind of the
same as blood-borne Dark Souls if you're
in a tight hallway it's a little nuts
but
up those stairs yes very bad I noticed
the same thing mister stat leveling
there is
there is
the the rough part with the hotline
Miami soundtrack just thinking of like
good synth wave albums is some of the
tracks are just like almost room tone
ambience oh sure and you come across one
of those tracks and it's no good it has
some amazing songs in it but overall as
an album like I skip a lot I really
comes on I really want there to be a
weapon combo system there's a hotline
Miami playlist on Spotify shit yeah
what do you mean right I will save that
mixing up light and heavy attacks
they're different things yes wouldn't it
be nice yes it would be very come on
Team Ninja you're made Ninja Gaiden I
know he made Ninja Gaiden the original
well they're 3d ones now it's it's a
group of game developers who have made a
bunch of hack and slash games known for
their like combo system okay and they're
a thing off of the Dark Souls
blood-borne people who there is a combo
system but it's not like as intense but
there is like a light light texturing
heavy combos it's really light extremely
simple combo system but there is one and
this game so far as I've seen does not
have a combo system and so then you're
just pressing one button over and over
and over again and it makes combat not
so satisfied a little repetitive yeah
well in blood-borne the strategy was
more just when to hit them when the
dodge didn't need a combo system but it
was there yeah it was there and boy
that's so hardly worth talking about a
blood-borne ose that's what made the
combats of fluid for me is you know
light light extend the weapon heavy you
know you could you could do a lot in
blood-borne z' combat system what Bart
was like knowing you know attacking
these guys works back with the quick
fast Reich's and though this enemy you
really want to charge up the big heavy
strike know this enemy you want to you
want to do that the riposte
and then attack them that's that was
blood-borne strategy I don't know that
it that blood war did that mean a combo
system
it made the kind it didn't need it it
made the combat system more fluid okay
to have that option and satisfying doing
like they'll appear
Perry slaughter I was doing a lot of
hand motions there we really wish you
guys could have seen that it was awesome
yeah yeah okay yellow ranger yes Jay
just mentioned he listened to perturb
perturbator perturbator perturbator
turbo ater I think is what's her berate
er I don't know names or things I think
that's where I came over perturbator yes
like it yeah I like them
hey guys says John 1089 loved the newest
nerd crew however Mike sang one of his
top movies was signals similar I'm sorry
that when someone tipped it moved
everything down right Mike saying one of
his top movies was Warcraft went beyond
suspension of disbelief I liked that
movie but can assure you know YouTube
nerds did okay okay we'll go back in and
read up the video I never I was kind of
curious just cuz I like Duncan Jones but
I never saw it how maybe I'll rent it
one of these days I'm very curious about
worker whatever more than anything is
like that's not terrible it's just
really dull yeah and and sort of
confusing if you're not already familiar
with that world yeah so I've kind of
been curious about it I have a very good
friend who still to this day plays with
the same World of Warcraft crew he's
been playing with for the past I mean at
this point 15 years oh wow I mean like
they go to visit each other they all
have kids they know each other's kids
it's just like every couple times a week
they all they'll play together yeah like
what do you think about this Warcraft
movie he's like no one cares that's the
things like it's your you get immersed
in the world right like that's the whole
reason to play the game so why would you
want to see a version of that where you
don't where it's not you like I said
what yeah also like Warcraft is your
character right yeah it seems like an
odd thing to adapt to movie yeah so he
he said all like all the people he knows
we were super into Warcraft and just
don't give a shit about the movie you
know the plane wave flops the except for
in China did really well the Chinese
they loved it I wonder how popular the
game is in China I wonder if they saw it
is like a fantasy movie you want to go
that way thank you I am completely
everything looks the same it's very easy
no no I don't want to no no there's
there's a set of stairs over here
want to go down I just came from this
way
I am so awesome everything looks the
same go this way this is the way to go
now go all the way down these sticks
although it no cowboy down
yeah you're on our way
sassy look there's something new you're
fine
Tom Hardy says he's still trying to get
a splinter cell movie made
what are they just gonna give up the
Assassin's Creed movie came out that
flops floppity floop can't can't they
just stop nope haven't they figured it
out yet they you know why cuz they got
they got a couple series that are their
workhorses they got that Resident Evil
series yeah and that's why I don't know
if the new one is done well I haven't
paid any attention like financially it
probably did okay but I haven't paid any
attention I was looking into this and
people had me on their podcast the other
week and we were talking about Resident
Evil games in the movies and so I went
looking into the budget and the box
office for all the Resident Evil movies
he's make Hank oh yeah well I don't
think they cost a whole lot to make they
may have a relatively cheap for
achievement and the latest one was a
price drop in the budget area oh really
I want to say the last Resident Evil
movie was 60 million this one was only
40 bucks oh wow
usually with sequels like keep until
they stop making money they every movie
gets a little bit more expensive but
they still make money you know we're
overseas oh sure that's where they want
them but like the Resident Evil series
has been a consistent workhorse for
whoever whatever studio puts that out
yeah and they've been making them for so
long
mm-hmm that first one is like what mm if
one doesn't - right
yeah and Milla Jovovich just doesn't age
so that's why they can keep making them
she's fucking great I like her a lot
just as a person I wish he did more
stuff I don't know she's in much aside
from the Resident Evil movies that's all
she needs to do yeah Sam she's set she's
sitting gets to hang out with a family
maybe yeah make the movies and now that
it's over though what you're gonna do
the fight it is called the final chapter
and if history has taught us anything so
when your movie is called the final
chapter it is definitely the last one
they don't make six or seven more what's
what's Lucas all working on maybe he
wants me about like Friday the 13th
that's what I'm talking about yeah that
was the fourth movie in a series that's
now well would have been up to 13 if
they didn't cancel the new one
was the reboot good uh it's a Friday the
13th movie okay it felt like another
Friday the 13th movie visually I seen
clips visually it looks nice
the the mm what was that 2009 somebody
made yeah yeah it's it's a fine Friday
the 13th movies just as dumb as it needs
to be that's the thing of that series
like I I love them but I know they're
not anything great
they're just fun as dumb as it needs to
keep keep it simple with those movies
once you start having them go to space
even though space one's kind of fun like
Jason goes to hell really introduced the
idea that he can like body swap it's
like just get a bunch of dumb horny
teenagers have a big dumb silent guy
violently murdered them yeah I know Luke
Masson is doing valerian which looks
great by the way
I don't even think I've seen the trailer
for that I've heard of this great it's
brown have any sort of strong feelings
about Lucas on I liked the professional
yeah and I still one of these days need
to re-watch the fifth element yes you do
but aside from that I don't think I care
about him what what else has he done
then I should carry me Leah Jovovich the
Joan of Arc movie I did not oh it's
pretty crazy looking him up cuz yeah
what else did did he do see oh I'm a
near death and I don't even know it I
think he produced Lucy let me see her I
didn't see all you need to know is he
did the fifth element and that's the
greatest movie ever he did do eat a
direct Lucy yeah what does this other
crap he's directed Arthur and the
revenge of Mel Mel 2 xored what is this
crap fuck yeah what the hell is this
some crazy French bullshit I'm sure yes
cuz it's Luke best oh he don't give no
fuck
I thought he directed more things yeah I
did the professional and then Fifth
Element then that Joan of Arc movie yep
then several years of things I've never
heard of these a series of movies with
Arthur in the title Lucy yeah I don't
care about Lucas on yre
what the Fifth Element is a movie that I
love one of these days already watch it
with too much passion I'll watch it and
I'll just I'll just try and zone out
what's-his-face
Chris Tucker that was the reason I had
trouble getting through when I first saw
it I hated him so much yes you're
supposed more so than Jar Jar well I
watched all of the Phantom Menace I did
not watch all the fifth element oh he's
so annoying that it killed anything in
that movie for me I know it scared
you're supposed to be annoying I get
that but it's still I'm still holding a
grudge fifteen years later however long
it's apparently I will rewatch it one of
these days I loved his character
I loved the I loved any scene with him
and Bruce Willis it was my favorite
well what rapid camera movement
anonymous says hi thanks for all the
entertainment the last prereq made me
wonder if you've seen errant signals
similarly topic videos that's no game
beginner's guide Stanley parable if not
they're kind of neat rich have you seen
that no you're in the overlay or you're
in the menu before what do they do that
it's a really dumb design decision right
I wanted to warn you before you got no
fight I have not seen it but I might be
interested in it that was a fun episode
I enjoyed that episode our abstract an
electron episode talking about weird
indie arty games harmed anonymous says
Jack where is that beautiful overlay I
know we decided to - can it because our
monitors are acting funny
this looks so bland and unprofessional
you're totally right about us also a
great best of the worst guys I hope Jack
never gets a turn on link ed oh I'm
gonna get a turn I mean the next one
will not gonna get it I think guarantee
it every single damn time you guys
alright humberto Cabbage Patch says
where did you get the stock music for
feeding frenzy the first time I watched
the movie I instantly recognized it from
a South Park episode yeah if you watch
surely South Park episodes you'll hear
that same music oh yeah yeah oh great
there's a whole backstory to that to the
music and feeding frenzy that I won't
get into but it was we hired a guy that
kind of arranged everything so where the
stock music came from I couldn't tell
you
boy beads I have played Thomas was alone
rich if you played Thomas was alone no
oh it's a it's a cute little puzzle
platformer it's a little on the Rd side
very similar to Stanley parable a lot of
voiceover narration adorable adorable
game Thomas was alone Jay really
important question what is the best
talking head song uh this must be the
place
slash naive melody that's the song the
one played at my funeral
I'm already planning for that stuff
that's a good idea beefcake I'm gonna
bring my own clean kettleball I'm gonna
go rogue
then they won't be able to stop rogue
one I'll die at the end
spoiler alert spoiler alert for a movie
that everybody's stopped talking about
already yeah no one's talking about that
movie anymore nope that was quick
that's weird they're well they'd the
title for the next one came out so now
they've moved on to that and this will
continue so we're all dead
yep yeah death that's why I'm already
playing in my funeral I gotta get away
from Star Wars
let's see here anonymous says one thing
yell didn't mention in your Miami
connection review is the fact that
despite its name the movie takes place
almost entirely in Orlando yeah I think
there's like one I think the opening is
in Miami and that's the only part that's
the connection that's the connection
yeah though he doesn't have to take
place all in Miami it just has to have a
connection to it right that's where this
brilliant film are you questioning that
film by the way the Miami connection was
that's where the drugs were coming from
because that's where the ninjas were in
the opening yes that was the Miami
connection it's perfect it's brilliant
we understood the movie perfectly
brilliant so you settle down a little
bit anonymous how about that I'm trying
to think there's there's a move there's
got to be a movie I think I'm there's
something somewhere in my brain that's
like the name of a town or the name of a
state or something and then the movie
has nothing to do with that
maybe someone the check and figured out
there's something in my brain that this
is something that exists but I don't
know what it and I'm not thinking to
Brazil no are you thinking of that like
something Wisconsin oh there's a movie
called Milwaukee Minnesota I walk in
Minnesota which I know people that
worked on that movie you think I'm
walking
Indiana Jones that's it it's Indiana
Jones and no point do they go to Indiana
Idaho transfer I don't know what that is
no Fargo takes place in Fargo my own
private Idaho
Fargo similar to Miami connection though
where it's only one very very tiny part
of the movie takes place in Fargo I
think it could have been called the
Fargo connection
the Fargo connection would have been a
much better title no China Illinois
takes place in China Illinois the
fictional city China Illinois is that a
movie yeah do you know who what's his
name Brad Neely is it makes like little
did you ever see
he makes little animated shorts did you
ever see like he has a little rap about
George Washington about how George
Washington is so awesome I don't know
what this is your time oh he's great he
also has a series called babycakes about
this like giant fat bald man child okay
and heat now and now he has a show on
Adult Swim culture with all the stupid
characters and it's great it's very it's
very weird and it's just
Brad million nett familiar he he did
back in the day before this was the
thing that people did he did an entire
overdub of the Harry Potter movies using
his own voices like and he does very
strange voices where he's like and hair
he would walk into the wizard table and
that old wizard fucks it Harry yeah get
off my shit man
and so you know you'd see you'd have to
sync it up and watch the Harry Potter
with no sound and listen to him just do
voices for everyone for the whole bird
what just like the first movie or I want
to say the first two movies Wow yeah
that's dedication they were it was great
the old YouTube vid Washington yep
Washington fucking Washington six foot
tall made of radiation wizard people
that's what it's called wizard people
thank you chest
is this on YouTube or something like the
audio or where do you get it oh this was
ages ago I have no idea when do those
movies come out a while
mm I mean as far as internet goes yeah
I'd have no idea where to get him now
like I want to say I I like Heather and
this was before torrents and so like I
think I had to use like Kazaa Sam oh
right to get the audio that he
distributed on cuz I or Shazam himself
because he couldn't make any money there
was a hole there in a whole documentary
he was a part of about I want maybe it's
called wizard people to like about the
Harry Potter subculture Wow
it's very strange documentary Jack no
rich found out where to go he's that's
fine he's fine
LimeWire yeah I'm wired edonkey do you
remember that one
I didn't renews II don't you called eat
I think it's called a donkey it was
something donkey oh it is on YouTube now
great we should all watch that and enjoy
a little brand-new night what a
beautiful man what a beautiful beautiful
man all right let's see hi guys this dr.
doom it up J I recently showed bone
tomahawk to my mostly mainstream
watching friends and to my surprise they
loved it no good they also liked Krampus
and I'm showing them turbo kid next yeah
fuck it well first of all you've got the
makings of a movie night right there
yeah turbo kid is a crowd pleaser
servo kids watch that on my birthday a
couple years ago but what a great what a
great like evening yeah bunch of people
watching serve okay now watching turbo
kid cheering as you do with turbo kids
to do it servo kid okay he's looking for
other
suggestions dr. doom adapt is um mostly
mainstream but the help that mainstream
people like but doesn't have to be
completely mainstream um right
that's tough
trying to think it's my inclination is
always to get like too weird but then
you know you don't wanna turn everybody
else I mean any any of the older John
Carpenter movies if they haven't seen
you know Big Trouble in Little China
that's a crowd-pleaser
oh I mean that's certainly a little more
mainstream than something like turbo kid
but yeah your friends have not seen it
it's a wonderful film that's it that's a
good one to start dipping into a little
bit of weirdness yeah batter they live
yeah find one to get to get your mostly
mainstream friends into
Deathstalker no no one should know I'm
so much desktop no one needs to have a
Deathstalker night like you need a turbo
kid night yes that's for sure
you don't need a Deathstalker thinking
about showing them escape from New York
absolutely no that's a great one they
might find a boring skip from New York's
a little slow it a little dry I love it
but something like big trouble Oh China
will play better with a crowd yeah
I always just fun from the first frame
agreed agreed
bad news everyone hi rich hi hi Jack hi
hi Jay hello in the superhero what the
head armor it looks so stupid it wasn't
worth it what so superficial right yeah
I admitted no I don't give a fuck that's
fair no that's fair
okay in the superhero best the worst
episode Jay mentioned Superman three and
four would be good movies for a future
episode just want to say hope that
happens
Cheers kind of set yeah well I wanna say
like cuz I think we had an idea to do
like the decline of the super n sequels
whatever dude super in two then three
then four but I don't feel like two
would be good to do no 2 is pretty solid
yeah I mean Superman for if we could
just top and put that like with two
other shitty superhero movie which is
the one with the Richard Pryor's at four
that's three three three three is not
great but four is fucking terrible yeah
that's a prime best of the worst movie
okay but we would need to team it up
with two more come from movies what I'll
tell you this if you have a copy of low
blow to and you can get it to us before
Saturday well it's not called low blow
too though no it's not it's called uh
let me see if I can find it blood
streets and if you can get that to us
are in Leo Fong before Saturday we would
not complain it would be put to good
use what would you do if you if you do a
decline of superhero episodes you have
Superman for what out what else could go
in there like wait wait wait what do you
mean decline no no we were gonna do the
decline in the Superman movie yeah where
they they increasingly get worse oh I
don't think I would want to do I
definitely would want to do too and I
don't think I want that we would do
three but four we could do well and
that's Superman episode 2 - sorry if I
misspoke to shift the the theme instead
of the declining Superman declining
superhero movies like the lowest point
in a superhero franchise exactly are
there anything I think well nothing
comes close your hand for right now
steel steel steel I know I saw steel
which technically is kind of a Superman
yeah it's a combo character from the
Superman universe right it's is he's one
of the characters that replaced that's
right after the Justice you right now
doesn't have to be super like Batman and
Robin well we've done a commentary for
that though true and I'm not watching it
again I'm done with that movie for the
rest of my life now
behind very it was very unsportsmanlike
it was absolutely was it bothers me that
there's I have yet to find like a super
attack that you can do when you sneak up
on ya know because there are some guards
that you can sneak up on like that and I
want to do something vicious to them
what what we have so far yeah is yes
kind of like Souls and blood-borne but
now is good kind of like good yeah good
but good because they're aping a very
good game if you remember what my minute
micro review was at the start of this
yeah good
close enough yeah it kind of fills that
blood-borne void but we just had Dark
Souls 3
recently yeah that didn't do it you know
what that's into as good a job for me
this is kind of Dark Souls 3 level first
Dark Souls 3 is fine that's fine no
blood no blood-borne I'll say Dark Souls
3 is better than this listen we need to
do something with tank girl and I don't
know tank tank girl does not fit into
any of our formats it's not bad enough
for best of the worst yeah it's not good
or interesting enough for review you
think it isn't until we do a Tank Girl
episode no and tank girl like falls into
that that that cavern of of completely
worthless
for our purposes yeah
it's definitely not good but it's also
not terrible I can all I can tell you is
possibly the biggest boy crush I had on
any actress growing up was was Lauri
very petty oh man if she wasn't in that
movie it would be a much worse movie oh
yeah she's good she's got a ton of
charisma in that yeah and you can tell
she just loves playing that part yeah
that helps the movie quite a bit oh she
was having some fun with it
yeah I only watched Sin City 2 for
Jessica Alba
doesn't care about anything else in the
movie Oh what about that one
speaking of superhero movies into kind
the spirit oh I've never seen that
neither bye
yeah that was a huge flop a huge flop
just trying to ape off of the success of
Sin City the Frank Miller direct that
movie I think should be no no
embarrassing yeah so super mad for the
spirits spirits oh that's right
he did he did direct it oh let's see
here fortunately I just saved oh you
just a very convenient nice
well one small ball says exploiting
weird and crazy people provides the
greatest entertainment on a completely
unrelated note hello rich oh that must
be back when we were talking about Corey
Feldman Corey Feldman that poor mentally
unbalanced man
yep fucked up by Hollywood yeah but like
other child actors didn't might be some
of him too out there well he was abused
he was abused what yeah I've never heard
this before
yes typically not from Corey Feldman oh
yeah in every single interview he's ever
done no I was a joke person by who I
don't think he's ever sent for whatever
reason he but you know what his accent
you know what he had not know Natalie's
made in he's made insinuations about
like a lot of people yeah la people he
could also just be desperate for
attention
my name is Tate says hey thanks Jay
turbo killer just got added to the
rocket League playlist I can dig it
ah
yeah that's a great song turbo killer
and an awesome video recruit more pimps
for you says guys I directed a short
video for history 1301 and it made me
realize what a task it is to direct a
good film I gave you all credits as
inspiration also J thoughts on the films
of Terry Gilliam Gilliam Gilliam uh Alec
Terry Gilliam I like some movies more
than others but I mean he's certainly
got a lot of ambition mm-hmm like Brazil
I really like 12 monkeys DRC 12 monkeys
yes wonderful movie I didn't you know
what I didn't even know that was there
yeah yeah sir you going that's great
that's one of his more kind of
mainstream ones I guess but it's a
really good movie it is they didn't know
that was part of you know like there's
there's no certain staple of movies like
when you are high school early college
aged film nerd like there's everybody
watch yep
that's part of them I really like Fear
and Loathing in Las Vegas yeah I don't
know if I'd say I like it that's fair
enough when I stopped using boards like
boards the nuke afford have you ever
seen the Fisher King Robin Williams oh I
love the Fisher King that's yeah nice
Terry Gilliam that's a good movie
are you trying to think of the movie
Jack I'm trying to think of who it's him
and and Jeff Bridges Robin Williams is
like a crazy homeless man never seen it
apparently none I'm searching the
recesses of my brain it also has one of
the worst criterion covers of all time
Jeff Jeff Bridges is a talk show a shock
talk radio show host yeah this is like
early 90s who inspired a man to go on a
shooting spree and the ended up killing
Robin Williams wife from Williams used
to be like a successful author and
doctor yeah and then years later Jeff
Bridges runs across Wow Robin Williams
who was now crazy and homeless yeah and
and in search for some kind of
redemption tries to improve his life it
sounds like a great movie
wonderful yeah lots of fantasy elements
cuz Robin Williams has leaked these
visions and it's really really good oh I
know how has this this is combined like
yeah I don't even know if I've even
heard of this how this passed me by I
don't know I was yeah it was like early
like ninety one night well I mean I
didn't see it back then I didn't see it
so years later yeah I mean I guess I'm a
bit younger than you guys so now it's
I'm criterion and has the absolute worst
cover and I think criterion covers are
kind of bullshit anyway a lot of times
Google people in the chat Google The
Criterion cover for the Fisher King it's
so fucking ugly oh well this sounds like
something I need to see you leave our
what it's a good movie yeah I'm still
listen I'm still working I've seen Noah
I'm so behind on everything my life is a
mess I blame panty party 91 Jack was
busy playing pokemons no no that was too
young for Pokemon to know it's my
perfect day folks my wood we didn't have
we did not have a Game Boy on the farm
no Gameboy yes and then missing us Noah
with Russell Crowe that movie so bad
that's an ambitious movie I think it's
worth watching I'm so excited to see it
I I like Darren Aronofsky yeah I think
it's an interesting subject material and
what's he working on now right you know
we were talking the other day about
Darren Aronofsky well we were talking
about a different movie and I came up
with the perfect project for Darren okay
something he should have together on a
first name basis now mr. Aaron weld
Aronofsky we Aronofsky I thought of the
project that he could have saved that's
that the Watchmen hmm
the thought is think about the Watchmen
in the style of the wrestler Oh more
like gritty and grounded about less Zack
Snyder he he unless sex honey but about
washed-up superheroes sure yeah I can
see that just looking for one last fight
like he what he was the choice to that's
that's the whole idea is that the
Watchmen are supposed to be serve a
realistic take on these things but it
still has like the over-the-top exec
Snyder action right which is sort of
counterproductive to what they're doing
well and it's like in the comic books
like they get into fights but like
they're all out of shape and they're you
know like they get hurt yeah they're
slobs right yeah the movie they're
supposed to be slobs but the action
scenes are still like super
choreographed and stylish right right
that is not a terrible idea bet this is
a great idea I can see it
Darren oh I love that wrestler beautiful
that's my favorite movie of his
black swans a closer i need to really
sought that one time in the theater i
thought it was really great but there
were a few moments of unintentional
hilarity actual wrestlers have talked
about how true life oh sure well i know
a lot of it was loosely based on jake
the snake' when he was at his lowest I
don't even like Bruce Springsteen all
that much it's song so good the fountain
was that was kind of already party I saw
that in the theater I don't remember a
single thing about it I saw that my food
I don't remember one shot from that
movie or if I don't remember anything
that was like a in one ear out the other
movie yeah yeah there was you know what
not a lot to that movie but I still
remember I went to go see it with a
friend of mine who's really into way to
go like motion graphics three 3d
graphics like he create he makes 3d
stuff like you know he makes CG and so
he saw that as a as an artist and like
oh like they made this using like you
know a lot of the trippy backgrounds you
don't remember it had like a lot of
those like 70s trippy backgrounds that
they made on film not using computers
and there's like very little computer
graphics and so he he came out loving it
just for all the technical aspects okay
but it's so why isn't Hugh Jackman
fighting anything where's this clause I
don't get it
is it time-travel I seriously cannot
remember a single thing about that movie
I remember the floating tree in space no
you know really no man I I don't
remember anything about it's not even
that old
no it's not that over 2006 ten years ten
years that's all - first - completely
out of my mind
I got menu
Hugh Jackman is so vain he's been
pumping for the past ten years not
steroids just iron nuts and he's using
steroids
uh you know what I might like watch the
fountain now that I'm a little older and
enjoy it but at the time he's got to eat
the tree but the trees is wife I think
that was it I think the tree was his
wife I'll be honest with ya it was a
whole thing it was a whole thing
okay this recommendation is for Jace's
VAR er 77 but you know for day mainly
but all of you really if you're into
horror literature okay so Jay even then
you're you're cutting it close here you
should check out these short stories of
mr james all in public domain great
creepy ghosts tales okay and them are
not familiar I'm not too big into ghost
stories as far as horror stuff goes
paranormal things are like my least
favorite yeah but it depends on the
story of course it depends on the movie
or whatever yeah I've actually read the
occasional creepypasta online I thought
was neat yeah yeah what it's a
creepypasta horrible that's where
Slender Man started yes yes okay and
then someone will take the idea and
write another Slenderman stole yeah yeah
that wouldn't it wouldn't just be
Slenderman right right which there is a
really great documentary that premiered
on HBO called the beware the Slenderman
about the the two girls in Waukesha that
killed their tried to kill their friend
because of Slenderman because of
Slenderman yeah cuz I didn't I don't
know much of a Thunder man I know what
he looks like visually but I didn't know
the whole backstory that like you can
sacrifice someone to him and then you
get to go live in his castle out in the
woods it's this whole thing really and
that's why these little girls tried to
kill their friend they were sacrificing
their their friend the Slenderman it has
me mortal man how old um I want to say
they're like 12 ish I can see that I can
see that that's still do anyone
listening and when I say Waukesha that's
just outside of Milwaukee this happened
like right in this area
oh yeah that's 20 minutes for like two
three years ago
we have that beware of the Slenderman
documentary it mostly focuses on them
and like you know I'm getting because
there's like the actual like footage of
them getting interrogated by the cops
afterwards and stuff it's really
unsettling yeah what is there so like
emotionless about it
what is this call is this only available
on the the HBO shit yes it is only
available on the HP oh shit HP oh my god
I think it's only available on HBO at
the moment but it's it's it's good it's
all done what's it gonna be where the
Slenderman where the Slenderman yeah
that's like there but it starts
explaining like creepypasta is in the
back story of Slenderman and all that
stuff and then it gets more into the
girls story sure but yeah oh some of the
the interview footage is chilling that
sounds great
and I can see that like at 12 like
you're still kind of in that like some
you know some fake things are real
something yeah well that's the other
there the cops are you know asking them
questions and they're just explaining
Slenderman like as just completely
matter-of-factly that is so crazy
it's it's really yeah it's it's a little
disturbing that's why I take such great
pains with my children ghosts don't
exist
yeah well make a so one of these two
girls she has like mental you know
issues outside of that so that
contributes to books are fake yeah and
it's okay that they're fake we can still
enjoy them but none of them reach at all
the cutscene just did that no I'm sorry
again it's someone recently speaking of
things being fake talking to me about a
Serbian film have you ever heard of a
Serbian film it's called that's the name
of the movie
it is a movie made it it's it is an
actual Serbian film there was a movie in
Serbia was the name of the movie is a
Serbian film and I you know I'm pretty
like open and interested in really sort
of extreme movies but I've know enough
about a serbian film to know I don't
want to see it because it's it's pretty
from what I understand it's pretty out
there
we go test and so that was sort of my
cut off some explain you know someone
who's talking to you on a Serbian film
you know it's and that's basically what
I said is like you know I know enough
about it oh my god that sounds like the
chat out of the chat is are they really
- Serbian film yeah oh my god that
sounds awful that's the thing it's like
I mean I was explaining and I was like
you know I I'm open to you know extreme
movies and I guess there is sort of a
like a metaphorical aspect of the movie
like I guess it's about the Serbian
government in a weird way okay like it's
making a statement about that from what
I understand but I'm like you know I
know what happens in it I you know I'm
open to you know kind of more intense
movies but I don't think I need to see
that might cut off there's a line that
you're now yeah that's my cutoff and
then there was like a long pause so it
so I explained all that and then there's
a long pause and then they just go we
have it's fake I know it's fake you
still don't want to see the baby I need
to see it yeah but it's fake like I mean
you're right I don't know what happened
that you're talking about but you have a
reputation for liking yeah it's and if
this crosses a line for Jesus like well
I mean I haven't seen the movie so I
can't comment for sure but it sounds
like something that's like you know I
don't need to see this even I have my
limits
yeah that's fine
so now if you press circle and triangle
together you get living weapon right
circle triangle together is I guess what
I'm saying that's your spirit protector
and I shall help you okay okay I can
deal with living weapon mode yeah it
sounds fun yeah it's I it's I anonymous
says dear j1 have you ever seen Tim
Heidecker movie review slash half in the
bag parody on cinema I've seen on cinema
I don't think it has anything to do with
half in the bag
- if Adult Swim gave you money to
produce a ten minute short like too many
cooks
what would you produce oh god I would
need a lot of time to think about that
right now
I would probably make something closer
to unedited footage of a bear which we
just watched right before the stream
because Richard never seen it if this
stream was a couple minutes late it's
because we were watching unedited
footage of a bear which which had yet to
scene yeah I was like this is important
this is important enough to delay the
stream so we can watch it again and it's
but if I were to do something it would
probably be closer to that than to too
many cooks even though I like both of
them a lot they go sanic gak Jack
doesn't get to drop the plink out of
puck is not a meme guy stop trying to
make Jack doesn't get to drop the point
get a puck happen Jack doesn't get to
drop to blink at a pop isn't etc great
alright what hours yeah I say the thing
you wrote a thing running joke yeah
everything's a meme now rich anytime you
have a joke in something it's not a joke
anymore it's a means I mean everything's
a mean are there so there's some there's
some gray area like in the Venn diagram
of Nieman joke there is some crossover
okay no this is not a meme it's just a
joke sure you have to not know where it
originated that you've heard it anyway
yeah in a certain way what crosses over
would be the dick the birthday boy
picture yeah that's a meme that's me
because I have there people that have
seen that that don't know anything about
us great all right but just saying is
blank replacing blank over and over and
over that's just a tired reference
that's just a tired reference did it did
everyone hear that it doesn't matter
they're gonna keep doing it hyoeun
reference they enjoy saying and we can
make fun of them for it that's also fine
that's the way it goes and I was yes
we've seen the new spongebob movie me
and my family there's a new spongebob
movies they're still making a man it's
still making him not theatrical then I
guess cuz there was a theatrical
spongebob movie yeah it was the andric
years and years ago yeah when was this
last year oh oh that's right there's a
lot of live-action in it don't they come
to like our world or something yeah I
think I remember Xena trailer they did
that in the old one - oh vaguely
remember a trailer for this new
spongebob
they're fine they're fine the spongebob
everyone likes spongebob it used to be
like you click on Nickelodeon at any
time any day spongebob was on oh yeah
they've switched it up now it's a little
a little looser on Nickelodeon button I
want them all Jack I want them all
here's what I will tell you rich yeah
this is not like blood-borne ok you
don't pick a weapon and kind of have to
stick with it for a while all these do
is help you pick skill points ok like
what happened in this tutorial level
enemies will drop weapons yeah and you
can switch on the force I don't get one
of these weapons the the first weapon I
chose when I started the next level I
happened to find that weapon first so
possibly the first weapon you find is
whatever you find the others you find
all sorts of weapons all sorts of
weapons and so like look at the
attribute bonus all right looking at all
right yeah you get them all
oh I get to yes that's true one cold
monkey and Cartoon Network only plays
Teen Titans go all day and I'm okay with
that I like that Teen Titans go that's
funny
that's that's funny that like I like
Teen Titans go and now I'm gonna be
really upset I'm gonna be extra upset
when I watch the Justice League movie
cuz they're gonna have like serious
cyborgs in it and in Teen Titans go
cyborg is wacky
and I love them they'll probably be way
more reasons to be upset about the
Justice League movie than that oh I'm
sure
choose your Goderich firewolf water
shark bird green what a min/max do you
think the odds are Ben Affleck
eventually dropping out completely from
the Batman movie well it was the under
contract no oh wait he was under
contract for Batman V Superman 8 Justice
League and I want to say one other thing
that isn't the Batman movie so I don't
think they even have him for sure locked
into that
holy shit check and correct me if I'm
wrong but I'm pretty sure he's not
locked in to do the Batman movie holy
shit yeah what a clusterfuck that DC
just continues to be ready for my for my
totally informed always accurate I guess
right here 100% he's dropping out of it
I would not be surprised hundred
actually when I saw like news articles
starting to pop up that he dropped out
of directing it like I legitimately
laughed out loud it's like of course of
course
a hundred percent
he dropped well and it like he dropped
out of directing because like a while
before and he said I will only direct it
if the scripts good yeah well he's
writing it still supposedly
yeah yeah he's still way out they
dropped out of directing the there
bullshit PR diz because he didn't think
he could focus on the directing and the
acting at the same time cuz he's never
done that before
he's never directed a movie that he
acted it no that's just that's just he
finally got a taste of what dealing with
Schneider as an executive producer and
WB as executive producer would be and he
said nope
yeah he noped right out of that one he
had gir righted it so it's a shame too
because I know he's like a legitimate
fan of Batman and he wants to do it
right but no and you know what as a
writer and director he has a decent eye
yeah like did you see Argo
I haven't seen her go no it's nothing
special but it's solid sure and it's
like oh he can direct a movie right
that's great and he's an Academy Award
winning director like DC has that yeah
and they're fucking it up yep it's
amazing the all you gotta do is let him
go man just let him go let him go do his
thing let him do his Batman thing I
gotta get the little fingers and
everything those W beep dickheads
oh shit Oh
oh man I'm so behind on tips sorry guys
I'm bored
I'll try to be okay here we go okay well
here we go hey hey Jay since I know
you're in a horror I'd like to know your
opinion on the phantasm movies or if
you've ever seen them oh yeah I've seen
all those I like the first one a lot
some people love that first one I think
it it's a little corny in parts in a way
that is off-putting I really really like
the second one the third one silly and
stupid fourth ones boring and the new
one that came out last year is almost
unwatchable it's a great concept with
some really great surreal visuals and
kind of a mythology to it that's
interesting
lots of really kind of iconic elements
but overall I think it's it's not a
great series the first two movies are
good and that's about it just like let
him hit you so the game knows that you
know how to garden Dutch I think that's
what they're asking of you here they go
hey you fuck OHS enjoying the stream
while playing football manager I got an
offer from one of my university choices
approved and I got AIDS thanks a lot
fellas stances that's need stances so
hold down r1
yeah well done r1 and then you get to
choose your stance low medium or high
stance low stance you're more guarded
but it costs more energy to swing high
stance you're less guarded but it costs
less energy to swing in middle is the
middle so kind of interesting kind of
interesting Abbot esh wanted to express
my continued appreciation for prereq
riches subtle intelligence Jack's
gleeful sincerity and sometimes Jay
loved it humberto cabbage french there's
one last tip anyone c.split fantastic
film great acting all around thanks for
the entertainment Jay have you seen lik
I really really liked split I don't know
if we're gonna do a video I think it's
one of those ways it's gonna kind of
fall through the cracks of other stuff
we're working out I I won't say too much
about it in case we do but I'm sure
eventually we'll talk about it but yeah
I really liked split hmm M night
Shyamalan has kind of redeemed himself
for 15 years of terrible movies really
yeah it's amazing how much stronger this
is than everything else he's done well I
think he's been kind of humbled by the
fact that he's made nothing but flops
for 15 years or it's like he's kind of
dropped a bit of a pretentious quality
mm-hmm he did it with the visit what was
that two years ago yeah where it's just
more of a straightforward kind of pulpy
movie and then splits kind of the same
way he wants you they want you to attack
with the high stance I did I don't know
all right whatever they want to do to
only attack with ice hey that's what I
did okay you did it everything's fine
now did a number of times so now do it
low stance yeah no shit
Hansa processes
cha-ching making it rain bitches who's
your daddy that's right honza frosh is
your daddy give daddy a kiss ladies
thanks sounds of rush chip ole or says
hey J I know that you love stranger
things any thoughts on the Super Bowl
teaser for season 2 I love the
Ghostbusters outfit and the last shot is
fucking awesome also hi jack and rich
I'm excited for it just because it's
stranger things - yeah yeah I mean it's
the Super Bowl teaser short there's some
cool shots in it but I mean I'm just
excited for it just because I like the
first season a lot right yeah exactly
just that they're wearing those posters
outfits well that's cute but yeah that
what's gonna get me hyped exactly yeah
there's one shot on the trailer where
they open a front door and there's it
looks like the mist outside like really
good that looks cool well I love that
they started it as an egg oka mercial
yeah that wasn't he knows fun what what
might worried me is what what do you do
in season 2 like can you can you have
can you do the same structure again
where the kids go off an adventure and
and then the teens have the teen
adventure yeah that hopper goes on the
hopper adventure then they all meet up
together I'm hoping it's not that hoping
structurally it's it's different yeah
yeah
we'll see yeah like yeah it's exciting
that you know the teaser was on the
Superbowl like Netflix was confident
enough in the show that yeah they
fucking paid for a Superbowl commercial
that Netflix knows what they're doing
yeah what was it that Business Insider
was just doing like an article on
Netflix and they're reportedly losing or
not they're not making an estimated
three billion dollars a year because
they don't run ads hmm
similar services they they they took
Netflix's numbers and compared it to
similar services who do run ads and like
like a flu or something yeah okay and so
Netflix because they don't want
commercials because they want to keep
their content the way it is they are
losing something like three billion a
year Wow
they're not losing just not me they're
not yeah yeah wow that's interesting but
that's
how they want to run their business god
bless him right they'd like if oh if
they ever put commercials in there so
what is it I didn't pay enough attention
to where it actually does what does that
Chi thing do Chi is okay so watch your
stamina okay so now wait until like dude
do like three attacks do like a bunch of
attacks now way to stamina oh there you
go and see it fills just feels quicker
it feels quicker and some bad guys have
this like black and white aura around
them and if you can time it right you're
there's like a blue energy ball that
comes out from you that will get rid of
the black and white energy around them
okay it's it's a it's a little hard to
get used to this may this may have some
kind of systems in it that lets it
compete with blood blondes not being
just a direct knockoff it has some
things it has some things but yes oh
yeah like there are some and when you're
in the black and white goo you're slower
and your key refreshes slower so you
want to expel that so oh yeah you know
what mr. chai smile that's a great way
to put it it's kind of like active
reload and gears for okay which is a
very good way to put it thank you mister
shy smile is there a sweet spot like
yours you gotta wake loads right in the
thing there's it well is so like you'll
see there's like a pink bar of what you
just lost and then it fills with a white
yeah and so you want to wait to that
white
there's no sweet spot just whenever you
press it it fills to that so you want to
wait to that white bars as big as
possible okay to get the most out of it
G Chive did did anyone see the Iron Fist
trailer I don't know what this is yeah I
ain't fit so Netflix show Marvel's thing
the last defenders here I know nothing
about this did you did you see Iron Man
I've seen Iron Man yeah it's gonna be
like that but with kung foo is this oh
okay it's not show just about iron man's
hand know about hand
it's about it's about a rich or more
more importantly did you know what no
one's seen it but if you watch arrow
it's gonna be a lot like arrow it's
about a rich kid who gets stranded
somewhere gets magical powers and then
comes back to try to take over his
company from an evil businessman okay so
it's very similar to a fight is gonna be
kung-fu and look that right to me I'm
excited there's an audience for it yeah
it is that's the way Netflix operates
yep I don't give a fuck about fuller
house but there's an audience for fuller
house and that audience doesn't give a
fuck about movies like hush and I am the
pretty thing that lives in the house but
I thought both of those movies were
fantastic and those premiered on Netflix
so they're they're covering all their
bases as far as things that people want
to see they want to make sure that their
product is viable for multiple audiences
god bless and they're doing great yeah
Netflix is doing great
who knew he punched a dragon what I
don't know I don't know much about iron
fist besides he's a kung fu master and
his his fists are really big low mm-hmm
any punches things he's got a technique
which lets him punch really hard yeah
that's the artifice it's got properties
skis giant um but this is the last
Netflix Marvel show before all the
Netflix Marvel shows come together in
the defenders Oh exactly that's gonna be
a show I think it's good it's like a
miniseries
okay deprived be like you know five
episodes yeah okay and so that's where
they realized they were building towards
anything like that I iron fists Luke
Cage Jessica Jones and daredevil all in
one video instead of each character
getting a movie and then making one
movie with all those characters they're
actually fleshing out each one with a
the whole series right that's pretty
cool
yeah and so then they'll
come together in their version of the
Avengers and so if anyone has seen the
Avengers movies and if and everyone
remembers what happened to the common
element that tied all those movies
together we should be very worried about
Claire at this point just means nothing
to me
Claire what what you see uh daredevil I
didn't say all season two he says season
one though right yeah the nurse Rosario
doc oh yeah yeah
sorry Oh Nell since I'm not sure yeah I
like her she's great yeah and she's in
every she's in every one she shows up
here and there she's got a connective
tissue god I did not know that and a lot
like Agent Coulson was the connective
tissue in all the Marvel movies I see
what I'm saying I'm a little worried
about Claire not saying this anything's
gonna happen I don't know if anything's
gonna happen it depends on how closely
they stick to that so you're saying
she's gonna die and then they're gonna
create a new series where they explained
how she didn't really die that's exactly
what I'm saying okay it's gonna be
called declare nope
Claire dead nah no but it looks the the
iron fish Oh looks a lot like daredevil
totally so it's gonna be a lot of
fighting and that daredevil was good for
fighting so yeah I like fighting and
it's gonna become food everybody likes
kung fool
Marvel's agents of shield is actually
getting good now I still watch it and I
I hate watching at this point
I disagree maybe it watches you it does
I watch on the ABC app so it does date
watch me I won't be doing that much long
range why do you hate watch it I don't
even know anymore I'll be honest with
you because you know what every once in
a while I do just want to have some
noise on and turn my brain off so I got
that I got arrow
I got flash I got Supergirl that's my
brain off is this a good game I am I am
literally in the tutorial yeah you are
but I'm joined it's a farm if you
enjoyed blood-borne or Dark Souls can't
make out with that noises yeah that's
yes yes yes all right where was it
what's going on dear J oh my god I once
sat my friends down for a things night
Oh God it went as wonderfully as you do
things things Punk everyone the only
there out of all the shows I hate watch
Supergirl is the best that's just fun
she's having a great time being
Supergirl punching bad guys dating boys
like man Supergirl is super fun
Supergirl and flash they have their
goofy those those shows are fun so you
lay off a Supergirl
her sisters all gots the gays now it's
crazy
as soon as as soon as they jumped she
got a case of the gays like the day
after they left CBS oh really yeah
she met us like that was something they
probably wanted to do in CBS one let'em
or something she met a sexy cop caught
the gays in that crazy that's still a
thing
I'm like a network like we don't want a
gay character like really still
oh no and it happens so fast you know
that was that was a thing that's funny
which character was this super girls
adopted sister
was that the first weapon you chose the
dual swords okay what did you get the
the sickle and a chain thing yeah no I
was thinking about the axe you know I
like a big dumb axe yeah I got the
second one same thing that seems to be
working alright for me Jack likes TV
shows for preteen girls yeah yeah do
what are you gonna do about it
you know what absolute absolutely
nothing I am currently looking at majors
in college says anonymous do you
recommend film school it depends on if
you want to go to film school that's
that's a really great point and it also
depends on the film school you might be
interested in going to if you are
interested in say dentistry I would not
recommend film school this is true just
putting that out there
if you think you want to be in film or
television I think film school is a fine
options make sure you're looking at a
film school that is more focused on the
technical aspects I'm not I'm not so
much trying to tell you how to be
creative cuz that there are schools like
that they suck you know look at film
schools like that have student film
organizations where maybe though they
will give you some practical onset
experience
Wow nice look at that
slicing him up rich doing great the one
thing I heard I don't remember who was
talking about this some filmmaker or
something was talking about film school
yeah
when asked like you know would you
recommend film school like I'm not gonna
say one way or the other but what what
I'll say is that film school is a great
way to fail in a safe environment you're
just making these student films you're
gonna make a ton of mistakes everything
you're gonna make is gonna suck yeah but
it's okay because you're in this you
know sort of bubble up film school yep
yep also film school is where you will
meet a bunch of people yes and those
people will get you jobs later or where
order film schools where you'll meet a
bunch of people that will change their
major two years later when they realize
they're wasting their life yep not that
I would know that from firsthand
experience literally everyone I know
from film school changing their major
they're saying Eli Roth said okay okay I
could see himself yeah I remember here
the years ago some interviews so it must
have been him that sounds right
just make sure to meet lots of people
and always be there to help people and
then they'll be there to help you now or
at least a good ones well then you'll
know the good ones yes and then it's
pretty easy to weed out the good ones
from the bad ones yeah yeah incredibly
easy and then those people uh who help
you out will keep helping you and then
you'll work together yes and then when
it comes time to like oh hey you got to
do a real thing you know who you can
count up uh-huh
and that's mmm you network and that's
how you meet people and that's how you
get jobs and then maybe maybe that
person who helped you out is God has got
someone who knows someone who knows
someone and vice versa
mmm and that's how you do it that's how
you do it literally everything not just
from school just every goes it's that
way that's adorable that cute and that
cute
mr. Schine smile I don't believe he's
unlocked that ability yet mr. Schine I
was trying to tell you how to play the
game I don't believe he's unlocked the
ability yet what's it called fruit pride
the magician I don't believe he's
unlocked
we can when an enemy Falls and the
reticle on them turns red okay if you
are near them try pressing the triangle
button if you remember I don't know if
you have unlocked that ability yet enemy
falls down yeah and you see like how
it's white right now the reticle on them
if it turns red yeah
by pressing the triangle okay and does
something cool with your swords you do
cool stuff with your George so I killed
him like into the ninja gaiden here
I don't know lost in technicolor says I
showed two of my friends alive late last
night their reaction was pretty much
what Mike jokingly said at the beginning
of your half in the bag review they
thought it was boring
I went home quickly make new friends
honestly good so effing good here he's
got doom now yeah I'm old like I mean
he's I think he's a fantastic filmmaker
I'm sure that'll be but it's like well
he's doing Blade Runner yep which is I
guess that falls under the soft reboot
category yep he's doing do and I like I
want the filmmakers that I like to
continue to do new and interesting
things yeah you don't want them to do
constant rehashes yeah and I'm sure
he'll do wonderful things with them I'm
sure they'll be fine movies but I'd
still rather see him do something like
enemy again you know something that's
just really distinct and original even
in sci-fi arrival that was great yeah
it's I mean yeah arrivals an original
movie yeah that new Blade Runner does
look gorgeous though either you know
what he's gonna do though he's gonna
make some money yeah let him let him do
these two these two uh reboots and make
a bunch of money and then he'll just
keep making reboots because that's what
they always do yeah but maybe we'll see
maybe I'll pull it back rich everything
around yeah that's fine that's fine no I
said a rival was original enemy
apparently was based off of a book sure
still not a not a remake not yeah it's
not a soft reboots
let's see here pack the movie says
cuddle pile wants you to kick some ass
original assume they're talking to you
no guarantees anonymous is saying Howard
the Duck would do would go great with a
comic book a themed best of the worst
we tried multiple times to do something
with Howard the Duck a review I think is
their only our only chance to do
something probably the blue blaze says
me personally I love the latest blink
arrow episode are you interested in the
new dude oh we've just talked about the
new dune movie so you too fucking late
I've never read if you ever read dune no
I've never read it it's the only David
Lynch movie I've never watched in its
entirety
I love David Lynch but every time I've
tried to watch that movie like nah I get
like maybe a half-hour 40 minutes in
like I'm done my my little brother is
super into dude yeah and he swears
apparently there was a sci-fi original
miniseries yes in like the early 2000s
oh that's the one that's they did it so
right these movies they just can't they
can't do the mythos because you know
it's apparently huge Jerry it's a whole
no on a world building yeah yeah
so they're trying again driving it again
they'll keep doing it keep trying I
suppose just give me a like special
equipment or something for beating him
what is this what is this what is this
do you doing it
you're doing it that's what it does and
you know I have a lot of faith in in
that director to probably do a pretty
good adaptation of it so denis
villeneuve a new me I'm sure he'll make
a fine movie yeah
I must say fuck him up very possible
let's sleep fuck him the story of or
have you heard the story of the Fanta
Fanta for stick the story of the studio
fucking him over in editing remember
that was a big thing for fan fantastic
yeah as he said the studio fucked me
over an editor write his tweet that he
immediately deleted that'll live on
forever yep cuz you can't just delete it
to eat and it stops existing hi forget
what I was listening to the other day
was like a podcast or something and it
was someone was telling the story of
like the editor of that movie was like
no I was editing it his version was
unwatchable I've heard that yeah I have
heard that because that's the the kind
of back the story is that people say oh
I'm suing his original vision was
probably so much better yeah yeah I have
heard that it was bad to begin with
oh yeah he's like the studio did like
the only reason that movie kind of makes
sense is because of the massive reshoots
andrey editing from yeah yeah and it's a
shitty movie
it's a disjointed mess but I you know
we'll never know yeah maybe in 20 years
we'll get a documentary about the making
of that Fantastic Four yeah doomed again
yeah get the same guys that made the
doom documentary doomed is still sitting
on my desk waiting on us and we need
another day we need you know we're
filming on Saturday yeah we can't do it
on Saturday we need we need a day to
watch doomed
I got it finally the documentary about
the making of the Roger Corman Fantastic
Four movie it's sitting on my desk
and I haven't watched it yet that Noah
rich you're still in the men you know
have you never seen them have you seen
the movie Enter the Void or irreversible
uh yeah guess / no I've seen both those
okay they go um I like your reversible
mm-hmm it's it's a it's a rough one but
I think it's an interesting movie and
then enter the voids I think I was drunk
when I watched it and it's probably not
the best movie to watch all drunk so I
would need to rewatch it but I remember
being very visually interesting all
right
anonymous says what movie do know what
movie do you love but you know is bad /
not so good it's bad movie Garbage Pail
Kids I did Garbage Pail Kids is just
endlessly fascinating to me to think
about the fact that people made the
decisions that they made yeah I think
that that goes into that goes into us so
bad it's good territory but it's not
like entertaining to watch like I'm
entertained by it I haven't seen it
since I was a kid yeah we we have we
will do something with Garbage Pail Kids
at some point oh yeah but it's not like
funny bad it's bad but it's so baffling
like the decision to have there's like
how many six Garbage Pail Kids in the
movie or something like that and the
decision to have all the rest of the
Garbage Pail Kids apparently get killed
off-camera and that's directly stated in
the movie that all the other garbage
pail kids are dead like why would you do
that no it's so weird no idea it's great
we need to do something with Garbage
Pail Kids anytime kids
i we must have had the car I I thought I
remembered dolls actual garbage pail kid
dolls in our house
there are Cabbage Patch Kids and after
the garbage pail kids were parodies oh
right you I know you told me that there
there was this car yeah I remember
specifically dolls it's quite possible
my mom was pretty thrifty mm-hmm so it's
quite possible she modified some cabbage
patch kids to make us Garbage Pail Kids
dolls that would be both possible and
awesome yeah she was a she's a she's
thrifty and very crafty I know they put
out a couple years ago like little
little figurines of garbage pail kid oh
yeah these were like these were I'm in
my head of course I was a kid these were
like my pet monster size oh no that
doesn't exist so it's very possible that
they were her they were her handmade
well that's pretty cool homemade that's
true oh yeah like I remember the boogers
like maybe she just used hot glue to
like put boogers on a Cabbage Patch Kid
that's pretty great I believe that
knowing how much we were into the
Garbage Pail Kids oh yeah
all right anonymous says what do you
guys think of 28 days later it's one of
my favorite films cuz I feel like it has
a lot more going on than just the zombie
film um yeah I like 28 days later I
haven't seen in a very long time
I actually liked 28 weeks later quite a
bit too and I know a lot of people
didn't like that one there are some
sequences in that movie that I found
really upsetting mm-hmm in a good way
yeah in the ice member it's like there's
this whole like apartment complex and
there's all the soldiers on the roof and
28 weeks later oh and there's you know
zombies everywhere but then there's also
just normal people kind of running for
their lives and the military just makes
the decision to just open fire on
everyone because they can't tell the
difference because it's so chaotic and I
found that really disturbing the vaguely
just start killing everybody
to try and contain it that sounds great
yeah you really want help ya know for
the safe what does it save just your
area like what should I've collected do
I lose that no no you can't you keep all
the shit you've collected you keep you
keep all your upgrade no point in saving
back here well it'll just give you your
health back but it will also respond all
the enemies that took away all your
health in the first place so well what
took away my help was that one challenge
oh okay yeah does this bring it won't
bring back any of the challenge guys
just all the other enemies actually kind
of curious it'll bring back the like
hold refills the health potions wherever
you want to call them oh did you get
that from like a glowing yellow thing I
don't know where I got it I started with
like you yeah I think you start with
three well I'll get those back yeah
where's the shrine back that way
on the other side of those racks it's on
the other side of them rocks you know I
I didn't see I haven't seen any of the
28 movies yeah movies haven't either
they're good fast zombies don't interest
me at all well they're not really I mean
it's one of those things people debate
well they're not really zombies I mean I
would call it a zombie movie but it is
like a virus in it it's not just fast
walking corpses it's people with a
disease so I mean it's different it's
not meant to be traditional you know
corpses that come back to life it's just
people with this rage virus okay the
rage virus but there are people that get
very like they need that distinction no
they're not zombies don't call it a
zombie film
all right call 28 days later a zombie
movie there's just a different type of
zombie right those people are pricks
it's a zombie a lamer type of zombie but
yes no it works it works in 28 days
later and 28 weeks later where it
doesn't work in the Dawn of the Dead
remake because the dawn a Dead remake
they are corpses that come back to life
and are running around yeah
28 days later they're not corpses
they're just people with a virus there's
something horrible on a corpse that is
walking around oh sure but it's a
different thing and that's why that's
why I'm finding a 28 days later the
slowness cells the fact that
and that's why the Dawn of the Dead
remake the zombies don't work on that
right but that's why I don't have a
problem with it in 28 days later because
they're not supposed to be corpses sing
second sing sing of Zagros sorry not
gonna read that one sings ago old
handsaw says hello guys Jay just curious
are you a fan of John Carpenter's well I
guess there's more but everybody if it
was just there you know he's a hat No so
John Karpin apostrophe s John
Carpenter's yes is there any answer
that's gonna be known here at least one
okay what ghost of Mars is the worst
thing ever
vampire movie vampires I've completely
forgotten it um it's okay it's not great
but James Woods is fantastic in it it
starts strong and it ends strong and
it's kind of boring in the middle but
it's the closest because John Carpenter
the law reason he got into filmmaking
was to make westerns which were not
popular at the time that he's making
movies so vampires is like the closest
he ever made to a traditional Western
his decision to turn to make big trouble
will shine a modern day as opposed to
Western that was written as a Western I
don't think I knew that it was a cowboy
who was getting involved in Chinese
mythology in the 1800s yeah you know
what now that you say that that works I
can see that yeah huh
I did what that was John Carpenter's I
don't I thought it might have been but I
could be wrong maybe oh yeah I don't
know for sure
Oh vampires is the closest you made to
an actual Western by the way that's how
you do the remake of a big trouble a
little challenge you do prequel there
you go you do the prequel about the dumb
American cowboy
oh that would be fun that'd be the
different take on it sure what was their
question though oh no I just like that
John Carpenter talk sure John okay are
you a fan of John Carpenter's and Dan
O'Bannon's 1974 film darkstar um I would
have to re-watch it I've only seen it
once and I found it more interesting as
just a like a curiosity because there
was like their first movie it's
apparently a fun sci-fi film that
conveys the isolation and boredom of
living in space yeah it predate cuz Dan
O'Bannon went on to write alien and
there's lots of you can see a lot of
alien in Dark Star from what I remember
okay interested so silly or movie I I
would have to rewatch it that's one of
the John Carpenter things I'm not too
familiar with because it's not very John
Carpenter read not very John Carpenter
II anonymous wants to know if any of us
have had any bad celebrity encounters
celebrity encounters that we care to add
celebrity income ads celebrity
encounters that we care to share I don't
think so no nothing I'm thinking now
that I've had a ton of celebrity
encounters anyways but the ones I've had
have always been Pleasant
trying to think I'm trying to think if I
can tell these stories yeah you you have
ones that you probably shouldn't tell
yeah you have more encounters but ones
you probably didn't talk about yeah
probably not
like I've I've had some encounters
yeah I can't I've had I've had some
encounters in trying to work with
celebrities where they weren't
necessarily into the bit and a lot of a
lot like sometimes well we would like
you know when we were doing all the high
five videos like we talked to them
beforehand like here's the bet the guys
are gonna high-five you look at the
camera like it's the web video it's a
month after that and like a lot of times
the celebrity just like you know that's
just not something I'm interested in but
thanks for thinking of me like a
perfectly professional answer sure
sometimes oh yeah that that sounds like
fun I want to do that and sometimes they
would say they wanted to do it but when
it came time to do the bit they were too
cool for school wow it's like you knew
what we were here for where jackasses
high-five and you can't if you didn't
want to play along then you have to be
honest with us upfront
yeah so I have some specifics that I
probably shouldn't chew
rich yeah says Johnson 89 you made me
look like an asshole why did something
do what I stab down on it wasn't very
exciting oh he shouldn't like get you
should do a lot of damage then I might
not have whatever that ability is shit
okay so what's going you made John 1089
look like an asshole at work how I
sometimes say oh my god and was called
out for quoting the Angry Birds movie
what that's apparently your fall rich it
turns out there's a bird that says it
exactly like you fortunately nobody has
seen that movie other than your friend
and you did not force this person to say
oh my god
like you wonder if that was a reference
to me in the movie is there a chance
there there's a small chance sure very
very small but you never know oh I could
you know I could yeah oh yeah that's a
bad idea I have like a small Aubry Plaza
story this is an appropriate one to tell
we were doing we were out in Hollywood
doing a bowling montage with my brother
so it was me my brother and my cousin
Jake who was helping us out finding
celebrities to be in the bowling montage
in LA and he my cousin was friends with
Aubrey Plaza who at the time was on
partisan right and so we were talking
about doing you know trickshot and oh in
her trailer it'll be super easy in
between take Sunset and she came up with
the idea where her and Adam Scott is
that his name who's also in Parks and
Rec Adam Scott is someone I'm person or
actor perfect her and Adam Scott were
going to be doing like
of coke off of a table oh I remember
this is in the video right and so she's
like oh yeah like this would be super
funny
if if we did this and and I was like oh
you know I I kind of want to keep this
g-rated you know it's it's bowling
trickshot video there's nothing to do
with bowling well and like in her head
the joke was like we're doing something
like Hollywood yeah sure but it still
has nothing to do with bowling right
well but they had to do something while
a trickshot happened Oh does the trick
shop half shot happen and that bid does
it yeah just learning code but I even
watch this in awhile I haven't watched
it alive but and so like there was a
little bit of back and forth between me
her and my cousin Jake who was the
intermediary between us
yeah and they were they were going back
and forth a lot like really enjoying
building on the bit of them doing coke
oh yeah like it'll be rated because the
video the bowling video before that I
used a rap song which featured the
n-word and a lot of people did not like
that and I didn't even think about that
I just enjoyed the rap song and the
people like I did not appreciate hearing
that oh yeah I guess that makes sense
family it's because it is it's a it's a
very g-rated concept the bowling sure
and so I was like I'm we're trying to
keep this one g-rated and it was just an
a very awkward situation that I ended up
relenting on and I tried to be like oh
yeah we'll shoot that one and maybe we
can shoot another one another way but
they were they were way onto me and they
did not allow me to shoot it another way
so like that's - it was just a weird
working environment because we didn't
have much time we never have a lot of
time to shoot these videos yeah I was
like and I should have been more
aggressive and I should have been like
no for realsies but I I sick eisah came
to Hollywood peer pressure's and I am
the bit stayed and obviously it wasn't a
big deal yeah but should have got that
Chris Pratt in there
use on perks and Rec I got a guy who
know where he was huge
I'm sure he was around I'm sure he was
around that we didn't we did he wasn't
he was nobody there's a nobody I mean he
was on that show but he was the
superstar he is now yeah I didn't know I
didn't know I didn't know anyone so
that's that's that is a select that's a
celebrity story all that's some sweet
gossip right there that's what they tune
in for sweet celebrity gossip they
wanted to do a thing and then we did the
thing and then the thing is in the video
pretty much pretty much they wanted to
do a thing well you know like my Jake's
rationale was like hey there they're
agreeing to be in the video like we need
to let them you know make a part of that
video sharing and we want to make and
and his other thing you know from a
producer standpoint is we want to make
sure that they say like they had a good
time in the shoot like that they felt
that their ideas were met that that's
how we help spread the word to other
celebrities right it's like it's so like
I was like agate and don't want to do
coconut so that's my story

[Part II]
that's my story that's my story
question of the day dr. Schaack my
question for Jay that question of the
day did you think the ending of the
which was too absurd now it reminded me
of the ending of Beetlejuice where Winona
Ryder danced in the air
my girlfriend and I lost it with
laughter no it's perfect it's perfect
Undine I don't wanna give it away for
anyway but it's it's ya know it's great
you respectfully disagree or
disrespectfully disagree I
disrespectfully disagree I think it's I
think it's a wonderful idea
so it's this character with nowhere else
to go
he's been told she's something multiple
times and so she's like all right I'll
just be that and that's the end of the
movie it's great I love that which -
where you watched it a couple weeks ago
that's great yeah Jack tell rich about
heavy attacks after enemies he knows
already
everything staggered after they run out
of stamina you you press the heavy
attack button he's been doing that I
thought once does it a bit much next
time you go to the altar will look into
leveling up some things
it's like Dark Souls where you lose
stuff when you die yeah I probably don't
have much know right now you have 430
pieces
have you been finding your bird today
finding my bird yeah you know like in
Dark Souls when you die you find when
you find all the souls oh they do that
yeah
okay no I didn't know they were doing
that oh yeah they totally do that so
wherever you die you're your because you
chose the bird guy last time I didn't
have that much so your your bird should
be lying around wherever you died oh
yeah also I found that either high or
middle stance is kind of the sweet spot
where you get to attack more and it
doesn't cost as much she to the low
stance that's fine you do you man you do
you ask wonk one eight two says I really
enjoy your content it has helped me
laugh during some tough times in last
year I was wondering if you didn't even
kill I didn't even close to kill him I
didn't I'm sorry no then you know what's
I'm sorry rich then do your own thing
trying to happen you know what works for
me it doesn't necessarily work for you
and I'm sorry go back to your low stance
I'm more of a I like to kind of like
dodgy dad you down get in there with the
quick little jabs and bad you down
tonight if you're more of a different
fighter that's fine where were we
during some tough times squonk our
content ever wondering if wondering if
you ever get burnt out on movies thanks
so much for doing what you do Jay you
watch more movies than any person I know
the only thing I ever get burnt out on
is if we're watching best of the worst
movies and they're all dull that's about
it you get burnt out on dull movies yeah
yeah that's fair that's fair but I mean
if there's like you know like half in
the bag like Oh wings is getting
terrible reviews and around tomatoes you
guys got to do rings like No let's get
that one yeah so you know we try to you
know sometimes there's movies that are
getting terrible reviews that we could
hopefully have fun with like the bye-bye
man but something like rings now we'll
just keep it and then I don't have to
worry about getting burned out mm-hmm
there you go
that's easy yeah and like sometimes with
me like neo of which is a game that I
played all of today and and most of
yesterday because it came out yesterday
it's it's a fine game I'm enjoying it so
far to be honest though I would have
rather been playing like overwatch I
wouldn't you know like not necessarily
the game that I I was in the mood to
play but you know this is the game I
gotta play because we're gonna do an
episode on it and I just started to get
into Deus Ex Human Revolution yeah I'm
enjoying it yes so you know sometimes
there's stuff I'd rather make it work
you got to do it you have got to play
for work then you just remind yourself
that you get to play games for work yeah
then you wrote came with it anonymous
says Jack speaking of Cartoon Network
are you interested in Samurai Jack fuck
yes I am returning on Adult Swim that's
interesting to see an action show that
used to be for kids no longer have to
dial back the on violence that was
always a thing with the old Samurai Jack
cartoon is every episode either be
fighting robots or rock monsters or
treat never humans yeah so no boy so
this new season is they're doing
whatever they want parent why how are
they getting away with it now I don't
swim okay
Adult Swim what was there to what
network oh okay but not Adult Swim
before well that was before adults when
was the thing oh it's been that long
since Samurai Jack was wrong yeah I
loved the shit out of him I've never
seen it
is it a reboot or a continuation a
continuation and it's the same creative
people save you creative team good
indeed
Tarkin knows gimme a box key yeah gandi
gandi gandi your genndy run say the same
guy that did the the original Clone Wars
cartoons right yeah so far it was the CG
and or really the guy who did Dexter's
Laboratory
oh yeah other things that Powerpuff
Girls that's I don't know what about him
I just know he did the Clone Wars to
McCracken candy was in there too okay
they're Guinea or whatever his fucking
name is Genndy Tartakovsky
Tartakovsky yeah but oh that's it like
and I recently just rewatched some of
season one because I was trying to get
my kids into it and it's just so slow
they can oh yeah because it's just watch
Samurai Jack it's yes nothing but
atmosphere and I they just I don't think
they were old enough huh that was like
maybe a year or so ago I tried hey let's
let's watch just it's about a samurai
and then you know it's just nothing but
solid atmosphere gorgeous they actually
like right now I don't know if it's
still happening
adult if you go to Adult Swim calm
they've been live streaming every
episode
Loup no to hype up for the new season so
like you can go there and watch episodes
I watched a couple episodes the other
day and it's just so fucking slow and
deliberate rate Samurai Grant Jack is
great that's a what is the voice of that
Lamar what's his name also does the
voice bunch of voices on Futurama was on
MADtv Oh Phil Lamarr Phil Maurice
LaMarche Phil Lamarr Phil Lamarr was on
MADtv that's what you're talking about
yeah I think he did the voice of Jack
and if the guy gets his head blown off
in Pulp Fiction yeah in the back of the
car yep very slow show yeah Phil Lamarr
yes that was great yeah he does the
voice of Jack and a bunch of other
voices so hermes is Samurai Jack yes oh
there it is
I only got the bird you got the bird oh
well at least you got the bird that's on
the stranger thanks trailer you missed a
jerk yeah about 45 minutes too late the
but the moral of the strange of things
is we all like the first season so much
we're less excited about the trailer
then more the second season existing in
general yes quick wrap-up there was
nothing in the trailer that got me more
interested than I was before the big
thing that was the one shot that it's
like okay I mean we're gonna see more of
you know this other world but that was
about it
but yeah like you mentioned the
ghostbusters like I don't care oh yeah I
clap I said exactly I don't care about
the nostalgia Stein I saw a logo I
recognized I saw some people were
complaining online about that then
wearing Ghostbusters outfits or like no
one was wearing Ghostbusters costumes
that soon after the movie so yeah where
they were they didn't make them you know
you'd have to make your own pros right
yeah exactly and you can see the courts
on tech they have is like made out of
like vacuum cleaner hoses and shit it's
perfect no there and there were a ton of
people posting online afterwards of like
here's me yeah that age with my homemade
Ghostbusters outfit yeah Ghostbusters
was huge kids dressed up like yeah what
a weird thing to try and complain about
people be dumb how are you out of Health
already I don't know I didn't had some
bad strokes of luck here and I lost my
bird you lost your Barossa bird jack oh
did you accidentally click r2 and go to
the other thing oh you know what that
might have happened I think that's what
happened
click r2 again there it is I hate that
yep I absolutely hate that I do too and
then if you you know if you hold r1 you
can switch your weapons on the fly right
just click click no I know I know that's
a weird
that's a weird design choice yes it is
it's very weird there's there's a lot of
usability issues that I have so far also
user interface issues well what do you
need I'm thinking like the stances
instead of the buttons like holding down
our one and then just up or down for
like high or low
might be more intuitive you but that's
that's not really a gripe just uh well
every wonder if it wouldn't work
slightly better but I think that is a
great like it's an important drive
because like how how natural the
controls are affects how much into the
game you are yeah hi Jack
Rich and Jay you guys like any movies that is
very forgotten and or underrated me for
example I really like wanted and think
it's really fresh and include simple on
show with the stylish is wanted the
Angelina Jolie moving I don't know I I
don't know what movie want I think
that's some movie or the engine
Jewellery that it but i guess me not
knowing for sure is an example it would
be mostly forgotten yeah what was that
call that I think that's wanted it was
what I think so oh I've never seen it
with James McAvoy I have no idea
I know Angelina Jolie's in it Wow if I'm
thinking of the same movie no I mean
yeah there's no there's a lot of movies
and hardly any movie has forgotten
anymore I know rich and I we're having a
bit of a nostalgia trip for for nothing
but trouble the other day oh god right I
was talking about that with someone
recently I don't remember who or how it
came up but I was saying like that's a
movie that seems like it should have a
cult following but no because it's so
fucking weird but it's also just bad
which is why it doesn't have a cult
following can we agree though that it is
so fucking weird you know it is awful
yeah that is so worth a watch yes
because I would agree with that but it's
not only cuz I I have a soft spot for
movies that maybe tried to do something
different and weird that maybe didn't
completely succeed but I think they're
worth watching but nothing but trouble
is just bad but bad in a very
interesting way yeah oh yeah it's
fascinating because it's all dan Aykroyd
yeah he wrote it he directed it he's in
it playing multiple parts linking and
he's a smart man
and it's like way way way way way you
think Dan Aykroyd's a smart man dead
accurate is a crazy man
oh sure before he is a smart man okay
any in the order of yeah yeah there is
some legit star power and oh yeah
there's like John Candy's in that and
did more anymore yeah Taylor Negron in
one of his biggest roles he's not star
power but it's interesting that he has
such a large rock isn't it Tupac Tupac
well it's digital underground which is
weird but they're in it at all yeah yeah
look I don't know the rappers Jack you
don't know the rapper's
oh yeah Humpty hump isn't it pumped in
Tupac and the whole digital underground
crew
yeah one Oh weird yeah and it's not
funny
it's a comedy but it's not funny right
very little and it actually works
comedic Lee I mean like just the giant
babies alone are worth one of which is
dan Aykroyd are worth their own series
of breakdowns and yeah like why how why
why and you always hear about like Dan
Aykroyd's original ideas for
ghostbusters look if he had control it
would have been would have been
something like nothing but trouble he
needs other people to collaborate with
or you end up with nothing but trouble
yeah yeah yeah beautiful
it's uh it's not it's it's a beautiful
disaster is what it is John Candy plays
multiple roles yup he plays a woman yeah
but I'm also distracted yeah it's acted
by Dan Aykroyd yeah and his dick Louis
which is a fake nose doesn't he take it
off at one point well he's got nothing
under there yeah it's like it's like a
skeleton like noses rotted off nose and
he has a prosthetic nose that looks like
a dick it's great um man it's amazing
nothing but trouble is what it is yeah
that's one of those classic cases of
like well this this particular creative
person has made us enough money and made
enough hits where we're gonna let him do
whatever he wants yep Jay did you see the
founder no I haven't seen it yet is it
even out here yet yeah it's out okay
also have you guys seen yoga hosers yes
oh it's just as bad as you would think
it would be
iii-it's it's so bad I don't even have
anything to say about it
it's it's just terrible and this is
coming from someone that was very
forgiving of tusk yeah you were very
forgiving I actually kind of liked tusk
I was really surprised
Francis Ryan for a second go to oh you
don't have it yet it's cuz I'm doing
turbo because we're talking you know I'm
dedicating only a portion of my
concentration today oh no you know what
uh sorry wait wait stop stop go uh press
the big pad go over to stuff I go to uh
over left that one there you go okay
gotta learn some shit so now it was so
now lost so you have set wait wait
you're paying for stuff already and
you're on swords and you want to be on
double swords because that's what you
have so normal sword right now uh I
thought you had the two double sword I
put that down I tricked the double
swords for like pointing skills but oh I
haven't consistently used that weapon
whatever weapon you're consistently
using so yeah so now you can buy stuff
okay so like here is so this already has
some of that is yeah that's kind of just
normal stuff but here you can grapple an
enemy who is out of key that follows up
with a powerful second this that's
though see this is the the thing that
rich needed that you guys keep telling
rich to do he didn't buy it yet he did
not have that skill yet which is what I
kept saying but the chat was saying no
everyone has that skill that's just
really good right away and I'm telling
you
so these are some extra moves you can do
rich okay this will help you this will
help you on your journeys also uh so
game pal UK also really like in the nerd
group I happy to see it becoming a
successful series in our our LM Vienna
sausage anyone what Vienna sausage
Yoga Yoga hosers Oh Kevin Smith much
like Netflix audience and he's willing
to put in no effort because he knows
they'll just watch whatever he makes
yeah yeah I got this idea I know it's
terrible but it'll be funny that's
terrible and everyone watch it anyway
I'm gonna go smoke pot Yeah right
I he's had he's had a he has no uh he's
had no what do you call it someone to
push back he's had no negative
reinforcement yeah well he blocks out
any he just constantly writes off anyone
that gives him negative criticism yeah
he'll be self-deprecating you know you
know left and right but the minute
someone else criticizes him then he gets
super thin skins and and just stopped
paying attention to that person because
they're just mean they're just a meanie
follow the, uh, Jay has seen Split.
he thinks it has redeemed M. Night.
yes Split's a very very good he's not going to
talk about it more for spoiler sake yes
that is the split that is the split
Tartans have said J I asked this earlier
jack and rich is John Carpenter's slowly
melting into an elderly David lo pan
John Carpenter's looked like an elderly
person for 30 years
no pan specifically I can see a little
bit of this that's not far off the mark
yeah yeah there's a little bit a little
pan in current John Carpenter any of you
guys watching the leaves you know I
don't even know what that is I don't
know what Legion is I'm sorry I'm sorry
mr. bucket none of us are watching
Legion nyan limb X nyan Lee mix within
the last year I became an atheist
because
well I read the Bible how do you deal
with a crippling hopelessness that comes
with it love the work and thanks for all
you do it why do you have this is my
question
that's it should be a freeing thing
that's the that's actually that's on you
man
yeah you're crippling hopelessness
really feel hopeless about yeah that's
what I'm saying it's on it's one more
whatever that person's feeling I you
know I think for some people have a an
issue dealing with the lack of an
afterlife
but as far as I'm concerned that just
makes life more important like this is
it this is all you got and you better do
something good with it yeah even if that
good is just being nice to all the
people around you and like that's
something good with it so I guess that's
how I deal when you're dead you dead so
I better do it while I'm alive exactly
shit yeah tired and sad Jay I know you
love alien 3 yeah but isn't alien
covenant really any better an idea than
Blomkamp's new cancelled alien film uh I
don't know is this a Blanc f1 cancelled
again I thought I heard it was cancelled
and then I thought they were gonna do it
maybe they're not doing it again I don't
care I don't care about the alien series
of the Lord
alien covenant looks lame as fuck maybe
I'll be proven wrong and maybe there's
more to the movie than what we see in
the trailer but it looks lame just
because moving doesn't mean there needs
to be endless sequel yes until the end
of fucking die yeah and the Blomkamp one
would it's from what it sounded like it
would just be fanservice
it would just be like no one liked alien
3 we're gonna wreck on that and we're
gonna give you we're gonna give you
Ripley we're gonna be noot and we're
gonna give you all these things that you
like from aliens it's like a fan it's
it's Neil Blomkamp's a fan so it would
have it would be a big-budget fan film
basically hmm maybe it'd be fine I don't
know Blomkamp doesn't really have a very
good track record I mean he made one
good movie I'm gonna go on record as
saying I've seen enough
you know more yeah yes yes yeah yeah you
know what I'll be with you man and how
sad is it that name stuck where did it
come from aliens
was it not until aliens I don't know
like I know it's not said anywhere in
Alien but I didn't know if it was
something that was established elsewhere
or whatever
no we saw the stupid name is like making
a point like the corporate suits who
named it they just they don't understand
what they're dealing with it's got this
dumb name yeah sure classifying it yeah
classification is this XJ three seven
seven seven right right that's what
xenomorph was yeah no I think the first
three alien movies and I know a lot of
people don't like alien 3 but I think
the first three movies wraps everything
up that you need from that series mm-hmm
I don't hate a lien resurrection it's
it's sort of a goofy kind of fun movie
but it's not necessary I you know it
doesn't need to exist right but you have
alien and then you have aliens which
kind of takes everything that was an
alien and an upset and it's more of an
action movie and then you have alien 3
which for me wraps up Ripley's story and
she's got superpowers you can play
basketball really great like what we
wanted in an alien movie wow look at her
basketball skills come on
but ya know we don't need more there's
nothing more to do with the alien right
no and you know like that's something
I've talked about a lot I don't like I
don't think Richard seen any of
Blomkamp's movies but he has a one
really good movie yes he's got one can
kind of be justified movie he's got one
bad then he's got chappie and he's got
chappie yeah that'd be like I I think
there's an argument that can be made for
Elysium there's some good parts to it
methane is pretty good it gets a little
preachy how come it was strong attack
working blaze red oh that was a sword
never mind I got that for the sword
you got that for the sword and it you
know it might not work you're in low
stance maybe it doesn't work in low
stance I don't know I don't know man I
don't know 100% the rules then district
9 is great district 9 is a great movie
that holds up it is still a good movie
yeah illicium I can make an argument for
listening there's some fun in there
who's the feeling and that Jodie Foster
is great Matt Damon he's really a weird
mech suit right now but like not the
thing I actually really likes about that
is it is not a sexy mech suit oh sure it
looks dumb clunky and awkward clunky
just like it should suit illicium a
little little heavy heavy-handed with
the social commentary jerk and the
ending didn't make sense in the sci-fi
universe was a lycium the world were
like the rich people all lived in like
the ring and surrounding earth did the
ring surrounding earth yeah or it's like
a spaceship or say it's something I
forget okay did I ever mention that
that's similar to an idea me and Mike
had like back in high school
slack idea we weren't taking too
seriously uh some kind of like you know
dystopian future where everyone was poor
but all the rich people there's like
this big structure in the middle of a
series like a giant Tower yeah and all
the rich people lived in there and they
were gonna kill all the poor people and
it's like this giant rolling pin was
gonna come out of the giant Tower at the
center of the city center of the city
and it was gonna come down and I was
gonna slowly start like rotating
that's good now I'm like the big the big
thing that they're trying to accomplish
in Elysium spoiler alerts realistic is
they're trying to get the the rich
people in the space ring have all this
advanced medical technology and they
don't want to use it on the poor people
okay and at the end they trick the
computers into thinking that all the
poor people on earth are the rich people
so all the medical stuff goes down to
earth and there's these like they win
and all there's all these shots of all
these like medical robots and ships
going to earth and fixing all the poor
people now but it there didn't seem to
be any cost to it so like you get to the
end of movie like that's really easy why
didn't the rich people just do that to
shut him up like the rich people were
still getting medicine and still happy
and so I was like they never they never
made the case for why the rich people
weren't doing that other than rich
people are bad right and so I was like
what was the what did it cost them so
like I thought the ending was really
flimsy but there was some fun stuff in
there there was some fun stuff yeah
let's see here analysis it was the best
of times it was the worst of times it
was the age of wisdom it was the age of
foolishness foolishness it was the epoch
of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light
that's what anonymous paid $2 to have me
say so I said it
deaqon twitch have you guys seen any
Brazilian movies city of God is really
good
nope I'm trying to thank Brazilian
movies I don't think the result doesn't
count
rich I'm trying to think I maybe have
and I can't think of any offhand great
just having the worst time yeah like a
lot of it you need to you need to start
rocking that that G rebuild so I can't
even I can't even hit well I don't like
doing that here's more right well and
it's it's really it's really tough
because you have to take your I like I I
think it works better if you actually
look at your chi meter but then you have
to take your eye off your enemy to get a
solid G rebuild it stuff rich it's it's
tough AEE Ference is jack i thought
about it i toughed it out through season
one of jessica jones it ended up growing
on me still not a big Krysten Ritter fan
but she ended up being tolerable I even
got used to her weird walking thanks did
he walk weird maybe I know for me the
thing that bothered me the most during
the season one of Jessica Jones was
these awful jeans that she was wearing
she had the same pair of jeans on
throughout the entire season and they
were ratty and they like we're not
flattering to her figure and it's like
why the heavily she wearing these jeans
are so gross yeah she's a growing scary
she's the alcohol I think doesn't care
about life but there actually is a
payoff for the jeans
so that shocked and delighted me I'm
super into Jessica Jones whose side you
taken the Kevin Smith's feud with Bruce
Willis
what's the feud specifically oh they
made cop out yeah and Bruce Willis was
annoyed at Kevin Smith because he didn't
seem to understand any of the technical
aspects of filmmaking and that annoyed
Bruce Willis that's understandable
and so yes Willis then kind of honed in
his performance and yeah led to a lot of
tension on the set which caused Kevin
Smith to he told the whole story about
it yeah I you know I'm gonna say like I
I don't give a shit about either of them
I don't want to side with either of them
yes Bruce Willis seems to not give a
shit about anything he's in ever anymore
and Kevin Smith is kind of technically
inept he owns he owns up to it but he
still I I think what like in that story
tells about Bruce Willis when Bruce
Willis is like you've been making movies
for how many years and he never learned
your lenses I think first of all this
has a point yeah um yeah so I'm gonna
lean a little more towards Bruce Willis
but I I don't I think they're both kind
of shitty I what we can agree on is both
of them were acting unprofessional yeah
and I think it's pretty shitty of Kevin
Smith to make like a whole to try and
like make himself look like the victim
right telling this whole story about it
like Oh Bruce Willis was mean to me yeah
maybe you should learn how to fucking
direct or hire someone who can learn
that shit for you that's what's well he
does that's a cinematographer
right he did all that stuff for him but
it's still like you should know these
things
at least enough to you know know what to
ask for yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with
you anonymous says I'm sorry it was the
season of darkness it was the spring of
hope it was the winter of despair we had
everything before us we had
thing before us we were all going direct
to heaven except for Jevons yeah sure
whatever
Oh J you presuming any of you are going
to heaven bets man they said the thing I
said thing J is doing a great David
Lynch movie or the greatest David Lynch
movie didn't we just talk about the ship
dude I'm gonna stop showing up two hours
late I'm still catching up man
still catching up with tips doing great
David Lynch movie are the greatest David
Lynch movies the question no great is it
Kyle MacLachlan mmm
yeah sting is in that lots of people are
in it gotta see this movie yeah or maybe
not I do what I do and start watching it
and then give up 20 minutes in done that
a couple of times now I love that David
Lynch I gotta give this movie another
shot no no are you looking forward to M
night Shyamalan s upcoming unbreakable
sequel shared universe that he's working
on completing god I hope not
um I I I mean I have a different opinion
of him now after split because I like to
split some orange maybe so I am kind of
open to it but not dead
he has only made one good movie in the
last 15 years so it's quite possible
it's a fluke
track Gers not the best I do love
unbreakable that's actually my favorite
movie of his number it was a great movie
yeah but the thing that makes America
miracle then females are flawed as hell
the thing that makes unbreakable kind of
remarkable in its own right is it is as
intended the first act of a superhero
movie stretched out through an entire
movie yep so the idea of him now
presumably making the second act an
entire movie doesn't really sit right
with me cuz that was the whole idea is
like we don't get
the massive payoff of the Cape and the
crime caper like it's just this small
little simple thing yeah
and there's something similar and split
where I don't wanna give away spoilers
because you haven't seen it yet I will
give no spoilers but there's something
similar in split where there's a
revelation at the end of the movie where
if there's no payoff to it in a future
movie
I'm a-okay with that hmm it's a great
revelation you know that kind of
recontextualizes the whole movie but if
there's no follow-up on it in any other
movies that's fine
it works as just a little moment yeah
yeah and that's that's all I can say
without giving anything away tricky it
starting to get excited to see splits it
doesn't have a twist in the traditional
sense of like like obviously six cents
if it didn't have the twist that it has
it would not be as interesting of a
movie mmm like the twist kind of makes
the movie split if it did not and I
don't even call it a twist oh let's call
it a revelation of more information yeah
if it did not have that then we would
still function great as a movie okay but
it adds this other element to it that
makes you go back and look at the movie
in a different light I am fucking dragon
yes this is a PlayStation exclusive game
this is only on the PlayStation 4 I'm
excited my local theater I'm I think I
just need to take a day off of work
because they're playing both splits and
lala land
I mean take the kids I got to see it no
I got to see it for I think we're doing
a thing it is I'll tell them we're gonna
make a video about it go see Talal and
if you want to take a nap oh you beat
the people I think it's songs it's gonna
be great until they forget that the
movies a musical for a good 45 minutes
yeah I guess all I'm saying is if Lisa
asks you about a video we made about
split and la-la-land
to go along with okay
they'll do I might have to know I know I
won't hey Jack and rich NJ love here
love hearing Jack talk about the DC TV
shows oh yes my garbage shows I love my
garbage shows do you think all the shows
have been great this season even arrow
PS caught the feels when Supergirl
sister caught the game the Supergirl has
been since they've moved to CW Supergirl
has been spot fucking on they've changed
the tone they've gotten rid of villain
of the week stuff they've lightened it
up Superman was a great addition
networks just suck CBS did not know how
to handle the property yeah and arrows
been pretty good
fine is good I don't watch legends of
tomorrow I haven't you know what and I'm
behind I haven't seen most of the new
stuff of arrow and flash but uh but yeah
so far so good I like it all I like it
all CBS CBS is for I'll be by and I've
heard really good things about legends
of tomorrow I know like they did a whole
episode about George Lucas yeah like
they had to say like they had to go back
in time and like there was a ripple on
time so George Lucas never made movies
or something so that to convince him to
make movies and they ended up like
making Star Wars disappear or something
which set back scientists who wanted to
do space travel or you know like some
sort of reasons so like they're getting
legends of tomorrow is getting super
schlock which is great which is great
and no I haven't seen Riverdale have you
heard about Riverdale it's Archie yeah
sexy Archie okay the comics started
doing sexy Archie didn't they did they
they drop like the ultra cartoony style
or maybe at least maybe it's like the
ultimate universe version of Archie and
they are gee I don't think they still do
normal aren't you but this is sexy
aren't you
it is zombie Archie yeah afterlife with
Archie rather than life with our - yeah
yeah oh it's funny that's funny people
and that's that's an ongoing thing - it
wasn't like a one-off really yeah that's
crazy but yeah they have sexy Archie now
which I haven't seen Riverdale oh I've
heard a little bit about the sexy Archie
rich is getting a fart just leaving
rich is done but yeah I haven't seen
Riverdale which got too upset about
talking about Riverdale oh yeah it's
really good another skin it like to me
though that's one of those concepts that
is a sketch yes like turning Archie's
sexy Archie sexy Archie's is a comedy
sketch yeah absolutely
probably is somewhere already I've seen
clips because I've just seen a couple
like promo images I haven't seen any
clips of it oh like well because I
watched all the shows on the CW app like
Josie the Pussycats the back but they're
all sexy in their rapid go no I just
don't care yeah no I heard you I used to
read Archie comics like that was that
was my first foray into comics cuz those
are the only comics my mom would buy
well that's cuz they're wholesome right
now even that's been sullied mm-hmm and
I think they did they did Betty and
Veronica making out on episode one of
course like of course they did just kick
down that door we're not gonna dance
around this last for this no one who
wants this kids don't know who Archie is
they're not gonna watch it right name
recognition right yeah yeah but to the
question about the the flat or I saw him
the Chad someone's talking about the
flash and how his power gets old after a
while and it really does he can run fast
and so every single season his main
nemesis is just a guy who can run a
little bit faster that's not that's no
joke that's no exaggeration it's on like
season four now and every single season
is just a guy who can run faster Oh God
and it's super lame but the guy who
plays Barry Allen is fun they have fun
with the show they do corny stuff
there's some good there's some good in
the flash show okay
so I'll stand by it though yeah it's
just you got to run a little bit faster
Barry
oh no you ran too fast you broke the
time line again in the comic books okay
what do they do with Wally West after
they brought back very element yeah
they're good bye I have no idea and were
the fans who have been reading the flash
since they killed off very Ellen when
they upset but the character may have
been following as the flash for 23 years
was kicked out well maybe he's still
maybe he's still the flash somewhere I
don't know I have I I just I don't care
about the flash except for a CW show
don't either I'm just curious about that
flash and I'm sure the flash feature
film will be amazing oh my god oh my god
it's gonna suck so bad
no no DC has their shit together
absolutely everything we do is very well
planned out what did they lose like a
third director something like that Wally
West disappeared from the timeline after
the new 52 oh god no poor Wally West
Wally West went back to his home planet
never existed no yeah that's what they
did in the new 52 just people literally
never existed
oh it's not like their their story came
to an angle that's one way to deal with
continuity yep just pretend it never
happened burn all your old comics kids
these aren't grandpa's comics anymore
don't you love following DC comics is it
fun no Snyder's not directing flash he's
executive maybe he'll end up directing
it no else no one wants to work with us
cuz we keep fucking everything up he's
executive producing everything like he's
in charge of the universe he's the
health how embarrassing is that
he's the Kevin Fei Jie of the DC
Cinematic Universe
that makes my skin crawl right and it's
like you hear stories about like how
they G got to where he is in Marvel and
it's like how he's just a super fan and
you know he worked for the producer of
the x-men movies and he just knew so
much nerd stuff that they kept those in
him good for him right and he had this
like deep love and respect for all for
it like everything Marvel yeah and he
became the head of Marvel Studios great
yeah good for you buddy and say what you
want about the Marvel movies some are
better than others but they clearly are
trying you have to do the right thing
with the characters and the properties
and all that Zack Snyder has openly
stated that he doesn't like Superman he
is not minced word and says I think
Superman's a dumb character like but hey
give him given the universe yeah see
yeah see what he can make of it
Zack Snyder has openly said that every
creative decision he makes is to try and
make something look cool yeah I remember
years ago trying to listen to The
Watchmen commentary track and that was
everything he said was was because he
thought it looked cool but you know
really we just have a bias that's true
mr. bias it's not because one companies
is yeah one company is clearly doing a
good work or at least trying to and the
other is just like a clusterfuck
constantly Superman can be a great
character if Superman is done right yes
yeah he can be a great character he can
even be interesting even though he is an
immortal being of unlimited power yeah
you put him in the right story
I personally don't have much interest in
Superman but I've seen some Superman you
know the first Superman movie I like oh
I really care about Superman it's like
Superman is so simple all you need to do
is make him care about other people and
put those other people and harm their
young that's it yeah then Superman is a
relatable character who wants to help
everyone right boom it's just it's not
rocket science
oh you might have enough to level up
you we are or horrible Marvel shells in
right
horrible horrible Marvel shit
I'm actually really thankful for the DC
clusterfuck cinematic universe
yeah it's just just from an
entertainment standpoint it's hilarious
to me they just continue to fuck up over
and over and over it's amazing it's
almost as if they are trying to yeah
it's it's like like watching a train
wreck you just can't look away
darkus many tips left we're still
getting through much like this from Zack
snow the act
he's gotta be guys hey guys I think we
got pretty exciting my movie jakecooper
cool I've been working out have you seen
my my hose I'm doing the Batman CrossFit
routine actually I showed Ben Affleck
how to do that routine I can look for
big retire of the Batman no big deal I
know Zach of the axis as roses are red
violets are blue bought you guys Artemis
bridge simulator five months ago let's
get you to simulate a Star Trek mission
with friends poems are hard get my gun
stream Jax is anonymous tell rich to do
whatever he wants and tell the chat to
shut their smiley smiley faces why we're
how we're having a good chat tonight
everything's fine tonight so far no
one's being mean yet don't go over to
the YouTube comments right now cuz we
made fun of anime I have not moderated
the comments yet and I'm not looking
forward to that when I get home button
just ignore him just don't read him
anymore and then everything's fine well
I let you sometimes they use bad words
that I don't like them using so when you
filter those out you can do that you
know oh yeah I know I have an auto
filter but then it still gives you like
these like maybe this is a bad
those those guys oh I can't plenty of
words on oh you tube right dr. Gunther
hooter hangar says I'm hungry be right
back
chunky Bologna says J the wheel of the
worst with miss utterly you edited her
face cutting too rich in Colin and it's
so perfectly executed I laugh every time
oh good do you play with editing for a
while or do you just imagine it and make
it like for example like just that that
comedic timing of mrs. utterly too rich
in rich in Colin yeah did you well I
mean that wasn't that's one of those
things when you're going through the
timeline and you're editing stuff you
just kind of start experimenting sure
most it's very rare when you see a
specific edit in your mind before you're
actually doing it especially something
like best of the worst word you know the
conversation is spontaneous oh sure like
I know there are several times where I
will play with the timing of a joke yeah
where it's like you know sometimes it's
like if I think it's a funny joke I want
a little more room to breathe afterwards
or you want the pause before the
punchline like oh yeah you tweak that
stuff couple frames more yeah yeah but
so you just you kind of saw that moment
as you were editing you didn't envision
that right yeah and that's that's the
case with a lot of our editing mm-hmm it
just sort of happens it just sort of
happens that's great and then you refine
as you go yeah great hey that was a
little little behind the scenes well
behind suit Street right there tired sad
says you may have already discussed this
but what are your guys thoughts on Ben
Affleck not directing the Batman it's
hilarious it's it's so beautiful in the
case of that movie it's actually kind of
disappointing because I would like to
see another good Batman movie right in
regards to the right that is just a
emblematic of the entire DC Cinematic
Universe it's hilarious
it could have been an opportunity to do
an actual good Batman movie
I've liked Batman movies but Batman is
usually the weakest part yep the Batman
movie is pretty much every Batman movie
well and at some point you just have to
who is making these decisions like yeah
who let Ben Affleck go yeah how do you
fuck that up he was he was a good Batman
he's an accomplished writer and director
academy award-winning what who how not
lock him down that's your only job as a
producer is to lock people down yeah
what do you need what do you need
athlete any money we got money we're WB
we got we got literally nothing but
money won't for long keep making the
decisions they're making as long as
those damn movies keep making money
no keep making money anonymous says rich
son son rich son okay must be samurai
must be one with the universe calm no
mind
now go okay I know if you know every siz
sorry for another Jay have you tip but
Jay that's my entire Twitter feed by the
way yeah the ants
it's just have you seen this have you
seen this have you seen this sometimes
it's nice they love you I guess
it's worse when they say like what do
you think about this or it's like oh I
got a fit a response and a Twitter reply
so that's why I just ignore everything
all the time every every couple days I
might read the top couple tweets and
maybe I'll respond that just makes you
sane I don't get too wrapped up in
Twitter that's probably that's probably
anyway what um have you read the book
devil's candy know about bonfire of the
vanities oh no I haven't but you've
heard of it I've heard of it yeah
because that's like a notorious disaster
the making of that movie oh okay but no
I have not read it yeah well there you
go so it's called Devil's candy about
bonfire I do recommend though the the De
Palma documentary that's just called De
Palma
it's very very good why is it there Oh
horseshit all right let's see runagate
akira says hey guys my local theater is
doing a fan festival showing older
movies which one should I see oh this
looks like a tough okay you can only see
one movie Fargo Fight Club Groundhog Day
Jurassic Park Pulp Fiction Starship
Troopers or Princess Bride Club oh Jesus
Christ
Fight Club hmm we'll read those again
I'm thinking more from the perspective
of like what is the best movie to see
with a big audience right
Fargo fathers like one mote you have to
forget the other movies exist
oh no no no if you're nothing you only
get to see one movie at this festival
that's different
Fargo Fight Club Groundhog Day Jurassic
Park Pulp Fiction Starship Troopers
Princess Bride I think as far as just
general audience reaction goes yeah I
would go with Starship Troopers
if you're just looking for a great
theatrical experience where I'm sure
people will be like laughing and yelling
and have a good time Starship Troopers
is the movie ooh
not the best movie of that a lot by far but I
possibly the best to see with a crowd
possibly the best to see with a crowd yeah
you know 
maybe Pulp Fiction a close second
ooh and I'll tell you I like your thinking
Starship Troopers I think is a great choice yeah
any opportunity to see Jurassic Park got a big screen
again is where I would go
It's fucking Jurassic Park that movie is a theatrical
experience was kind of spoiled for me a
couple years ago when they did the 3d re-release
I went inside and the entire
movie there was some like I don't even
know maybe like 17 18 year old girls in
front of us yeah
on their phones the entire movie
shut up
not paying any attention and then when the
movie goes out got over we heard they
were just like right in front of us we
heard him getting up or like that was
the most boring movie ever and I wanted
to just like pick him up and throw him
over the balcony right so that movie has
been sullied for me as a theatrical
experience so sorry Jay I'm so so sorry
that I I've seen that movie how many
times in the theater I mean over 20
times in the theatre really like when it
was originally released yes I guess I
think I saw it two or three times oh man
I love that I mean that was the first
movie I bought with my own money now on
VHS that's the movie that taught me
about letterbox when I went to Suncoast
video because I had to pay for it with
my money
so why not go to Suncoast where they
overcharged what for everything it was
also the only the closest video store
not sure that I could buy videos not run
videos what do you want full screen or a
letterbox
what's a letterbox it like that Jurassic
Park is the greatest as far as I'm
concerned so I that's what I would
choose Mecca if I got to choose one of
those Starship Troopers though
yeah no you know phones ever they should
have a little Locker they should have a
little Locker outside the theater
everyone puts their phone in if no one
puts a phone in they don't get to go
into the movie theater because everyone
has a phone and they are lying there
lying if they say they don't have a
phone and if they say well what if it's
an emergency and it rings and saying you
then you don't go see movie yeah
and you don't see a movie today that's
fine this time it's lupus there are a
lot of movie adaptations that are very
not true to the source material ie
wanted or the mask with Jim Carrey are
there any like that that you
particularly like books comics whatever
The Shining Kubrick's The Shining
excellent example that's a fantastic
movie and very different from the book
excellent exam you know along those
similar lines Fight Club my cups pretty
close pretty close to the book pretty
close change the endings different the
endings different and a lot of weird Oh
Tyler cut is either cut a lot of weird
Oh Tyler stuff is either cut or change
okay I haven't read Fight Club in a long
time so I don't remember I just remember
the ending being very different I think
they handled I'm never gonna get in that
room I'm not tonight apparently no
you're you you know you're finding it
still rich it's alright you're finding
the groove I think they they handled the
movie adaptation very well yeah not
saying that the book is bad sure another
another one I would say is American
Psycho I don't know if you've ever read
that book I haven't read that if they
had made the movie adaptation very you
know closer to the book it would be
horrifying and grotesque it'd be a much
much different movie by the movies
scaling back the violence a lot and
changing a lot it works better as like a
satire Wow as the type of movie it's
trying to be sure sure yeah riche the
the chad is saying and i'm gonna go
ahead and agree with him i think you
need to change up your stat your stance
mark you're kind of stuck on this low
stance which
you're losing your Chima often and not
able to dodge as much I think you need
to do some experiments with different
stances trying to think of another
example you know what I'm trying to kind
of first-person I'm trying to think of a
of a comic book movie or TV show or
something that has drastically changed
something in the source material that
has going to be better
how about Man of Steel when they turn
Superman into life of violence that's
how I always wanted to see Superman that
that's true I write that that improved
the source material I really like I know
a two characters Bend for a hundred
years but the thing I liked most about
that Superman in dawn of justice is how
he didn't seem to really care about
anyone and he was almost like kind of a
hat like shrugging Lee saving people
yeah I thought that was an interesting
take it's character
I know the expanse is supposed to be the
show is great I love the exam I have in
Washington sci-fi original
a series based off of a series of books
I haven't read the book my wife read the
books and she says she likes the show is
better than the books okay but okay okay
yeah that's all I got so like yeah you
always got a new bias the blue team red
to first read or saw first mm oh it's
probably exceptions but I can't think of
any can you can you think of a movie
that you liked and then read the book
and liked the book better or vice versa
yeah that's that's a good question rich
that is a good gun that is a fair and
good question
I have friends that would always if
there was a movie coming out based on a
book
he would always he liked reading like
the books but he would always see the
movie first so then we'd go back and
read the book and be like you'd be
experiencing the better version second
cuz the book is almost always better
sure you read the book first and then go
see the movie and then you're
disappointed with the movie as opposed
to seeing the movie first and maybe
enjoying the movie sure and then reading
the book afterwards and be like oh the
books even better that's an interesting
take of that I I I always had trouble
doing that though because then whenever
like you know when you read a book first
it's all like you picture the characters
in your mind yeah and all I would do is
picture the actor yeah if I saw the
movie that's what happened because I
read Fight Club after seeing the movie
it's like that's yeah all I picture is
the movie yeah yep
joke the book was much much better than
choked the movie I saw you at the movie
9 oh that's another one that I don't
remember a single thing about it yeah
all right you know even the book I like
that Sam Rockwell wasn't like that's not
the greatest Chuck Palahniuk so the
greatest Chuck Palahniuk
is invisible monsters I haven't read
that oh man oh man Jay you would probably
really dig it yeah I'll be honest with
you if you can get past the first half
okay that is a book that I started
reading and I hated on with a width a
height hot flame hate well I put it down
just fuck this book it's so dumb I hate
everything about this book and you reach
a point in the book where everything
falls together and it becomes the
greatest voter yeah but it's that first
like third is a tough tough read it
doesn't make any sense you have no idea
what's going on and you think that the
writer has lost it but invisible
monsters is a fantastic okay that I just
don't think they could make into a movie
yeah yeah like something that oh that
bothered me what was it what was the
crap like a pre like a like a teen novel
that they just turned into a movie
recently about the kid the the never
know the like the one person in the
village who gets to like read all the
books
Oh giver the giver oh so close rich but
but opposite far it's so close but
opposite the giver the giver was one of
those books is like they could never
make this into a movie because one of
the biggest reveals of the book is they
live in a black-and-white world
Wow and like the kid is flipping out
because he thinks he's going crazy but
he's just seeing color for the first
time sorry spoiler for the giver a book
that we all read in middle school but
then what then sure shit they did they
made a movie out huh
dummies getting rich to use the bird how
do I use the bird well yet first have to
find your bird yeah and then see your
circle yeah when that bird meteor is
full you get to use the bird okay with
the two buttons remember you did that
night that the one time in his Oriole
and rich he's still figuring it out and
he's figuring on us literally you've not
played this game at all until this
street I've had three hours with the
game he's fine you know what and he's
doing fine he's working making his way
through the world making my way downtown
walking fast up make it stop and I'm
alibi stop your panties in a bunch you
all look like you're having a panty
party I thought you were gonna start
singing the cheers theme why do cheers
making my way in the world today takes
everything of God know I was doing it
takes everything you are making your way
in the world today
everything you got do you think time
would pass me a thousand miles I could
just stay here tonight that's one of
those songs there's a certain point in
the song for no real reason you hear
like sirens in the background and so
whenever I would hear that song on the
radio
I think there's sirens outside drumming
nuts fuck that song okay so now if you
look at your circle you have a full-bird
meter so if you go full bird you'll be
super powerful let me kill this one guy
first yup
remember when shows had theme songs ah
I'm sure some of them still do I don't
know I feel like every show has I mean
the office did but they're out there
also sure there's not like theme songs
with lyrics anymore yep the opening
credits the sitcoms used to be like a
minute or two right but now they're yeah
ten seconds
gotta make gotta make got it yeah yeah
no more commercials exactly honestly
they're cutting out the right thing
right before they were just worried
about filling time I'm not like well we
have too much stuff ah fuck it
finally the bird rich the power of the
bird you gave them the bird get it won't
let me use my range weapon is in there
and won't let me use him
go go back Mel it whoa wait wait why
wouldn't it before press r1 or sorry
hold down our one right so you see if
you now if you press left and right on
the d-pad my way downtown
who is that even I want to say Vanessa
okay no one I mean no one I have no idea
who's famous she had like maybe three
hips or something I don't even know the
name of that song I don't either
nice note was on the radio all the time
it would it played non-stop on vh1
Vanessa
Michelle Branch sure oh no that's it
loner arch on Vanessa Carlton that's who
it is I would believe any of these names
yep
richie found a demon so the demons gonna
have the white goop around them a lot so
remember your little r1o you died you
dated uh have you re watched Joss three
it's worse than jaws for because at
least that one had decent cinematography
Joss three is hideously bad best of the
worst worthy ooh
possibly Superman for Joss three just
shitty sequels in general I guess if
she's a big-budget sequels instead of
instead of superhero movies on the
downfall just general movies
yeah prestige movies lock Buster first
movies a blockbuster and then shitty
sequels that's a nice there we go I've
what what five right that wouldn't be a
fun best of the worst movie though I
don't even hate Rocky 5 as much as most
people it's not it's the worst one it's
the worst right but it has some elements
that are ok we might disagree whether or
not it's terrible it's certainly schlock
what about 4 4 is complete Schlag 4 as
is grand glorious lock so it's the
dumbest movie ever made
if you mean the greatest movie ever
yeah I would watch rocky for your best
work I would watch that just any time
you want to watch any Rocky movie that's
rocky 4 alright we got it so that's a
great one Rocky Ford just three Superman
four okay we'll call it the four three
four Episode oh yeah it's a man
guaranteed is probably not gonna happen
hey guys remember if you have a copy of
low blow - oh yes
also known as blood streets we would not
complain if it showed up before Saturday
the important card before saturday
before saturday noonish that'd be best
that'd be best aj_pimps sale says hey
guys two questions
Jay how many emails did you get about
the Twilight half in the bag - oh sorry
about the Twilight half in the bag oh I
don't know that was just a joke great -
how quickly did you dismiss them all
about as quickly as you dismiss that
question yeah great oh it was the best
of times
copy was the worst of times mother was
the purpose of wisdom sister was the
desire of leather condition was the
sugar of history time was the market of
approval I feel like I feel
like you have me say these things as
some sort of like winter soldier s
programming to someone like seven
bungalow bucket apricot
I am de nerd master hey guys have you
seen the pic of James Franco's Tommy
Wiseau for the upcoming doc of the
making of the room it's kind of eerie
LOL oh hey Mark
he looks good he looks kind of looks
more like Tommy was so than I would
expect zoom I still don't want to see
someone doing - Tommy was so impression
though that's gonna be that's the
biggest problem is getting over that
yeah I'm kind of curious about the movie
but I mean I know the story I've read
the book I don't want to see anyone play
Tommy was so other than Tommy was yeah
yeah it'll just come across even though
he is a real person seeing someone even
if they do the best imitation of him
ever it'll feel comical and fake
especially when it's somebody that's
known like James Franco yeah dr. goo
tear hooter anchor says y'all are a gift
from God except there's no demonstrable
empirical proof before God so I'm
experiencing a metaphysical dichotomy
sad face what are all your opinions on
the short circuit films great actually
like the second one even a lot of people
hated what I need a hero
I remember seen it in the theater okay
I haven't watched either those movies
since I was a child so I 5 turns into a
punk rocker I remember that I remember I
need a hero plays yeah as he chases a
boat he's chasing the bad guy on a boat
okay
it's how the end of short circuit 2 ends
I don't remember I remember him yeah
getting in love like the punk-rock garb
yeah but I don't remember much else and
the greatest 80s song ever I need a hero
plays that is the greatest ad song it
can be used in literally any movie at
any time and it's the appropriate use of
that song like someone could be dying of
cancer and I need a hero yes it's the
first short circuit like it then hold up
there's a good movie you know how you
watch I've seen it recently yeah because
we have kids
and it really does okay there's there's
someone get past the brown face that's
something that dates the movies I'm a
horrible brown face yeah and some dated
humor you know like one scissor yeah
like he reads encyclopedias no one has
like and you know obviously there's a
lot of old technology that he's playing
around oh sure
but has a story it's still very it still
holds up and Gutenberg and Gutenberg
food is low coding birds you say that
like it was a positive I love Gutenberg
I got no problem with Steve Guttenberg
he was America's Sweetheart and that's
not an exaggeration like a pagoda
Gutenberg was America's Sweetheart for a
while a very brief period of time
there's like a two or three year span
and then he was done right but in that 2
years you couldn't turn a corner without
seeing Guttenberg right police academy
skadam III short circuit three men and a
baby recombine do you know who directed
three men and a baby who directed three
million baby Leonard Nimoy oh I did not
know that that is that weird interesting
fact who directed three men three men
and a little lady dad I don't know
probably not Leonard Nimoy Shatner
directed that way
because I you Gutenberg was so popular I
even saw three men and a little lady I
think I saw that in the theater it's
equal to three minute when I was pretty
little where they try to send her up
nobody directed three men and a little
lady yeah oh he directed Dirty Dancing
the director of three men and a little
lady
yeah no the dirty dancing and he did
sister at my favorite movie oh not a
nobody but he's no Leonard Nimoy
possibly better than one of me more
Sister Act
wait is this Sister Act or Sister Act
two back in the have a sister act oh
okay
so he did not work with Miss Lauren Hill
Lauren Hill and sister act to shit yes
yes isn't jennifer Love Hewitt in one of
those movies machine the second one
probably the second one that's it that's
the one in the height in the Catholic
High School no idea your your lack of
knowledge of the sister act series I
think I maybe saw the first one once on
cable or something that just means we
have to have a sister act night oh well
fine it's happening I mean watch frozen
you're gonna watch sister act it's gonna
be great if any of you guys seen sing
Street it's even on Netflix no I've
heard it's good oh great but I have not
seen it I also have not seen it rich
she's seen since treatment no what is
the sing Street I don't know I don't I
care about I don't know it's a feel-good
movie about kids singing why do I like
Sister Act so much it was one of the few
movies we had grown up on that we didn't
have much we had Sister Act and
supergirls Sister Act you see here damn
farm a lot of the movies we had were
dictated by what my mother would allow
in the house and so you know Whoopi
Goldberg on a on a mad capper caper
hiding from the Mafia in a Catholic
monastery - area like that's right up my
mom's alley so that's what we had when
you watch this track - cuz like you
already know one so she's back in the
habit
so kind of crazy shenanigans is she
gonna get into this time and so like she
she's a Vegas showgirl Whoopi Goldberg
right and she goes to the monastery to
hide out from the mob because she's
gonna like snitch on them yes
but the church is failing no one's come
to church anymore so Whoopi Goldberg
decides that she is going to spice up
the choir
yeah with some of her Vegas showgirl
tactics and it is her comedy ensues
what's the plot of the second one how
does she get back in the habit I don't
think she's hiding in the second one i
oh she's not hiding the the nuns now
have a school okay and they call her in
to help because the school is failing
and they desperately need fun so they
need some that Whoopi Goldberg magic so
they can win a singing competition
okay so Whoopi's trying to spice him up
but like all the kids are like you're
why she were in the nun costume again
she has because she has to because it's
a sequel to Sister Act she has to
pretend to be a nun because the
headmaster of the school won't let non
nuns teach okay because the headmaster
in school is very old-school so all the
other nuns know that she's a fraud but I
suppose that the first movie they don't
know the first movie they don't know but
the second movie they know and they're
willingly participating in this no
there's only like two or three nuns that
know that Whoopi's not a nun okay and
then there's some new nuns that think
Whoopi's or not oh this is the worst not
ever right but the ones you know there's
they're committing sin they're bad nuns
it's for the greater good of the school
because if the school fails these are in
inner-city youths okay okay this is
Lauryn Hill because they had a baby out
of wedlock
so they need to keep it on the hush-hush
so the kids can win the singing
competition but then the kids find out
that Whoopi's not a nun and she betrayed
their trusts they're absolutely right
how are they gonna sing is a competition
when when not even Whoopi can be real
with them dawn and then the quiet kid
who's like really quiet in class like
Whoopi you won't even believe this i
hears her singing in the bathroom and
she can sing could be the star show but
you know what she's like super shy too
shy to say he's like super shy do you
think she'll do it in the end
no spoilers for this one you guys
watching yourself yeah I just did I
talked for about 20 minutes and sister
like we liked watching movies but we
just didn't have a lot of them so I
ended up watching the same movie over
and over and over like Sister Act holy
fuck ah land fly Kosinski says I guess I
shouldn't watch you guys at all on my
lunch break if rich is gonna call me a
jerk what are your thoughts on the Lord
of the Rings extended editions blackest
I don't get played you know I have all
the extended editions and when they all
came out on DVD of Lord of the Rings I
watch them all and enjoyed them I like
them yeah I haven't one it's kind of
like like I think you can watch the
theatrical versions and you're fine hmm
but if you really love them like I do
it's nice to have the extended version
yeah yeah they just fill things out a
little bit more and some good scenes
it's kind of like with the with the
Blues Brothers there was like an
extended version that came out on DVD oh
yeah and I was like I know the movie
doesn't need to be extended but I'll
watch as
much more Lulu's brothers as you want to
give me and that's so I feel the same
way about the Lord of the Rings yeah
which I feel the exact opposite way
about The Hobbit movies write that shit
down to one movie which somebody has
done I've never watched it like oh that
is if I I've been waiting for it I think
it's like yeah I think it's like three
hours it's all three movies condensed
I've never watched any hours just cuz I
have so little interest in going back
and read watching The Hobbit yeah
even even a condensed version maybe one
of these days but yeah just read the
Lord of the Rings movies I couldn't get
enough better they're great movies too
much he's on autopilot young Dioner says
STFU I'm busy we can chat later
rewind shock says hey Jay have you seen
the bomb no I think I've heard of it I
think I have a poster in my head I think
is it like a throwback movie like an 80s
throwback thing good no budget cheesy
Halloween fun okay hey rich if I buy you
Space Hulk Ascension will you play it
which one is that
I don't know pretty sure I don't know
sorry okay sorry I can't nope I can't do
that and play this again you can't and
you don't Jack if I trade you some
competitive Pokemon will you battle
online nope no I've learned the Pokemon
Trading Card Game because my kids are
super into Pokemon at the moment and
that I play difficult board games and
card games all the time and the rule set
for the Pokemon is is dumb and
complicated and I don't understand yeah
yeah and like the problem is it can be
cute like it can be like fun if you both
have your deck like oh these are the
Pokemon I really like is you can't have
a little bit of fun but there is clearly
a winning strategy and that involves
like buying the right card
so it's a pay2win sit down but in some
of its meets ish but no I will not
battle you online uh tired and said said
who's done a better job managing their
cinematic universe Warner Brothers or
Sony what's the Sony Cinematic Universe
well Sony failed quicker because they
tried to start it with I guess
technically the amazing spider-man but
Amazing Spider and to is where they were
trying to set up the spider-man
Cinematic Universe
I'm gonna say you can't say you have a
cinematic universe if you have only
produced movies for one franchise you
have just made sequels at that point
okay
so DC by virtue of the fact that Sony
has completely failed to make a
cinematic universe of any crime yeah I
can get behind that well but technically
speaking then Warner Brothers hasn't
made a cinematic universe either yet
Suicide Squad yeah oh sure
Steel Batman V Superman and then Suicide
Squad well the Batman V Superman is a
Superman technically a Man of Steel
sequel
it's a Man of Steel speed yeah sure yeah
but Suicide Squad okay I take that back
then I you know what I have and Wonder
Woman and Justice League what they're
not out yet they're not out yeah but
they've been made sure as opposed to
what was Sony was trying to do what
sinister six or whatever yep and that
just fell apart completely yeah so Sony
has given their toys back to their
owners at this point so so yeah by by
forfeit WB wins that that bad off
Darrin's head says if Justice League
doesn't make as much money as Batman vs
Superman how long will it take Warner
Brothers to reboot the DC extended
universe they'll probably try again
relatively quickly yeah different people
they yeah they and we've if we've
learned anything it's that they're
constantly rushing all their creative
decisions so if Justice League fails
there will be like a new Batman movie
within like two years those immediately
try and make a new
yep a fresh start yep gotta sell them
toys yeah gotta sell them toys all right
I think I'm getting better yeah you're
don't think I'm good but I think I'm
getting better you're learning some of
those super moves I'm doing a super soup
favorite customer says hey guys have any
of you seen berbarian sound studio no
I've been wanting to see it I even
watched it yet or tonight she comes I
don't know what that one is
apparently rich has seen it and he's a
big fan no I wanted to see berbarian
sound system I just never gotten around
to watching it what is it it's I do you
know who Toby Jones's that name rings a
bell he's a little guy he's a little man
he's the UH
you've seen the mist right yeah he's
like the little like bagger like the
older guy kind of ball dish yeah yeah
it's he's like uh he works for like a
like a film company that does like post
production sound work and I don't know
much about the plot but it's very like
atmosphere driven and mm-hm and dark
cool I've heard it compared favorably to
David Lynch oh oh oh that's bullshit
well but you beat the red guy right so
you don't have to I don't think I got a
chance to pick up a weapon II dropped I
know I don't know I think I was trying
to put it on oh he's the voice of Dobby
in the Harry Potter universe
oh really Toby Jones yeah I know that
like Truman Capote once Oh interesting
he's a good actor and I'm a fucking
dragon yes I love board games
I love played board games all the time
right now I'm currently obsessed with
Marvel legendary the the marvel deck
building game we just bought another
expansion because like my my wife and I
like if we have a free 30 minutes we'll
just bust it out and start playing
because oh yeah we're obsessed with it
it's a great game it's great deck
building game
we also played what was it that was
really fun it's called battle wizards
battle wizards is a new game that we've
been playing recently where you have to
like combine stuff and you say funny
spells it's it's a really good party
game because it makes people say goofy
things but there's also a firm rule set
unlike other card games that make people
say weird things and so it's it's a
really neat simple strategy game that
that's a fun party game so wait this is
the Serbian sound system this is like a
variants ounces so Barrett that's it's
like a real movie not a documentary
about him no no it's really okay it was
a Netflix I don't know if it still is
like my goal is just to beat that
fucking demon I know there's a whole
other area over here I know but I want
to beat that demon that's a fine goal
rich you can do it I believe in you
wake up wake up laptop I believe in you
- laptop oh shit did you lose all your
tips is that how that works
I don't know oh hey they didn't come
back oh there you go Hey nope
cuz subs on that computer Oh
everything's fine all the tips are here
he was Arne and Zola in the first
Captain America movie oh yeah and he
shows back up as the the computer and
Winter Soldier oh of course
Toby Jones you know our little guy by
the way I was just thinking of like TV
in his chest right knowing I was
creating silly me I was thinking of
Baron Zemo from the latest Captain
America who wasn't a baron zemo in this
one captain may as well be another it's
so great when you have an enemy that's
like everyone's just okay beating the
shit out of that is that is what the
Nazis that was their gift they could be
villains and stories it's really easy
enemy and boom nice I've always said
Nazis are great villains because you can
do anything you want whatever could be
the most horrible thing in the world
yeah and you can do it to a Nazi and you
people will cheer inglorious basterds
that was literally the plot of that
movie yeah you know you have a scene
where somebody slowly cuts a person's
face off like one chunk at a time yeah
glorious bastards did you see a glorious
bastard not that specifically but they
they slowly tortured Aziz
I'm just thinking about that movie the
other day I want to be watch that that
opening scene that might be what if
Tarantino's best movies mmm it's really
really good it is very it's not a
filmmaking level I mean all of his
movies are of course fantastic but yeah
that one in particular is pretty great
you know it really is that opening scene
yeah I remember seeing that in the
theater and it's so tense yep he pulled
his classic Tarantino move right on the
edge of do something yeah dragging it
out just long and it's always worth it
every single time yeah take you to the
edge and it's always worth it well that
movie in particular like all this movies
tend to have really long scenes but that
movie is like five or six really long
scenes and that's the whole movie a bar
scene the basement bar scene is great
yeah classic Tarantino how long will you
put up with this as long as I fucking me
cuz you're gonna love it
you're gonna love it were you gonna get
to the end of it you're gonna stay there
we'll see a payoff you just have to
stick with it and it's gonna be worth
it's gonna be worth all you know the
payoff because you know Tarantino at
this point yep so it's just that
anticipation that builds and builds oh
yeah I wanna watch that movie
mm-hmm-hmm Jay did you happen to see the
newest Resident Evil movie nope okay we
are we already did our whole Resident
Evil yeah I know we're not gonna top
that no you talked about Resident Evil
before talk about it again no there's
there's no reason to bother no it's
gonna be it's more of the same we
already did our Resident Evil marathon
there's no reason to continue talking
about it and neo is going fine rich is
starting to learn it's it it's very dark
souls with samurais for me I'm having
some slight
I'm having some slight user interface
issues where you know just learning how
to work the menus it feels like it
shouldn't be as difficult that as
evidence but it's always difficult
thanks I'm good in there there's some
good in there
howdy Cesare LM over thanks for laughs
you guys like fan art of rlm I posted
artsy pic in the red letter media
shitposting groups let depends how fat
are you drawing me my favorite it's
floating on the pizza slice and a funnel
of love is mine piece I don't know any
of these things you're talking about but
right fanarts fun mm-hmm it's almost
always unflattering yes but that's
that's fine that's the nature of the
carrot that's yeah exactly that's what
caricatures are yeah I'm particularly
fond of me as a tumor growing out of
rich Evans back can't argue with a
professional Disney animator do you draw
so everyone absolutely just like me go
excuse me anonymous rich I know the
hardest thing you drink is Pepsi one but
Jack and Jay when you guys want to get
tanked
what is your 40 proof of choice it is
your mission Jay to get tang I'm rarely in
the mindset anymore of where it's like I
want to get tanked yep so because you're
an adult because I'm an adult and you
understand that your actions have
consequences
exactly I still enjoy you know having
some drinks the best of the worst it's
almost not required but it helps it
helps dull the pain but what I'm not
just you know casually drinking beer I
like
yeah that's fair luck all of these guys
ah yeah and you know it depends on what
kind of tanked like for me if I'm going
hard it's Jack and Coke jam or just
straight like Jack over ice oh yeah I
don't really like anything just straight
up whiskey man whiskey's good for you
but that you know that's if I'm like
yeah maybe I'm gonna hang out for a
little bit want some sugar in me I'll
get a deck coke if I'm going for the
long drink maybe wine just I am red wine
all night we'll keep you constantly
bullshit I don't even know where the
fuck you get health potions hey kill
people they seem to be very rare kind of
I like wine but like drinking wine in
that sort of situation where you want to
just stay like lit all night no I just
it's not worth it for the feeling in the
next morning well with wine wine makes
me feel bad the next morning yeah I can
especially if you mix it up like that
maybe one beer no no no if you're
drinking wine just have a couple glasses
of wine and end it but you know like why
and you can never get to blitz which is
what I like about it well I probably can
but to think about wine is you have a
bottle you really have more than one
bottle oh-oh I box okay I don't do the
box thing that's like three bottles so
like even even if you drink a whole
bottle of wine over the course of an
evening you're not gonna be in too bad a
shape yeah that's not bad
not too bad and then you're out yeah
that's all you have is that bottle yeah
also you guys know me IPAs high alcohol
content IPAs are my usual drink of
choice and I've been really cutting back
my drinking every day except for
Saturday which is my usual drink day so
I get extra blitzed
just from having a beer so you know
Saturday should be fun
let's see here killer pi9 seven Superman
one and two equals good and hopeful
Superman 3 and 4 equals terrible scripts
and hopeful Superman Returns bad an emo
Superman steal bad emo Superman with
different director singing was going for
something man with he was trying to
capture the the richard donner feel of
the original movie yeah but but also try
and make it kind of serious like he did
with the x-men whatever he was going for
he failed the problem is that movies
just fucking boring it's it's just it's
tone-deaf yeah it's it doesn't say
anything or do anything or there was one
neat moment well I like that the
airplane crash I thought that was fun
that's when I gave up on the movie I was
first watching it I was like this is an
exciting life this should be the like
the centerpiece scene of the movie this
should be the exciting and I'm not like
interested at all so that's when I
checked out on that movie the first time
I watched it I guess that's fair like
this this is their big scene and I could
not care less I did purely from a fanboy
stance I didn't enjoy the part where he
stops the bank robbery and someone shot
him in his eyeball oh yeah and they're
like even his eyeballs are in purses
like oh I guess we've seen that now
great yeah the one part I actually
genuinely enjoyed about the movie is
when he's floating above the earth and
he can hear all the bad stuff happening
oh sure and then he has to choose which
one to save yeah yeah that's a good
Superman moment right that was that was
real Superman and then he was talking to
Louis about that later I think about you
know like yeah sometimes I'm just up
there yeah I kind of make a decision
then can I go over here I was like oh
like that was a really good thesis
statement for your Superman movie grow
on that don't try to build islands with
kryptonite right make that don't have
Lex Luthor be is
whole plan involves like wanting to sell
real estate on this like completely
uninhabitable landscape or whatever the
fuck is happening right yeah I'm making
new land I'm thinking
yet it but they had they have the
Superman thing in that tiny little
moment and I really wish I would have
expanded on that yeah but oh well
because that's the Superman thing that's
where his heart comes from he can't get
hurt but the people he loves and he
loves everyone he's here to protect you
wants to help us wants to help everyone
oh yeah you got your bird you're saving
your bird for the big demon I assume
mm-hmm yeah good idea
good idea you're on it
you're on it Lord Belmont said I know
you guys didn't like Resident Evil 7 and
as a huge fan of the games since the 90s
I love it but it's too bad you don't
show it to Jay would have been
interesting to see what he thinks
follow the new game the new game yeah
it's it's pretty similar in tone that
that outlast game that you played were
you kind of hiding from the monsters and
creepy things to look at knock out less
monsters to hide from it's a similar
style okay you you might enjoy some of
the visuals in it as it's creepy it's
creepy and krupa d alright rich you got
this don't forget to burn it up there
you go
alright take your time time I'll just
now enthralled by watching her are you
gonna be the demon
nice job rich whoa nice job you did it
this time services probably won't be
gotten to four hours after the mention
of the Miss utterly tip that was six
hours ago now whatever Jay the end of the
episode with the silver shamrock theme
playing over the dolls on the conveyor
belt and glorious oh I am I like that in
a lot of the best episodes you guys use
the music from one of the things to any
any time you can get a chance to
reference Halloween three well you gotta
take it great take full advantage okay
buster_loads acknowledge your tip
Uh, Jay, says Lawson_Technicolor, there's a nice little
documentary on Netflix called curse of
the man who sees UFOs it ends up being a
great character study on a failed horror
director Oh curse of the man who sees
UFOs hmm I'm gonna make a note of that
sounds like American movie what is it
called curse of the curse of the man who
sees UFOs okay he's a failed hoarder
Ector who is obsessed with UFOs alright
noted
another editing question Jame all the
all the random tangent / weird face
responds in half in the bag all found in
editing or was that or they planned no
they're never planned never lets all
create an entity so you don't like after
you don't use like okay we don't just
make a bunch of faces today but if you
can make a bunch of faces that I can cut
to now go they're all all made in
editing they're all naturally made faces
during the shoot yeah well loner loner
and ask an important question that I
have an answer to how do I give my
donation to Jay because he is the best
aspect of the stream even though he
doesn't show up most of the time no
offense jack and rich mostly Jack Hoel
owner arch on the the best way to do
that is to become a patron now you can
be a patron of our LM so Jay can do what
he wants all the time which sometimes
includes gonna be on stream which is
always there then we talk about movies
it's great bindle turn says i want to
desensitize myself too spooky gory stuff
in movies how do I get this done fast Oh
God gory I don't think there's a way to
get it done fast
oh and be sensitized because I've been
watching this shit since I was a tiny
child yeah I just everyday everyday
wants a new gory weird movie alright
I'm gonna go back and kill that one
little guy I'm just or we can find out
let's find out what is over the hill
over him
find out what's over the hill
land like Osinski says I guess I
shouldn't want you guys all on my lunch
break
oh I only write that one I've seen hell
or high water
yeah it's good no I want my I want my
birds I want I want the birds god damn
it
oh yeah oh man egos to like level up and
yeah I have to go back all right need
your birds for you probably got a lot of
bird material for that price
oh yeah I do don't die anyway to the
birds no I'm very worried about that now
right
Darkwing schmuck sorry if you got this
tip already but I don't know if it went
through the first time if you really
need a shitty seat for superhero movie
for best allures check out Catwoman oh
god I saw Catwoman in theater we made a
plan there's like a group of us cuz we
heard it was terrible
yeah like let's go see it to see how bad
it is we're like we're gonna go to the
last showing of the night and we're
gonna go in our pajamas I don't know why
we had in our mind that we were gonna go
in our pajamas
sure so there's a group of us that I
went to see Catwoman and pajamas and it
was terrible well there you go
it was just as bad as you would expect
it's everything we are comfy because we
were in pajamas well there you go
also Jay ever seen a breakfasts yes
Danny I've seen it praxis several times
touching story touching love story of
Jesse Ventura and a small child I've
never seen it now I don't want to it
will show up on best of the worst
eventually oh wow it has to it was on
the play-doh board once let's see here
the blue blaze says have you heard of
the discovery Netflix movie about Jason
Segel and Rooney Mara working for Robert
Redford now has scientifically proven
the existence of the afterlife
he's still working sure yeah you kind of
disappeared a little bit didn't he well
he did like that forgetting sarah
marshall leaves big and then the Muppets
movie and then I feel like he kind of
went away yeah well he was on his
writing thing for a while okay I'm just
gonna be a writer for a little bit but I
guess he's acting now Robert Redford Wow
yeah no I don't even heard of this movie
anonymous that has a very important
question for Jay Jay I live in Milwaukee
and I'm planning on getting married in
July do you guys still do red-letter
weddings no so can I hire you to shoot
my wedding you know a few all the
information you need just go to
red-letter weddings calm there you go
there right now and that's all the
information great red-letter weddings
dot-com yes okay anonymous I don't know
what that one says his daddy Hills daddy
54 hey Jay I know you like the TV show
Fargo yeah it's great
do you plan on watching Legion I don't
know what the show is I don't know
anything about Legion
so I mention it earlier I haven't heard
about this either wait I don't care that
it's a comic book TV show I care that it
has some it's a comic book TV but I know
nothing about this show I'm looking it
up right now yeah what is Legion using
the guests Legion it's on effects what's
the name of the TV show coming out
that's a DC superhero show that's a
ripoff of Marvel's damage control oh
yeah super they're nothing super nothing
special or yeah I know we're talking
it's on ABC to write or NBC it's on any
one of the network even is based on a
Marvel comic oh I know nothing about
this show it's about the a it's about
x-men oh is it
that's what I'm reading here oh it's
about
your son interesting
oh it's called powerless that's what
this was all done indeed right right
yeah it's a comedy there's no there's a
comedy show on NBC about people who like
deal with the superhero who like damage
control oh right David in Oh people so
excited for Lego Batman movie love the
original lego movie and can't wait to
see that's our catch of humor I mean I
am with this one that's that's the
important question right there if not
then who cares although I think it's
getting good reviews minor rocks they
got the tone right oh shit I just gotta
run in there and for the best I mean
yeah let me go ahead and IMDB then by
the way I go to IMDB and an ad popped up
for Legion well there you go
they've been listening in to me this
whole time yeah go check that out that
Legion I don't have FX though I'm gonna
get FX Lego Batman movie looks fun last
lego movie look fun it's directed by
Chris McKay who is most known for
directing Robot Chicken Lord and Miller
writers know Lord and Miller oh my oh my
god a lot of writers that's always a
good sign
John Whittington Jared Stern Erik summer
Chris McKenna Seth grahame-smith the
only two picture people here with
pictures Seth grahame-smith the guy that
wrote that Abraham Lincoln vampire
hunter boy that's that's weird I think I
think that's the same guy oh by the way
Seth grahame-smith is a writer owner was
a
Derk shadows no he wrote the movie yeah
yeah the Tim Burton movie that sucks
yeah he started off as an author and
then now he's writing movies Chris
McKenna is most well known for being a
producer on American Dad he had
something to do with community to know a
pretty surfer community okay
oh also a writer here we go okay he's
also written for the Mindy project which
I've never seen community and American
bad no Lord Miller but Lord and Miller
set the tone sure it's funny you're
something much more hesitant I mean I'm
gonna see it no matter what because my
kids know that it exists oh sure I will
see it Oh Ike you know what I'm seeing
it on Thursday we already have ticket oh
wow I'm so I know I'm seeing it already
I just hope I just hope it ain't bad
knowledge junkie have you guys ever
considered another board game stream
night you could use tabletop simulator
to play great stuff like Castlevania
board game or betrayal a house on the
hill Horror Club oh I do love that game
that's oh yes I love board games we had
a lot of fun with the board game stream
the problem is board games usually
require a lot of people and coordinating
that many people is usually a difficult
task as we are all busy and not all of
us want to broadcast the things we do
insane to people so yes oh and you know
what someone recently gifted me a board
game or a tabletop simulator so maybe
that'll make it easier but yes we do
want to do another board games for you
it may or may not happen
it may or may not happened Jay did you see
Guillermo del Toro's crimson peak you
know I started watching it I rented it
like iTunes or something and I got like
20 minutes in and it's like I don't care
and I shut it off
Wow yeah there you go
I have nothing to say about it well
there's like nap listen for me a little
too stuffy I don't like those like
Victorian ghost story things like I
don't care I like caramel Villatoro
which is why I give it a shot but oh
sure oh you missed yeah or I should say
I like caramel toros enthusiasm towards
everything he makes love zzs of jovial
man that just loves making movies which
is great oh this is just a background
and uh no man loves making movies and
that's a great question Reggie I like
killing things yeah that's why you
aggravated them yeah ultimately that
wasn't my problem
Danny's pain Lord bellman says you
didn't but you have to like fucking van
out of shape over some crap game it was
dull I was looking at the screen he was
walking around question though rich Rhea
playing it right I wasn't playing okay
Jack were you playing it correctly I
appeared to be but because I assuming if
someone says that but you have to like
it then it really you really look like a
sack of boring dicks is if I if I didn't
unconditionally love it then obviously I
was playing it wrong yeah
but Lord Belmont says you didn't get too
far in Resident Evil 7 but you do get
regular enemies later I was curious
about Jays react
into it because of the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre vibe Jay does like creepy
things I do Jay likes creepy movies like
creepy movies I have not played this
game though so I don't know right you
and he you might like it I think it's a
great atmosphere trying to shove a game
around it
yeah you can't really chef a game around
it I don't worry we'll call it an
experience
it's immersive right it's supposed to be
immersed that's exactly what it is yeah
there's a door over there that you can
go after you defeat the big monster did
you look at the chests inside the house
one of the chests has I pick up all the
shit I thought I thought I completely
looted the house but it's entirely
possible I missed something and you know
what I feel really stupid yeah I kept
going back if I out if I had even before
I go around the other way the other way
was like a shortcut to get here where I
didn't have to fight those three guys so
now I just feel like a moron and that's
great that is that is PI clam how much
of your half in the bag is all % Oh
incorrect would you like to make a
percentage guess what is before I ask
the question Oh rich was wrong with 12%
okay I'm gonna say 5% well it's gonna be
an extreme then if there's an actual
percentage involved Oh 100 okay what's
your guess
1% risk is correct 100% I'm always okay
how how much of your half in the bag is
improvised well no if you count the
skits okay I suppose you correct the
skits are written and then the entire
discussion is is you know off the cuff
sure sometimes you guys sometimes
there's no skits so in those cases it is
a homicide you know I was closer with
the 12% I think yeah
even with this picture at 90% 90%
improvised right
it says sometimes you guys seem
surprised at each other's reactions to
films and sometimes you seem like you've
already discussed it no we we never
discussed the movies before we talked
about him on the show yeah probably some
of that is just from you guys knowing
each other sounds like you probably know
how Mike is going to react to well
sometimes if we see the movies together
you can just get a vibe in a theater
what's happening right the same question
about the nerd crew show bit trickier
yeah maybe 60 to 75 percent scripted
okay I'm gonna say cuz I'm proud of it
the I've been it's like being dead for
90 minutes but you're eating popcorn
100% improvised yeah yeah is as was
Ghostbusters Oh God yeah mess that came
out of nowhere some great improv range
yeah thank you
quality quality improv I don't like to
toot my own horn but I'm just too proud
oh it's like you're being dead for 19
minutes but you get to eat popcorn it's
a great line
Oh big monster you were woken a big
monster but I want to fight him in a no
you're doing great
Oh oh hey nice birdie man I should have
burned the bird anonymous have you guys
seen Neil Breen's newest film
pass-through not yet no we're waiting on
a guess we don't have to wait on against
we don't have to but we are and we don't
have to do them
we should there should be a time limit
on the waiting we'll see we'll see we
haven't seen we've only seen one Neil
Breen film yeah as we know that we
should record our reactions if we watch
another one right here's here's the deal
we're waiting on for pasture right yes
what are the other ones I guess I feel
like that's the newest one though that's
the one that's the most exciting to talk
about if we do one of the old ones
people would say why don't you just do
pass through that's the new one Neil
Breen stuff is funny that's true I'm
still very adamant we go chronological
down the rabbit hole and then happening
of the Breen because then by the time we
get to pass through and the guest
finally shows up we will be mad with
Breen we will be we will be in a fever
bream je n'ai tell a bad story about
editing corporate videos um I don't have
one no I'm sorry that question I don't
have any bad stories about editing
corporate videos there you go I've added
very few corporate videos
and I haven't had any bad experiences no
shit there you go
sorry sorry tired exciting to say there
that's all of those guys so always
you've got yeah well your your life and
your stamina yeah
you've got this rich
so here it's time to go to bed yeah Oh
God tells me it tells me it's like a it
gives me a gentle reminder if you didn't
hear that my phone just went Bing Bing
it gives me a gentle reminder in case I
forget to go to bed as I often do that's
so sad well I'm doing stuff I barely
slept in like the last two days forget
to sleep sleep eat stand up my computer
tells me a lot really he just walked
into the fire and died oh great
that makes it really easy for you now
you're gonna get the shoot really he
just walked into the fire and died they
dropped good stuff yeah but you're dead
you died you know I got the shoes he
didn't he didn't get the shoes okay it's
true I don't like any shoe no shoes are
worth dying for
oh the terrible shoes oh they're the
terrible shoes oh no it was so not worth
it they look good but if they like walk
into a fire good things you have to
think about these are the tough calls
you make when you're a samurai yeah
have any of you guys seen 2010's
predators you know Adrienne Bodhi I you
know I liked that movie him yeah I
thought it was pretty okay I think it
kind of got like mediocre reviews when
it came out no one really talks about it
anymore I thought it was decent like I'm
big into predator and I saw the trailer
for that
I think it's worth watching oh yeah it's
better than predator - and I think I'm a
predator - okay got a good cast Laurence
Fishburne's fun in it he plays like a
crazy man that's been surviving on the
predator planet for a while he just on
his own nice yeah I hope I don't have to
use the boat too much that what the
controller is just painful yes yes it is
no I don't think you do I haven't yeah
everyone's saying it's fine it's the
others if you like predator it's
enjoyable hmm there's a fight scene
between a predator and a samurai guy in
it that's what and it's never it doesn't
get like over the top which is kind of
great
for a modern movie that's great yeah I
like it all right new shampoo like a
lazy Sunday movie yeah like it's not
gonna challenge you in any way but it's
enjoyable perfect perfect
um sir Onion Knight wants to know if
rich is a method actor for example would
you only respond to the namespace cop
while filming space cop no my method
acting is I say the funny things yeah
until Mike says stop saying the funny
things yeah that wasn't funny don't say
that also was filming the prostitute
scene in feeding frenzy as awkward as it
was to watch awkward Todd listen you
talk about the things before you make
them you explain to everybody what's
going on they know what they're there to
do it's fine get to see Tina Krause's to
take off her clothes great everybody's a
happy happy time yeah and everybody's
happy time the only the only way scenes
get awkward is if you don't properly
discuss them with everybody beforehand
long as everybody knows what they're
there to do it's fine oh that got me
jaesi moonlight yet and no no I have not
seen moonlight yeah I've heard it's good
but I know you saw it and you just kind
of didn't care for cuz it did that much
of a story all right it's great
performances yeah I have this concern
that it's like this year's boyhood where
everybody loves it everybody praises it
and I'm like yeah but maybe it's good I
haven't seen it I'd like I can I I
understand where the praise is coming
from yeah the bud is just not my type of
thing controversial subject matter great
acting Jack I need know am I getting
close to a boss fight
No then we should think about calling it
sir okay do you want to run to a boss
fight do you just want to see what the
first big bosses yeah okay I can I can
help you run to a boss fight okay just
so then you can see what the boss is
like so run turn around left sure okay
so basically once you get to the top of
tower don't don't go down again so
basically you want to Oh turn look to
your left that ship there there's a boss
on that ship all right you got to get
through a lot of shit to get to that bus
do you want me to see if I can right you
do it I might be able to oh you don't
invert your that's fine so what you back
well I'm just getting about here we're
about done here anyway
shit I'm just gonna get you to the boss
so you can see what the first boss looks
like I might be able to run there I'm
hoping I can run there
some of these rubes have like yeah I
noticed collapsible parts again I'll
fuck you
hello running away oh yeah maybe nothing
all right
we can call it yeah great one more tip
or maybe not maybe no more tips I don't
know what we have we don't have anything
to say about that times heads all right
let's um let's let's call it go open
that one make that thing thing make that
thing happen all right now is the point
in the stream in which we think all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream which we can't barely read on the
small little monitor it's fine I can
kind of read it can you read it
sinnerman says it's amazing
twitch gives us a marker each month to
remind us of the time and money we waste
here here's to many more Pizza train
1124 fucking months in a row says
waiting on but what about Bob review
wait oh yeah we had we had a couple of
thoughts man Jack yeah a review of what
about Bob okay or demolition man ah
demolition man would be a good one or
possibly both I I have a theory about
demolition man which is that everybody
that loves demolition man loves the
first half of demolition man yes because
the second half loses all the the satire
and funny stuff oh yes except for me who
loves also the second half because I
like action sock although at the end it
is great doesn't he like a second half
no it's fine but it's tough this is
everything that people remember about
demolition man is from the first like 25
to 30 minutes oh yeah yeah but doesn't
doesn't uh wesley snipes get his head
kicked off at the end yeah my
misremembering though I don't know if
that's Wesley or if that's one of his he
gets frozen and then
and his head gets kicked off okay well
that almost makes everything worth it or
what about Bob or nothing but trouble
that's a jack and rich yeah yes putting
that out there okay lah de or possibly
LOD says that's good
love panty party lol it could be a
capital I I'm looking at this at a tiny
monitor because her big screen has
hooked up to the ps4 yeah so I could
have that name wrong and if I do I
apologize a little Raza twelve months in
a row yellow ranger says hey jay RB snake
okay
kick girl v says thanks rich and jack
for teaching me the valuable what the
value value life lesson that everything
is fine all the time it's true Wow dad
fat a 42 25 fucking months in a rose is
25 what watching you guys is like
hanging with my old group of friends
thanks I'm sorry your old group of
friends apparently all died some kind of
tragic accident Edgar Allen hope Oh says
that's a good name happy Valentine's Day
you hack frauds for a second there I was
terrified that this was the 14th oh God
just forgot everything no I leave off oh
okay we're fine just stop celebrating it
Valentine's Day stupid alien oh seven
says I've been going through a shit time
for the past few months you guys and
copious amounts of alcohol have helped
keep me sane so thanks also fucked rum
LT can't be I mean he said it
just reading thing just rate about what
he said I'm reading tiny tick so I'm
sorry I forget this wrong let's just
look looks like chip or Lord spambot 88
says always nice to support you guys
thanks been bad
I am torso says hooray another month of
supporting you wonderful hacks snuke 7
says Jay is the Poochie of Pre Rec streams
but we hope he never returns to his home
planet Taggart Bastogne 21 fucking
months and roses happy to see you guys
online tonight Stryker 1633 says I
really enjoy listening to your streams
keep up the great work guys
a monopolist JJcheeker, CheekerJJ
Cheeker, 13 months in a roses me
personally I love this stream it's
perfect in its simplicity
but complex in its subtlety waffle tale
18 months in a row mater totter George
Lucas 69 it'll make geo something I know
and make it out he's leaning in like an
old man hey it's Walter jerkwad live
says ten months sadly I might not be
able to make the 12 months I love
supporting you and hope to again when
things are better
well like a jerk wad do what to do
you're not a jerk wad says non jerk wad
you it's ironic you know I might just
means funny like this it's funny da
Richburg says ya made it no fear at all
and beat
four fucking months in a row says HBO
shit what that was something we said
hours ago
dr. Schecter promise you can't you can't
be topical you can't be like topical
about stuff we talked about three hours
ago when we yeah dr. Schaack mom got one
bless our drugs 27 fucking months in a
row
freewheeling Pope says hi guys can you
confirm whether or not it's really Mike
all right we'll look at the gift later
and then we won't be able to answer you
because we'll be off the stream then
have no idea if that gives us Mike
whatever time to figure it out club or
no wait a crab crab 21 fucking months a
neurosis sup loader loader Dan's and
Cheryl way I think I really can't read
I'm sorry
Bunga doc good it's 29 fucking months
and roses because of our limb life is
more rich no one Jack's me around and
Mike is not all it's gonna be Oh Jay no
Joshin zennith been since why am I still
paying you hacks game child UK this is
once that fin six months ago
stop being a cheap fraud thanks Ganga's
barb 927 fucking months in a row
oh and thunder guns says Smash Brothers
stream with Jay and Josh some type of
Chinese Asian or Japanese characters
that I am unable to read in any way
shape or form they're great if that was
their actual name but everything you
just said says O'Neill
I bought this yesterday Pro Lee
it says halfway to a year I guess Agent
Orange 2321 evil Mathers zard or ninety
wicked Scottie 69 says thanks to the
memories assholes just kidding lol it's
full of stars
dr. soya days 22 fucking months and
roses sing
ice-cream man show up on the plink at
aboard reminded me of the 2014 April
Fool's best of the worst Jack just
wanting to know I was actually
disappointed that I wasn't going to
watch you and Josh ramble on about that
undoubtedly awful movie home town markup
30 fucking months in a row and yep dosa
says thanks heck frauds
love you guys thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do alright have a nice
night motherfuckers
