Aug 27, 2017
Sky Rogue
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/172573649
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/172585561
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2IbzpwipZA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex4CKKVsld0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/901892808008765440

[Part I]
to the stream what went wrong this time
Jack what keeps going wrong everything
everything keeps killing them's the
breaks jack
son of a bitch rich we we are playing
sky rogue we were hoping to play diddy
kong racing which is a game that we have
tried to play now I want to say for the
past four streams hey everybody
yeah what's wrong with the lights in
there we got our cam bling set up and
you're seeing the the TV reflects back
on us
things aren't I could actually probably
turn the camera to auto white balance
but then I wonder if it would like
constantly changing what do you want to
try turning up
I'll try turning up the frame lines we
have try turning up the lights so so as
you guys know you know we constantly
have we constantly have problems with
our webcam with our webcam rich I'm
talking about the constant technical
problems we have with our webcam so oh
that oh that looks nicer
hold on now what now I'm gonna adjust
the camera
what's wrong with the camera well that
was good right
he looks I think it looks dark now they
look fine before yeah yeah whatever it's
fine oh it's pretty good just gonna say
it's great that looks pretty good
Jack stop dicking with it nope constant
dickory that's how it works here I split
the difference
so hopefully fuck just fucking
everything just fucking fucking
everything rich I want to play fucking
sky rogue alright hopefully this is a
fun game oh similar controls you
probably like arcade controls yeah okay
okay so classic steering kind of curious
about simulator stirring steer the
aircraft all directions roll to the left
to turn are you just holding left and
right yeah just left right to turn and
then pitch up and down whoa shit and
that's the camera but I'm not like n64
well this isn't blurry and grainy and
there's a decent resolution so this
looks nothing like n64 it really wants
me to use mouse controls button
I feel like this kind of game was meant
for a controller well it looks like it's
giving you mouse or left I'm the thing
right use the lipstick I'm using the
left stick okay and hit a button uh-huh
hit a button oh there we go I needed it
okay look around okay so now I'm looking
around whoa look if I if I start playing
XCOM yeah that's all I'm gonna do for
like months yeah I'm kind of in a happy
little stardew valley place right now
okay we're gonna XCOM we'll be there
when I'm ready for it I'm not I'm not
old you're freaking worried about it
whoa do you not get machine guns it's
just all missiles I think I get to
change okay we gotta go to the target
here
you can't go butter butter butter butter
butter butter butter butter I want to
I got a I got a target taco oh you get
like a like a ball awareness in in
rocket League you can yeah you know have
it lock on to a target choose why now or
like an excellent alliance when it
focused on your target
ah neat pressing down on the stick while
turning
as primary target now okay
hey I said we're probably gonna have to
switch off on this I want to try this
this is need I'll tell you this is need
shit where my god try not crashing into
the ground I'm not I'm what are you what
are you doing I'm trying to fault they
see that arrow that says command I'm
trying to follow that arrow
I think that arrow is just behind you go
back to the green thing in the sky what
do you know look that white arrow tells
me to go there alone let me get it
further away from the carrier after
destroying the objective oh well up that
thing on the ground that's I did shoot
fire - firing great I'm just gonna go to
the carry that seems like a glitch I'm
just gonna go to the carrier okay so you
know what happened rich let's let's get
back to the story that we were telling
the important story that we were telling
of why we are not playing Diddy Kong
race
yeah because that is the important story
is it because I remember the guy got I I
had to buy controllers like and the only
way to get them to me fast enough was to
buy third-party controllers oh do you
have bombs huh bombs do you have bombs
not missiles but bombs I have this eye
flare or micro and rocket what's the
other thing
what's a flare you only have two yeah so
let's see if these did not this seems
like a glitch
I'm unconvinced I'm thinking that I blew
it up too fast like I blew it up before
it told me to blow it up because yeah
like it tells me there's something there
but there's nothing there oh oh you
can't why can't they follow the simple
direction on the top I land I can
explain the simple direction on the top
it says land at the carrier after
destroying the objective to proceed to
the next Island yes you can also land to
repair and rearm here's but if you guys
notice there is a giant white arrow that
says that shows me worthy image acts
head-up display there's a white arrow
that says command and it's pointing to
the honest pointing to the island and
then when I went to the carrier it said
I stalled or something no you stalled
the probably because you want straight
up in the air in your engine stalled oh
I don't want them trying to carry it
yeah yeah we'll try the carrier again
okay so I had to buy third party
Nintendo 64 controllers to make sure
they got here in time for the stream
today yeah I got that taken care of a
major had all my cables we have Diddy
Kong Racing we got here and we hooked it
up to the elgato like we've done so many
times before with a with different RGB
cables right then we weren't getting a
signal and it was weird you know we did
a bunch of restarting and I just kind of
let it I don't know how you landed this
but I knew that was gonna happen
alright let's try that again by the way
the chat is saying you know that the
last target you destroy the the I know X
you did it's still stays another marker
for the command that arrow it's a glitch
okay so that is it so that was a glitch
yeah yeah there we go so that was a
question that's fine okay I landed so we
got it all good to go and it wasn't
turning on so then we hooked up the n64
directly to the TV no Elgato and we were
not getting a signal and you know we
tried to Jimmy
shake it and do all that fun stuff and
for some reason we were not getting mad
well because I actually went landing to
be more difficult I'm not horrible just
got close and hit a button and where's
the button for like landing gear and
then you got slowed down you gotta get
the angle right that's what I want on a
flight simulator check that's fine rich
this is more arcadey I feel sure
incoming this game looks low fight you
ever see the earliest flight simulators
that shit was all just blocks man
triangles and blocks triangles and
blocks there we go now we got a machine
gun what button is that I just got it
this time
yay fuck was that I died I died rich
okay so working because we're in the
middle of telling a story and I keep
getting distracted by the game I really
should have waited and till and finish
the story and then played so we hooked
up the n64 directly to the TV and we
weren't getting any signals really weird
because we've used this n64 before these
have a range of them these have a range
on them these have a range of 500 weapon
they're real
you know I just need to get into range
or flares but you normally use to stop a
missile that's got a lock on you yeah
I'm not on killers you're firing it at
other people don't know I'm not on
players you were before
no I'm not obviously no no you can see
the weapon I'm on is light blue we
that's funny
are you Amy lock flares huh flares I
don't know how to use them
whoa you slow down your speed yeah oh
yeah I had him rich oh I stalled speed
up everything's fine everything's fine
I I'm gonna have to give this job this
is really neat I am I'm actually really
enjoying it oh please you should be blow
it up okay yeah fucking hit by a missile
jack it's fine everything's fine it's
not fine look fine about that
shake these missiles
this looks fun this is fun as fuck kind
of into it there you go that's one way
to take him down
just smash into him I got it done rich
so the in support wasn't working and so
I started to remember that oh they're
the mission not the missus so I started
to remember that back when you and I
were on half in the bag as part of that
storyline yeah that Mike and J like we
brought a bunch of our nerd stuff yeah
to the to the studio so Mike and Jacob
use it and included in that was my n64
this game looks so bad since the chat
are you kidding oh no I'm kind of in
this game looks great I am kind of into
it
but I'm gonna die so I did my mission it
was a bad shape huh fuel yeah it's
looking fab your fuel yeah I'm going
back I'm going back going back to my
carrier turning is harder than you would
think
or doing that doing the barrel roll is
harder than you think
and so I'm remembering that we brought
mine in 64 there and I and I remember
somewhere in my mind Mike doing
something with the n64 and we asked the
chat do you guys remember Mike doing
anything with the n64 on one of the half
in the bags and they they believed he
was so I think I think Mike broke the
n64 it's possible stylee possible it's
entirely possible and so we had of
course of course it's some stupid video
game thing that I brought in too you
know
decorate the set so basically Mike
ruined it blame Mike and I'll be I'll be
adding that too to the list of things
Mike owes me and I'll need a new and 64
lookout you check the n64 out of TV at
all before or after you probably even
know about the have in the bag no I
don't watch all the half in the bags
like I said it like it's jet it's just
here for a while we brought when we will
for the storyline where the half of the
bag repair shop we we me and Jack were
running it as a video game right repair
shop right right we brought a bunch of
our own shit in to decorate the set
right our own nerd stuff including all
of my video game consoles so you know to
get rid of the VCRs you have old video
game consoles that storyline was ongoing
so our junk was just on the set for a
while oh sure well it's not like I was
using the n64 but I had it and if I know
it worked before cuz that's this is the
n64 that we used years ago when we did
like Mario Kart yeah yeah all those
other games on streams so I did know it
works before and now it doesn't so
like lat oh right and I haven't used it
since law we dig out the n64 so often
right for a library of mediocrity
there's a few except you major
exceptions Mario Kart is a fun game I
don't actually hate okarin oh oh okay
now uh of time this fine game Mario 64
is good nothing else of note in my
opinion you know as far as I give a shit
came out about it cuz I don't give a
fuck about Smash Brothers right I don't
give a flying fuck about Smash Brothers
I do
I like Smash Brothers alright I rebound
control so now rolling are the shoulder
buttons as they should be
Goldeneye oh yeah first-person shooter
with a wonky controlled stick and and
movement with those goddamn yellow
camera buttons so sign me up
it's what we had man it's what we had
and we loved it it's what we had and we
fucking loved it
it's garbage to me first-person shooter
with a controller ah oh wait I broke
something Turek dinosaur hunter
first-person shooter with a controller
whoo doom 64 first-person shooter with a
control we can go on doom 64 I think the
sprites and it look ugly as hell yeah
yeah I played it a little bit I'm like
oh it's just like regular doom but ugly
I suppose that's a way to look at it oh
shit Wow yeah you've they're serious
about that whole stalling thing you have
unlimited ammo for that machine gun I
believe there's a cool-down period oh
this is rich like a first-person shooter
with a controller any of them like any
closest I've come to liking like men
even that first person I don't think
there's any first-person shooter I like
with a controller I do love vanquish
sure and before that was out of PC I can
only play that with a controller so you
dealt with it much to vanquish is credit
I think it played fine but I did abuse
the time slowdown powers haha like
constantly and that's probably why oh
and I'm sure that's why the time
slowdown powers over there right no in
general I think of controllers I'm
assuming anyone who's asking about this
is new to our streams that could be I
think a controller is just an awful way
to play a shooter
mouths for life you know and that's
that's how that's all I had for a while
and so I I foolishly
I here's here's what I will always say
about controllers I will always defend
controllers as being more comfortable
yeah then mouse and keyboard but if you
want to be at all precise you need a
mouse I can understand why you would
think there mark you know just were used
to her more comfortable but as somebody
who pretty much sense sense like up and
down became a thing in video games I
forced myself to learn how to use a
mouse yeah video games and it is
perfectly comfortable for me it's really
you know the keyboard I've never and you
know it's it's been years now and I can
never be comfortable with the keyboard
I can I can get it I can get it I mean
just speaking for me yeah
it's comfortable Wow yeah I could never
understand the keyboard
yeah do so do you see like that little
gun recharge thing you see like how it's
like oh this is a recharge yeah like you
know you get right all right look at
recharges bullet by bullet that's fine
that's fine compromise between depth and
action yeah
although I need to go back into the
controls again because for some reason
my I tried to change barrel roll to to
my shoulder buttons and it didn't take
pops on halo I've never played it
I understand at some point there was a
PC release but for the most part the
Halo games are our console things uh
yeah that's a fair statement and I avoid
first-person shooters where you're using
a controller like the plague this is
super fun rich halo halo to me when I
look at halo now keep in mind I haven't
played it so this isn't an official
review or critique yeah it looks like
nothing new it looks like quake 2 only
like years later that that's a suit like
I I have I've played halo and I don't
understand the love for it it's it's
just a shooter like it's just a pretty
generic shooter cuz it was it was
consulars first sure sure and you know
when I came out to me it just looked old
hat mm-hmm
like then I play this 10 years ago that
was my thought on Halo in this 10 years
old
wait I've done this
it's nothing like quick that's right
it's got rechargeable health
that's right quick quick you know you
have to earn your yet to earn your
health halo you can just hang around
whoo I gotta get out of here I am rather
enjoying this I'll tell you what how
many engines do I need to get rid of on
this carrier
whoo gotcha motherfucker a person in
chat wouldn't want an autistic ban you
for 30 minutes burn banned shit did you
shoot me down hello
I'm trying to pull up what happened I
was almost very disappointed oh that's
fun
great tail-mounted gun Thanks
I don't know what any of this tech means
I'm just fun I'm just just doing stuff
Oliver just points are do this everyone
I know that plays halo doesn't with
their friends to be social what the fuck
is can be about it and that's true you
know what a halo back in the day you
know like with land parties and then you
know with the later halos they it was a
big multiplayer game because that was
another thing and you know again in the
early days of the internet you know and
if you're a console player multiplayer
games are from my point of you just look
like the console is catching up right
oh shit yeah this thing
Chad I've never said anything about what
your three I haven't plated you people
are trying to be you've been what trying
to ruin my good mood today
apparently why the dickheads I'm looking
at this game I'm thinking this looks fun
it is you know what rich it is fun real
games
no dice or honor I'm sorry but did you
just go forward at dice order I say
there's there's a what there's a turkey
alone let's try the cluster bomb oh oh
oh oh fun look at this rich oh you can
choose your color oh fuck yes I'm gonna
be this one do they have different stats
yeah or not the colors but like you can
choose like different okay I just
unlocked this one the light bomber yeah
so that's what we're going out as
obviously yeah I already did that let's
go launch let's do it I'm gonna start
banning anyone in the chat just everyone
who just irritates me and you know I was
I I got it Witcher I got it I understood
why it was why people loved it I get it
and then everyone was like crazy
afterwards because like I was playing it
wrong even though I was having a great
time playing it excuse me there we go
I was trying to ride it I was trying to
ride it and I didn't and we're just
gonna try again we'll just go again
which is fine we're just gonna go again
but you know what the combat was really
nice I love the open world I could just
kind of walk around and do what I want
as far as Witcher 3 is concerned I
thought yeah I mean you know me and
cutscenes and the game starts with about
an hour and a half long cutscene a 30
minute timeout it's not it's not the
worst thing that could happen to
you bag oh no I'm not permabanning
anyone just a timeout just a small
reminder like hey let's be cool to each
other
ah I feel about the season of Rick and
Morty so far I'm enjoying it yeah I'm
waiting for it to run out of steam it
hasn't yet that's good that's good if
you're if you're you know
wait are you expecting it to run out of
steam yeah because it's you can't be
that good forever huh sure okay I get it
I get it
yeah what I mean by that is it's too
good for me to believe they can keep it
up right right and that's you know what
that's an okay problem to have gotcha
it's too good that's fine
this game is giving me Rogue Squadron
flashbacks if any of you played that you
have right you always sure sure the old
Star Wars start yeah you know what it's
a little bit like that except for I
think the idea with this is that it's a
it's it's a roguelike flights in yeah
that was I was when those came out I was
a big fan of the the x-wing games and
Rogue Squadron in comparison was just so
shallow yeah I could see that I could
absolutely see that right so I I didn't
care for it much but uh yeah this is
this is you know a little Arkady little
bolita Stritch look I didn't see you
can't enjoy Rogue Squadron I'm gonna
find you god damn it said that alright
alright there you go there you go 10
minutes 10 minutes Wow
you fucked up man look at this big
fucking bomb I don't think I'm using it
right yet still figuring out how to use
it
but I got this big fucker riches nope
show riches riches in a great mood I
know what you're talking about
well riches and riches in a great
okay ready
so the mods of the night I'm not gonna
catch everything I'm gonna be too busy
talking to Jack
can we please play destiny - just for
fun nope nope
once again I'm not a fan of shooters
with controllers yep and you know
destiny like I I've heard enough people
like describe destiny to me where I
totally understand why people like it
world of warcraft that's and that's just
kind of grandi shit it's like World of
Warcraft but with shooting yeah right
and so but like I understand why people
like world of warcraft you know destiny
is this city - one pc i know the first
one that was ps4 exclusive right second
one might be coming out on PC I don't
know and I don't I don't really care
yeah with you
blow the ship up Oh all right that's all
I want to do I want to blow that ship up
the more things you blow up the more
money you get and then you can spend
that money for a buying new shit so I'm
just having a little fun but I need to
go back and I need to reconfigure these
controls yes to is on PC no controllers
at all and it's properly optimized oh
okay so it's still an MMO it's like you
know it's because you also know Rich's
feelings about like massively
multiplayer online games which is
generally speaking you know not the best
yeah quit to the main menu yo I need to
figure out a better way to do roll right
stick X whatever I don't give a shit
none of the ads for destiny ever made me
go wow this looks like something I
really need to try right
oh I get it all right
Titus 84 says rich this is likely
already been asked any thoughts on the
new XCOM expansion set for a September
release tits um
I'm sure it'll be it might be fine I I
know it's coming I'm I'm not gonna rush
shit I broke something I broke something
I broke something god damn it
restore defaults totally broke something
all right
there we go
yeah I totally broke it which is fine I
just have to get used to the dodging the
dodging is weird because you have to
click down on the left stick and then
flip and that's weird but no I'm not
you're not what Oh
the response to the thing that got the
person bad okay yeah ten minutes
come on relax
yeah
I mean I'm I'm you know I'm I'm down for
just we're gonna expand XCOM to because
I love XCOM - right I know nothing I
really saw or heard about when they
talked about it at e3 had my my tongue
hate it like a gonna go oh boy oh boy
you know nothing nothing wowed my socks
off
okay it all sounds like fine additions
but nothing I don't know how well the
factions things gonna work I don't know
know willing to give it a shot
that's cool that's all that really
matters
how far did says hey Richie jack in my
younger years I mistakenly got a Sega
because I wanted the blood in Mortal
Kombat sure sure stupid kid
no that's the stuff that was the selling
point for a lot of us any console you've
ever regret getting last I had a Virtual
Boy so dumb
yeah when I was a kid I got the Sega
Saturn instead of a Playstation one
that's ringing whoo there you go that's
a good one yeah good one yeah Sega
Saturn
young man what year was that
well use the PlayStation 1 and Saturn
it's a good question 90s right good
ladies early nineties is what I want to
say is like 91 a little bit later 91 91
was like Super Nintendo but I'm like 95
I think are we that I don't understand
space or is a young kid I was a young
man basically a kid though but not quite
not a child right
you dink
let me wanna one says love you guys been
a huge fan for years he played my game
it crashed I was sad what games did we
play which game was that you might not
want to say because it crash remember
when we tried to play
I was the zombie one this is not be
survival 100 Project Zomboid yeah I know
what are the devs was sad that we we had
issues with it cuz they've just done
some big update
let me husband how's Project Zomboid
doing is that is that done if that was
you say to this okay Project Zomboid
holy shit you played dead space because
of that oh wow is that that stream right
about that stream obviously
whoa getting out of here
eternal early excess but we're getting
there right good mark eternal earlier I
think it sounds interesting I'll tell
you what when it's done
here's your incentive what it's done
yeah absolutely
email us prereq at red letter media
dot-com get on that shit
absolutely but in you know early access
just doesn't mean anything anymore
fucking fucking battlegrounds this
bothers you far more than a bother is is
the number is the number one there has
been the number one played game they
just had they just had a tournament rich
they just had a battleground tournament
where prize money was given out and it's
still an early access
dude tens of thousands of people enjoy
playing at the condition it's absolutely
Neverland who gives a fuck if it's got a
label on it that says early access
because now the label early access
doesn't mean anything anymore it's
craziness whatever crazy town all right
the label means nothing all right
I'm okay so the label means nothing so
the label means nothing anymore this
bothers me why because we're not we're
no longer know and like I like I said I
understand why it's important to devs
like getting that financial boon pay to
beta test this game here's the thing
though if you're an indie dev that's
invaluable they need that yes super
important are there gonna be some like
hacks out there more you know jerks and
don't you know put any effort into it
and slap it together and just want to
get your money out but them's the risks
you take as an adult making purchases
yeah
beta testing should be free and you've
run out of funds you can't afford to
complete your game and it never gets me
yeah that's your other option is just
yeah I guess the game won't get made it
says early access if you're too dumb to
realize what that means of them you know
buyer beware I don't I don't have much
for Moore's for you
maybe a spark and silver and you know do
a little bit of research look at that
look at the track record of like the
person who's made they've got like
they've done something shady shit like
this before then just think the the devs
yeah yeah by the where like let me
correct me if I'm wrong but Project
Zomboid that dev team is just like like
you would water to other people maybe
can you afford beta testing
shit they're coming reinforcements no I
and like I said I completely understand
the the benefit of of early access but
yeah I think it's it's creating a world
where a lot of people there's gonna be a
lot of scammers who's gonna be a lot of
I'll take that over the only games that
could made our call of duty because
that's popular and the triple-a city is
just want to make money sure sure yeah I
can see that
rich you ever play any Double Fine games
I'm one of the few people that that
likes brutal legend but I do feel like
it's missing a last act huh yeah you
talk about brutal legend a lot every
time I see you you every every single
time every single time I see you you
find a new excuse to bring up Ruta
legend
when when did you what when did you stop
believing in Santa Claus oh there's no
way I can remember that I gave it lip
service for a long time I thought a
mammogram but they're happy that I
believe sure sure
well I don't remember specifically when
was it yeah yeah yeah Santa Claus sure
yeah yeah yeah he's gonna you know you
don't want those right you don't want
those presents to stop you know yeah oh
Santa Claus right why don't I give my
list to you grandma we don't need to
mail it to Santa Claus anymore you can
get it to him right so I don't remember
when I stopped waving but I'd probably
said I believed far longer than I
actually believed sure
gobbledygook says jack jack
do you like community taking 21 units at
the JC this fall including beginning
guitar assembly game programming human
sexuality an introduction to commercial
art and keeping up with prereq nice you
know I watched a little bit of the first
season of community and decided that I
very much did not care for it I have
heard from multiple people that it's
just one of those games that gets good
at like season one it doesn't it doesn't
hit its mark you know like no once once
you get to the later seasons then like
once Dan Harmon gets to do his own thing
it gets so good but I like I never cared
to get there and also I hear like it has
a lot of up and downs you know like Oh
Dan Harmon got fired for a season yeah
so that's really crappy season but then
it came back and it's a really good
season so I never got into it I never
got into it I I have seen things from it
that I believe I would like but and I've
just never got around to it
before but let's deal with your kids in
Santa Claus you know at first I was on
the boat of not telling them about Santa
Claus yeah I told I told my wife I was
like let's not do Santa Claus it isn't
all strange that you know you're not a
religious person right and you have not
taught your kids about God or cheese
well no no I've taught them about God in
Jesus I've told I've taught them that
they're fictional right wouldn't it be
like usually hypocritical then like but
there's this fat man who lives in the
South Pole and he's immortal and he
brings presents to all the children
literally all Santa is is Jesus light
like you you know that you have to be
well-behaved and you can get the reward
instead of heaven you get presents
absolutely and that's that's what was my
feeling I was like let's not do Santa
let's just call
this you know a Christmas international
gift-giving day and let's just make it
about like buying gifts for other people
you know like all the same messaging
just without the branding of Christmas
that's what that's what I said at first
and my wife talked me out of it
mostly because every other kid they know
would be doing something like that would
be doing Christmas with Santa Claus and
then you don't want to have like the one
weirdo kid who's like Santa Claus
that's fake then you got the one kid in
school who's like an outcast because
they're not into Santa Claus
yeah yeah which is a very compelling
argument to me right I don't I don't
want to make my kids the weird one any
more than they already are can you make
an argument that the weird ones for not
believing in Jesus because I guarantee
you 90% of the 95 98 percent of those
kids in school or taught about Jesus and
believe in Jesus so your kids are the
one out there yeah but they don't go to
a religious school okay and really it
just does not come up that often like
yeah I I think your numbers might be a
little off there kids probably don't sit
around talking about Jesus right of
course of course of course so Santa
Claus big news and so like I got talked
down from that though and but I the way
I've played it and the way I've totally
so I'm gonna play I was like if they ask
me I'm not gonna confirm that he's real
like like last year they asked like I
got asked point-blank yeah he's Santa
Claus real and I said what do you think
the Neil deGrasse Tyson approach exactly
I kind of like you know what I like that
what do you what do you think and then
any and then he was like well you know I
don't think the guy at the mall is
really Santa and I was like all right
why is that and he's like yeah because
they're like everywhere they're at like
every mall and I was like yeah ok and
he's like so I think that those are just
helpers but there's probably a Santa I
mean we get presents and I was like why
do you why do you turn into a critical
thinking exercising how would you prove
whether or not there's
oh I like that like if you're if your
kid wants to set up like a camera by the
Christmas tree on Christmas Eve why
don't you just let them do it
now you're talking rich now you're
talking
I like it yeah and I think eventually
yeah then they get you know you know
heartbroken when they found out find out
Santa Claus isn't real but it was also a
fun game well no I'm not like like I
said I think I've hopefully I've done my
job teaching them to be critical
thinkers enough where when it comes time
for them to find out that Santa Claus
isn't real they'll be like oh okay yeah
but like yeah we just did that cuz it's
fun you know it was a fun thing to do
you know so hopefully they'll understand
hopefully they won't feel any sort of
you know hostility towards me
is it necessary to mention God at all to
kids instead of outright telling them
that he's real or fake because they're
gonna hear from someone else that he is
real yeah yeah you know the first the
first time that that I had mentioned God
to to Parker my oldest was when he saw a
billboard yeah and the billboard said
you know do you believe in God
will you go to heaven or it was way it
was like a Christian billboard and he
was just like who's God and I was like
oh right so yeah like they're just gonna
they're gonna hear about it yeah
and so yeah for me it was it was a
reaction to him but it's okay for
Christian parents to teach their kids
Christian values I think it's okay for a
non-believer to teach their kids that no
this some of the stuff isn't real
absolutely abso-freakin'-lutely rich if
no parents anywhere ever said anything
to their kids about God
uh-huh and just well we'll let the kids
decide every one would be an atheist
within two generations I kind of agree
with you
well no not everyone rich there's
there's some people out there you know
there's just some people out there
they've just you know nobody could do it
or wouldn't you know you can ensure that
ya can't teach your kids of our God what
happens you know we don't say anything
love the kids kids will find out on
their own let them investigate it
no you know I don't disagree with you
no I think they would make New Gods rich
you know what that would be pretty
industrious oh we have the ability to
explain a lot of the previously
mysterious things in the universe right
there's there's less need of how do I
explain this and I God it is that all
the time right when when when you know
someone you know gets gets gets analyst
and dies it's not well I guess the
forces just decided us know it was like
well they they had this disease they had
cancer they have this they had that we
know we know things now right we know
why the Sun Goes Down at night yeah we
no longer need to pray to the Sun gonna
know why the tides come in go out right
I'm with you I'm with you and yeah you
know like I've gotten some some harsh
criticisms mostly from you know my
parents who are religious about my
dealings with my children and religion
but you know you got a you got a do you
I made some parenting calls and I stick
by them I stick by
would win in a fight rich Evans or God
it's kind of me by default because God
would not show up at the appointed place
of time damn damn rich Evans bringing it
shit gotta get out of here now
Tim Mick seein 1:20 says hey Jack and
Rich your favorite troll here don't let
those haters get you down the ones of us
that helps love you very much that count
also what are your most anticipated
games thanks guys let's play more at
this point is just did I got so much old
ship to catch up on to be worrying about
what's what's new over the horizon
honestly yeah that's I am NOT looking
forward to anything I just I I'm I'm
right now going through old games just
because just to feel something again
like I played rocket League and man
rocket league is great I played rocket
League today and felt great about it
there's so much crap there's so much
grinding of crap I mean that in a
positive sense there's so much crap out
there and I love it
yeah Mario Odyssey looks fun why does he
looks like it would be fun nunim says
I'm watching the stream on my new 4k TV
and it looks great
boom or maybe you guys just spent the
last week at a tanning salon I'm a
little tan huh it's fine it's fine for
now it's fine for now it's really fine
for now Jack I don't know gobbledygook
says give destiny to on the PC a try
rich I mean why the fuck not you trendy
game hating fuck or my trendy game just
not being interested in can't it just be
not interested and as opposed to hating
and what's the deal what Mario playing
XCOM with rabbits play that dick and bio
bio mutant talk oh my god yeah so you
can tell him that tankers look how white
my leg is I've just been outside a lot
so alright umm I'm fine with the Mario
Rabbids game what's that coming up I
don't know no it's coming out this week
week this week we had to look into that
because because we're gonna do that
probably don't go bald rich it's out of
my hands
yeah you don't you do you think we get
to choose because we don't man whoa we
don't get to choose
yeah
I feel like both a/c atheists are just
agnostics I just yeah yes well what's
the no there's there's a bit of a
difference in that and I but there is
some crossover this is a matter of just
how you define words but right basically
yes most atheists are of the position I
don't know but but since there's no
clear evidence of a God there's no
reason just to believe in one just
because until you see a reason to
believe right like I said that doesn't
that doesn't mean that the existence of
a God is absolutely impossible right
that would be dishonest like I said
there's some crossover but yeah they're
they're different ish different ish
I can who's the lock Anatomy what would
be a good reason for rich to believe I
have no idea I would know it when I saw
it
haha yeah that's a that's a tricky
question right there who did who didn't
oh here you are
yeah you're come here why is the chat
obsessed with religion it's just the
thing they want to talk about right now
is the Chad people people take religion
pretty seriously
I suppose that's true that's what they
want to talk about at the moment we'll
talk about it with them it's fine it's
fine you know what it's fine
no I do not believe in ghosts in this
age of Photoshop I'm not sure you could
get me to believe in ghosts
I mean I have to be honest if I if I
thought like a ghost flew through the
wall and started talking to me yeah I
would be more inclined to believe I were
having some kind of mental breakdown
sure that I was actually talking to a
spirit my reaction would be oh great now
I need to go to the emergency room I'm
having some pretty intensive loosin
ations here because that's far more
likely thing right oh great I need to go
to the emergency room
do I believe in aliens extraterrestrials
III think it's highly likely that there
is life out there elsewhere in the
universe there's just too many fucking
planets uh-huh I do not necessarily
believe that we have been visited by
them though there you go
there you go nice rich nice
like like movies that have aliens like
invading to steal resources yeah these
things are plentiful in the universe
they don't they don't need to go down to
a planet that's got some primitives on
it and blow them all up and take their
shit they could just they could mined
the asteroid field right and you know or
get some water out by Pluto and it would
be far easier you wouldn't even have to
like land on a planet and you know we
have to worry about gravity and lifting
off and or an atmosphere that might not
that might not support your particular
species use mine from the asteroid
that's just fucking sitting there and
it's loaded with gold and all the shit's
got all the shit right look at all of
this fucking water on this comet you
know and there's no microbes floating
around in this shit so you have to worry
about contamination by some bizarre
alien disease just take it directly off
of this fucking comet
oil we put this big fucking solar panel
in front of the Sun yeah solar panel in
space which is I don't know a ridiculous
amount of times more efficient than a
solar panel on the earth but they don't
have to worry about tilting it to face
the Sun and clouds and it's dark half
the time yeah I can't imagine too many
spaceships run on oil you park some
fucking solar panels around the Sun
there you go
I'm not gonna consider myself an expert
on this but yes that's that's what a
Dyson Sphere is the theoretical Dyson
Sphere is it's basically a giant solar
panel built around a star that's what a
Dyson Sphere is so there's there's no
good reason for an alien to come here
pretty much except for you know to be
the villain in a movie right
aliens show up just to watch our shitty
old movies they don't need to weigh em
to do that right they can watch all of
our TV shows all of our movies all they
want from the atmosphere without having
to deal with us dickheads
the only the only the only reason an
alien would have the land and earth and
we just harass some kind of hick just
find some redneck shove something up his
butt and then just drop a bag off on
earth and and laughs just for fun just
for fun he's gonna go display this to
his friends you're gonna think he's
crazy we're gonna we're gonna tell him
it's for medical reasons oh yeah what
hello what do you got
see a trattoria it's just sticking up
his blackness yes
crazy right recent alien would have to
visit the earth stay you're right up his
butt it's gonna be crazy man you don't
even know yes what rich is saying is
that predator is the most realistic
fictional alien no and alien and these I
think the xenomorph is pretty believable
animal being an animal yeah
really interested in this Cartoon
Network question that you asked it over
and over you guys have her fans of
anything uncut to network I lose track
of what cartoon came from what channel
to tell you the honest truth oh sure
Hummer get me do you consider Adult Swim
part of the Cartoon Network
well I suppose yeah technically because
if that's the case there's a ton of them
Metalocalypse Rick and Morty the Venture
Brothers
oh sure I'll I mean you know Tim and
Eric
there's Selma there's so much fun stuff
that came out of Cartoon Network if
we're gonna include adults one which I
think we should and I think adults one
should be included but if you if you
don't I honestly don't remember what
cart term came from what this point I
don't I haven't I haven't had cable in
ages all everything everything I watch
TV show wise i watch it online and I
don't pay attention to cut to network
presents or whoever whoever did what
it's I don't whatever oh sure sure Oh
have you Micro missiles whoa look at
that guy
it's the most supernatural experience
you have had in your life the most
supernatural we got Jack the most
supernatural we we moved around a lot
when I was a kid because my mom was was
a house flipper
yeah for a long time and so what she
would do is buy a house and then to save
money all of us would live in it and
anytime we weren't in school we would
all do the repairs yeah and and then as
soon as it was you know beautiful and
livable we would go move into another
garbage house yeah but there was one
house in particular it was a very old
house like it had it had like the the
front pillars off of the front door was
on a Main Street it looked like an old
plantation house you know very old very
cool and it had a lot of noises and
often times we would wake up and all the
cabinets would be open and this isn't
this is a real thing I don't believe in
ghosts yeah but all of the cabinets were
open and the candy pantry door and so
that like we just attributed it to like
a drafty house and tilted a lot but I
want to say for like a month straight
every morning we would wake up every
single cabinet would be open in the
kitchen kind of weird unexplained not
ghosts it was an old drafty house that
I'm sure tilted a lot but very weird
don't you think
it's also very likely that it was one of
my older siblings waking up in the
middle of the night doing that on
purpose just to fuck with me absolutely
I'm sure when I was a kid there was
something or other like a door that
creaked open was the wind blew and I
convinced myself it was a ghost like
probably but
note that I can remember so not not
really okay the closest I have to
anything like this and this this might
tell you a lot about me when I was
fairly young I remember looking up in
the sky and I saw what looked like a
metallic ball just floating hovering in
the sky and this will tell you something
about me I thought process was up we
need it that was a UFO it's probably a
weather balloon or maybe a hot air
balloon that sounds exactly like you
that sounds really neat if that were in
Louisville that'd be cool it's probably
not
oh I get it
oh I get it
it's a UFO if you don't know what that I
know it's you don't know if I feel yeah
we got we all get it people kind of at
this point when they hear UFO they thank
flying saucer men little men from oh
that's what they write that's how I used
it I'm sorry yes technically it was
still UFO how by the clinical definition
first of all very anal of how dare you
how dare you use UFO in a universally
recognized manner to describe an alien
spacecraft
Simon mousetrap says I don't know how
old I was but I remember what had
happened we had homemade cookies and mom
wanted to save them for guests
so she said Santa wouldn't mind crackers
and water oh really
yeah that's good that's kind of mean
come on mom
come on mom leave the cookies out for
Santa and then when the kids go to bed
put them away and then when you give
them your guests the next day said I
made more right right get your shit
together well you just come clean that
there's no Santa Claus and then it's not
healthy to believe in this crazy shit
crunky says thanks jack for doing the
golurk yourself podcast hey crunky let's
get rich on next time question mark I
don't know anything about this I did a
podcast yeah I did it I did a podcast
and and it was a fun time
we had a great time actually we played a
little pub G beforehand and you know I
just talked about general stuff about
streaming and whatnot actually during
the crunky podcast I came I came to the
realization of why it is that I I was
having a hard time recommending pub G
even though I myself enjoyed it yeah and
I think that part of the reason why is
because it is a good streaming game and
so for me part of the reason why I like
it is because I think that my audience
likes it you know yeah she will enjoy
the entertaining others aspect of the
game and that's where I get a lot of my
enjoyment from it and I don't think the
average person will get that enjoyment
oh this gun sucks sure wants to know if
that's how my parents handled Santa
Claus with me no no no not at all
actually when it comes to God religion
or whatnot my family believers their
believers
I I had a three-day long argument with
my mother and my grandmother over
getting my confirmation in the Catholic
Church oh it was a three-day long
argument I absolutely did not want to do
it right tried putting my foot down
but it got to the point where I
literally thought my grandmother was
going to have a heart attack if I didn't
go through sure sure so I had to I had
fucking lie in front of a whole church
people and an act that you know what's
the point of having a confirmation if
it's all bullshit yeah and I was I was
forced to be a fucking lying hypocrite
I'm sorry because I thought my
grandmother was literally going to have
a heart attack and die if you weren't
confirming yeah
yeah yeah that's right and you know I
think and I've had a lot of discussions
with people and that's why a lot of
people who I know who are in practice
atheists still get their kids baptized
or you know go to church every once in a
while is because their parents or
grandparents or you know whoever is
still alive here's here's here's the
weirdest thing yeah like I remember one
of the things that came up during this
argument like I I do not think my
grandmother can even comprehend that I
didn't believe at all uh-huh she was
like just kids just go through with it
and afterwards she could be whatever
religion you want right so even if she
was arguing for the confirmation she
understood that the confirmation itself
is still gonna be bullshit but she
wanted oh that's that's really funny
it's like maybe grandma that's not how
confirmation works there's a part in
confirmation where they say I have to be
a good Christian and teach Christian
ideals that's not that's literally the
whole thing grandma that's great that's
great
a pet
I'll and here no I can we have a ground
bass - nice nice I just don't get
involved in religious conversations with
my family yeah you know that's that's a
good way to do it - if you don't if you
don't want to push buttons that's that's
a bit you know I'm not gonna say
anything as long as you don't say
anything then everybody's gonna be happy
still never talked to my sister about it
but she seems to be mellowing out as an
adult she was very mad if she was shot
like I thought that having her on the
stream was possibly the dumbest idea
you've ever had because I knew she was a
Mormon
yeah and she was a shockingly chill and
by the way like I think I've said this
before a really great performer she was
on it she was on top of it she has
changed a lot from when just some
several years ago she was in high school
yeah that's great like I don't even know
that she would freak out now and that's
that takes all the fun out of it you
know yeah come on you gotta freak out a
little bit I haven't like avoided
telling her because because I try it cuz
I'm not trying to make a scene or
anything it's just I don't go around
like anti proselytizing it's not a big
deal to me I just don't believe oh it's
just never come up and tie proselytizing
yeah I like it I'm liking your verbage
no man this is all bullshit I've never
done that just walk right up to it just
be like God's not real also happy
birthday it's literally just never come
up right
that's right Ridge tell those Muslims
their religion is bullshit well it is
they're all bullshit every one of them
yeah
it's a good thing there's no video proof
of which is C I'm not hiding it either
it's just it's literally just never come
up I've never liked just for ever to be
an asshole wanted to go up to my sister
and just be like you know your religion
to a bullshit right also thanks for
helping me move my mother my
grandmother's cuz they wanted me oh this
confirmation I didn't I did not want to
stand in front of a large group of
people yeah and be a huge fucking
hypocritical liar
absolutely I just wanted nothing to do
with it no you know I've had people who
have asked me to to be godparents yeah
like from in their church and they're
just like listen I know I know this
isn't your thing but you know you just
go and you say that you're gonna teach
them the thing and then you know then
you get to be the godparent and I have
flat-out refused them because I was like
I'm not gonna go up there and lie I'm
sorry because I'm not I'm not gonna go
up there in lyin
that would be that would be disingenuous
I feel how did my sister become a Mormon
when I come from a Catholic family come
from a partially yes my sister has a
different mother than me and her mother
wasn't a Mormon either just that's
that's just the route you took yeah
interesting
do do do you think Batman is an atheist
yes Batman is totally an atheist whose
hopes and dreams were crushed when he
was young and very likely you know
Batman Batman the skeptical detective
it's very like very likely very likely I
think spider-man's a believer but
probably nondenominational probably more
of just a deist I like it would be so
for anyone involved in those universes
how like how could you be like you've
met you know once you meet Thor right
it's like how can you how can you
believe in anything anymore remember
do you remember Marvel 2099 that line of
books I never read it no you never read
those books yeah yeah Thor's of religion
in the future there are Thoris I believe
in Thor but yeah they actually saw Thor
there are forests for worshippers no in
the Marvel 2099 line of stars and it
makes perfect sense yeah
forests I love it I love it
I think forests nowadays like still
people that believe in so we come on
yeah and I worked with one I couldn't he
was passing my sarcasm detection he
seemed serious about it it's crazy
yep that's grimy yep you know whatever
you know yeah it is what it is but all
right Captain America Captain America
what do you think oh of course he's
Catholic based off of the neighborhood
he grew up in in New Jersey like that
right old school Catholic boy
I think I'm of two schools of five think
he's talks about confession before which
is a Catholic thing right as as the
embodiment of 1940s America yeah I I
would imagine that he was just a
Protestant
that's only Mueller I sure another part
of me though as a world war ii figure
who fought nazis wants to believe he was
jewish because all the more appropriate
that a jewish superhero was a punching
hitler in the face
I can't imagine there's any solid
argument for him being Jewish craters
were both Jewish I want to say he's
Tommy and and Simon I want to say he's
talked about going to confession as
originally written not love that Latin
modern Marvel continuity okay as
originally originally written I mean I
agree that yes that would be that would
be wonderful schadenfreude out it's just
too appropriate yes probably probably in
Marvel's current Canon a a Protestant
but it's so poetic if he's Jewish
agreed I agree
that's right in the in the Avengers if
you remember he has a line in the
Avengers where where Cobie Smulders is
trying to talk him out of fighting
Thorin and she go he goes she says Steve
you can't fight him he's basically a god
and he goes there's only one god ma'am
and I don't think he dresses like that
so check and see spider-man being a
lapsed Catholic but the whole guilt
thing yeah yeah that would make a fair
amount of make that would make a
shocking amount of daredevil full-on
Catholic I see lapsed Catholic yeah yeah
I like it kind of believes in a higher
power but his background is definitely
that's right the new tick has as a
Christian soldier that's great
new tick is fun by the way it's very
different I'm not through with it yet
it's very different than cartoon tick
and very different from old sitcom II
tick but it's good Peter Serafinowicz
does a really good job is tick and this
time they're focusing more of the story
on Arthur you know instead of just being
like superhero fun it's all about the
real person Arthur who you know is
dealing with some issues and runs into
tick and it's good it's fun it's really
fun I got to start watching I didn't
know it was out until I saw you watching
it last night when I went over to your
place with Karen that's right that's
right for game that well and we we made
the mistake we watched the first episode
with the kids yeah a lot of cussin and a
lot of violence that's fine I got I got
the Robocop as a kid I just loved it Oh
eggs no and the boys loved it too
because it's funny and you know they
think the superheroes are funny but like
there's blood and there's cussin and so
but it's like eh I guess this is what
we're watching
let's try this guy wait I'm on the chat
saying they see spider-man as being a
lapsed Jew well here's the thing though
spider-man's got this whole guilt thing
right guilt about letting Uncle Ben die
guilt about Gwen's days guilt guilt
guilt guilt guilt a lot of guilt on them
and that goes hand-in-hand with
Catholicism Gil Gil Gil Gil Gil
confession guilt confession your dirty
guilt it fits
you're dirty you're guilty you must be
punished for not being guilty enough
absolutely absolutely
like I would I would advocate say I'm
I'm putting thought behind I would
advocate a Jewish Captain America just
just for the poetic nature of it right
the Superman believed in God Superman's
from a different planet yeah but he was
raised by a kindly rural farming couple
he probably does mom and apple pie
Superman totally believes in a higher
power the question is what No
yes yes yes there's no way always always
as soon as soon as Superman you know it
takes it takes his first you know Bible
study class back in Kansas and they talk
about God and you know creating man and
whatnot
Superman's Superman in his head is just
gonna go well that's not true cuz I'm
from a whole different planet no no he's
he's good because he's good he could be
good because he's good that's fine but
that doesn't mean he doesn't also
believe in a higher power and just
because of his background raised in rule
of middle America mm-hmm he's totally a
believer in something I don't think so
what I don't think so he goes because
there's no there's no there's no way
anything would drive with him because of
his background he's a farm boy notice
what I'm another planet
if okay how about this if there's a
religion that makes a case from aliens
you've been raised on the other planet
no okay but he knows he's from another
pleasure to find out that's see that's
different guys okay you have different
cannons yes
so in some cannons he knows from the
start that he's from another planet no
Superman another character you know
created by Jewish creators yes there's a
lot of like I don't remember what they
all are there's a lot of Moses parallels
when Superman putting putting the last
son adrift the last son adrift yeah
saving the chosen people sure sure I
could see that
wait how do I do that raised by this
other culture but it's his true heritage
is something else yeah all right that
makes sense that makes perfect sense
rich
how about the Joker Joker what religion
is the Joker he's a Scientologist just
cuz he thinks it's funny I don't know
he's a he's a he's a he's a hooter right
well Joker believe in just a god and
that he created the universe as a joke
haha believes oh I like it I like it
wasted those what
a lot of people saying it entered kisum
like it's a religion yeah yeah that
would be stupid
yep
whoa shit that's a great missile alright
I think that led to some interesting
discussion yeah I'm okay with that I'm
okay with all that woman totally
believes in Zeus 100% she believes in
Zeus I mean she kind of has through yeah
that's it you know that's another one of
those things where you're just like
because of her circumstances that's the
only thing she can believe I think it
wasn't that something you said right
after Wonder Woman is isn't it great
that the DC Cinematic Universe confirmed
that there's no god which is just very
funny at least there's no Catholic or
Christian guy exactly it's only Zeus
yeah it's only Zeus it's all we got
all right I don't if I read this one I'm
gonna reread it reread it one possibly
read it for the first time I don't
really remember got me access speaking
of Santa UFOs astral projections mental
telepathy ESP clairvoyance spirit
photography telekinetic movement full
trance mediums the Loch Ness monster and
the theory of Atlantis okay Wow Buster's
Winston's interview do you believe in
believe anything you want for a page
source absolutely Winston the heart of
that movie
good old Winston agonize candles says I
watched Jacob's Ladder when I was only
11 ever since then I've been terrified
of the bottom going to hell even though
I've never been religious rich what do
you think of Pascal's wager well if you
didn't believe you don't believe lying
about it I don't think it's going to
change anything
what's Pascal's wager if you you should
believe in God because okay if you don't
believe in God
okay and you're right then there's just
nothing if you don't believe in God and
you're wrong
yeah it'll burn in hell for eternity so
it makes sense to believe in God just in
case there is one Oh
switch my responses that's not actual
belief and if there were an actual God I
think he would know the difference you'd
probably see through that really well
that that's lip-service you didn't
actually believe right yeah there's
actually a lot more to like getting into
heaven than just saying I believe in God
like there's other shit you got to do
you can't force yourself to believe in
something right and and it's it's about
more than just saying you believe in
something like it's there's there's
steps you gotta take if you're uh if you
believe in that kind of stuff anonymous
jerk bag in the chat saying it
if there is a God would he be that much
of a prick different
it's a fuck you for not believing in him
read a chick tract that's that's like
every chick tract that's that's his
whole deal man
chick tracts are a little Christian
comics yeah made by a guy called Jack T
chick to convert people he's so well
he's dead now but I think they still
make them which is not him anymore oh
and people would buy these little tiny
Christian comic pamphlets and they're
always stories about somebody burning at
home because they didn't believe or
something along those lines right and
you buy them and you like leave them in
gas stations or you hand them out as
Halloween treats yeah it's supposed to
convert non-believers yeah that's the
that's really the whole deal
yes that's that's that's what a lot of
people believe though that God would be
that much of a jerk yeah yeah yeah I
mean that's that's his deal man that's
this whole deal
Oh the more I play this game the more
that I could play this game all fucking
day by the way and I haven't even gotten
to the roguelike elements of it yet I've
just been like flying around doing the
bullshit missions and I love it I could
be I could be getting the details wrong
but there's a chick tract okay they
stopped making it about child
molestation where there was child
molester and I forgot what happened I
think the child died because the child
died not believing this molested child
burns in hell but the molester later on
in jail finds Christ and gets to go to
heaven chick tracts are just ugly and
they're what people actually believe
that's the problem yeah there's there's
a lot of problems geez rich don't look
at me I ain't write this shit shit right
you need a new load album these missiles
are awesome these missiles work this one
I'm not too happy with
I can't have that vara r-77 says hey you
guys yep nothing to say your requests
just registering my continued approval
of your entertaining the masses keep it
up thank you we do what we can we do
what we can man need to figure out what
Pascal's wager doesn't tell you which
God to believe well that's another thing
yeah it's like okay makes sense to
believe then which one do you believe in
cuz only one of them's right yeah how
many can you do it at how many can how
many can you do it one time and get your
bases covered like there's a lot of
Christianity all right I guess the same
guy you know like Lutheranism Chris
Christian Catholicism like yeah that's
all basically the same guy right but
then but you believed in Jesus it was
really Muhammad that you had to write
and so then like can you ride that line
to be like well maybe Jesus and Muhammad
hung out I don't know you know there are
friends Jesus is a prophet could we uh
maybe we could find a white line that I
could I think that's a moot point
because that's making yourself believe
because if you're wrong it's still not
actual belief it's a moot point agreed
you know on rich that's the that's the
real thing
in stick to reference do we can I don't
know what that means game child you
cases thoughts and prayers to those
affected by the hurricane absolutely uh
man have you been seen the pictures of
the flooding yeah cool man they are
getting pummeled it's a heart oh yeah
they're getting they're getting wrecked
absolutely you know and speaking of the
director of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
yeah passed away yeah and people are
they're doing a thing where they're
letting you donate in his name to the
Red Cross and and donating it in his
name to the Red Cross goes to relief
that's for for hurricane victims so yeah
they're they're making some good out of
it um give Chad you can't also went on
this a rich great review of blind fury
well give it a watch ever see Rutger
Hauer in hobo with a shotgun good be
film going to stream XCOM to expansion
up front probably sooner or later I'm
not gonna rush I know where it is well I
think nothing either I solved the
expansion seemed like like must-play
material to me it's not to say I won't
eventually play it
nice hike as I was for like enemy within
oh yeah yeah mech suits that's pretty
awesome everybody loves a Mexican mech
suits this whole thing with different
fractions I mean it could end up being a
clusterfuck I don't really know or it
could be great yeah it could be great
start Eve alley playthrough no oh but
you know what I'll be honest with you
you know I wasn't the biggest fan of
stardew valley yeah but now that I know
that you apparently I'm one of the
updates they added coffee beans and now
that I know that like I could just have
a coffee bean farm I kind of want to
pick it up and just do it a straight up
like I'm gonna make the biggest most
badass coffee bean farm you've ever seen
I don't know easy they are to get your
one right it would be worth it okay it'd
be worth it just to have a badass coffee
bean like I got mine early because that
travelin shopkeeper who shows up twice a
week was selling them once earlier than
I should have
gotcha
rich fucking love this game
I'm sure it's Brad what do you want that
well I guess what I'm saying is if you
want to play it let me know or else I'm
just gonna keep playing it I will let
you know what I am already considering a
love of blind fury any interest in
Sandy's set to Ichi film series yes
somebody somebody sent us one once I
forgot why for the damn tape
oh it's mixed in on these shelves
somewhere probably oh no you're never
gonna find it I know I know but yes I am
I think I saw one of those that to ichi
movies a while ago i thought rich didn't
like games that don't have gameplay
alright what the fuck are you referring
to does this look like one long cutscene
that asked you to hit x every now and
then are you actually flying around and
shooting at things are you talking about
something else that we talked about like
80 minutes ago oh they talk about
stardew valley
oh yeah starter Valley's all gameplay
what are you talking about it's I think
it's a little boring tedious gameplay
but that's all gameplay that's all
starter valley is it's a farm simulator
then what do you want
come here you what planting crops and
watering crops and structuring your I
might not be the kind of game play that
you like yeah
but nonetheless I say this game play oh
it's a hundred percent game play I just
want about one more building one more
building the stardew valley have a
failed state no but did I did I say that
a game needs a failed state ah that
might have been me actually that might
have been you okay that might have been
me who's talking about fail States no
but starting values a different started
values different beast man I could see
myself bringing something like that up
and just how pointless some of those you
know hit X during the cutscene when the
cutscene just pauses and there's there's
no failed state yeah yeah like SimCity
yeah that doesn't have a true fail state
those I guess yeah we really bad you can
fail but you can lose your city yeah
just by the seat of my pants like the
fail state in oh so close
drop one more run now or should I take
over no you can take over you can take
over um I got a but I'm gonna I'm gonna
buy some new shit can i redo that
tutorial section so i know what does
what maybe okay how about that javelin
that looks great look at that airplane
basically I don't know that I would
compare what are you talking about fail
States yeah yeah but I don't know that I
would press star to valley to the
cutscene in the order 1886 where you
just sit there forever if you don't hit
the X button when the guys trying to
drown you I don't know that's quite
comparable yeah like you know obviously
like a game not having a fail state the
the the problem with a game like the
order 1886 was you expect there to be a
fail state because it's a shooter and so
like your failure is you done right with
stardew valley there's no expectation of
a failed state so let's see if we can
get you back to the
I mean from a star to Valley the point
is this zen-like building farm thing
right turning this patch of nothing into
a functioning vibrant thing and building
the run this is this is raisin
meditative relaxing just all right I
can't um you can't redo the tutorial all
right but it's pretty simple won't see
it once you get it so right triggers go
okay left triggers slow down if you slow
down too much you fall
yeah like the default plane how do I
change planes hit back no that's just
skin yeah I get back there you go
now if you can change nope oh yeah so
that's the default one this is the start
one that's the start one yep
and to find and delete the save file for
this so I can see it from the beginning
yep I just made it purple because I
thought purple cool but I just want
different colors you probably change
that to some sort of missile yeah so it
tells you like like a lot of these are
autocannon okay well that yeah that so
that's just another gun autocannon
actually no you don't want auto cam it's
really I don't quite understand it it's
almost like a missile but you fire a
bullet and so it's like a missile that's
harder to aim
you probably want just like an unguided
missile are like a micro each of the
guided ones
well so it's the ones that say
fire-and-forget
are the guided ones so that's unguided
but it's too heavy
let's bomb that's yeah yeah like see if
it you can get like an air-to-ground and
and you might need to remove some stuff
I kind of want them the default stuff oh
sure well not if you want I'll just give
you the defaults up like that's a
default one that's default one micro
missiles is default and this is I think
this is the default yeah okay how do you
change the weapons with d-pad with the
d-pad yep okay how do you use the
special B so if missiles are incoming
you can hit be to launch flares how do
you slow down left trigger how do you
fire x-x-x to fire a to change lock-on
okay okay and that's basically it love
to redo the tutorial shame you'll get it
you'll get it in no time
all right so mission pops up some point
well options menu to change the what you
do
sir are you just in free flight is that
yeah okay so yeah yeah oh that's right I
said it today I did that yeah so so you
know right now if you see your weapons
so yeah
you see how you change him yep and then
everything has a little like cooldown
period
oh yeah that's right he pressed down on
the stick and in a direction to barrel
roll you got it man
aren't you on free yeah he's on he's
he's just practicing
I forgot I said for that before he's
doing a mission which is that's good
that's a good thing I want to change the
control style now let me there's no
option menu in a pause by the way you
have to go out of the thing completely
oh so yeah if you hit pause that's not a
barrel right now his back oh yeah now I
got options there you go rebind controls
might be way I want to rebind I want
okay oh do you want to uninvite the why
I want to take that's a flight simulator
so invert it's fine okay arcade controls
off I think it's what I want okay see
how this works
my parents are Jehovah's Witnesses and
those mofos go to church four times a
week for a while
my family was that Jehovah's Witnesses
oh I do want to invert that I guess
inverted and this is not the norm all
right all right
normally flight controls are normal and
naturally inverted yeah oh yeah you're
doing cooler things you can go sideways
now is that that's that's because I have
our cake controls off oh oh that's what
I want well you turned out our cake
controls I don't know what our cave
controls means that sky rogas discount
afterburner yeah well and we know we
haven't even gotten into like the full
game yet which is its roguelike you know
it's it's you know unlimited like we've
just been playing like the regular
missions but you can go to endless play
and just play over and over and over
again
the pause screen changes the light in
the room yes yes it does how you hit the
lock on you have to be close enough so
like your yeah these missiles have a 500
range there you go and then a to change
which one you're locking on to
nice
fuck yeah whoa oh yeah they see this is
look as if I was hoping for that upside
down fly and that's the fun stuff our
cave controls were screwing me rich
for flight shooters aka shmups you want
a real challenge tribe Pulstar amazing
graphics outstanding music and hard as
balls I don't know if I want hardest
balls I'd like I was just hoping for it
like fly around and shoot shit in a
cool-looking world and I like the art
style of this I like the art style of
this
let's see here Gately oh wait no I think
we talked about that the burden of proof
being placed on atheists that God
doesn't exist
that's not how burden of proof works if
you say something's true the burden of
proof is on you and then you get who's
that guys what's his toaster remember
that you can't you can't prove a
negative
right I don't believe in a god prove it
it's literally a mess literally
impossible oh sure and the the burden of
proof is on the person who makes the
accusation there is a man in the sky who
looks after everything you do claim
perfect no no there's there's a famous
some there's a famous like when you
accidentally came home there's a there's
a famous oh is that his his teapot his
teapot in the asteroid field have you
ever heard of this this guy was like
who's it called Russell's teapot yeah
thank you poke Alex in the eye Russell's
teapot did that yeah on the other side
of the Sun there's there's a teapot and
it's been out there you know for so long
prove me wrong you know so uh anonymous
let's see Russell's teapot thank you
everybody's yeah names are hard to
remember names are hard to remember gay
please as my parents made my siblings
and myself go to church for a few years
I was the only one not to get baptized
then just stop going all together my
family eventually stopped going to I
guess I won you know it's just it's one
of those things where I was um you know
I think I've talked about this before
but yeah just cuz we're talking religion
tonight when my firstborn was born I was
all ready to get him baptized even
though like I hadn't been to church in
years and I was you know like I was an
atheist but I wasn't necessarily like
telling people that I was an atheist yet
you know
and it was actually Lisa who was like
listen we're not gonna go to church if
we're not gonna go to church then isn't
it
disingenuous to get him baptized and I
was like oh yeah you're super right and
I know it's a tough call for people to
make so yeah now you can just go back to
your base or you can blow up more shit
for more for more money points where
worship where anything anything blow up
anything that's not your base there's
stuff on the ground to blow up other
stuff of that thing in the sky you could
have blown up one thing in the sky this
was my base no that wasn't your base
that was a different air base like that
that that thing you can blow up
so yeah your base is the green one
anything that the white arrows are
pointing to you can go and blow up
sometimes submarines show up it's crazy
boom jack and a chance to revisit salt
and sanctuary I know you hate the
artstyle but it's solid gameplay I agree
it's all gay play I picked it back up
when it came out for the Vita and
enjoyed it still I still think it's a
very quality game yeah you have to pay
attention to how close you are to things
or else your missiles won't hit them I
think it's a quality game I still
haven't beat it because yeah the art
style gets old and the gameplay gets a
little repetitive but I think it's a
solid game salt and sanctuary solid
solid game I'm excited for new what I
don't know what the open mike eagle
project is I'm sorry I don't know four
sticks for you and me are the only two
people who own a Vita so and you know
since the switch came out it's been
collecting dust slightly more dust than
my switches collecting at the moment my
Vita so unfortunately it's a I loved my
Vita for it for the for all the years I
had it I thought it was a quality
machine some good games but now now
there's too many other things to play
Evita is greater than the switch at the
moment because it has the games I think
as soon as the switch gets some more
games to its title it will have the
honor of being better than the Vita only
because you can plug it into a TV and
that's what we were promised with the
Vita we were promised start on the Vita
finish on the PlayStation 4 at your
leisure and we never that promise was
never really reached and that's what we
get with the switch really the switch is
the Vita version too as far as I'm
concerned
did you go to any church youth group no
but I went to church I went to church
all the time growing up baptized
Catholic went to Catholic grade schools
so you know not only am I going to
church on Sunday but during the week as
part of schools as part of classes we'd
have to go to church you know so no like
we never did any youth groups or
anything like that but yeah all Katla
like all grade school was Catholic grade
school and we do at church every Sunday
what is good on the Vita there's a lot
of things good on the Vita that also
exists on other things like I said salt
and sanctuary spelunky all of my
spelunky time is on the Vita and it's a
perfect little spelunky machine binding
of issac of course
hotline Miami is great on the Vita Oh
where's your damage huh to your left
there that that's not your fuel that's
your damage Oh
so once you've run out of that red bar
you're dead Vita yeah Vita is really
good toilet gaming system you know the
the only problem with it which is
similar to the switch which is it's hard
to take it any place like it's not like
it's not a system you can just throw in
a backpack like a DS because it has the
open screen so but Vita has a ton of
really great games those games are also
on other things but that's beautiful the
flip yeah you're upside down barrel flip
I just really like the aesthetics of the
game it's really easy to tell you know
where where you are in location
everything because that gradient in the
sky so
you know what you're right usually these
games do have a bit of a radar system
this doesn't I mean it has the arrows
that kind of points you to your enemies
but no radar system interesting let's
see here
tm-2 megatron says hey guys have either
of you two had a chance to watch the new
tic series that went live on Friday and
if so what are your thoughts on it I
talked about that a little bit earlier
Peter Serafinowicz a fantastic tick and
I was really worried because I'm a huge
fan of the tick cartoon and the comics
no no I was just worried about the tone
of the show in general you know I was I
was worried that they were gonna take it
a little too seriously and it's still
very like the way I'm gonna describe it
is like you know how Nolan went for like
dark realism with superheroes Ben Edlund
is going for slacker realism where it's
it's a little more realistic but
everyone's a slacker and that's where a
lot of the comedy comes in is the heroes
and the villains just have normal
conversations even though they have
superpowers I think it's a really good
show so far I'm only I'm only five
episodes in but I think it's really good
so far not not necessarily
laugh-out-loud funny but enjoyable
really enjoyable and I love that they're
spending time on Arthur and his I mean
his story Arthur actually has a story
this time which is great but I'm really
enjoying it

[Part II]
hey guys I want to talk a bit about tobe
Hooper may he rest in peace what's your
favorite film of his we guys do a life
force review if not will you do a review
of one of his other films tobe Hooper
director of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
amongst other things I didn't know that
either it would probably mean Texas
Chainsaw Massacre is an important horror
film I think I think that was no it's
been recently confirmed I know a lot of
people credit him with poltergeist but
hasn't that been recently confirmed that
Spielberg took over yeah a lot has been
confirmed as the rumor I want to say
that recently that has been confirmed
that's always been the rumor that
Spielberg just took over and tobe Hooper
had his name on it but
yeah rich is still learning the game but
it's a fun game and yeah is good but
yeah whether or not we do a review on it
I don't I actually don't know we could
for the we could probably at least
probably Jay and I could to have a
decent conversation about Texas Chainsaw
Massacre because Jay is such a horror
fan and I think it's really important as
an independent film but uh I don't know
we'll see
we will see let's see here roto Tam says
Jack you mentioned Tim and Eric there's
a ten-year anniversary special tonight
at midnight I'm hella pumps I can't
thank you guys enough for the content
wish I could give you more hey we just
appreciate you watching yes
yeah there's an awesome show 10-year
reunion special tonight on Adult Swim
Tim and Eric awesome show
fantastic programming all the time maybe
you should just do the objective and
land I don't know what am I getting out
of extra stuff you just get extra money
and then you you can use that money to
upgrade your weapons and buy new stuff
so it's up to you
you're right now you're still getting
comfortable it took me a few missions
just to kind of get that flow of it I'd
say like finish the mission and then
maybe explore some of the other planes
some of the other weapons see if you
like a combination better so
tim and eric' good no Jake just no I
think Tim and Eric is fantastic I love
it I love the awesome show I think that
you they do they do comedy they do
comedy like not a lot of people do have
you watched a million billion dollar
movie I have watched a billion dollar
movie and it's you know it's it's a
thing I'm not gonna say it's good but
you know it's a thing it's a tim and
eric' thing that's what it is and he's
also eric is also really fantastic on
master of none I just like him as a
comedic actor have you watched all the
billion dollar movie I have watched all
the billion dollar movie it had its moat
it was it felt too much like a like a
bloated episode instead of its own thing
it felt too much like a bloated episode
of the awesome show and not like its own
thing but it had its moments
it had its really realize you're doing
it rich you're doing it all right now
fresh it down that one we ship then the
drone stopped coming right
sometimes reinforcements can come well
I'm assuming they're coming for the one
ship you can shoot down which I'm not
seeing yeah maybe uh some land Tigers
huh
yeah so you can either shoot the boat or
the I think he has a missile launcher on
his boat to you're too far away you only
have a range of 500 on that and you see
it's like 700 600 now
nice whoa was brain candy Andy going I
love the kids in the home yeah I loved
kids in the hall I remember being let
down by brain candy so let's compare and
contrast brain candy two billion dollar
movie brain candy was its own thing and
what I will compare it to is do remember
as it got later in the seasons of kids
in the hall and they started making like
absurdist sketches like to do that well
I'd like to you remember like sausages
like the the sausage short or or the
roadkill short do you remember that one
after a while they made these absurdist
sketches that weren't really sketches
they were like short films that were
just weird kind of for the sake of weird
and I put brain candy more akin to those
guys they were great they were great I
loved kids in the hall and I I think
it's the movie did its own thing which
oh what's that just a different display
don't like no well there Oh different
way to switch your weapons okay
ride the like the beard sketch that was
a great one summer beard
whoa so I think you know brain candy can
be applauded for doing its own thing
it's not necessarily funny as it is
weird but it has its moments it's still
kids in the hall and I still on it I
still love it
well Marie really takes a pounding on
them yeah like there I got some weapons
that are specifically an air-to-ground
weapons that Wilmer delayed him that's
great it's great yeah let's see here
Dylan not Dylan says my most
supernatural experience when I was a kid
my dad had a weight bench one night I
went to talk to him but saw he was
lifting so I left as I turned around he
walks in with groceries the bench was
empty
did it attendant intend to do that's my
best X Files
yeah that's creepy
Jesus nice incoming reinforcements and
coming reinforcements I don't know if I
have any thoughts in Texas Chainsaw
Massacre too because I don't know if I
actually saw it
I'm sure Jay loves a lot of things Jay
loves a lot of things I actually don't
know if I got around to seeing Texas
trains on that script or Hannah I think
we're heading back up we've blown enough
up heading back to base do it oh here we
see you heading back to base Roger Roger
Rabbit
keep your six clear and happy flying
evil lord david says hey guys
David your blaspheming in on Pascal's
wager I read a nice thing be as good a
person as you can any just God would be
satisfied with that and any who aren't
wouldn't be worth your worship that's
just a nothing worth burning in hell for
eternity it's just a nice thing written
patrician God isn't necessarily a nice
God just let the nice thing happen he
said a nice thing we're supposed to go
yeah we're all good people if you're a
good person maybe it'll be nice you
can't you can't just let a good
variation
you can't just the lion will go away
can't just let a good thing hey I am
just going you'd be a good person he's
just saying like wouldn't it be nice if
everyone was nice to each other yes yes
it would be nice if everyone was nice to
each other you launched you didn't
switch your will you anything chimp
great that's fine switch anything no
because you get different weapons and
it's fine it's fine okay great
that's great it's fine you know what
it's fine I'm gonna blow up the ship
yeah you camp up the ship you have to
take out the that's how I'm gonna blow
up that ship jack okay great
fine that's right Mauri Mauri afforded
to imagine all the people
keep our you in first place keep
thinking right trigger yeah oh cool
I keep thinking right trigger will fire
my weapons ah
you figured a wrong man
you figured wrong how did you get in the
first person mode I hit the select
button in the back button I'm wearing on
the fucking I want to call up in this
controller no cool oh nice one Jack
missed that Beatles reference no I got
the John Lennon reference cuz it was a
reference to the John Lennon song
imagine which is not a Beatle song
where's the raw cockpit what bush there
were like an actual cockfight oh yeah
that make it seem that would look nice
in a little control panel you know that
would look nice
all of those ah who's my favorite
Backstreet Boy that's a great question
Joey fat one it's great oh look hey you
know what you took it out look at that
you you completed your mission rich you
did it I need a cop any I want cockpit
around me yeah we need that's what we
need
Senate send a message to will send a
message to the devs right now do it
right now Jack right I'm done and sent
we just sent the demo and he said he's
working on it devs working on it you
know I don't much care for gentlemen
well but I'll be honest with you as far
as the Beatles are concerned I've always
been a McCartney family I would much I'd
much rather listen to wings over John
Lennon's solo stuff but that's just me
everyone has a different opinion
whoa nice nice dodge roll nice dodge
roll Paul's great are the gray okay good
nice I'm glad you got I mean you know
also George Harrison he had some yeah
that kid had some chops mission complete
no I did not see Paul at Summerfest last
year I've never seen him live it be need
to but I don't really care that much I
don't I don't like generally speaking I
don't like going to like the big
amphitheater shows because you know you
can't get good seats and at that point
like they're probably not gonna do
anything super exciting I like I like
the small shows I wanna I want to be I
want to be up front but I also don't
want to pay money to be up front you
know that's why I like go to the smaller
shows all this game is missing is an
announcer I don't know if this game
needs an announcer drone seven six
o'clock decimated you're on a cuckoo
cuckoo cake you'll streak that probably
wouldn't do good things in this game
probably Ringo all the way you're just
saying that because you know why are you
saying that I don't think Ringo all the
way is the way to go it is weird that
you don't have a cockpit view yeah
that's this seems like a half-finished
idea here I'd settle for a half-assed
one I think that's what we're getting is
the half-assed no no and likes just some
polygon things that vaguely resemble a
cockpit sure sure cuz like also the
missiles come halfway into the screen
like they don't have that screen I think
the intention was to have a hat was to
have a cockpit and they never got around
to it games got to be released yo
yeah just take just tape a cockpit to
your screen absolutely what I don't even
know what you're talking about I don't
even know what you cut talking about my
brother wants your thoughts on Adam
Wingard Death Note movie have you seen
it will you see it from what I've heard
from Jays Twitter is that it's a fine
movie and it's not great so I'm probably
not gonna see it yeah like he said it's
not great and it's not as bad as
everyone says it is and and that means
it's gonna be middling and I just don't
care that much I don't care that much
about middling movies there's too many
good movies to see and I don't whoa slow
down too much
do you think there will ever be a band
as famous or as big as the Beatles no
probably not
I bet I bet if you look at like are the
Beatles the best-selling with population
increasing probably already happened
well that's that was relatively as big
or is influential probably not yeah well
that's what I was gonna ask like if
we're talking about just record sales
that's probably happened already another
another band has probably outsold them
right Michael Jackson probably did oh
absolutely but no we will never see
another band like the Beatles because
now our we have too much access to music
whereas people didn't have that back in
the day yeah it's fun
there's too much music everywhere and
everyone has access to all the music all
the time and so we're not going to get
that that laser focus that we got with
the Beatles
this one one pass job one one fucking
pass for what kill was think the whole
thing in one pass not gonna happen
why don't you love oh is that it oh okay
then it's gonna happen definitely
you can do it rich I believe in you oh
my god and Plus you stall out again
nice yeah I think it like you know this
this goes back to a lot of what it might
call it in the Star Trek the blurring
effects this a lot of like the Beatles
it's a there we have access to too much
music now and we're never gonna get of
the Beatles again
but that's okay there's not anything
wrong with that because there's still
good music being made and that's all
that matters there's still good music
being made save it as a lock on around
so if it says fire-and-forget that's
lock on alright but you need to be
concerned with weight here
yeah and so the one here go to your
micro so that is 20 and 20 so now go to
the other one that's 20 and 30 so you
won't be able to lose weight avionics I
think its payload I don't know what avi
Oh actually maybe you can be one of
ammunition okay I don't know I don't
know exactly how it works I don't know I
could go my whole fucking life without
ever hearing again about how great the
goddamn deals were even if you don't
like the Beatles music which I don't
like a lot of it like I enjoy their
early like rock and roll stuff but as
soon as they started getting arty and
flowerpower E I kind of tuned them out
but that's a great question you don't
unlock them here but if you want to
upgrade them you can but you like even
if you don't like their music you have
to acknowledge their influence on
literally every one every how do we
upgrade the actual ship okay go back go
back and go to Aero lab and then go to
the ship and you don't have enough money
okay you only have 650 dollars and you
need at least 2000
wellthanks fighter pants guy thanks for
subscribing Elvis Presley vs Michael
Jackson who is bigger Michael Jackson
probably probably you know once again
we're talking population we're talking
amount you know how easy it was to sell
records but Elvis did have more movies
you're right but Kida win thank you for
subscribing where we were offline we're
okay with that Elvis had more number-one
hits I think that Michael Jackson I
don't know about that that might have to
be a Google question in fact I'm gonna
Google that right now one number one
hits Elvis vs. Michael Jackson I'm
googled it the only male artist to have
achieved more than 15 chart toppers is
Elvis Presley who attained seventeen
according to Billboard Mariah Carey
holds the record for solo artist with
the most number one songs with 18
interesting that's a great little
factoid there let's see here
what did Michael Jackson do Michael
Jackson actually for number one hits is
in 4th place with 13 so it's Mariah
Carey Elvis Rihanna then Michael Jackson
according to this Wikipedia article
Elvis Presley's number one oh no I'm
sorry Mariah Carey is number one then
Elvis then Rihanna
then Michael Jackson but Michael
Jackson's fourth place with 13 does not
include his four number ones with the
Jackson 5 so if you include his Jackson
5 work
he beats out Elvis for number one who's
number two Rihanna so I really want to
upgrade alright alright I think I get
that I'm getting it
so imperio so no man if you include the
Jackson 5 in Michael Jackson's work
Mariah Carey still beats him by 1 with
18 then Michael Jackson with a little
coffee out of with the Jackson 5 at 17
then you have Elvis Presley at 15 and
Rihanna at 14 semi-active what's that Oh
guided semi-active at that honor anyway
precision guided bomb interesting
I think the Jackson 5 totally cuts I
think so too cuz obviously he was he was
the voice of the Jackson 5 so I'm gonna
count it but that's a lot closer than I
would have thought him and Elvis four
number ones which is interesting I like
that you know what that's why Google is
an amazing thing now now we're gonna
check this out ready who sold more
records who sold more records Elvis or
Michael Jackson list of best-selling
music artists interesting
okay you ready for this yeah Elvis vs.
Michael Jackson who do you think sold
more well the elbows has had more time
after his death he probably sold a lot
of them so I'm actually gonna go with
all this you're actually gonna go with
Elvis you would be correct you would be
correct acclaimed sales is six hundred
to five hundred million for Elvis
Presley and Michael Jackson has three
hundred to three hundred and fifty
million somewhere in that range
it's not as precise as you would think
both however they're number two and
three so the question is who's the best
selling artists of all time the Beatles
The Beatles according to this Wikipedia
article is the best selling artists of
all time with a claimed 500 to 600
million
well Michael Jackson fuck to Lisa Marie
so boom right there you go that's all
you need that's right Michael Jackson
was making money off of the Beatles oh
it is it doesn't really matter he bought
the rights to bunch of Beatles music
there's Paul McCartney awesome fierce of
course cuz Paul McCartney's alone I gave
him the idea yeah but uh I might buy
some music go to buy some music that's a
good way to make money as an artist
anyone can edit the Wikipedia that's
true but you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna trust it Wikipedia is
generally trustworthy so Beatles Elvis
Michael Jackson rich Evans if you had to
take a wild guess at who was number four
under Michael Jackson I know it could be
anyone and any time you give me a hint
give me an era most well-known for the
80s Madonna Madonna that was gonna be my
guess without the head nice guess miss
Madonna is the number four best-selling
artist then it takes a little bit of a
left turn rich yeah who do you got for
number five who do you got for number
five
a boy band NSYNC so you know what that's
a fine guess yeah not even close huh
that's mail oh one mail it's one mail
one individual mail probably turn you're
gonna say I'm gonna say girth Brooks Oh
excellent guesses well but no no I'll
say his best era is is probably known
for the 70s Johnny Cash I don't know Sir
Elton John sir
first of all Crocodile Rock is a great
song Benny and the Jets is a great song
probably two-thirds of all these sales
are The Lion King soundtrack yeah Elton
sir Elton's been knighted rich shit I'm
not British he'll protect the realm from
dragons if they come back that's his
whole deal I really like Elton John
especially his old is old wacky tunes
oh right fucking candle in the wind that
was everywhere twice that was everywhere
twice candle in the wind we're using
numbers to define oh no we're just it
just gives us something to talk about I
think it's interesting Elton John is not
someone who I would think of as a chart
topper as a Sales Leader and then after
that you have Led Zeppelin and Pink
Floyd four six and seven
and then but below them actually you get
Rihanna and Mariah Carey
so Rihanna and my Mariah Carey have more
number ones but less sales very
interesting I like it I like it
I just like it the fact that all this
information is right at our fingertips I
I enjoy Elton John I enjoy his music
especially his old like I said his old
goofy tunes
yeah the Rolling Stones didn't appear
until what way down the lists
number one bait yeah number one based on
radio plays that's that's billboard the
Billboard Top 100
so we're IANA and Mariah Carey they got
the hits they got the hits that they
play on the radio but they don't
necessarily make the sales and of course
the Beatles and Elvis Presley have been
around for you know three decades longer
making music so I got a little bit of a
I got a little bit of a head start a
little bit of a head start let's say
well we got here's Zach of the axises
have you seen vitality verse Vitaly
Versace's amazing trivia show are you
smarter show are you smarter than a hot
dog you can easily find it through
Google and it plays out like a fever
dream
no Versace film I we've seen a couple
other advert Ali Versace films and you
know we stopped when we got to the
exploitative ones yeah they got they
took a weird turn they took a turn where
we were we became uncomfortable watching
them good old we became uncomfortable
watching that and we made it through
psycho from Texas yeah like we've made
it through a lot
but yeah he it became a little - yeah
that that one gun that just shoots the
one little powerful it's powerful but
it's weird it's hard to aim
let's see here sister Li like a railgun
or something yeah yeah I kind of like it
it's powerful I like that but I'd much
rather like there are missiles that are
more powerful sister Ling says hey rich
yeah yeah do you like pop culture things
that I like no great Jack have you ever
seen other pop culture things I like
probably love you both forever and ever
thanks to Sperling pop culture thing
yeah I know new Game of Thrones is
tonight I'll probably end up watching it
I probably end up you know feeling the
same way about it that I always do like
I said I think these later seasons have
been better and better mostly because
they're finally coming to an end so they
have to tie up all of these loose ends
and they always just hung on that white
screen for a long time but but you know
I'll tell you the the whole Daenerys and
Jon Snow thing getting a little creepy
getting a little creepy I know that they
don't know I try not try not to do too
many spoilers but I know they don't know
but we know and so it's getting a little
weird you know for those of you who know
you know incest thing is a tiny bit of
an interesting which is like all over
Game of Thrones and they don't know that
they're related but we as an audience
know that they are and they haven't done
anything but like they're making googly
eyes at each other you know they're
making enough googly eyes where I think
it might happen and it's just like you
don't want it to cuz then you're like
they're the good guys and like ah like
the bad guys doesn't ever let them be
blissfully ignorant
that's a happy ending no because then
you know like because here's the thing
one of the defining traits of our main
villains of the show is their incestuous
relationship yeah
Cersei and her brother are super hot for
each other and so like you can't relate
traits of the bad guy to traits of the
good guys yeah autocannons not bad jack
it's just tricky to aim tricky Dame I
think you have to be a badass oh shit
that's just fine if you're a badass
yep shit rich then you do it man you do
it
redneck of Thrones absolutely No
well you do it you go fast great you did
it you did it rich can it be wrong if it
feels so right no like I said
technically speaking it's not weird
because they don't know but but you know
we know I think she's his aunt that's
how it works out oh yeah don't forget
about your yeah earn your flairs when
there's enemy Locker oh yeah when
there's incoming missiles you can shoot
off your flares
rich do you like Mass Effect one or two
better they suck they all suck
they've been ruined retro actively stop
asking me about the fucking series you
kind of knew that like you guys kind of
knew what that that was the answer to
that
yeah we kill oh thank you hack button
Thank You beefcake BT boo boom yes what
okay great
oh the guy saw it and I thought I had
forgotten for a moment about the whole
Mass Effect thing I thought we might get
a genuine answer out of rich but he
doesn't feel like talking that is the
genuine answers fine genuine answers I
believe they have retro actively been
ruined by the third one that is the
genuine answer fair that's fair death
John says rich recently been playing
classic doom for the first time in 15
ish years aside from brutal doom any
mods you'd recommend a project
brutalities not bad hmm there's
something I haven't tried yet it looks
neat doom for doom 4 do before for doom
doom 4 for doom is I think what it's
called all right they kind of makes some
of the old enemy sprites look a little
bit more like they do in the new game
they altered the weapons and I I think
they added in like glory kills similar
oh ok that's fun I haven't tried that
one yet
it looks need the the only problem I was
watching a bit of your project brutality
stream when I was cutting it up for
YouTube yeah I just don't know if I
could deal with all those options that's
arguably one of the issues I write brows
I was watching you go through every end
like you could tweak every single one
it's like I just want to play the game
it's a good problem there's a good
problem it's intimidating for for a new
player I guess is what I'm saying
doom for for doom yes that's AB I might
have the name wrong I think it's
something like that though I think it's
doom for for doom sure and then there's
a you know the more the first
mine's they had four doom was the aliens
total conversion but I think somebody
recently updated that one a bit this
isn't like a newer doom aliens mod that
I played around with pretty neat where
you fight the Xenomorphs yeah surely
they give you like a weapons like they
had in the Alien movies oh oh cool
that's mean
badly ins have the acid blood it's need
cool but oh no you pick it up where you
left off yeah I didn't finish the
mission though is I do that you probably
have to redo that mission
what do you have to press the unpause I
don't mean the pause button again it's
really easy to quit possibly too easy
possible what you have here is a game
developer who had a good idea for a game
but maybe not not so good with the user
interface pull-up bra let's see here
Gately capably says the hexagonal
landscape reminds me of an SNES game my
dad used to play reminds me of just a
classic flight simulator honestly into
the wee hours of the morn called super
conflict
he offered me $100 to learn to play
because the iiiii was too easy I refused
what kind of child were you to refuse
$100 at any point
is my question to you gay plea I know
kids don't understand the value of money
that much but a hundred bucks favorite
dance move
you know I'll revert to the Running Man
pretty pretty steadily I'd say everyone
likes a good running man
super hexagon four sticks four is a
fantastic game it's one of those games
that justifies itself on the iPhone like
it was a game clearly designed for
mobile play you know it's simple easy
controls super hexagon is a fantastic
fucking game I have I've been easily
hypnotized by that several times whoa
Terry Cavanagh in general I think he's a
fantastic game designer I make sure I
follow his work we played that a tiny
heist of his that was a recent game of
his eye I liked a lot of his work Terry
Cavanagh damn I Jack did you watch them
mayweather mcgregor fight no I don't
care about sports and I care less about
watching millionaires beat the crap out
of each other
these are fine things they just didn't
see cable oh you know what I actually
I'll take that back
I think it actually would be really fun
to watch millionaires beat the crap out
of each other if they weren't trained
fighters this every professional athlete
is a millionaire I know what I'm saying
is I want guys in suits dragged off the
streets and forced to fight like bankers
wouldn't that be great
sure sure I sneak $2,000 to upgrade this
shit why you can do it here's here's
okay here's my pitch yep here's my pitch
for the entertainment of the masses yep
once you once you have an income greater
than 1 million dollars you can check an
IRS box to get like a tax rebate but
then you are automatically enrolled into
the millionaire Fight Club and at any
point they can grab you off the street
and force you to fight another
millionaire
and they would they would use the
proceeds from people watching the fight
until you know help pay for probably
millionaires to give us money fight this
is what I'm saying no I'm just saying
you know like they get something out of
it too cuz they'd get a decent tax break
and you know there's enough people
involved where they probably wouldn't
get picked but we get the enjoyment of
watching them fight millionaire Fight
Club I think no not to the death not
fight to the death like a normal fight
I'd say bare-knuckle brawl though like a
UFC style you get the kick you get to
you get the punch
and of course we would have to have some
sort of millionaire Fight Club
Commission to make sure that the
millionaires are of equal physical
prowess like you know we wouldn't hit an
old man against a young buff dude you
know yeah make it fair but you know just
watch dudes and suits fight each other
like you pull it you pull a guy off the
tennis court he's got his his uh his
polo shirt and white shorts and he pull
another guy right out of the office he's
got a suit and tie just force him to
fight I think it'd be great yeah Elon
Musk versus Richard Branson Richard
Branson though he's not a US citizen
though so I don't know if he could if it
count for him but what I'm saying like
they have some fun with it have some fun
for everybody
what's in it for the millionaires they
already got money they get tax rebates
so they get to keep more of their money
so they get more money which is an
incentive for them and it's a voluntary
to sign up for it if you don't want the
tax bracket that's the tax break that's
fine this is based on the stereotype
that millionaires are yuppie white men
not necessarily yuppie white men but
just yuppies I feel like a lot of
millionaires are yuppies
I'm not making any generalizations based
off of their skin color but yuppies and
you would have you would have a male you
know men's and women's division of
course like we're not just talking about
men fighting you know what we want we
want foxy boxing
- millionaire foxy boxing I feel
exactly Jack trigger joins the Oprah
versus Hillary Clinton just let him go
at it be great
Zuckerberg versus a very wealthy polar
bear what now how do you stop the
millionaire's from coming to agreement
that they won't hurt each other if they
don't fight we retro actively take all
that taxable income or you have people
on the on the sidelines poking them with
with with stun rods I'm not saying this
is my best idea ever but I think it's
pretty good but no I just don't care
about the fight I heard it was I heard
it was a decent fight I know everyone
was concerned beforehand that I was
gonna be another one of those like one
round three seconds in knockouts but up
it went ten rounds I hear that's great
to the surprise of apparently some
people the guy who had the history of
boxing won the boxing match so and the
guy who didn't have a boxing background
did not win the boxing match so it is
what it is I'm not into sports or boxing
in particular button
mal rascal says Irish got tired yeah
that's what it sounded like but yeah you
know hopefully people got their money's
worth it was like a hundred bucks
pay-per-view oh yeah you are done
you are so done let's see here
cane hand Christ says why does rich know
off-the-cuff the names of so many Seagal
movies yeah well because their names are
so delightfully absurd yes
yes they are don't press a prone to
violence
don't press a I want one called prone to
violence is that I wanted to come out of
retirement prone cuz it's a perfect
Seagal movie name they never used
but what did you do to them this is
operation all awesome vulture by the way
it's like it xlab what is that this head
on the ground or is that in the I don't
know what nice lab as 1x lab PDI sir is
your way to browse this may be like a
list that I can scroll through probably
not oh my god
the hats awful alright that's not
helpful at all
it'll be fine I don't I don't know what
an air lab is X lab is that's operation
Dumbo drop absolutely that's great
analysis will you guys play another one
of the Sierra adventure games I love the
police quest streams I'd like to do
Space Quest too
I think that'd be good I'd be a good one
to do it took up two engines on one pass
that autocannon nice rich that you know
those nights are tough though because
like we really have to be in the mood
because there's a lot of voice work a
lot of just a lot of a lot of shit but
I'd like to do I think that'll be our
next one is like a Space Quest Space
Quest - oh yeah that has a fall off
Space course three is better you know I
like I like playing things
chronologically chronologically I know
and we have to play Diddy Kong first
which means I need to find it in ten to
64 before Wednesday so we can make
another attempt at this we have a couple
used video game stores here in nice here
in town oh shit that was a lot of money
for that yeah are we ever gonna go back
to Phoenix right I don't know I think if
we were going to do another voice heavy
stream I'd much prefer to do it I'm not
doing as much puzzle solving in Phoenix
right as I would have liked that's I was
hoping for more logic puzzles unless I
don't know look for all of the dialogue
trees yeah agreed
I'm a little bit disappointed yeah yeah
well I think what you're looking for is
like is a professor layton maybe
professor layton has a lot of like a ton
of really fun logic puzzles and then you
know it's intercut with a little bit of
dialogue maybe should give Professor
Layton a try I love those games those
those are fun games
oh I got greedy I totally got greedy
that's alright something I lose the
money too
I don't know actually do your ship
upgrades that you buy last or does that
permadeath where they go away - oh these
are all great questions oh you get to
choose what we research next though I
don't know I can tell you like I bought
upgrades for one ship like I upgraded
the missiles on one ship and those
missiles were not upgraded on my other
ship so puzzle agent no puzzle agent is
a bad game I played then I did not like
puzzle agent at all
it had stupid baby puzzles and I hated
the story
I got puzzle agent because I enjoyed
Professor Layton and someone recommended
it to me and I absolutely hated it
stupid baby puzzles
let's see here
desert fox as hey rich hi jack I know
you've mentioned previously that you
don't watch many other youtubers but
have you seen any internet comment
etiquette would highly recommend what I
assume the name of the show is internet
comment etiquette and I know I've never
even heard of it I'm sorry
so no I don't know I have not know I
don't know you're talking about
interceptor
yeah this is no man sky
Casper cat pens this is the the new
upgrade to no man's sky they really
changed it up it's no longer about
pointlessly explore on the the cosmos
it's just about dogfighting in one area
it's pretty great split atom so says so
what does this game all about this is it
you're it's it's just a procedurally
generated flight sim dogfight sim you go
around you blow stuff up you get gun
upgrades it's kind of great for what it
is I think I got it on say it was like
15 bucks and like we're still doing the
missions there there's an endless mode
that we're not doing in we're just doing
the weird missions but I mean you know
I'd love a little more content but it's
pretty it's pretty neat so far
candy for crows I appreciate the tip
Thank You fighter-bomber I can't fit a
fucking bomb on here though I want some
bombing capabilities Jack well you can
swap out a different thing for it you
have to you have to make choices and you
know these are the tough choices you
have to make rich
hope you didn't mind these a different
set of weapons on the top that's so
weird
no I don't know I don't know rich
it's still on sale on Steam oh great
yeah it's 15 bucks right now pretty neat
pretty neat little game I'll tell you
what I like the look of it I think I'm
gonna play this some more huh now you're
playing you go ahead and I gotta I had a
decent run there I bought it I can play
it at home
did you long as you or do you buy this
for me did I miss Diddy Kong Racing no
Kellogg's cornflakes nice fall out there
rich no our going theory is that when my
n64 was used as a prop for half in the
bag
mic broken that's the going theory right
now which i think is a pretty decent
theory so we do unfortunately we do not
have a functional Nintendo 64 at the
time I will try to find one for the for
the Wednesday stream is the best like is
that's the best I can do is try to find
one Lucas Ducas did you see that episode
did Mike really mess it up Mike threw it
on the concrete floor after smashing a
VHS tape cartridges oh okay yeah all
right then Mike definitely broke my
Nintendo 64 and didn't necessarily tell
me about it
because I brought it back home and have
been storing it nicely thinking that I
could play it at any time for fuck's
sake
right
I will I will make Mike aware like I
will buy a new one but I will make Mike
aware that he broke my Nintendo 64 and
he will probably repay me by making sure
that the fridge is stocked with beer
like he always does Jack you and rich
were in that half in the bag at least
the opening bit you two came in a second
after Mike threw the n64 on the floor
that doesn't mean we filmed it at the
same time different camera angles can be
filmed at different times so Mike
probably filmed that bit earlier or
later or I don't know maybe I did
remember it or maybe I was there but I
forgot about it
I don't remember it is what I'm saying
break the wheel as revenge I will not
break the wheel as revenge because the
person that will hurt more than Mike is
rich rich spent a lot of time building
it I think it looks great it works great
and if I break the wheel who has to
remake it is it Mike no no that's my
friend rich Evans I don't want to put a
rich through that you're welcome
break his legs no I won't no I'll just
I'll just make him aware that that n64
oh what I got new ships
you got some transforming wings
huh they usually don't stream on Monday
that's true we don't usually stream on
Monday and why what's going on on Monday
why would you think we would be
streaming on Monday I think someone just
asked a question I don't know I don't
know yeah I'm gonna basically my rallies
don't have a lock on us oh yeah but this
one does major damage if you can hit it
it fucks I think you're too far away for
those oh no they have 800 feet you don't
have to walk on them oh sure yeah it's
fucking shit up
are there any drinks you like more than
beer mo no I love beer the most you know
I would I would never turn down a
whiskey and coke you know Jack and Coke
is a fantastic beverage oh you know
gimlets are nice drinks I enjoy a nice
red wine now there's many things that I
like but nothing nothing quite nothing
quite beats a beer Oh
oh you know what that's sad that's
satisfying the little you see the little
damaged things pot flying off of them um
I'm sorry candy for crows I'm just not
gonna I'm just not gonna but like you
know I appreciate it
but yeah it's gonna give him the whole
thing dr. pepper is better than a root
beer is better than coke ah I don't
think I'm a big duck to put the fan I'm
gonna be honest with you
quatre when sure yeah there's that
there's that grapefruit rod ler with gin
that I love but that's beer you know
that's a did you beat the mission
already yeah cash is important well you
have that super lock-on missile for that
that'd be great for taking out
ground forces
after a long time I determined that I
don't like Dr Pepper I know endocrine I
like a lot of people like it I've never
had much of a taste for it fine it's
fine it's fine
yes okay you know what I also enjoy
unflavored carbonated water rich has no
strong feelings about that but like
Lacroix unflavored carbonated water is a
fantastic beverage for like satiating
that need for something fizzy that
doesn't have any sugar I love that just
you know that over ice will fill the
void for not being able to have beer or
soda it's a great a great placebo
that's a placebo drink that is also not
I would not go see that banned
unflavored carbonated water I don't
think I would see that I don't think
they'd be very good
got any water is a good replacement for
soda it is and you know like like if you
are calorie conscious you know like
right now I've been super hardcore on my
diet and so usually I get the hungriest
mid-afternoon like right around 2 or 3
o'clock it doesn't matter what I eat for
breakfast or lunch but 2 or 3 o'clock
hunger hits me like a motherfucker so if
a big glass of ice with unflavored
carbonated water and it hits the spot
for me
hits the spot for me it's great
no I'm not growing out my hair for
anything fun I just haven't shaved
I just haven't shaved and we have a nice
camera now so you can actually see the
detail that I haven't shaved you can see
my stubble because we have a nice camera
going now and not our normal webcam
yeah so does soda can be dangerous I
think's I think so does a dangerous
thing nice even lard David it needs a
cockpit it's a first-person deal hey you
want me to send another message yes keep
sending them until they do it don't stop
let's see you let's say hey let's find
the Twitter will tweet Adam how about
that between Adam right now what's this
game called sky rogue sky rogue looking
a sky rogue here
who made sky roam people fuckin people
sky wrote a sky rogue official boom I'm
gonna tweet him Adam I'm gonna tweet
Adam it's gonna be great
you know they're gonna love it
cockpit in first-person view we're gonna
tweet at ad at sky rogue game what if we
just haven't found her to somewhere on
the options in the menus Jack we'll look
like idiots what what if we just haven't
found it it's in the option somewhere
Jack we'll look like idiots then they'll
get Lee then they'll be hold off on
tweeting then they'll get back to us and
go it's in the option you idiot and
we'll go thanks
boom tweeted I did it already rich you
can't stop me
I know I can't you can't because I did
it that's the problem huh I know I can't
that's the problem
boom I did it too late
there's workshop for Skyrim that's cool
there's the workshop have a cockpit mod
whoo maybe it's actually it's crazy that
you guys can see my stubble because it's
not that it's not that long that speaks
to the quality of our of our camera
that's great don't look bad on Twitter
it's important I I did say that we are
enjoying the game I said hey we're
enjoying the game but we'd love a
cockpit in first-person view that's
that's a nice thing I'm using my old
Panasonic gh2 with the stock lens hooked
up to our el gato gambling I have some
fancier lenses and unfortunately the the
fancier lenses are oh shit what I think
what is it called when you can't zoom
alright I have a fixed focal length no
that's not it
Kadima what's what's that called
someone's gonna tell me I'm gonna know
right away a prime lens Thank You power
fantasy you're the first it's a all my
fancy lenses are prime lenses which
means you can't change the zoom at all
and and so there's no way to get the
camera far enough away from us to get
both rich and I in the shot so I had to
use the stock lens which just feel very
nice lens but I'd love something with a
lower f-stop so you know we can deal
with some of this lighting issue that we
have going on but a prime lens that's
what it's called
doulas zoom oh I like zoom lens better
so yeah we have the Panasonic gh2 with
an HDMI out into the elgato cam link
which I think is giving us a much nicer
image I just flat-out cannot
ground things with that one missile oh
yeah
which ones this one huh
oh is it an air-to-air
I did not trash talk the game I in fact
I made sure to put in my tweet that we
like the game and that we just want to
communicate it more than anything why do
you hate it we just we do want we just
want it with I agree with rich that a
cockpit would be really nice and
first-person view this is all I'm saying
it was just like one of those hey those
these are the thing we'd like weird of a
cockpit
hitting the wrong button switch weapons
other enemies that actually fight you in
the game yeah a lot yeah I'm just not
fighting those enemies right now I'm
sorry
and then you blew everything out of the
sky and now I get to go nuts yeah but
every once in a while you'll see like a
lock-on warning or a missile warning and
Ritchie's just doing a really good job
High Street CEO
oh yeah blowing up all the things I
could cash oh yeah that's nice
Ezra tally Versace responded to the
review yeah it's something I thought he
had a comment on many on the video yeah
oh I did not see that and hold on is
that everything gonna kill all the
things for Tali Versace commented I did
not know that I'm looking up right now
doctor smoke doctor smoke trees I have
not won any chicken dinners yet I have
now had five second places do you want a
team you got a chicken dinner that
doesn't count I did I did nothing to
contribute to that chicken dinner in
fact I was a hindrance I want a chicken
dinner where I'd do something but I've
come really close to chicken dinners and
I've had a couple of really good runs so
like I my interest is waning again so I
don't know if I'm ever gonna get that
chicken dinner but I want it I want it
hold on I gotta try I gotta find a you
got second place so I got second place
so low a bunch of times and oh it's I've
come so dangerously close I'm looking
for a foot Televisa oh but a Versace
vitaliy Versace says thank you guys good
job with the review I'm not Steven Allen
Spielberg I'm more like Roger William
Corman if you see his films you know
what I mean but thank you for reviewing
one of my first films I directed in 2009
director producer Vitaly Versace Vitaly
Versace that's what he said oh well
that's great and he seems to be in good
spirits about it then yeah and he's
responding to people who are asking him
questions great okay
no that's not there's no drama in there
no no drama
sorry that was it was very nice of him
to be cordial
don't worry my gun here apps 78 says any
chance of Space Quest 2 on Wednesday the
first priority answers in life first
priority is Diddy Kong first priority is
always Diddy Kong in life from now on it
will always be Diddy Kong first if I
cannot find a Nintendo 64 maybe if rich
and I feel like doing voices that I will
give you a strong maybe how about that
Ezequiel jeans we usually stream Sunday
and Wednesday nights generally speaking
I think we try to start somewhere around
6 o'clock Central Time
sometimes we won't get started well you
know we want to start to seven maybe
even eight on some nights but generally
speaking like 6:00 to 10:00 Sunday and
Wednesday nights is the general rule 3
routine Kate we've decided we can't do
the Batman voice stream but we're I
think I'm just gonna do the episode I
just need to find the need to find the
right episode and take it from Rich's
computer and put it on my computer
will there be a stream next weekend
which is a holiday weekend
Oh next weekend is a Labor Day but
that's on Monday right sure sure
every Labor Day is a Monday holiday so
yeah we would probably still stream
Sunday night yeah yeah so ya want some
air-ground hey we own a tag on my tired
around I don't I don't have any I could
fit this plane oh sure I don't know I
don't know slow bomber all right split
atom I have been paying attention to
what's happening in overwatch I'm really
excited about all the mercy changes it
sounds like as someone who plays a lot
of mercy it sounds like they're really
kind of revamping our whole deal a
little bummed that they're getting rid
of the the team res but really
interesting so you know every character
has their super power in overwatch that
builds over time and Mercy's superpower
was anyone within a given radiance you
could revive from death yeah meaning
that if the other team wiped out
everyone else you could say nope and
they're all back alive
they're getting rid of that and instead
doing a a one-person res as a miner
super power and her new super powers
just she gets stronger everything she
does is better but then like over time
she can just revive one person every few
minutes so they're making some very
interesting changes to Mercy and I play
a lot of mercy so once once that gets
out of PT is awful oh my god what
happened that weapon just whipped it
whipped
oh is that the scatter missile oh it's
horrible
look it's horrible it's horrible he's
terrible but in any case yeah I'm really
I'm looking forward to the changes that
they're making and I know they're gonna
I haven't even played doom fists yet and
I heard they're nerfing him for a second
time the man is too powerful and so
it'll be interesting I've really enjoyed
the the the may short the the may ice
caught in the ice short that was
adorable as they all are so I think the
plan is we will be playing some more
overwatch I'll be playing some more
overwatch with you guys when when the
new update comes out with the new mercy
update so
I did not cry but it was it was
heartwarming I enjoy I enjoy all the
shorts I enjoy the fact that they're
adding personality like they're adding
story to this game that they don't shove
down your throat you know and I enjoy
that about it you can choose to go and
want to see all the little story bits if
you want or you can just play the game
and you don't have to worry about the
Stars why would I want a weapon with
zero accuracy that's lethal well doesn't
it goes to all the things that it's
targeted it's just kind of weak right
I'm not noticing and hitting anything I
think it like if you fire it now it'll
go to the two targets I think oh I'd
lose a bit of cash off it's like a
shotgun for missiles yep have a good
night Lucas Ducas thanks for coming back
forget overwatch we want more Barbie
prom queen
fuck yeah we need to get some more
people for another board game stream
last night we had a really fun Settlers
of Catan last night oh yeah rich and
Karen came over last night we had an
awesome Catan seafarers the the
seafarers and won by sticking to the
land I was so close to winning rich I
was the underdog the entire game and I
was finally getting there and I would
have had you but uh the seafarers
version of Catan has this really great
game-mode where you you can sail often
discover islands and it's it's a ton of
fun
nice Settlers is not a terrible game you
are incorrect sir Settlers of Catan
let's break aim fine fine game Catan is
a fine game it's that perfect balance of
you know a little bit of strategy a
little bit of luck oh nice rich thank
you thank you
island searching is high-risk
high-reward and see early in the game I
found both of the gold islands and so I
had settlements on both of the gold
islands but then they weren't rolling
and then I got blockaded and I just I I
was really I was down I was down in the
ranks and all of a sudden my day I
started hitting I built it up so I had
cities instead of settlements and I I
was rolling I built an empire on rock
and wood yes rich had some really good
early luck and some some good really
walk you had some good work I wasn't
done yet I wasn't done yet rich had a
very good foundational strategy of where
to place his early settlements and then
the dice rolls were we know why the dice
was with me though yeah I put my
settlements on numbers that were highly
likely to be landed on I was by a he's
by a by an eighth for the rock ID two
cities on the rock where's eight high
chance of landing I had him on the
psychics which was an equally high
chance of success were rolling I'm
saying I'm saying you had equal part
strategy and luck but the dice were with
you early game sour grapes sure I lost
so much sour grape the benchwarmer I see
you asking me about the Last of Us over
and over I've actually never played The
Last of Us that game from all I know
about it I would absolutely hate it as
it has an emphasis on story over
gameplay it's another cover based
shooter and it does not look like the
kind of game that I would enjoy shooter
it's a lame stealth game but you hardly
notice it because that's only about 25%
of the experience which is all people
talking to each other don't present
right
I hate it and I believe you I can't even
believe you ever played it in the first
place I wouldn't even have given it a
everyone says it was great I gave it a
chance okay
I hate Naughty Dog I think it's just the
thing yeah yeah yeah I don't I don't
like their cinematic experience first
and foremost philosophy yep I hate it
I agree just make a fucking movie right
and by the way that's a that's an an
interesting premise for a movie though
the whole you know fungi zombie thing it
would've been a mediocre movie but a
fine it would mean you're in a movie
that everyone like complain about the
weird mushroom zombies the weird
mushroom zombies that's what we need in
zombie we needed some different zombies
look terrible I know it's terrible
no I didn't we look that up the other
day is like there was a book there was a
book that came out right around the same
time as the Last of Us that also dealt
with this whole mushroom zombie thing
and they must have been in development
at approximately the same time because
they both it was there was very similar
premises don't care I don't care
I played doctor chug but mud I played a
little bit more of the Serge after the
stream and generally enjoyed it but it
got a little repetitive for me I didn't
find the world to be terribly engaging
and so I have not gotten significantly
far now I just I just didn't care to
keep playing so thank you you're
handsome well thanks for watching oh
that was absolutely your fault
absolutely your phone's anonymous thanks
for the tip crane hen Christ says is
this game scratching Rich's x-wing TIE
fighter in yes it is okay good Lenna
flex in skis his thoughts on the
national treasure movies I think they're
neat if you're a fan of history alright
Indiana Jones light with history okay
I've been on a I've been on a Michael
Jackson kick recently and I think baby
be mine and rock my world are underrated
songs I I'm not I'm not sure Michael
Jackson has a bad song I never cared
much for black or white
I could see that being a lesser but it's
not a bad song and then what was the one
he did you know I feel sorry for me way
away I feel sorry for me what was that
one the world's out to get me because I
made myself look like a child molester
what was the name of that song I have no
idea yeah are you talking about they
never really cared about us my I don't
know I don't know that's a good one
that's a good song though they don't
really care about us when I made myself
look like a child molester no I'm sad oh
this definitely not man in the mirror
cuz man in the mirror is one of his
greatest songs Jackie's my birthday
today I would be eternally grateful if
you said happy birthday Eric well I said
it but I'll say it again happy birthday
Eric thanks for watching
we appreciate it hope your day goes well
cuz it's your birthday day actually I
hope other days go well - just cuz you
know in general I think everyone should
have a good day yeah you know what I've
never seen the national treasure movies
first - I don't know why I did you know
I'm generally okay with schlock but I
don't usually go out of my way to see it
maybe I still had TV at that point they
were just I'm sure that could be
give me check I'll get actually give him
a chance though I mean everyone likes
Nicolas Cage everyone that likes Nicolas
Cage crane head to Christ says $5 for
Space Quest - okay I hear you
Oh anonymous says I'm visiting Taiwan
for a week it's my first time traveling
internationally and first time leaving
North America my flight is 13 hours I
don't speak Mandarin and I'm traveling
alone what's your best advice shit dog I
got a travelling advice I don't man
you're on your own I might have some
traveling advices I'm someone who
travels often towards me eh
first of all have a system for people to
you know check in with you if you're
traveling alone because Taiwan does not
have the best what am i what am I trying
to say here people you know the the
thing about Thai you might die is what
I'm saying but also try to find try to
find a place that's not oh my god you're
gonna hit a line it's fine try to find a
place that's not a super touristy place
try to find a place where the locals eat
let's try Obama let's try a slope line
try to find an experience that you can
only get in Taiwan
oh yeah make sure you have the proper a
proper wall charger by the way that's
gonna be really important anytime you
get out of North America they all get
crazy with the wall chargers G shots is
saying go to the mountains there are
monkeys yeah that sounds great yeah and
just like have a constant presence of
where your wallet and shit is because
any time you go to any touristy place
there's pickpockets fuckin everywhere
you know wallet and phone and your front
pockets not in your back pockets or you
know tape them up tape duct tape them to
your gut alright let's try this okay do
it
do it rich do it
let's see Cameron a.m. - two forces love
you guys and rlm keep up the great
entertainment thank you we will try the
two our best no promises
where we're only human
a lot of talking chat about wearing
condoms I think that's just a gender
that's just a good rule in general you
know bud you know if you're gonna go to
Taiwan for something we're gonna be safe
be safe no matter what you're doing I
guess what I'm saying like if you're
gonna go into the mountains with the
monkeys you don't necessarily have to
wear a condom but be safe around the
monkeys and
XCOM - expansion or mario rabbits
we're probably given i'll end up being
pretty interested in both sooner or
later all right
we're probably gonna do the mario
Rabbids game for the next episode as
it's something I feel that we would have
something to say about oh that's a great
one
that's a great missile also be careful
of drinking water that's that's like
when you're traveling a lot of people
just forget to drink enough water and
then you get dehydrated and you get sick
and you feel like crap and you get tired
so make sure you're drinking plenty of
water but you know when you're in a
foreign country go bottled water go
bottled water it will just be safer not
even necessarily there water just
sometimes they have bacteria just that
you're not used to exactly and if you
live there it'd be fine I'm with you and
so yeah it's okay to invest in some
bottled water but also drink plenty of
water when you when you when you go on a
trip and you get like diarrhea or
something it's not necessarily because
their water is bad right you're just not
used to the things in there once it's a
different ecology they have different
bacteria that your body system is not
used to seeing yeah yeah I'm with you
modest glorious says drinking tap water
in Egypt was a bad idea
r.i.p half of that trip yeah yep what
I'm sorry
Len flexes he says spider-man homecoming
or guardians to I would choose spider at
homecoming the both Fred movies I
disagree with no I'm just done just
something I'm just saying I just there's
no point arguing no and I'm not honor I
mean I will try to feel I get as much as
I do
I wasn't trying to argue I was trying
you know there's two of the asked a
question to the both of us and we gave
your answer and I didn't say anything
for your answer my answer I thinks gonna
be fine everything's gonna be fine
hunched back Jack's is hijack and rich
I bought the witness on a steam sale and
have been playing it a lot if you
ignored the pretentious bullshit it is
actually a fun and challenging puzzle
game particularly for $15 wish the
witness oh yeah seemed kind of
repetitive hmm I guess you got argued
temptresses too so right I think for for
me it would be really hard for me to
ignore the pretentious bullshit it's not
already blowed up for something that
looks bloated up just disappear it's
confusing
well we've we've encountered a couple
graphical glitches so we know that
that's a glitch per se I think they're
supposed to fall
any response from the devs let's see
nope no response from the devs I don't
necessarily expect them to respond but
why do anything why do I do it yes why
cuz I thought it would be funny and then
if they did and it's an also important
for developers of anything you know you
you want feedback for the product that
you putting out there right and so I
gave my feedback on a cockpit view when
you're in first-person mode because that
would be nice
it'd be nice to have a cockpit chasing
the wrong
Sammis you know what my thoughts on that
are and you've asked that question a
couple times you're just looking to
start some shit what's wrong now
nothing nothing
a cockpit view I feel less like you're
floating in space
well they said a cockpit view will
obstruct part of the screen all right
I'm okay with that but also like Richard
it would make it more feel like you are
actually in an airplane and not floating
in space I'm not saying you shouldn't be
able to hit a button to turn the cockpit
off if you want sure sure sure
oh wait I should have bought more stuff
oh yes dr. Chuck but I am up to date on
arrow on CW I enjoy that show even
though I will freely admit that it might
not be the greatest show but I enjoy it
i watch all of those well almost off my
watch arrow i watch flash and I watch
Supergirl I do not want legends of
tomorrow that looks like it goes a
little too schlock for me but I enjoy
arrow I think it's fine fine show flash
is pretty good
whoa what the fuck is shooting at me oh
they're gonna crash into each other oh
they didn't oh I wanted to see them
crash into each other it's probably that
guy he has missiles on the back of yeah
rich you're an ace pilot no I'm a madman
Jan you were an ace pilot is great those
ships should have rammed that would have
been better if they if they rammed into
each other
I would I would have liked that more
they go they go
this is hardly over
the flash is just the worst no it's
light-hearted and it's cute it's cute
it's yeah it gets nuts with the timeline
changing which I assume is just a flash
thing
Tiberius you're not wrong it's getting a
little it's getting a little it's
getting a little much with the melodrama
surrounding the flash blaming himself
which is more of an arrow thing but you
know they're doing what they do stay on
target
stay on target
is any of us prepared for Inhumans oh
that shows gonna be so terrible it looks
so terrible I'm not looking forward to
that at all Medusa's hair looks like a
dollar store wig when it's not CG and
the acting looks terrible and the
director already came out and said he
was hired because he's used to making
movies quickly on a low budget
he's like that's why I was hired I can
make movies for no money yeah that's
what I'm gonna do here
that sounds bad it looks it looks cheap
it looks cheap and it looks like they
don't know that the show looks cheap and
so they're trying to play up the
melodrama and they're trying that
they're trying but it just looks fucking
cheap and that's going to be its
downfall because if it's if it's cheap
show you got out you got a you got to
know your limitations you know and it's
gonna be another one of those things
where it it's not necessarily going to
tie in with the movies and it's not
necessarily going to tie in with agents
of shields specifically and so it will
be another Marvel show out in its own
Nebula and one of the the big sales
pitches of Marvel was this whole
universe thing and the Netflix shows a
kind of in the same universe but they
don't really touch an agents of shields
are in the same universe but they don't
talk to each other anymore and so we got
a lot of different factions in the same
universe that don't talk to each other
yeah we're oh yeah you got a good amount
of money get out while you can
yeah like you know every every single
show has like a passing a passing
statement about like the incident but
they never talk about it like they just
call it the incident and for some reason
like I don't know if that's a legal
requirement where they can't just say
remember when aliens fucking came to New
York and the Avenger stops them I would
love for a little more intertwine mint
we had one one episode of agents of
shield where the lady that was in the
Thor movies came down to earth and of
course during the whole during the whole
Hydra takeover that was a major plot
point during agents it feels that was
nice but I would love a little more a
little more commingling of that and
we'll never see SIF again right
I don't you know I swear we gotta I'm
ready ship what where did we go to
upgrade a ship go back go back arrow lab
Oh upgrades are lost if you die ah okay
okay
so you gets more thrust to gets more
durable more maneuverability more
acceleration nice what about carrying
capacity in a second or upgrade no hmm
is carrying capacity get an upgrade
oh it doesn't look like him dr.
Smoketree says I think the incident is
supposed to be like saying 9/11 no one
you know everyone says it calls it 9/11
we don't talk about like remember when
they I guess that's you know what dr.
smoke trees I'll give you that I'll give
you that that's a fair point that's a
fair point
the incident seems like a weird way to
say that but I guess how else would you
describe that when aliens came to earth
and then superheroes punched them away
from Earth I guess I guess I can I can
be with you there anymore Len kay stuff
that was from when he was here last time
that was hold that that was the one I
was talking about I wasn't sure if I was
ever gonna see the light of day cuz
David taking a sweet time with it that's
great one that was a great review made
me want to go see blind fury I know
you've talked about Avalon I love it I
love it kind of nice
decent durability if I do the upgrade
yeah sure
two sheds that's a good way to put it to
the incident does seem it seems neutral
you know it was a big tragedy people
obviously died and like the city was was
attacked but the incident does seem not
to but I guess so does 911 911 is just a
date I wonder if they've had that I
wonder if they had this conversation in
a writers room somewhere you know what
can we call it well you know what what
can we do to like you know make sure
that this is you know tell the audience
that this is a big deal because we can't
put a date on it
candy for crows I can tell you nothing
about bite of the mummy I can tell you
nothing
oh yeah and don't forget to call him the
big green guy I know and I also get that
that like I mean well though he's the
Hulk people know the Hulk right and do
they call him the Hulk nekoma Hulk ooh
Captain America called him Hulk and
press in the first Avengers movie press
huh did the press the try I don't I
don't know if they're avoiding like
continuity tie-in what the shows as much
as they're trying to make it not sound
silly daredevil is a street-level show
about a blind man who knows karate that
fights mobsters right
he can't talk about the alien invasion
that happened last month so they kind of
disguise it the incident that's why it's
not well the movies won't let I don't
think it's that no well but I I think
realistically by this point because you
know like by it by this point in
daredevil also we had age of Ultron Hulk
was going all over the plate you know he
was he destroyed an entire African city
right okay people know who Hulk is and
so instead of saying the big green guy I
think you would everyone would call him
Hulk or the Hulk
okay I I would that's what I would do
did you fucking see the Hulk he tore up
that African towel what a fuckhead
that's what I would be saying if this
was a real life situation
oh nice and blueberry points out that
Peter Parker calls him the Hulk when the
bad guys are lying the masks and so I do
I think it's a I think it's a I don't
know if they haven't necessarily have
the rights to call him the Hulk I think
they're trying to avoid seeming silly on
the Netflix shows which totally are a
little bit different than the movies and
while that's true
wow that's true that's true
yeah defenders Nick it's it's an same
reason in Zombie movies that avoid
saying zombie for some reason even
though everyone on the planet knows what
it's jambe is right yeah too far away
somebody thumbs in the ground
chips on my ass shavax
or Shiva Shiva x51 that's exactly it
we don't want listen we don't want the
Netflix shows to be silly I mean after
all he's the immortal Iron Fist who's
sworn to fight the hand he's a black
ninja ninja vs. alien though something
very different he's very different it's
a very different type of silly he's
funny
okay well at least you admit that it's
silly it is it's also trying to pretend
that blind ninjas work silly the point
oh no I grabbed the non lock-on once
again because I'm a dumbass and those
are the ones I wasted my upgrade on oh
my god don't miss oh yeah yeah that's
gonna be tough he's gonna he's gonna be
tough kills then look at that boat turn
on a dime
yeah no I get that iron fist is supposed
to be the ultimate martial art suit of
which he is like he fights he fights
well I just wish I could tolerate any
time he talked they resist he does get
into a fight with daredevil does he win
uh he hopes so I think everyone kind of
hands his asked to him which is very
nice because I hate him oh yeah
he is actually a really decent like a
really fun fanservice fight with Luke
Cage who of course is like immovable see
they're smart enough to know this then
no that's what that tells me what
they're smart enough to know the fans
don't like iron fist yeah I think I
think so I mean they didn't know quick
enough where like the whole plot
revolves around an iron fist thing but
everyone beats him up pretty pretty
easily which is very nice because he is
the immortal iron fist and he just
wanted to fight the hand so here's the
thing G thunders iron fist it does act
like a fifteen-year-old most of the time
that was you did it rich like iron fist
is incredibly naive and immature and a
total dickhead like a teenager which
remember he for all of his growing up
time was in conlon not in normal social
settings just training kung fu and so
him being socially inept kinda makes
sense is what I'm gonna say him being
kind of a dickhead makes a little bit of
sense
that I mean I still don't like him as a
character I much prefer thee like the
the chill mellow philosopher Danny Rand
who's just kind of like above it all
because he's found one with the universe
and I like that naivety I don't like him
being a dickhead himself
that's true nee-sama people from Kunlun
also think he's a dickhead and he is
he's just a dickhead what are you gonna
do what are you gonna do hopefully they
change it up for the second season which
is already happening oh yeah you got a
complete your mission and get the fuck
out of Dodge
stay on target
didn't kill it
Jesus Christ that was a that was a
barrage of shit and it didn't kill it
rich I'm sorry
I agree like I I also I really dislike
the actor who's playing Danny ran and I
think there's some bad writing and I
think his character his character is
that of a dickhead and so like there's a
lot of things wrong with iron fist and
Danny Rand and because of that defenders
was kind of man you know it was cute
seeing them all come together that was
Park it was cute that everyone got their
hero moment I think I think the
defenders though had a much bigger
problem which is when they actually did
get to fight together
you made it you survived so here's
here's the the real problem with
defenders is when they actually do get
to fight with each other
what you have is for people who have
very similar strengths you have you have
for people who punch that's it and so
you can't get that varied action that
you can get with like an Avengers right
you got Captain punching you got Iron
Man flying around using lasers you got
Hulk smashing you got Hawkeye doing the
the crossbow that you got you got a
variety of your heroes doing different
things to keep the action palpable to
keep it moving to keep it interesting
but in defenders you have four people
who are very good at punching and one
who also has sticks that he hits people
with what'd you do
I'm sorry
it's I think it's about more than a
leader I think they need to find I think
they needed to find a way to very up
their fighting styles we're like for
example that first like a little mini
fight we get with iron fist and Luke
Cage where iron fist is doing his
kung-fu thing and Luke Cage is basically
acting like a meat shield like sometimes
some guys with guns show up and like
Luke Cage just stands big and then Iron
Fist hides behind him and it was I was
like how cute they got to use their
power set and then like you know Iron
Fist did his kung-fu thing and it was a
neat way to use their power set
but later on everyone was just punching
everyone and it got boring
but do they learn to work as a team not
really
dr. foot check it didn't it didn't it's
it's it kind of fell apart it's it's all
it didn't it didn't work that much it's
been out for a while and we haven't
really talked about defenders I'm very
sorry I'm not giving away too much I
don't think but if you were gonna watch
it you would have watched it already
fuck you jack
I love titties you won't say it that I
love titties I enjoy breasts I don't
think I've ever said anything to the
contrary
but I do later nuff Jack why you say it
more saying that you like breasts
overall I'm okay with breasts
I usually prefer butts I'll be quite
honest with you and you cannot lie I
know there are many not just brothers
but you know also sisters who would deny
but me personally when a girl walks in
with an itty bitty waist as long as she
also has a round thing that can I can
look at I enjoy it there's all I'm
saying have I talked about what hot
American summer ten years later I don't
know but if I haven't it's great yeah I
think I might have all this it's very
good yeah I was I was kind of down on
the first day of camp which I think I
don't think the jokes hit for first day
of camp but ten years later I felt a
funny it felt like the same old wet hot
American summer really good job tire I
very much enjoyed ten years later
so I actually now that now that I said
that yes I think one of the streams I
have I went a little more in depth about
it but yes overall really enjoyed it
mushroom comportment
all right I got my weapon load I don't
like and the Power Stone stream you said
you like butts better with Jessie in the
room Jessie is a friend of mine and she
knows I like what's better so it was not
a surprise to her the documentary on
what hot American summer yeah yeah very
good little behind-the-scenes featurette
about the making of what had american
summer my favorite part about it's on
Netflix or it was on Netflix I don't
know if it's Dylan's my favorite part of
the behind-the-scenes is you have people
like like Bradley Cooper and Amy Poehler
talking about how amazing it is to work
with Janeane Garofalo and like can you
believe we got Janeane Garofalo like
what an honor it is to work with her
which you know at the time she was the
big star and they were nobodies and I
thought I think it's really funny like
they were talking about like david Hyde
Pierce is going to be here for five days
of filming because he was the big get
for what had American summer there
there's a documentary on the making of
the movie what had American summer and
it's called anyone want to remind me
what it's called
help me help me you be in the zone you
be in the zone I'm totally not batman
and bill the documentary about what had
american summer hurricane of fun Thank
You Manny the Vera King it's called a
hurricane of fun the making of what had
American summer and there's a whoa
terrible past Wow rich of wonderful
little behind-the-scenes feature a ton
of footage from filming how they made
that production great hurricane of fun
what is wet hot American summer wet hot
American summer movie film it's a movie
film directed and written by David Wain
starring Michael Showalter Michael Ian
Black Janeane Garofalo a lot of people
from the state and it's an amazing
comedy movie that is disguised as a
summer camp boner comedy that turns into
something much more
it's
Yulin even if you haven't seen it in
years we'll give it a watch it holds up
shockingly well
you kind of have to by the way when you
play a game like this I lean with it
like if I'm if I'm close to something I
want to lean out of the way that's how I
feel I play better
does it really turn into something much
more it
I don't you can't you can't describe
that's the thing I can't describe it
without completely spoiling it but yes
it turns it turns into a beast of its
own skin it is a it is not a camp sex
film no but a teen sex comedy it is not
but it starts as a teen sex comedy and
then it slowly devolves into wet hot
American summer it sets itself up to be
that ended willfully weird yes that's
the way I would describe it it's
wilfully weird nice nice yeah oh and you
should definitely watch the movie before
watching the series it's a good game
yeah that's fine game fine game rich I
have seen not another team movie I
remember the chat theorizing that we're
piloting actual drones shit
shit I like that I'm done with that
theory
shit sorry yes I will upgrade that let's
see here chicken chase you or says hey
guys first time I've been able to catch
you guys liar chase sewer yeah I've been
watching for a while keep up the grid
good work also happy to see Len back on
our LM seems to be getting more
comfortable than in the past
oh yeah yeah now he was he was good on
the panel yeah I'm gonna go out on a
whim I think rich recommends this game
the sky rogue on sale now I'm steamed by
the way just a quick heads-up
but I ya know and you can't blame Len
for not being tempted oh my god ya blew
up it it fell on top mention I should
have expected that
oh you defeated it oh my god you're not
dead you look like you're dead
it took a chunkier help I'll deal with
that yeah that's great I'll win it
that's great
Christopher Meloni is a national
treasure christopher meloni coming
straight off of like SVU is in it some
of the funniest shit you will ever see
in the wet hot American summer movie I
need to just re-watch that now because
I'm talking about it and I fucking love
that movie everyone's telling me to
dodge roll I am you don't see it in
first-person perspective oh yeah yeah oh
there you go
have I heard the new Taylor Swift song
no I haven't I heard middling things
about it I've been as far as music
lately all I've been listening to lately
is Kendrick Lamar Kendrick Lamar's new
album I've been listening to damn and my
first go through of it I actually didn't
much care for it and I've read listened
to it a couple times now and I'm really
getting into the flow so that's all I've
been listening to lazy doing great rich
I think I need to take out these
carriers so I can stop the ships from
coming is how I'm assuming this works
you think you think that the drones are
coming out of the carriers that's
possible that's very possible very
generic you know on my first listen to
damn that's what I thought I thought it
was it was like you know oh this is mad
but I don't know you know like everybody
everybody fucking loves damn and I
wasn't really feeling it but shit on my
second and third listen I got the flow
of it so I'm really enjoying that now
never stop moving never well you're in
an airplane I think if you stop moving
never never slow down though sure not
when you got this many enemies that
you're almost average this is nuts
you're doing great the actually the
reason I picked it up I've been meaning
to pick it up for a while but I hadn't I
recently watched on the on HBO they have
a great little documentary series called
the Defiant ones that follows the life
of dr. Dre and the guy who founded what
was the record label now fucking Jimmy
Jimmy Fatone is that his name
oh the guy who founded Interscope
Records oh it's fun that's a great one
fun great run you got that you got to
the new color palette apparently oh no
that's a great that's a great way to end
him and it's been it's pretty late
anyway yeah Jimmy I Jimmy Iovine yeah
we've been going about four alright so
follow if simultaneously follows dr. Dre
and Jimmy Avani or however you pronounce
his last name the guy who founded I just
said it what was this goddamn record
label what's what you don't know no I
don't you don't know what I'm talking I
don't go to the bathroom it's it's it's
it was the it was the groundbreaking 90s
record label Interscope Thank You
Interscope Records and it's this
wonderful documentary that tracks both
of their life and for anyone who doesn't
know who Jimmy Iovine is he was like a
producer for Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers and and he like recorded
Born to Run the Bruce Springsteen album
and then you and then it cuts over to
like dr. Dre's early life when he was
like in a dance group and hadn't ever
DJed before and it follows both of their
paths until they meet at Interscope and
it's a fantastic it's like a four or
five part documentary called the Defiant
ones and it's on HBO and it ends with
with Kendrick Lamar because I think Dre
produced one of his albums I don't know
if it was damn but it was one of his
albums and so Kendrick is in the later
part of the documentary and that's what
made me remember to buy his album this
is not straight from Compton they
Straight Outta Compton this is called
the Defiant ones it's on HBO and and
it's it's a wonderful little thing Bruce
Springsteen yeah so like Interscope
Records like Nine Inch Nails Lady Gaga
dr. Dre all of Death Row Records was on
there for a while
so Snoop Dog's early career was all
Interscope no doubt just amazing stories
Marilyn Manson was part of Interscope he
was part of the Trent Reznor's record
label which was partnered with
Interscope but they just great
conversations with people but yeah they
talked to Trent Reznor they talked to
Bruce Springsteen they talked to all
these people that's all yeah they have a
great little bit with Eminem talking
about how he started working with dr.
Dre go go see it if if you are a fan of
90s music just to hear the back stories
about how all of these artists came to
be on Interscope Records is fantastic
and all of dr. Dre's backstory amazing
stuff certain bands of Interscope are
probably asking time for some Patti cash
epic Jason Kidd Kidd I get right out of
town
get right out of town I have no thoughts
on to pimp a butterfly I'm sorry I do
bee sandwich if you're gonna prematurely
leave we are where we are wrapping up
I'm just waiting for rich to get back
from the bathroom and then we're gonna
read tips as we normally do what's uh
let's get out of this screen though
let's get out of the you died screen and
we'll get back to the title screen
there we go that's a nice screen to be
on look at that
that's a real nice screen to be out
you're seeing so Jack first okay so by
the way Josh for Jack versus Josh music
quiz Josh would win hands down because I
have a terrible memory and I don't ever
remember names or albums or dates or
song names I like music
I'm not a music person like I had it on
the nice screen so you could see the
title and I had it on the words be quiet
we could have just turned for the sound
down oh no I just hit the button on this
back I had it on the screen so people
could see the title it's it's back yeah
fine title it's nice title screen I
don't know if there is a music topic
that could stump Josh he seems to know
everything about every genre he's a he's
a he's a savant
he's a music trivia junkie what game is
I know people are so good I think that's
just look at this no now people know
what game we were playing
that's a nice title screen your overlay
Jack that you wanted so bad has the name
on it
no I got twice so so nice we named it
twice
the city so nice they named it twice
gave reading them tips it's fun we
caught up what do we got what's night
novices hi rich and Jack has there ever
been a movie that made you go through a
cathartic experience
you guys are awesome keep up the great
work
cathartic experience rich Evans he's
either thinking of a joke or actually
thinking of an answer an answer not
really like anything like something
spiritual define cathartic yeah it's
like some like you walk out of a movie
and and you had a new changed
perspective on my life that has never
happened okay I think that's what it
means or you came to you came and so you
came to peace with something ha I got it
no I mean no you know yeah I don't know
if like yeah I don't know things like
you know things was over yeah
and then that was like because oh it's
over things is over you know yeah not
even Mad Max fury road like I said Mad
Max fury road did not alter my life it
was a really fucking good action movie
that I love yeah I need to know what you
mean by cathartic I think that's what
you know I think that's what they mean
I'm just realizing that I didn't start
the torture so I'm like just the joy of
seeing a good movie yeah I guess fury
road counts for that yeah yeah that was
enjoyable not necessarily cathartic that
was the question yeah yeah yeah I'm kind
of with you I'm kind of with him Phantom
Menace that was more just disbelief it's
more shock I mean it did change your
life but in retrospect my kid seen a
performer I got into some like unusually
early screening oh yeah Mike Mike worked
at a movie theater and management like
Mike yeah and management got in for the
theater chain got in to see like a
super-early like actually
rough cut of The Phantom Menace and
they'd like where the manager didn't
have anyone else to go was like you like
Star Wars more come my son Mike got in
like weeks early like a week or week or
two early oh wow
like marked it Mike did not know Darth
Maul got cut in half because originally
he did not really yeah
interesting yeah he just falls down the
thing every I guess he could swiped I
don't know but he's not cut in half mmm
I guess too many people thought he's
gonna bug so in post so then he gets cut
in half now but then I think he came
back anyway didn't he no but I think no
I think in that in the cartoon he came
back still doesn't count
yeah it's canon they were planning it
I'm just saying he it's funny because
they cut him in half to make sure he
didn't come back and he did end up
coming back in the in rebels I think he
came back rich is telling an amazing new
story about Mike and Finn I'm gonna I've
told it before I told that before yeah I
think he came back I think he came back
in rebels and he had like yeah like
robot robot lower about lower half body
okay I just think it's funny cuz like
you said if they cut him in half to make
sure everyone knows he's dead and
they're like a fuckin anyway he comes
back well the robot lower half yeah
interesting interesting why is that
interesting interesting why is that it's
fine it's fine
are you gonna tell me later
I might yes I might tell you later tell
me whether that's interesting I'll tell
you exactly why let's get to subscribers
now is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like you what would you like to do sure
why not
Frisco Jones for 36 motherfucking months
it alright
whoo Frisco Jones there we go
can you read this or do you just want me
to read them
I can't barely see that from here beer
coaster Cal sir calcium sorry calcium
rich Evans who says say say this like a
specter how does a specter talk and XCOM
you know how some Mass Effect and they
don't talk in a specific way that's just
somebody trolling oh they want me to say
XCOM 2
XCOM 2 X come to AIDS chicken chaser
hardcore says rich if Jack helped you
know yeah we already to them Mick cosmic
let me wanna wanna mike chase gaming six
six for 39 motherfucking months in a row
top ramens for 30 fucking months in a
role who says 30 pizza rolls in a row
bill la hecka for 38 motherfucking
months in a row says matches my age next
month will also match my age anywho you
know what I'm going to say keep on doing
what you're doing
collecting data for 30 fucking months in
a row saz thanks for the memories come
beau Flay go NAB dohsa spider Blaire see
s see hambo it says excited for my
second month gibbous moon for twenty
four fucking months in a row loner
Archon for 36
that was kind of a dud it was kind of a
dud
watch out those three years of my pizza
roll is still fresh let me turn that
Wheldon off the confetti off there you
go observe a drum
9000 roll sorry I got distracted space
distracted by the chat because the chat
started moving to say woe to loner art
John Romo some ex Mensa for 38
motherfucking months in a row says still
waiting on the next 7th guest stream yet
subscribe three more years are asked our
tests legion dr. Harry Lime for 12
months in a row says boma dr. poon MD
tiny tick tack push level who says it's
I'm JP happy civilities manly AJ alright
something French hemp saw could be
French
maybe he's smashing on the keyboard AJ
pimps all gruff Mick military for 20
fucking months in a row it says well
I'll be damned
have I finally hit 20 months rich great
review with lenka paczynski
thank you and you've been a great sport
on the whole Tom's festival thing that's
fine yeah jack
solid call on the Santa / religion thing
thanks they don't always work out
there's some fine discussions tonight I
think so we get deep we're deep
philosophical discussions uh
not just about our own beliefs but about
like how to properly raise a family and
we played if they need game while doing
so lost in Technicolor 437 motherfucking
months in a row
says here's 237 more months huzzah fuck
my cock space Comeau 436 6 motherfucking
months in a row
pop they go the red ones
says I feel like rich Evans the prom
queen tonight Thank You space camo whoo
36 months
that's anniversaries tonight that's an
anniversary you all subscribed right
around the same time must have been like
a J string as it's probably the first
Jace for exactly that's great oh wait
did Mike play co-op this might have been
the quickest is this my month
anniversary like a three year
anniversary of the coop stream the one
and only Mike Stream Schroeder Baggins
miss toots finger paints guy dr. Duke
lestine says thanks for all the goofs
gaps and laughs space alien super
cocaine for 16 months in a row Zeno
trope for 37 motherfucking months in a
row says wait a minute this isn't DK
this isn't DK at all no sorry this was
not really our fault this is Mike's
fault it's just totally Mike's fault
listen yeah technically I'm gonna give
it a 50-50 okay one Mike definitely
broke the Nintendo 64 and didn't tell me
it worked before Mike threw it on the
ground too technically speaking I
probably should have tested it out yeah
like before the stream started yeah so
I'm gonna take half response
but it's definitely may be 51% Mike's
home because he actually broke it where
are we we are on country mundus for
twenty four fucking months in a row says
can you give me your best 90s radical
stunt whoa skateboard helmets are for
dorks retro man retro mania og dira
hurricane for 17 months in a row says
here is the exact second here is the
exact second here knocks it over and
says I'm so stupid as he does it low
oh the the exact second Mike knocks it
over and says I am so stupid
oh thank you okay there you go now we
have proof fifty-two percent Mike's
fault doom violence for 17 months in a
row prereq is essentially prereq
essentially stands as my straight edge
version of getting weakened unwind shit
hammered this rules shred unreal its
rules oh my god we'll take it's a lot of
pressure now we have to rule every
stream it's not gonna happen
we won't rule every stream el el pollo
Diablo says thanks for another month of
great content not scoot exactly Hellcat
striker says so rich yeah XCOM 2 of the
chosen or the chose on Wednesday an
overdue
what is everyone I'm gonna take a look
at it well first priority is Katy Kong
here's the thing XCOM if I start playing
that yeah it's gonna be a commitment
because I won't be able to stop right
and I know the Mario game that we have
to play for the show was coming out
coming out next week like this week or
this week yeah so I I kind of think I
should avoid it okay cuz we're not gonna
do a review on the XCOM dlc because you
didn't like XCOM 2 and it would be kind
of pointless
yeah well and and we talked about XML ah
we've done Mexican a lot yeah it's gonna
it's gonna be rehashing a lot of stuff
whereas the XCOM playstyle when the
Mario universe could give us something
to talk about so we won't be doing XM 2
but we will stream it but yes you're
right wait until after you've done
playing the rabbit because I cuz I know
I know what XCOM does to my soul yeah it
overtakes it III know I've I have
started I started playing like X come
like month month month like a year ago
now yeah
I started playing XCOM one just in like
a whim and next thing I know it's been
like a week later I got another 100
hours in it just like that 100 hours
disappeared into X count of course of
course and Wednesdays Diddy you guys
know this already Wednesday's Diddy ghek
ah gang Garvey says loved the blind fury
review the underhand style was from
Zatoichi because the sword doubles as a
king I didn't I didn't know he did the
underhanded style in Zed oeg but I was
familiar with those movies okay so that
was probably an homage yeah yeah I think
I think technically it's actually an
adaptation oh okay
technically but I'm not a hundred
percent sure on that okay that's fine
hydrogen six for 12 months in a row also
zat's who says zat's and c-3po tato 3 c3
potato thank you
or subscribing we really appreciate it
sure we really do it's true we really do
and join us next Wednesday when Mike
shows up to play a game no he doesn't
I'm just fucking with you never
