Oct 18, 2017
Heat Signature, Overgrowth
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/183345981
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/183347636
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/183348875
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-wbOA_lJtM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnSG9Sc6Sbo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-NQKFWSH_c
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/920704214174662656

[Part I]
Network error
oh wait wait I can see you know some
people are saying yes people are saying
yes refresh refresh do it
refresh oh yes look I see it we're on
the app we're good okay we are good
welcome oh hey everybody welcome to the
stream you missed riches very
embarrassing death which had a very
impatient they missed it so you know
what it's all fine okay okay welcome
does Jack like the band Hot Hot Heat no
I just know that that's a band name and
so that's what I named it the stream
because the hot hot heat is a thing I've
heard before what the hell happened I
don't know what happened twitch had a
hiccup and you guys couldn't see his
play for a little bit even though we
were so we're having an early stream
because I'm here early and we decided to
just fucking start you know we're
starting all rich there's something I
need to show you
yeah someone made something for you
someone made a birthday thing for you
oh yeah yeah from heute someone drew
that for it that's adorable I want to
save that and use it for something okay
I will send it to you is absolutely
adorable
I showed picture the the picture that I
tweeted the other day of some of tiny
dick the birthday boy riding a grotesque
Showbiz Pizza bear I thought it was
great fun
teryn was brilliant you know you don't
know what one of the best birthday
presents is what okay
minigolf all right infinite mulligans
I was granted infinite Mulligan's I had
three holes in one birthday holes in one
sure yeah yeah well yeah we get it we
get it
dudes you gotta give tip to the art to
that artists I I just retweeted her her
name is Beatrice be Beatrice VIII just
retweeted her I love it yeah I do
yeah easy isn't infinite Mulligan's
normal in all mini-golf games no no not
if you're playing with people you know I
think that's it that's a fine birthday
present wrench a fine birthday present
infinite Mulligan's
there's your arrow did they make the
text bigger with an update it seems
easier to read
not that I'm sure the timers are already
counting down I hate that yeah nice nice
stick
this
it's a garden dip
I'm gonna take his key
first things first
easy oh not bad boom easy enjoyed the
review oh good yeah the the re-animator
from beyond review went up it was it was
actually really it was very abnormal the
the day that I came in Jay had dropped
that like this day you know weeks weeks
ago Jay had dropped off reanimate her
and from beyond and I was sitting right
here on this black table in front of me
and someone in the chat as we were
streaming said you know what would make
a really good review a double feature of
reanimate her and from beyond and it
just so happened to be the day that I
was picking up though like you know it
was Jays idea to do that but uh so that
went up that went up today that went up
today oh you have a new liberation
availables you know rush check well if
you I didn't know rush if you if you do
a liberation it means more items are
available to purchase in your shop
so that's why you want I need money yes
I just had character that I got nothing
from brown I have nothing sure we need
to we need to start small and work our
way up not taking the big mission when I
got no gear I got some concussive guns
that's it nice true you know you could
just float around and like try to find
ships to board and steal their shit you
don't need to go on missions mm-hmm you
don't need to go on missions I I won't
spoil the review oh look at that
hate being on the clock you have paid
that you have pause pause power one
thing I will say about re-animator is
for a long time I had assumed that I had
seen reanimate you know I've seen a ton
of old horror movies and you know indie
movies and reanimate er was just always
kind of in my zeitgeist like oh yeah
reanimate of course I've seen reanimate
er everybody's seen reanimate er but
after watching it for review I can tell
you that I had never seen it before
because you would remember if you saw
reanimate wisdom
all right boom oh I didn't look around
the ship see if any of those orange
boxes like stuff that you can how do I
cancel this space bar see if they even
knew those orange boxes I believe they
do nice nice ervil's swapper I'll take
recharge it yeah nice nice how far in
advance does rlm make their videos some
usually probably usually oh those are
bullets those are bullet packs
armor-piercing rounds hmm
I I would say usually it's just a couple
weeks ahead of when it's released there
are a few exceptions there are very few
videos that will just make and put on
the back burner
you have empty slots you don't need I
know is anything rechargeable just
reading visitor yeah
the visitor is a neat one weeks well you
know it's but something you know it's
all different like for for half in the
bag they shoot that on you know whenever
they see the movie Thursday or Friday
and it's usually up by Sunday or Monday
so that's days the best of the worst
that takes weeks like that takes you
know weeks to edit because those things
are a pain in the button I have anything
extra just for bringing this ship back I
don't know to tell you the truth I
cannot tell you
that's just oh it just got shot two
weeks before right now putting on two
weeks before it's fin like it's very
very rare that a finished video will sit
on the back burner and not be released
on edit advance it on the back burner
button
how often our videos scrapped not very
right so how do I use those
armor-piercing bullets I think they're
just in your gun
I hope so that guy's got armor well here
look press press start starts power I'm
sorry that pause and then look in your
look in your gun
was it saying tougher it says
because of course you gotta know that is
I think that's flavor text I don't think
that's anything important okay so I
don't know where your armor-piercing
bullets went to rich that would be good
to know is that them in there who that
could be
how do I use them all right clicking on
them right clicking on I don't know I
don't know how do I use these
armor-piercing bullets that's a great
question
are they just the first four bullets
that you use but if so now this is 12
that's got 12 bullets in it and then
that says four right what happens if you
click on the regular bullets all right
so go for your gun again let's see if
there's an option on your gun send a
stash cell
have they not fixed the UI for this game
no they have not they have not it's
still a huge mess they're saying you
need an armor-piercing gun
I don't know how accurate that is but
that is just what the chat is saying
let's see what we got here a rebel base
as hey guys got the Friday the 13th
collection on sale digitally and gonna
binge them all
wish me luck excited for Jason X and
Freddy vs. Jason yes
that's a fine binge that is a fine binge
rebel base once you once you get to
Jason X you're in you're in alright
alright it's fine maybe I can do
something creative
Freddy vs. Jason is a treat absolutely
I've got damn treat now 46 seconds yeah
probably can't do that just to do you
you know my limits yeah I actually
wanted to take time and prepare for the
mission and apparently I couldn't do
that no you have to you have to not
accept the mission and then prepare and
then accept the mission just in case I
didn't notice where does it say that
where it's time it doesn't it doesn't no
no oh wait no does here I just missed it
Oh sometimes it does sometimes it
doesn't like this
yeah hey like I understand you know the
game
see that's alarm response top right
that's different than just a timer I
understand that the game is trying to
force you into situations where you need
to where you're caught off guard
but we'll see let's see here according
to Robbins's last week
I don't understand that according to
Robin so I'm not gonna read it so
anonymous says if the room was on best
of the worst
is there any movie it would lose to
maybe double down or Miami connection I
have extra characters so make you say
this 7-eleven was a part-time job
I presume when the room would win from
all I've heard about it I would also
presume I've probably seen it enough at
this point though oh sure but assuming
we saw it fresh the room would probably
win right hands-down right
right see this is another one like if
that didn't tell you that they had a
timer but they did have every single one
every single fuckin one you can do it a
timer 50 whole seconds and what do you
got to do rescue I need a key I don't
have a key
well the guard has the key you got a
wrench you got some guns you got room to
play here you got absolutely room to
play
oh that's what that was according to
Robin yes you were you're asking us for
our help
renovating and we said we would do it
for four million dollars you now have 25
seconds
18 seconds
keep to a man you only got 13 seconds
get out of there get out of there this
that was close man
yes horse shit that was close yeah all
that what's up that was optional anyway
that was uh just a ship I saw oh okay oh
oh that's why yeah oh that's not so bad
then
flying Finn this game can be incredibly
fun and satisfying it also has some very
real problems did I have I had it set
the gun well that's not good you had it
set the gun yep
well guys remember the visitor has a
range you can't just with with any of
these teleporters you can't just
teleport anywhere they all have a range
to them you come back after two seconds
with the visitor right well what they're
saying is use the visitor to take out
the pilot but he doesn't even need to he
just needs to take out that guy pick up
his friend and get back in his ship
what's the range on this well it gives
you the circle is the range of what you
can't teleport when you're holding
someone else I'm not yet used to
Swampert
thanks we're glad to take out
boom there you go
there you go you did it what what are
you doing
I accidentally fired my gun once yes
what's the collision sensor do I have no
idea I have no idea maybe it's for when
like people are around the corner and
you see like when you're able to hit
them my but I just don't know
rechargeable long right is not bad no no
no you have one more
oh you're esos now yeah but once you get
back to the sure once you get back to
the thing everything's your stuff
everything will be fine rich let's see
here all and tick says hi guys I had a
question about our LM back-end
do you guys archive all your raw footage
on a raid array or do you rely on
YouTube once it's been uploaded also how
many if any of the VHS rips do you keep
I cannot speak for how J and Mike
archive their footage
as I don't know I can tell you for me
and for you know the work that I do and
previously recorded I have hard drives
of everything and I have a duplicate of
everything of all the raw footage all
you know the the edit file any any song
I use is on a hard drive somewhere is on
the same in the same folder structure I
keep everything on a working hard drive
and also have it on a backup on a raid
so
no I don't use any cloud solutions
quickly because the usually it's just
too much data you know in in general you
know what of films went you know when
it's rich and I on the couch that kind
of prereq episode is you know 60 80 gigs
with all the gameplay footage all of our
footage in ProRes the audio all the
visual assets it usually gets to be a
big big file size and so I just have a
working hard drive which uses a
thunderbolt connection and a backup raid
storage that that I have everything
duplicated on some rage dangerous lose
one hard drive you lose everything
archiving stuff I can be unless unless
you I don't know the raids a great
solution well but I also have it on the
working hard drive so I that's why I
have it I have every single project
we've ever done twice yeah oh yeah you
know
who would use a nonworking hard drive
Casper that's very funny by working hard
drive I obviously mean the hard drive
that I edit on but you're very funny the
hard drive that I edit on and a backup
hard drive that is just there to hold
all of the data you know like usually my
my working hard drive the hard drive
that I edit on is a thunderbolt
connection whereas my backup is like a
USB three just so I have some different
some different options
so but you know I do I do go through we
go through hard drives pretty pretty
regularly pretty easily
just a custom gun alert guard okay so
now I see your pause here you see that
ring yeah that is the sound in which
guards will hear the gun they concussive
gun yeah this or whatever you have okay
alright so you can use the concussive
gun now and be fine no oh did he have a
shield someone else heard it no you
didn't you he shall teleport it to you
he must I shot him he must have had a
shield
must be so expensive to be a youtuber it
the costs definitely add up I I can't
imagine I'm sure some people dump all of
their raw footage I I couldn't do that I
I have a compulsion where I need to hold
on to everything only because there have
been times where like I have deleted
something thinking I would never ever
work on that again but then years later
came across a situation in which I
wanted a specific thing and didn't have
it so now I save everything everything
all the time a data hoarder exactly in
Morocco I'm a data order he oh there's
they're saying he heard the shot and
teleported before it hit which I didn't
know was the thing that could happen
what well so those guards all right
teleport all right instant they're
alerted to anything so he heard the
bullet teleported before it hit him that
sounds like some major league horseshit
major league horseshit yeah well now you
know now you know
hello
like that's what that's what we're going
through now as far as speaking of
backing up footage that's what I'm going
through right now with with my cousin
who I made this movie with years and
years ago where we are desperately
looking for the original DV tapes
because we don't have we didn't have a
proper backup solution back in the day
and so we can't find the original
footage on a hard drive anywhere so
we're digging through boxes looking for
tapes
Oh
shit that's now the hell Sawyer
and their shields are up at least those
too
oh man look at all of them all of them
are hoarding in there that's great if
that room had like a fuel attention the
century show yeah I know I hit the wrong
button if that I've never had a fuel
tank you could kill all those guards
that room doesn't have a feel thing I
know I'm just funny DV tapes baby that's
right
am I able to get a key yes he's right
over there
oh yeah
well you do have a crash beam if you did
want to turn off that turret oh you're
right
but not like it really matters right now
use cloud storage for a lot of stuff you
know you know when I use cloud storage
for I use cloud storage for Photoshop
files nice rich how come I can't pick up
that key
oh is that I need to use a key for that
no no you hit you go to go to that and
hit the hit a button oh oh yeah that's a
button not a key bigger and so like for
Photoshop files with Adobe Creative
Cloud you can actually save assets to
the creative to the cloud the Creative
Cloud and I do that for a lot of our
like our YouTube thumbnails all of all
of the assets that I use a lot I have
uploaded to the cloud in case I need to
make a thing somewhere actually yeah you
might be super fucked because I don't
know if you can get just on to the exit
in time I understand you're like double
thoughts
I did see Adobe Creative Cloud products
got a little update today I I'm looking
forward to some of them some of them are
neat or neat things I know they've made
a bunch of updates to the new active
text tool and Adobe Premiere which for
that last prereq episode I used a ton of
the new text tool the essential graphics
tool for Premiere Pro and it made that
edit fly by it's so simple now to add an
animate text in write in Adobe Premiere
it's amazing it's great I'm looking
forward to a lot of their audio editing
stuff and what editing software do I use
most often Premiere Pro I used I used
Premiere only I only use Adobe probably
the Adobe suite so Photoshop from your
Pro After Effects I'm pretty good with
mocha which is a motion tracking
software that you use in conjunction
with After Effects but I only use
Premiere I know someone sent me a very
long email and I still need to get back
to them I'm sorry if you are that person
sent me a very nice and long email about
the benefits of using a different
editing program a program I know I've
heard about I called DaVinci Resolve
which is a free editing program nice
that also kind of the DaVinci Resolve
has a speciality in
color grading which is not anything I've
ever had to worry about recently so I I
just used premier because that's what
I'm comfortable with that's what I use
and it always seems to work for me
nice Casper it's both DaVinci is both an
editing and coloring program da Vinci is
kind of is working on also being an
editor it's not as robust an editor as
something like premier but it is both
does Adobe Creative Cloud have built-in
lossless HD audio encoding Liat like
true HD or anything that be something to
get me to upgrade from cs6 to the cloud
that I don't know I never I usually
don't worry about you know it's rich in
eyes audio it's not anything I've really
ever had to worry about it does have a
lot of different codec supports though
so it's something you would have to look
into I'm sorry
you know what this music is tight some
good music
though 70 I'm gonna answer this and I'm
gonna try to do so in a non-political
way mods I'm very sorry if this is gonna
burst open a political bubble but it is
a pop culture thing that I would like to
talk about and as a fan of hip hop I
thought it was a very interesting
exercise rich yeah did you happen to see
the Eminem freestyle about Donald Trump
no okay and that you know what that is
fair
I know you are not necessarily a fan of
hip hop so I can't imagine this would
even be something on your radar it's
completely I was the opposite of being
on one's radar exhibit it was buried it
was buried in your life this is not
Pulitzer I'm gonna try my hardest not to
get overtly political I thought it was
very good
it was a very good freestyle it was very
very tasteful and respectfully done haha
it's Eminem rich what what are your
guess is on that but he no here's the
thing
it was a pure freestyle which means that
there was no beat to it
it was literally eminem doing slam
poetry yeah it was just him in a parking
garage doing poetry about how much he
dislikes Donald Trump and I think that
was really audacious of him and I've you
know obviously I thought it was very
powerful because there was no beats
there was no course it was just it was
just pure freestyle so this is a station
there is no pilot right is that how this
works a station I'm looking for a pilot
that I can take out I'm fairly sure you
got on a ship so yeah
I would assume there's where where is
the pilot I haven't seen him okay this
could be a space station maybe there is
oh no he's dead yeah who killed him
zoom out just like a hair yeah now i now
go through that's you that way is that
know their love once
right but you know you go for it do it
so in any case shit what how do I get
blown out damn it damn it
you still got 57 seconds you can do this
you can do this rich
you just got to kill that pilot get back
in there
I mean most most the people are dead
already right all you gotta do is kill
that pilot
Mongoose cab says doing Jack doing
something everyone else is doing is not
audacious no no the presentation was
audacious nice got him his you know it
was his unpolished off-the-cuff
presentation of the rap obviously a lot
of people are hitting on Trump right now
that's not audacious but the to do so in
such an unpolished freeform way and do
it so well
I think speaks highly to Eminem's talent
as a whore rapper spent thinking about
that freestyle for a year I'm sure that
wasn't free I wouldn't doubt that he's
been waiting for an opportunity to use
it in fact haha do it so I thought it
was well yeah
you fucked up rich but there's no pilot
so you can just hop okay I hate that
they don't just kill you honestly they
throw you out so you can do it again it
is dumb yeah
so that reanimate her what a movie huh
honestly it's reanimated I I I much
preferred I mean I reanimate her was
cute but from beyond was the real was
the real treat of that viewing session
from beyond was so fucked up whoops I
already fucked up
it's got another key
you guys do not look for him
I don't let's assume in I can't make
anything out this is all just junk well
you got it you got a zoom out look for
it then zoom back in shotguns specialist
I can't swear I do like that every time
I accidentally like bang into of the
spaceships side and it's supposed to be
like a stealth mission and it's just
like bong bong mm-hmm like it could feel
like an idiot like they know I'm coming
now
yep
uh yeah yeah it is alright anonymous
says Jack I was the doctor on this week
rich how is the Karen policed sort of
diet going this week it's going alright
alright alright uh yeah and event fur
I'm still on track I had a I had a small
I had a small breach last night you know
if I if I if you're okay with a bit of a
confession I had two beers last night
Oh streamed any things I also enjoyed
that review episode I think it came out
really well I'm not supposed to have
beer my diet during the weekdays oh yeah
I gotta drop the guy off at the thing I
accidentally
- period was so so as mostly you know
what we talked about something we talked
about on Sunday is I have been reading
and enjoying something called The Ghost
Box which is a collection of short
Halloween inspired will not our themed
story spooky stories yeah it has 11
short stories that are meant to invoke
spooky feelings for the Halloween season
it's called The Ghost Box and it's been
phenomenal just kind of every night what
I've been doing is just you know taking
a new short story reading it and holding
off for a wait you want that personal
mission Intel
Fix subscriber notifications
I'm talking about
it's fine
a ghost looted box yes guys for a good
the ghost box and so last night I was
reading the next story which was which
is called the pear-shaped man which is
one of the longest short stories in the
collection of short stories and it's
written by george RR martin of of game
of thrones family and as far as short
stories go no as far as books go no
other story has shaken me quite as much
as the pear-shaped man yeah I was
physically uncomfortable after I got
done reading it Wow it was great it was
fucking great that worked out I hit the
wrong button
yeah well you know what there you're a
long blade you'd have a decent wind up
so you can probably wind up before you
can you can use your side wider teleport
to them and hit him with your with your
blade well though the scythe the
Sidewinder the Sidewinder is the white
circle your blade is the blue circle
wait what I get them he didn't sidewind
why didn't mean Sidewinder
what did you do I hit the button did but
did you I did oh well then I don't know
that's rich any good at this is the
first time you see me play this shit I
didn't play it all the time Jack played
this that's true last time I owned this
oh no and by the way at so after reading
the pear-shaped man I am wholly
convinced that george RR martin is an
incredibly talented writer and i'm sure
that you know that's why he's been as
successful as he oh my god as he has
been but as far as this collection of
spooky stories goes he's 18 seconds i
got it jack
you got it i got it you get you 15 I got
it watch this watch this
ten-nine I think the word is but we got
it we still got this we don't even worry
about to eject out of that window you
don't have this okay Shh
throw your sword at the window and get
out of there rich where is the where's
the thing even oh my god the polygon
yeah oh don't have no and you don't even
have time to get back to your thing you
have to know I know I can give it a
chance - what what
oh yeah just saying you lost the mission
Wow yeah you're still floating out in
space so in any case I've really enjoyed
the pear-shaped man but it it left me so
very disturbed that I felt the need just
to have a beer or two and watch like a
like lease and I just turned on like
some dumb comedy just to clear my brain
of the pear-shaped man because it was so
disturbing if if someone can find a copy
of this book I highly recommend it if
you are if you are if you want to get
into the creepy yeah sometimes better
just to stop yeah if you want to get
into the creepy spirit I really
recommend George RR Martin's the
pear-shaped man it's it's not even it's
not necessarily even like a Halloween
book or a horror book
there's nothing even to steal in here
now you just commit some murder I mean
yeah do it do it oh thank you Gino suave
and that's apparently there's a it's
it's online for you to for you to enjoy
highly recommend it just just one of
those one of those reads that left me a
little little I you know just even
thinking about it right you don't want
to spoil I'm sure you don't want to
spoil it
I don't okay I don't want to spoil it
but it was it's a fantastic read I've
been really enjoying this this
collection and soon it's it's the same
company they're the people that put out
this ghost box also put out something
for Christmas time and it's an advent
calendar it's a it's a short-story
advent calendar where you get one short
story day Christmas I picked up a copy
that to him pretty damn excited pretty
damn excited
yeah that one's called the Jesus box it
takes a harsh turn
so that's uh other than that cheat my
diet is going very well I'm on I'm on
pace last last Saturday my lowest was
193 which is the lowest I've been and
already this morning even with my cheat
I'm at 195
so normally like today would be the day
like Wednesday morning is usually the
day that I am the weight that I was
Saturday morning and then I have
Thursday and Friday to you know lose a
few more but because of my beers I'm at
195 today so I'm hoping at least to get
back to 193 maybe maybe 192 by Saturday
again can we see some fucking Rabbids
soon glad you guys are enjoying this
game might not be the best stream game
but I still think it's pretty good Jack
trigger choice I have no opinion on
Russell Brand I can barely remember who
he is rich and he's strong opinions on
Russell Brand which one is he I haven't
I don't know
I don't remember which one he was which
close the name of that book again it's
called the pear-shaped man by George RR
Martin's the pear-shaped man and it's
part of the ghooost box someone linked
to it it's online apparently somewhere
it's available online somewhere so
whoever links to it please link it again
we thank you Lloyd beets there's the
link for you all to read from Tales Of
Mist wait oh that's a he can see me I
thought that was a I thought it was a
solid thing in there yes yes
did he get you yeah you got you yeah
apparently had teleport herb right into
him yeah he did I hate that they just
throw you out the airlock it feels so
that's what I'm looking for here
I'm satisfying GI I should be dead it
feels a little cheese here's here's how
they do mitigate it is for every time
they throw you out watch what happens
when that when your ship picks you up oh
well oh wait are you on a mission yeah
you are an omission so every time they
show you they throw you out usually it
gives you a health cost and so then you
know they'll say like like I don't have
to worry about it I don't have to worry
about they'll just throw me out I'll
come right back in well there's no timer
here usually when they throw you out
they'll say the next time they throw you
out you don't have as long for your pond
to come and pick you up like one of my
characters I've been throwing out so
many times jack I would I have this zero
second I'm fucking immortal Jack are you
apparently you're fine you're fine
they're you're dead the green screen is
spazzing out
sorry it looks fine to us oh it's good
now apparently it's fast out for a
second okay sorry
sucks to be you yeah
you guys keep giving me hints on who
Russell Brand is and I I still don't
remember him so I'm very very sorry if
I'm supposed to have a sort of opinion
on him
I do not anybody saying who he is there
they're saying he's a comedian he's
British he dated Katy Perry I don't
really know him this is this is we're in
the same situation rich he's a monster
oh he's such a monster oh rich he's a
saint that thing he did was horrible
yeah I thought I thought the thing he
did was really commendable
does that help doesn't I mean this is a
lush strategic hotline Miami its hotline
Miami by way of FTL is what it is
I want them to actually try to kill me
Jack you want them to try tell you want
them to try to tell you is that too much
to ask apparently because they won't
ever I don't know like I said how much
have you played this more than you has
they haven't tried to kill you like I
said for usually for me and the chat is
saying sometimes they'll use lethal
weapons and then when they kick me out
and my ship picks me up it says hey the
next time you don't have as long to wait
before I pick you up so there is a
downside
25 seconds rich feels really cheap that
I can just keep going in and in and in
and in retry you don't have 17 seconds
they do it I'm getting thrown out the
airlock this is Matt what are you doing
I like some of the bits and pieces I
think there are flaws Jack that's that's
the point rich that's the point that's
what makes this an interesting game
alright alright is there there is a like
a nugget of a really good idea but it
has some some big flaws
yeah alright let's see what we got here
the blue prism says talk more politics
or tell us what your favorite
blood-borne boss was by the way happy
birthday rich Evans thank you thank you
rich
I'm fond of duels yeah so I'll just you
know it's pretty early in the game but
father Gascoigne
oh yeah father Gascoigne but there's
someone good really good finds that in
general yeah yeah I really liked who was
the guy with the cage on his head don't
remember his name yes I remember him I
liked that guy with the cage on his head
he was he was just he was you know he
was a madman and I just liked hearing
all the crazy shit yet to say Johnny
Cage head right Nicola oh yeah Mikolaj
the fight doesn't stand out to me as
much as all the crazy bullshit that man
had to say Richie might might want to
pause it Oh Shh
already heads up would you stop doing
that game so yeah Mikolaj I I really
liked listening to him and I liked his
crazy the
it's hard to think of specific ones
there's so many there's so many neat
little good ones here and there
I wish I would have a beer showcase on
rlm I'm always wondering what you guys
were are drinking and what craft brew
exists in your state so much fucking
craft brew exists not JIT not just in
Wisconsin but in Milwaukee specifically
someone got alerted
nope
but MKE brewing lakefront
brewing New Glarus I know I know a lot
like Mike and J are big fans of New
Glarus everybody die Oh
looting me spotted cows yes white oak I
was a great New Glarus beer very lights
you know that's kind of like the generic
beer we'll hopefully you get out in time
see oh look so now you only have 17
seconds to catch throw me out literally
a second before they get captured me
Jack yeah
hi German brothers welcome I'm sorry
rich so now you have blood loss so your
survival time for future incidents is
only 12 seconds yes this is your this is
your negative reinforcement
for for failing
a deadlier snake I can tell you I don't
think I will go back to the Dark Souls
series a lot of what I liked about
blood-borne was what born - would you go
back to blood-borne - Oh in a heartbeat
okay I wouldn't go back to the Dark
Souls series that big a difference well
what I was about to say no no no sorry
I'm sorry
is that a lot of things that the a lot
of the reason I liked blood-borne was
because of the world and the atmosphere
which I didn't feel like Dark Souls had
it was all spooky but I prefer I prefer
like the the goopy gothic spooky to the
knights and Dragons spooky I've stubby
little arms for some reason it may be
why are my arms stubby
I don't know I don't know I don't want
stubby arms there's nothing I can do
about that and I can't I just don't
think I can help you
we're gonna work our way up I'm starting
easy we're gonna work our way up
okay do it do it
you can do it I believe in you doctor
loop it up says Jack had a rough guess
how many terabytes of storage
would you have last I checked I had
about 40 terabytes people always ask how
much poor and I have when I tell them
this do you get the same reaction I do
not get the same reaction I no one has
ever asked me how much porn I have that
might be that might be a red flag as to
what people think of you
doctor lube it up I think you have a lot
of porn that was easy
one counter any one perfect self Jack
you ghost it was the airlock of Hertz
ah the random room generation is fine
you did it nice and easy makes up for
the times you get fucked right if I had
to make a rough guess of how many
terabytes I have currently ghost ghost
ghost you did it rich yeah I would
probably say 40 see 40 to 60 terabytes
in my office currently we're doing
another easy one with all my different
hard drives and different setup
somewhere 40 to 60 terabytes not you
know maybe but it's it that's a rough
estimation that is a rough estimation
shit back there go get the ship that was
back there
where to go where to go emeritus what
secrets do you hold there are there are
ships that flash that have like a super
weapon in them I have been told oh 24
seconds
anything good to steal
I'll be fine I'll be fine
Oh eight seconds
just get out of there so I'm doing some
try to do oh the nice thing is
technically yeah I did not feel a
mission right because that you just have
to board a random spaceship
I've got a single cheap HDD right now
not satisfied with the speed could just
buy another HDD like it and do a strip
trade or might go SSD well if you're not
happy with the speed and go SSD and then
you know with your hard drive just make
sure that the read/write rates is it's
good enough 72 7200 rpm is you know I
think the fastest standard hard drive
spins or goes to holla'd state though if
you're doing a ton of reading and
writing I know solid states do have a
shorter lifespan which is crazy because
you know regular hard drives actually
have moving parts assassinate what sort
of weapon do you have well I guess you
don't need an assassination weapon
as once they're knocked down you can
look you didn't pause it yeah no I
didn't didn't know I know I didn't yep
I'm just gonna let it happen
what happens if you die in space just
gonna die in space I think I'm gonna
start fresh I think you done character
no no the time where you do it we're
gonna start fresh you do it you know
tonight we drink to mark effects off
lovin rich kind of sucks at this game
which isn't trying his hardest right now
rich is having some fun you know what
he's doing
learning them old ropes recharging
beside water I want that that's what
he's doing
learning down ropes this is this is
trust me this is fucking around this is
not giving it my all right now
Grimlock just says just joined the
stream what's this game all about this
is hotline Miami with some FTL
components to it so it's you know
top-down kind of a top-down twin-stick
but at any point during the game you can
pause and set up your actions all right
you get various missions to do things on
ships like my home base which mission
was this which was my mission here I
took up a mission to steal the vision
object whatever the fuck that is and
pretty much every mission so far has
involved flying from your base to
another ship that somewhere out in space
and then you you dock with the ship and
then you just have to complete the
objective and there's it's kind of a
stealth element you don't really want to
set off alarms and get captured yeah
yeah it's made by the same developers as
gunpoint but the thing that makes it
really interesting is this whole pause
mechanic see right now I'm trying to
dock and this is a little arrow thing
you might and the ship is turning which
is making this very difficult you know
if you just hold down right click you
just kind of like lock onto the ship not
well it just makes you hold the same
speed
I am this little dude down here yeah so
now what makes the game very interesting
is that any moment you can pause and
pick out things to do and you can pause
infinite pause and so you know he got a
quiet calm but I don't have like a
weapon and I'd like to not use ammo from
the quiet gun yeah you need a wrench
that's what you mean I guess I don't get
one until I kill somebody
yeah he's just got another gun
next time you're begging you're back at
the base buy a wrench they're like a
dollar usually
and so you see what Richard did there is
he paused the game he can aim shoot
someone and then like immediately after
he shoot someone he can pause again
immediately and set up all these
different things to do
so it's it's it's a game that's full of
possibilities
it doesn't always live up to them but
it's full of possibilities
alright see Arabic my goal was steal the
thing ya got the thing out of the chest
yep
I just killed the pilot I couldn't get
back on my ship and leave or I could
just fly their ship back home yeah
that's an easy one
Jack trigger Joyce no there's no rap
song that I know all the lyrics do there
are barely any songs that I know all the
lyrics do rap songs that would take a
bit you know yeah a little a little
super-hottie a little FTL II a little
hotline Miami II II a lot a lot of a lot
of melting pots once you've blended
enough things together that I think they
can call it their own thing yeah I think
so
it certainly doesn't play just like FTL
or just like hotline Miami you are just
like superhot it's kind of discount a
little melting pot I see you got a drop
off your thing there you go I dropped up
my finger got money and I got my rating
here who's a new liberation available
you don't care about that okay wait wait
wait is that don't take a mission yeah
go buy a wrench I got a sword a wrench
is also a non-lethal option do I care if
I kill them some of the missions require
anomaly found I'll buy a wrench
well I like that leftover beefcake
beefcake calls this an indie game
smoothie there's a lot of different
ingredients yes together like that I
like that a lot
the ship has no alarm that's good all
right so yeah here it tells us
submission details uh there's some key
card guards and there are guards with
guns and the boss is a card with a gun
so really easy there's got to be a
there's got to be a time limit a severe
time limit to this maybe it's too easy
right I don't believe for a second that
that's not a severe restrictive time
limit to this far too easy for even an
80 of media mission no sure guards with
nothing does that appear to be I
certainly see ryx I know that and I've
told her it's that and he still doesn't
care to do the that's one way to
assassinate someone just Ram your ship
into there I still don't care to what uh
you don't care to to liberate other
bases that gives you things in the shops
yeah I got all day I told him that he
has things there there are ways to get
more items in your inventory but he does
not listen exactly rake in TV what's
that what was that noise man so we just
hit something on our spaceship I guess
it was nothing go back to your normal
routine patrols
let's see here epic Jason X 9000 said
recently I've been watching The Exorcist
3 and it surprisingly holds up extremely
well
here's hoping that you guys will do a
review of The Exorcist 3 sometime soon
our IP William Peter Blatty I've never
seen Exorcist 3 season of the witch
long range swap Thank You digger blue I
had a lot of fun with that review I know
those are some favorite movies of Jays
and it was you know just fun to sit down
and talk to really have an excuse to see
some weirdo
some weirdo horror movies from beyond
holy moley what uh what a masterpiece of
be mover II of bouverie and and fuck man
40 just 45 minutes that was like a lot a
glut of an episode the reason we did
them both together so like you know how
also bundle em you know how your gun
takes a little bit to recharge you can
then you know like set your other
trigger to the quiet gun and so you can
go back oh yeah
I'm gonna die so much everyone loves
weirdo whores I think so I like him you
just done with that character he failed
you when they failed me who failed who
rich we all failed each other yeah all
right
I need to do a review with Mike I've
I've kicked around a few ideas Mike and
I are both fans of of certain schlocky
movies and so I'm sure there's something
I could do with Mike it's just never
come up right now you know I don't think
you like many of the same things me and
Mike I think we share some common
sensibilities I know usually usually
when J goes on and on about his already
farty bullshit I will usually side with
Mike about not caring about the
arty-farty bullshit let's for talking
about Pazuzu unless we're talking about
Pazuzu
pop pants that is basically the that's
the one sentence review for this game is
a fun concept wrapped in an really ugly
UI
Oh No let's see here
anonymous says hey guys in honor of
national edge day what
in honor of net national edge day an
ep's worth of sxe grind slash fast core
was recorded under the tentative name
rich x evidence would you have any issue
with a band name paying direct homage to
you thanks a weird
and a music do you do you think about I
do grind slash of fast core do you know
what that is you pick up a wrench you
wrench this free wrench right a sword
it's a free wrench
I don't give a shit but your sword has a
cool-down so you can sort someone and
then wrench someone and then sort them
the swords property Jack because it has
a very extremely short cooldown but it
doesn't have that much of a reach you
know it does the wrench III some
missions I exclusively use the wrench
ooh there you go
cloner get that key clone in action and
it's a national tragedy it's a rich yep
is it okay the band is called Richard
rich X Evans yes can I talk to my lawyer
first
yes I don't I don't know what the
potential consequences are like during a
stream with the last minute support I'm
sure sure if your music sucks or if you
sing about stuff rich doesn't like
irrevocably I'm gonna hear about a song
you do a week from now called
I love Hitler right you know why the
rich xfi the rich ak7 yeah yep that's
when your dickhead and we revoke any
rights so I don't know I don't know man
I guess if you're cool it's alright but
I know there you go
don't forget to pick up a wrench
free free wrenches rich free wrenches
you can get all the free wrenches you
want I can't I don't even remember the
idea was just the idea of like our
discussions of the best of the worst
table we just talking about bizarre
things and I came up with some bizarre
idea and a fam want to know if I they
had my permission if they could make a
movie out of my idea and I said well
makes over a million dollars I want my
cut yeah right yeah go ahead I don't
know what the future a story by rich
Evans screenplay by whatever your name
is how about that take my idea make you
know 100 million dollars off of it yeah
I don't want that you get story by
credit oh oh golly gee thanks that means
you get me if the story is by you you
get money rich you get money
Neal Breen eats yummy tuna yes answers
yes let's see here
Ayatollah of rock and Rolla - hello good
sirs I always felt a more realistic
ending to Star Trek four would be if the
whale double-crossed them and told the
alien probe to destroy humans in revenge
for torture and genocide thoughts you
know it's a shame that whale doesn't
have opposable thumbs
well well can't do shit well that whale
can't do shit that way that whales not
doing shit
so stuff you're not using so you put it
in your stash I can't make out there's
that 18 of 18 10 of 10 16 or 10 of 18
but both our 16 of 16 but they give you
zero cash and so if you hit C you send
it to your stash probably want to be
back
I never and I had never noticed that
Barbara Crampton was so talented Jay
obviously Jay has a deep and
never-ending love for Barbara Crampton
he you know his his uh Wilma Shannon
she's she's the main lady in Rihanna
meter okay and and also in from beyond
and JJ was incredibly complimentary of
her acting abilities which you know like
we're good she did a very good job I
don't know if I'd go and I didn't go as
far as Jays compliments but Jays a big
fan
probably probably she was his team his
team crush you can't get over your first
crush
I just need to rescue the guy I don't
need to do anything to fancy her
certainly see ryx i know i saw that
there was an update to tf2 recently new
maps new gameplay style we even got a
new source filmmaker short which is
amazing I actually tried to play the
other day but for some reason could not
get in a server to save my life
so I'm gonna try to pick it up I have
been playing it more recently I'm gonna
try to play it a little bit all the time
to hit up to a thousand hours because
I'm close I'm close to a thousand hours
and tf2 oh yeah just remember you know
do something pause right away stop and
think
so I probably needed to get here
diverse oh god how do I get to down oh
god this is gonna be a mess
I'm a tf2 noob is the game punishing for
novices it's it's an online multiplayer
shooter which means it can be but it's
also shit I wanted to do
well it'll hit him still I like it
though that's see that's the range that
people hear it in are you talking about
your swapper
shit
coulda used a wrench
it's a wrench
alrights when do you want to play your
rabbit game whenever whenever you're
done with this I want to see how far I
can make it more rabbit game I might I
got my butt handed me enough tonight all
right then we can switch over
no it's whichever it's a over to the
silly rabbit game all right what's it
called it is called um overgrowth
overgrowth OneNote word just messed
everything up okay I'm gonna change this
oh wait I'm gonna change that I got a
name okay cancel close what do you got
what do you got rich yeah you've
misspelled rabbit but yes what what you
said Reber silly rest misspelled it's a
typo well I wasn't anyone's I was being
specific on your typo that you miss
gonna think I don't know how to spell
rabbit what's the news on I'm working
n64 I have completely forgot about it is
the news in the n64 I'm putting together
a Raspberry Pi right now I'm retropie on
it oh I think we probably be able to
play Diddy Kong Racing I could probably
run it real easy
probably yeah oh you got really isn't
probably please scroll down sir just hit
play don't

[Part II]
just hit play don't ya okay of this all
right
okay couple things we need to do yeah
swap me oh sure swap me but I want that
mouse
okay so overgrowth this time the mouse
overgrowth is a game that I I think it
just fell to your right is the game I
first remember hearing about like four
years ago no I just need any any mouse
to to run the menus yep because if you
look it's already kind of out
just go full a window and here it is the
f4 screen there we go there's simple
water sure just to make sure texture
detail oh don't don't this game probably
doesn't free have problems will change
it I'd go with the non simple stuff
before I go with the simple I think I
think you owed to this game to try and
present it in the best possible light
Jack okay so I'm gonna click that
alright here we go
so like it like I was saying the first
time and then I'm good for hardcore
already already you're good for hardened
course I tried I tried playing what hold
on what are my options again I tried
playing in a in casual and it was a joke
and yeah I applied and so it's but it's
casual hardcore there's no like normal
they want you to feel good about playing
normal so they call it hardened so they
call it hardcore
there's nothing wrong with playing
normal it's called normal for a reason
right hardcore
so I remember seeing a demo of this
like I said four years ago something
nuts yeah and it seemed to have a really
interesting and unique combat system but
they didn't have any levels or enemy AI
yeah and it's been in early access for
ever and a day and today and it just
came out the other day and like I I've
had this on my steam wish list for so
long that I forgot about it nine years
right
of development yeah possibly I believe
that's what the center page
okay claiming to already have nine years
worth of mods backed up
the campaign is really short but there's
a lot of mods why is the campaign really
short man that's a great question man
that's a great question
the story is utter garbage and so I'm
just gonna do this cuz it does what is a
wait wait we have giant
realistic-looking rabbits I demand to
know what the story is oh you don't get
any clue to that right now we just have
to go to town to try to sell stuff
because we're a merchants
they're just furries probably yeah we're
like it's and you know what it's a
cool-looking model right and because
it's rabbit he jumps really high and
long oh and he gets stuck on stuff a lot
and you can like do walk you oh shit
I think you found them was he doing with
Walt you could you can do all jumps I
don't think I need to hear that's my
that's my first problem you can okay so
here's the kickoff of the stories we see
this guy beating up this other guy right
uh-huh and we say hey and that's it like
this but so it has this combat system
where there we go oh shit what I press
the wrong button oh fuck I'm still
remembering I was just playing earlier
today hey why is that jump Oh
hit start hi have you all fucked up you
have me all fucked up you know yeah I'll
tell you exactly right why you're not
using the controller controls right now
right now I when I play heat the
signature I got it set up to use the
controller but since you can't revine
keys and heat signature right that's why
I'm using controller because you know I
can't read by the cases when using
controller on the mouse oh but you can
use an X pattern I have all of that I
have all of that rebound
you can rebut you can rebind keys in
heat signature you can't use a
controller in Haiti yeah I just wanted
to use a controller to move around much
better going that's why I had X powder
Golan the keyboard one hand Mouse and
the other what I mean patroller on one
hand Mouse in the other that's how you
just got to turn off xpadder okay that's
eggs powder eggs batter it's not me it's
not you you weren't playing like shit I
just made you look bad at an accident
where's X batter
not even sure what it is right now wait
wait you just went by it okay how do I
turn it off
cuz like we use controllers often enough
for it where Hey knowing how to turn
this off would be really good I think we
just turned off weight well weight load
a new one look at letter new one and we
just won't bind anything that should
work right how do we load a new one I
think you shouldn't it's you where you
just turn it off right have you just
close it it was close it was close
yeah okay well hold on let's nope still
on and yep Scylla Oh No fuck you rich
fuck you royally how do you how do we
undo xpadder goddamnit
how do we just turn it off yeah
just go new okay
I see this let me see this I'll just
make up that should do it
see this rich rich rich rich Evans know
that I don't like it goes to wasd can I
turn that off
how do I undo you xpadder how do i how
do I get rid of you oh oh you know what
it what here let's do this wrench
no no getting here let's try this okay
that back yeah you can have that back oh
yeah okay first what we're gonna do is
we're going to delete this thing clicks
oh no
okay so no we're just gonna we're gonna
X out of this right okay but I'm sure
it's still running in the background and
so then if we control alt or if we go to
task manager control shift escape
somebody sang I bet it's still running
as a background program not as an app
probably but as a background process and
if we undo that there it is and that
task boom now theoretically if I hit
continue
I kind of love that rag doll oh the rag
gals get ridiculous there we go now is
it working fine no no it's working all
right all right I feel bad like look at
this that wall jump probably would have
work - oh yeah yeah please you can just
keep kicking them cuz I've killed them
and then you know what else you can do
you can grab and drag parts of his body
I think he's stuck on a bench though oh
he's stuck all right let's get through
this stupid-ass story I just saved them
from bandits and then he's like hey
there's more bandits over there can you
go over there so then I go over here and
he goes hey man there's bandits over
there can you go over there so I go over
here
like that's the whole story that's it
just fight bandits if I'd been slavers
they're slavers so there's not a there's
not an epic story there's not an epic
story to this at least not yet as far as
you know and we gotta do sneaky stuff
here twitch says we're playing heat
signature did you not I changed the name
I bet it forgot to do the other
full of rats
nope not over undergrowth just over glue
oh that's what you changed it to I
didn't change it though I'm in bed of a
stolen stolen mom than you all right we
should be good
silly rabbit kicks are for kids there
you go that's it now what's a pun silly
rabbit kicks are for kids
well are you dragging around which is
great cuz like you know like hiding
bodies I think is important but like
look you can grab by the foot you can
grab them by the hand you can grab by
the hello you this one well you're that
neat
can you jump with them okay jump with
them yeah that's a good question nope
you cannot jump okay go talk to this
dickhead oh there's more of them over
there like literally everyone just goes
oh there's go that way there's more of
them and it's kind of overall it like
overall it's kind of lame but it's also
kind of interesting because parts as the
combat can be really fun okay like
there's this whole counter system where
you're supposed to wait for your enemy
to Telegraph their attack and then you
like do a judo move and kick him while
they're down it's very cheap fighting
but it's satisfying because you're like
you just really like what you get a
sword and you just want to stab them as
many times as you can yeah to kill them
fast oh why should we care about this
game why should you care about anything
man oh it's no one it's weird what's the
problem what's the problem
is there anything other than rabbits
yeah look what you can do in this game
why should you care about this game look
yeah there's other things other than
rabbits movie faster thing this yeah oh
no I'm like jumping is like really
floaty yeah but it seems to make sense
for rabbits are there Ninja Turtles in
this game there I have not run into any
Ninja Turtles I'm not saying there
aren't any them there better be fucking
ninja turtles in this game
I just haven't run necessarily run into
you know so far I've run into rabbits
obviously wolves cats
oh yeah kick you while you're down oh my
god look at the mess yeah story sucks is
that a tail or just a texture that's
supposed to be a tail that's the tail
look this is really dunk edge is really
sure how does a rabbit tail you know and
this guy says hey my friends over there
can you go over there that's a new flips
it's weird it's a weird little game but
I'm I kind of dig it
I mean it's ugly look at him look at
that the character he's he's not
bad-looking
right whoo Jesus hey guys I wanted to
share a strange thought I had the other
day do you think that the Star Trek
universe Star Wars exists and is
remembered as a late 20th / early this
21st century sci-fi franchise why would
they remember it right it would just
seem silly to them once you have the
future technology people's portrayal of
what future technology might look like
can be acquaintances right right I'm
trying to think of a case like like you
know in the in the 20s all of the the
like airplane and spaceship stuff that
they had in like old Flash Gordon
serials is very silly to us metropolis
metropolis where biplanes people
commuting to work and biplanes drop
there you go Vega is a great example
weird weirder to me is that you have a
universe in Star Trek that didn't have
Star Trek in their 20th century that's
weirder to me do you is is there an
example this is something you might know
is there any example of them like having
a show that inspired them no not in
start because by the way that should be
a thing like like you said like you said
they should have had a Star Trek like
show or like as a kid I grew up watching
this and that's what made me you know
want to be a Starfleet captain or
something like that it's it's 200 years
out of date no by that point sure
and Chet thinks they had Galaxy Quest is
what they watched in Star Trek
it's great this is not bad
Star Trek discovery might have the
original series in its history
have you watched Star Trek discovery I
haven't watched luckily that's why I
still just watch the first two right so
though I still I still can't muster up
the appropriate amount of care oh I'm
sorry
we're gonna die I did a really shitty
job
dr. Luba tubbses my user name comes from
singing your do it up song while looking
for wd-40 sure it's your birthday rich
happy birthday let's not ever take today
but thank you
lizanne de says what do you call a fake
noodle and impostor ah
and a bet Jack you must press a to
unsheath your knife I didn't want to use
my knife why not
I'm fire fuck
if you oh he got mine if you unsheath or
if you if you have don't have your knife
out then you can do stealth kills if you
don't have it out if you don't have it
out okay and I wanted to do a stealth
kill cuz I'm hoping to take these guys
out and stealth cuz that's much easier
than fighting I thought you liked the
fighting sometimes it's alright
sometimes it's not so let's like shadow
of Mordor was that I mean I know what
that is but in what way you have the
stone we ran around big world and
relatively quickly you could run behind
something and stab it in the neck
that country's impaled himself on that
on that spike
he just picked up my knife maybe you
don't want to take out your knife then
like ever they're just gonna pick it up
and kill you with it seems like fairly
difficult combat it is it is it can be
very satisfying if I if I don't fuck up
hope you guys review shadow of war
prepare to be disappointed you come from
like it sometimes it seems like they
sometimes it seems like they're very
picky about when they when you have to
hit the can you not color that easily
oh if they have a knife and I don't have
a knife no I cannot count it anything
can you carve it at all what I hit you
with my knife look he has a knife in his
heart that rabbit had a knife in his
fucking heart I'm sorry I'm very sorry
I've made it much farther than this
throw my knife right at him
I don't know if you saw that I knocked
him down and then I just I him my
shivved him like the dickhead he was how
necessary are the microtransactions
foreshadow of war that's an important
question it's it's shit that they have
of them at all I'll agree with that but
are they necessary from what I have
heard is they're not necessarily the
game is just rather grimy without them
okay besides the point they shouldn't be
in the game I agree
brandy at the end to get the real ending
have I already seen everything there is
to this game yep yeah yep you have and
that's every story is delivered one shot
unedited and it's it's tedious yeah yeah
kind of creepy watching rabbits ship
each other kind of yes it's it's weird
and interesting like I said the combat
there is something there I wanted more
so I just wanted to show this I know
this is like a new game it's one of the
games that have been in development
forever and I wanted people to see more
of this game
none of this story matters fucking none
of it matters
oh there's a mouse person up here that's
a different animal there's all sorts of
different animals a mouse person oh ok
man eater manatee says mildly amusing
trivia the prevalent pink tone in from
beyond yeah probably a reference to the
fact that in the original short story
ultra violent tones become visible
because of the machine oh sure that's
fun we were talking about how much we
enjoy how much we enjoyed the color of
both reanimate ergo too much do it every
animator and from beyond there's the
wall running oh my god
andrey animator is very green and from
beyond is very is very pink and blue how
do they do healthfulness i don't know it
doesn't it never comes up is how they do
healthfulness you either die or you
survive to the next thing and then your
health doesn't matter so you don't do
anything to get it back
no just regenerates no but I mean with
every ok battle yeah so yes no you know
it's one of those those weird things
I am Chester says hi guys just saw the
last ring glad you liked the pie case I
sent I would recommend for starters the
YouTube channel ETA prime for learning
all the crazy game stuff you can do with
the pipe that channel shows a fairly
easy mod for that case that increases
its functionality with the pipe it is
something you may want to consider a
youtube search for Ness PI mod will
bring it up
Jesus Christ it took nine years well how
many people I'm sure not many what'd you
do the last nine years right you make a
game right
I'm sure this wasn't easy
most of the fish was shit apparently
they can also run through stairs
yes this is the Duke Nukem Forever of
rabbit games
yeah I'm hitting the counter button but
it doesn't you know I'm still and and I
have hours at least you know a couple
hours into this game and I'm still
unsure as to like when I need to hit the
counter button in order to do the
counter star do is fully 2d and I want
to say that took years and years and
years to make oh sure
remember one valve made in video games
nobody's that old
as we come down the stairs
baby hey just jump up there and I use
the stairs good
physician
get under the sirs
what random slo-mo from what I've heard
it has some sort of like bone
recognition system and so if you break
someone's neck it kills them instantly
okay
oh and here's a dog
oh oh well that that's not supposed to
happen
would you skip him out a window I might
have just won by kicking him out of a
window which would be awesome yes
wouldn't the health bar be nice
probably yeah I mean but really you know
also your poor health carrying over to
the next segment or you know maybe that
could give you some open-world things to
do where if if you have poor health you
have to search around the open world to
find I don't know carrot tea or some
shit like that I don't know
defenestration yes the act of throwing
someone or something through a window
but nonsense
more UI elements is never the answer
Oh posh you you people these days and
your anti hug shenanigans
I want useful information on the screen
you can go fuck yourself look one of the
one of the first mods I grabbed for war
of the chosen was an expansion to the
health bar that just gave more
information sure sure
there's nothing wrong with having
information on the screen I see what
their aim is and all sorts of useful
shit that I can ignore you eyes are good
you only think dead space got rid of the
heads-up display chat they didn't they
integrated it into the character model
but you still get the information you
need in a clearer and presentable way
the circles fill I've got the charge
this second use so the spines the health
bar I've got this much help sure sure
it still has an HUD or at least you know
it has relevant information that you can
disseminate and understand as those eyes
got blood on him
how much blood what that mean what is it
what does that mean how can I get rid of
the blood does it really matter and I
guess like that's the bigger concern
with this game is it just does not
matter because either you die and you
start over or you move on to the next
area and your health resets you know
hopefully everyone saw that fuckin
badass move I forgot all talking about
the headshot yeah you can throw swords
in this and that dog just threw his
sword right at my fucking head pretty
badass I try to do a little bit better
this time that's my goal I think the
point is though that with dead space you
still got the information you needed
yeah the Ghostbusters game they did it
with a proton pack with lights on the
side that represented health and and and
whether or not your weapon who's gonna
overheat but the information was still
there
it's not the vagaries of as screens
fuzzy and red was it mean what does that
mean specifically
took that dog
I beat his ass that's what I did
crocodile brain says guys I just want to
point out that boyhood took 12 years to
make yeah that's true also how much is
the bounty to get you to freaking play
death road to Canada in the spirit of
spookiness the spirit of spookiness
doesn't necessarily mean a lot to me at
the moment
no like in general or no oh this time I
caught his sword and I used it to murder
him I know there's another dog and it's
murder
satsang this could be the sake of Jimbo
the the samurai rabbit cartoon character
I don't know behind the name as written
die you saggy yo Jimbo it could have
started out as a fan game sure I don't
know what that is missus it the rabbit
answer to the Ninja Turtles there's a
character called you savvy you saggy yo
Jimbo okay Andy he lives in a world like
this only it's more cartoony okay
cool like this this is one of those
things where like you know game like
this a game like like heat signature is
one of those things where like if if
they could have given this bare-bones to
a studio who had like the resources to
turn this into something big it could
have been awesome like I think this is a
neat world I like the look of the
rabbits the combat is almost there
there's stealthy elements but it's just
not polished and there's not enough of
it and the level design is garbage and
the music sucks and the story sucks you
know like there's so many bad things
about this but it has that kernel of
goodness just give it to give it to a
big studio give it to someone to make it
good I'm sorry jack it's all right Chad
I know I know some of you might think
that you saggy Yojimbo is a spinoff from
the Ninja Turtles but it's not though
yeah just a crossover but the turtles
were so much more popular with than the
thing they were crossing over with
it's always assumed that you saggy your
Jimbo was from the Ninja Turtles sure
also I'm making my way pretty easily
through these levels only because I've
played them all just just to indie guys
kevin eastman and peter laird just just
give it a shout out to another indie guy
doing a karate animal thing
dick dick Dickie Dickie Dickie Dickie
Dickie dick all right I had a pretty
like I had a plan going and then ruined
annoyed at him shirk Huff Hardin says
good evening
I'm late to the stream so disregard if
it's already been said but I recommend
Patton Oswalt's new special on Netflix
annihilation I've heard very good things
the section at his late wife is very
inspiring
okay I've heard very very good things in
the same way that Street sharks extreme
dinosaurs by command all these different
things are copying ripping off the are
wholly original in no way ripping off
the TMNT I think you soggy you soggy yo
Jimbo was first I could be wrong
you suck in your gym was primarily an
indie comic I think
they do it
I just know nothing about you sake or
Jimbo yeah that's old school okay
manases after seeing glowing reviews for
a happen time I wanted the Leggett but
it looks like shovelware game for the
weave yeah are there any games that you
love in terms of gameplay but I hate how
they look drawn blends up pop my head
though I'm sure they exist you know
that's why for the longest time then
this is story I've told before so some
apologies if I'm repeating myself for
the longest time I stayed away from
spelunky yeah because I did not like its
cutesy cartoonish art style right well
you know that you're Indiana Jones guy
with the big hat and the big nose I
thought it looked super lame mm-hmm and
so I stayed away from it for a long time
only to discover this one of my favorite
games ever but that that is a game that
I put off I put on the that's gonna be
dumb garbage shelf for a long time so
okay that's that's what I got sultan
sanctuary thank you thank you Jeff that
is another really good example of a game
that has very solid gameplay but one of
the ugliest main characters you will
ever come across
I think that's a fine character what
Sultan Sanctuary guy big head
I think is this not a big open world
this is not a big this is in fact not a
big heart
it's the asset they had rich I think
it's just supposed to show that it's not
slippery the ice that I was on earlier
was slippery I've already been through
this level which is why I know where I'm
going
there's just a platforming section but
I've already been through this so I kind
of know where I'm going which is why I
threw it very quickly someone in chat
says it would have bought this and had a
nice big overhaul that's the thing
that's exactly the fucking thing give
that's right opportunity this this this
is one of the give it to him and give
this IP to a big old I mean that
depressing no cuz sometimes rich the
studio system works sometimes there is
strength in numbers you know I want
someone whose only job it is is to
concentrate on the story dagger
microtransactions that's the down side
that's its dagger we'll only costed 50
cents buy a pack of 20 24 10 that's the
downside but sometimes there are
strengths but you get 50 to 20 or you
can buy the seasoned dagger pass fur for
you know just $12 a month that'll get
you 10 daggers a day for a month
microtransactions it's the future it is
the futures here rich and you know what
the futures profitable villages that's a
consumer the futures profitable for some
motherfuckers
I know this this is a really neat idea
that is just just not not quite there
you know yeah should should this have
breath of the wilds claim anything
mechanics no cuz you're a rabbit look
you so jump I don't know if it needs
breath of the wild to climb anything
mechanics would it it needs an open
world it needs a little bit smoother
combat and it needs a story that I
fucking care about because as it stands
oh boy
is there any greater microtransaction
from pumping orders into arcade cabinets
when was the last time you saw an arcade
people have moved away from this because
they preferred spending the money just
to have the thing and use it as much as
you want this this reason that that the
Nintendo killed the arcades
way-hey
right but then they weren't they weren't
making quite enough money so what if we
what if we could take you know the thing
that people like and also make it like
the thing we like the arcade there I see
some of you smart asses in the chat you
know damn well any arcades that might be
near you are are purely fueled by
nostalgia
that's badass wolf I'll go looking off
chap fuck sonic Manny up okay I cannot
seem to do my dad anything is going
got my go-to rabbit move the guild
jumping cake
nope shutting down my jump kick I forgot
how I beat him last time
rich hell-blade let the fuck's our whole
blade
Tomcat 2096 s I recently listened to the
rlm wrote one commentary and rich I have
to disagree with you
rogue one shows how bold Star Wars has
become never has Star Wars been so great
I can finally take it seriously
Cass can prime says no not just money
yay money that wolfman's fucking
business jack this wolf is absolutely
fucking me out I know it is
I can see I forget how I defeated it
how about that I want a sword in your
fucking head
I put a sword in his head look there's a
sword sticking out of his goddamn head
and I don't know well you need a silver
bullet hit run attacks maybe not
can you just agree to disagree with the
wolf right
I'm trying my counters to make sure that
oh my god
that was fucking awesome death the ran
that wolf felt like a total badass the
rag dolls are pretty impressive who they
want you to kick him off the ledge some
stress oh okay alright I'm with you I
think those are fine strats did that do
it do that oh no denied but I I don't
understand how I'd necessarily one that
time but I'm gonna be okay with it I'm
gonna be absolutely okay with it
Raab strats mad rabbit strats that's
what I'm bringing to the game here
that's what I'm bringing to the world my
mad rabbit strats did you watch the
giant robot fight do they finally have
that real-life giant robot fight I think
so did they oh I saw whisperings of it
on the internet today who won where can
i watch this America America beat the
Japanese robot yeah that Japanese robot
of some high-tech shit
that American one was just a clunky joke
have you seen it no Japanese one has
like legs and hydraulics arms and
Technology and then the American one is
just a fucking hunk of metal that bed
pivots that works Oh a scripted garbage
well sure it was I'm sure they weren't
fighting to the death I know that but
you can have a system of rules with like
you know the robot equivalent of nerf
guns shooting at each other which is
what I assume they would do
the version they showed in Japan the
other robot one oh is that true they're
nice oh come on
lame
I'm not even gonna wash it then
if you don't if you don't know this is
probably some people who are confused I
don't explain things enough sometimes
there was this Japanese company that
made some kind of comically overpriced
real-life mech okay like you know
hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy
this fucking thing this is a robot you
get into it and working arms you can
steer and it didn't have legs but had
some kind of wheels and they did their
best to make it look like legs you know
would roll around and just some American
dudes they they like built their own
robot which was just cheap in comparison
they challenged his Japanese corporation
evade the fancy robot to a robot fight
that was years ago
uh-huh
so who won rich I haven't seen it I'm
being told it was super comically staged
and that there are two different
versions of the fight so they both won I
don't really know the details yet I am
literally just hearing that they
actually had the fight
oh I was trying to get fancy trying to
get fancy with it
I shouldn't uh that was the ending of
King Kong vs. Godzilla
how are the Emmys all of a sudden so
weak
right well I was sword and I'm catching
them all off guard with my sword I'm
doing a really bad job at the moment
yeah I had a I had a nice plan get my
sword out first by the way update I'm
hearing now on the chat that the two
endings thing was just bullshit made up
by the chat chat god damn you
so I'm doing a little bit of
strategically sneaker tude you know like
if if they don't see the attack coming
and I hit him twice with this sword and
they go down is that the official
stealth kill yeah you know what it is
it's the kill that kills the defective
is what it is yes and so I'm going to
count it there's a guy over here
can we play death road to Canada tonight
nope it's on ste what's the deal of that
is this game so get a practical joke
this is frog fractions no it's it's
supposed to be cute I think maybe even
good I just I just don't care about it
it's been requested more than once and I
know very little about it oh I like I've
seen a little bit about it I've heard
all right I like I haven't heard
anything bad about it okay well fine
fuck you
your sword break Wow I don't think so I
don't think so
I looked into tooth and tail tail looks
like like a really amazing art but a
game that we wouldn't necessarily enjoy
because it's a real-time strategy issue
but it's it's about you know
anthropomorphic mice who do adorable
things so it looks adorable but I don't
think that's a game that we would ever
get into because neither rich and I are
huge on RTSs is this game gonna carry us
through the night
yeah I do want to see if I like how far
I can get with it well you got fuck
didn't you parent Liam how did I do this
before
oh I remember I remember
what's the word in Space Quest - you
guys ever gonna plant never Jack wants
to it's fine by me
shit
I did it wrong oh I did it wrong I had a
whole plan and I did it wrong did we
beat the first one in one stream where's
that two streams maybe two streams
now it's on
get them out of the wait dingleberry god
I got the one grab this one damn
sometimes I think I got it and then I
don't oh shit he saw me this thing oh
great great
the enemies are learning
I got them it's more over here
so there there aren't full-on stealth
takedowns is it quiet till and nobody
notices they don't do that
uh-oh how about that trident No
damn dogs right the dogs find the
rabbits to be inferior creatures and so
they that's why they're okay enslaving
the rabbit folk do they eat them
maybe it's alluded to already it's not I
don't know I've really haven't been
paying attention to the story that much
why was the wolf wearing no clothes
that's a great question
all the other animals seem to be wearing
clothes that's a great question
doesn't this get repetitive yes true
blue review says after trying it out I
would actually recommend getting Super
Mario run
it's really good for a mobile game and
while the free version is just a demo
I'd rather played $10 once than much
more over time you know like like I said
when I talked about I like it's alright
mister my run is it's a it's a it's a
runner on a mobile platform but it's
alright sands of time Shahir yeah this
is like a high for me a lot of times it
is pretty good
I happened to have done this before so
that's why I'm making it through fairly
great right
great this guy yeah
we're finally getting to the point where
I haven't been in the game yeah so I
think I got past this the next part and
then I put it down okay so oh man I love
senses that there's a lot of really
decent things about the game but like
you know for example I had a sword at
one point I had a I had that spear I hit
I had weapons and I can't choose to take
with me are you kicking the rabbit yeah
well they're like a rabbit assassins or
the bad guy rabbits okay
and happen to your Thord that's right
that's what I'm saying that's what I'm
talking about like I couldn't I can't
choose to keep my stored so I have to
pick up this dickheads knife okay
shit
so now I've two knives shit can you kill
him one or more of them yep but now he
has two knives it's no the other one
sorry rich
you led me astray I did I did you don't
have to listen to me that's true
I'm just wondering if you can do things
that's all I don't know how this game
works I don't know the rules I guess I
guess that's my real problem I don't
know if I fully understand the rules
either yet
I don't nothing about your rabbits
like I'm not sure how I choose like what
enemy I attack and when now this is a
good movie he's kind of running jumping
cake except for when you run into a rock
maybe casual on this isn't that bad
seems to get harder yeah yeah I just I
know I made it through a lot of it so
fast right like there I just killed
three people that time rich and Jack do
a review on Steam versus gog gog is
better as long as the game was available
there you go we talked about that a
while ago doing just like a like a these
are the problems with steam episodes
down the only way i want to hear it
again just sound like bitching for the
sake of it right so you know I had those
cool like those two cool daggers and
they're gone and I can't choose to keep
them I would have liked to keep them why
is GOG better because you don't have any
DRM you don't need to be logged into GOG
to play the game you bought on gog gog
gives you the option of just downloading
the whole installer for the game which
you can put on a disc back it up
wherever the fuck you want to back it up
and then you're gonna install it
whenever the fuck you want without
getting the Internet's permission first
it's completely drm free if if gog ever
decided to call it quits you would still
have your game and the same could not be
said about steam they mostly do older
games and I'll tell you another way
they're better when steam does older
games sometimes they don't bother making
it run on modern systems there's nothing
for ya that's on there yeah you worry
about it GOG when they put it when they
put an old game on GOG then make sure it
runs on a newer system that's pretty
good plus quality company quality
company consumer friendly and this in
this era of the microtransaction the the
online nanny publisher log into your
account and then we'll let you start at
the game well that shit
whatever happened to the first four
hours oh we just haven't done one in a
while yeah I think it's dead
no not dead yep haven't haven't done one
but I prefer all my games in one place
then just put a install the game from
GOG and then just put a link to the
executable on Steam that's really that
easy
sure or they have GOG galaxy which is a
steam like client for GOG sure but you
couldn't run all of your games from that
I assume probably just the GOG games I
don't know if there's an option to put
links to other things in GOG galaxy sure
I don't know if they have that yet or
ever or maybe they have it now and I
just don't know about it I don't know
keep trying to jump kick move
Derrida
that was satisfying you know you do the
the judo flip and then kick them in the
balls I'm helping the rats now for some
reason do come let's G oh geez and
return policy you know the the problem I
think most people would find is that you
know more games are on Steam the return
policy is unlike steam you actually
fucking owned the games you shut up yeah
not really an answer well it's an answer
in the sense that I I find actually not
having the DRM far more important than a
return policy which is gonna have
limitations anyway like two hours or
something like that
two hours of yeah I mean how often do
you return a game on Steam how often
does that happen I don't think very very
rare I don't think I ever have I you
know cuz for me I know a lot of people
you know I've never gotten a game off of
steam that was so broken that it was
unplayable like oh I've had a lot of
games that I just thought were bad but I
don't necessarily think that's a
returnable offense
the the return policy matters so little
to me compared to actually having
drm-free product it is many times worth
it to have a worse return policy but to
not have to worry about anything after
the fact taking that way we decided we
can have micro transactions now but it
hasn't I've been an update whatever the
fuck kind of weird thing they want to do
or you want to reinstall that game you
bought on Steam your leg but for some
reason it's not on their servers it's
gonna be some kind of issues of that
down the line that's where I don't have
that problem with GOG executables that I
have downloaded and backed up sure
which no one cares as much about DRM as
you do that's right and that's why when
the axe finally comes down I'm gonna be
the only one who still has access to my
games yeah the correct okay so the
correct ending to that sentence is no
one cares as much about DRM as rich does
yes we might never we might never come
to that day where we're you know like
we're you know where Steve shuts down oh
sure sure but if we do then everybody's
gonna care about
oh joy no DRM and the 20 year old games
gog sells like like The Witcher 3
yeah ninety ninety eight percent of the
games they have are either older or like
you know Indy kind of things like dabs
assuming dead cells might be available
on GOG if not that specifically games
like that sure the kind of games you
find on GOG yeah yeah
look if everything came to GOG I would
not bother what steam yeah yeah yeah all
right that's what you know what
absolutely fair absolutely fair well and
you know what competition is good
competition is good for steam check out
GOG make sure you know it dot IO if you
want really weirdos small indie games
Humble Bundle yes even though they give
you steam keys but you know make sure
you're going to different places for
your games just to keep steaming in line
ain't nothing wrong with a little
competition Humble Bundle is now sold to
IGN unless that's interesting news all
right
that is interesting news
AGN
I don't even know i GN was still a thing
why is it interesting what will change I
don't enter that anything will change it
just I didn't know that it's okay they
own them now like I said it interesting
just cuz I haven't thought about IGN in
forever yeah - anything know that we're
still around right when their day when
IGN was exclusively Nintendo 64 related
news is that true who I want to see when
they first started there was something
like that
sure why not man why the fuck not
problem IGN buying Humble Bundle is that
they review gamers how specifically is
that a problem that's a good question so
unrelated to trusting IGN for reviews
just saying how is that specifically
them owning Humble Bundle a problem
because they do reviews one would okay
so here's a hypothetical and this is not
my argument let's say they charge more
for games that they give positive
reviews I'm stretching here which I'm
trying to think of a way that would be
bad I don't know I don't I mean they
could be selling a game so they'll say
yeah it's great but why would you trust
a gn4 reviews of the first place they're
already reliant on the advertising
dollars and the access granted to them
by by like EA and other big publishers
they're already compromised right why
would you ever trust an IGN review
why do you trust them anyway isn't a
good defense it's not really a defense
this is like it's like somebody who who
who deals crack is now also dealing
heroin and all right well they still
suck nothing's really changed
which thoughts on former uncharted
creators studio being shut down and e8
changing the star wars gang colinear
to something more open I don't give a
fuck what they do it's Star Wars what do
you mean about the Uncharted thing
talking about Naughty Dog have they
closed down Naughty Dog which I would
highly dump very profitable game series
very expensive at this point
rabbits can't swim rich they shut down
this role what they connected than
Uncharted I don't know what they did for
Uncharted imagine that we don't care
about Uncharted just imagine that for a
little bit which I you know they were
making a Star Wars game with an
uncharted leg gameplay oh god oh god
rich oh but they got shut down
thank so a button prompt Massacre but
with the Star Wars story yep
it doesn't bother me that this shut this
down I don't know why they did though
starwars i'm cherdon probably would have
made a fucked on money right financially
I think it's a blunder it would have
made a fuck ton of money
well I'm lat unless it was just costing
them too much in development it would
probably be a better movie than the last
Jedi we haven't seen the last Jedi yet I
said probably
like like ei ruins and other studio is
that is that any kind of shock there
hatchet men
is there any any game development studio
that has been acquired by EA and then
thrived has this ever happened
that's a great question what are game
studios that have been acquired by ei
EIO are currently dying Maxis what do
they do
there's some City The Sims oh yeah
remember that the big SimCity debacle
which big city oh yeah yeah yeah always
online YUM
there you are
are you saying ëi is working houses go
to die no I'm saying it's where they can
consume go to die means they were before
and
okay this is where I left off I just got
blow darted okay so now I'm gonna wake
up this is now all in all new to you
this is all now all new to me I think
this game is not good but I also like
certain parts of it so now you care
about the dialogue huh Oh amethyst is a
cat we've been amethyst is one of the
evil leaders and she's a cat and if this
is a cat are you gonna team up with her
now if you've both been captured by some
Mouse
oh wait we have to fight well maybe if
you listen to what she had to say yeah
pick it up
I think I'm gonna love the goofy ragdoll
right
what's your favorite game through this
year um what-what came out this year
that's that's always the problem I don't
I don't pay much attention to the
arbitrary cutoff of the year right is
the problem yeah oh yeah what can I
handle and stuff stuff came out this
year
Mario rabbits very good as new vanquish
well that was that wasn't really a new
game I don't even know if you can count
war of the chosen the XCOM expansion
those on the breath of the world
oh yeah breadth of the wanna there you
go Friday 13th is pretty good too oh
there you go plenty of contenders home
for pound I you can make an argument
that I've gotten more enjoyment out of
Friday the 13th yeah yeah yeah alright
which president well
so rich why is it that you hate breath
of the wild exactly exactly
great
panty party up there up there chat sign
horizon zero dawn Jack let's uh even
that versus Zelda I might go like it's
tough because I really dug the story of
horizon zero dawn but that doesn't even
come close to comparing to the amazing
gameplay of breath of the pilot
she wouldn't rub the mouth huh horizon
zero dawn
I know fur for lack of mouse controls I
might like the combat horizon zero dawn
more absolutely for the lack of mouse
control the combat is better the story
is better but the exploration of breadth
of the why like I think the the gameplay
as theme but-but-but-but-but zero Dawn's
an open world zone isn't there
exploration there there is exploration
but it's not themed as well yeah it's
not it's not the same it's not really
interesting things to find right don't
have that magical what's around the
corner feeling okay
you know this area is gonna have
seventeen of this icon for that icon map
fishing and a lot of it yeah yeah
XCOM - was late last year good question
I think that was late last year
you might be right was the year before
time just flies
and don't don't ask me for 2016 don't
ask me to choose between an ex-con doing
do like I can't do it I absolutely can
do it so it's just the opposite of a dog
pit oh nice yes
you win you win everyone all right I'll
tell you this much I'll tell you this
much nothing that came out this year
I know breath of the wild came out this
year nothing that came out this year
compares to doom or XCOM to
okay rich do you like cake or pizza more
you haven't pizza no question absolutely
no question it's Pizza Pizza no question
by like a thousand times
I'll take I'll take subpar pizza over
good cake I agree with you okay I had to
think about that I wasn't just gonna
throw that out there like you did
I keep kicking them somewhere
how'd he kill about pineapple on pizza
fuck you
terrible fuck you you know the answer to
that it might be new there might be new
we've had this company we have had this
conversation not a fan of the pineapple
pineapple belongs on cake cake that you
won't eat because your pizza because by
the way pineapple does not belong on
cake
shed we've had this conversation on best
in the worst and I just really yeah
we've talked about that ice cream
pineapple if he's not the best of the
worst
yeah yeah crazy maybe it wasn't a you
episode maybe is just me and Jay
Oh what this whole area down here
I keep them into the lava so far it is
not working
right
didn't we won and I didn't do anything
let's find you one that's the important
fucking thing if you've all kosher dill
pickles and coffee you mean together
gross I like pickles and I love coffee
how does it feel how does it feel when
you ate that giant burger did it feel
like food went in your mouth it felt
like food one in my mouth Vera burger
was comically large I did not finish it
uh-huh but honestly honestly it was a
good burger it was it wasn't crowded
they didn't slam a whole bunch of shit
on there it need to be on it meat bacon
mayo and cheese I mean right what else
heat and that was good that was good
Mayo you are dead to me ass suck it up
no mayo and a burger is the greatest I
don't know what you're talking about
but mayo on a hamburger is wonderful it
is it is it adds it adds depth and to
the meaty flavor it's wonderful it's
perfect so no no man that's you you've
got problems Mayo is a natural
complement to be central sir except as
obviously it's their first stream okay
of all time they want to know if if we
play any mmo's no I do not play animos
but yeah so that's an easy
No
which is massively singleplayer that
that is flirting that is a fantastic way
to put it and it is absolutely true
massively single a massively single
player with a few notable it's a few
notable exceptions shit
rocket League and f/13 Friday
surely blue roses your IGN talk reminds
me of giant bomb the site made when
GameSpot veteran Jeff Gerstmann
Gerstmann was fired for giving a mech
review to a sponsored game it's very
good despite becoming a gang GameSpot
sister site so so he left GameSpot to
form Giant Bomb and then Giant Bomb
ended up becoming a GameSpot sister site
yeah that's it's kinda sad
yeah you don't you don't trust the
people reviewing games when literally
95% of the revenue comes from the people
who make the games that's a problem
the revenue and and almost isn't
probably more importantly their excess
right like you know there's a this whole
other issue where you know imagine
imagine if everybody had to wait until
the game came out to review it imagine
how different the world would be the
world of reviews yeah well alright not
just that just but previews of upcoming
movie look behind the scenes in the
studio know here the latest details from
that game that's coming out in two
months that kind of shit - oh yeah it's
a good point
we were invited into the the Bioware
studios take a look at the upcoming Mass
Effect Andromeda Oh an old boy it looks
amazing and then the Mass Effect didn't
do what a game comes out today 8 out of
10 oh we had some minor issues but a 7 8
out of 10
be people feel guilty now to be fair and
this is something I've said before I
don't think that there is a there is a a
specific and spoken quid pro quo mm-hmm
I don't think like anyone who's stupid
enough we don't really need it
exactly it's just kind of obvious you
know what your breads getting buttered
yeah yeah and so and so you know that's
why I add very least like you know a bad
game is a seven I I knew never to go
down that road I mean there were
perfectly nice 4-axis offered to send us
I forgot which game it was what was this
the seven space the seven space game
they made yeah and it's like I thought
about it all these people are really
nice too they're offering to give us
this game oh yeah what if I don't like
it I feel - all we can't do this we
can't do this yeah and there's nothing
they said that was horrible
they just offered us they really just
offered us an early early access to the
game you it right okay they were trying
to be nice yep
beyond our thank you chat
oh fuck run button
but they were requiring or reviewing off
you we jump
I don't think made no I think they just
said hey would you like a really comfy
they knew we were fans and yeah yeah and
there's just that was too far for me was
like oh no I can't do this no event like
yeah they were just being nice yes no no
they they did nothing sinister in fact
they did you know what everyone wouldn't
reviews games doing hourly copied
you need to be unattached it's piece of
shit fucking piece of shit I don't feel
bad about it
not quite

[Part III]
I'm not quite sure how to fight in
groups or you know fight groups yet to
feel like at this point in the game is
something I really shouldn't
does this game have useful moves other
than flying kick or as Jack just really
into that moon Jack well okay so there's
no moves in the game there is a TAC jump
counter and roll that's it like there's
no moves as far as I'm what's the jump
attack so like what I've been trying to
do is jump and kick but like that move
right there yeah which is a very
powerful move well it seems to get you
out of harm's way
right and and it you know it's a move
that I can do while well I move very
fast
is it fun to keep food like that to be
90 percent of your moves that's an
interesting question and how playable
was the game if you don't do that we
don't likely are you to get your ass
kicked oh well don't do that and that's
the thing we're it's like I'm taking on
all these guys now and I'm just trying
to counter and it's really fucking tough
but the jump kick is not but the jump
kick yeah see like look that I can do it
and get out of the way really it's it's
a I need to I need to be doing a that
way I need to be doing a mixture of both
but if I do a jump kick ones then that
will separate the group and it's really
hard to fight in a group
is there a list of moves somebody's
saying there's no moves
there's no moves there's a tack
as Jackson absolvo game with a meet
martial art system but seems better than
this this game reminds me of absolve err
with animals that might be the same of
dev company
do you have a circle sweep kick I plague
people do this
does this have a prequel I don't know I
keep winning a circle sweep kick that's
some kind of joke that I'm not getting
because I'm assuming this is a new IP
they they have a couple other games and
one looks very similar to this another
one has rabbits okay okay but yeah okay
yeah they really like yeah yeah like big
human you know what I'm saying no see
like here's I'm crouching attacking and
it's not it doesn't do anything
there is only attack not like moves it's
not like a brawler it's it's more akin
to to the Arkham games where you just
kind of have to press the attack button
the devs are outspoken furries are they
really
I mean furry stuff usually more cartoony
I guess I'm not sounds like Bugs Bunny
but like with tits
like isn't this just flat-out what you
get to this point this level of realism
isn't that just bestiality right like
Lola yeah but saying bit bugs money what
tits is funnier I had to go with the
comedy on that one it's less funny work
like five people remember who lolo
rabbit is
move list shows a sweep kick there's a
move list reading things
is there a menu can you go to go to
controls
input
the wait there's a slow motion button
throw pickup item equip on you know like
that's it they don't even have a tack
here rich
they don't even show it out they don't
show the mouse once right if there is
I'm opening up a thing
just like AB hey what game is this I
don't know what this games for this is
for their other game I think this is
this game oh wait available and over go
oh well this is that's overgrowth alpha
okay okay now now go
okay so roll wall jump right wall run
lights grab drop a weapon she switch
hand holding weapon I attack and defense
okay left mouse button this punch kick
throw a weapon we know slash while
holding a weapon active block chokehold
yeah I've been doing that okay you know
when I sneak up behind him
oh that's the still thing the leg can
and I do a lot sweep welcome oh okay so
there is a sweep trip trip so if I
attack while crouching
right right no you can only attack when
people are around
but I'm pressing the attack button by
the way that would have been really
that'd be it would be really helpful if
you could just attack at any time
you did a check you did it huh
my big dummy a big dummy is what I am
rich
well I'll have our big dummy moments
Jeff I've made it through enough of the
game where I just don't think it's that
big a deal
kick off the wall jack I have never seen
this game before and I am so sure you
can kick off the wall yeah I've been
doing that now it'll run off the wall
but a kick off the wall
as you're dogging young
Dola hecka says evening gents did I hear
right it's rich Evans birthday happy
birthday old man what are you 40 your
ancient what was the depression like
signed by Bill who just turned 39 last
month
we'll get there too motherfucker
you'll get there too
see like four there did something like
pretty cool where I like I threw my
sword at the one dog and then I jump and
kicked the other dog into the rushing
water a pretty fucking bad ass
there are some things about this game
that are fairly badass and then
somebody's bad
none of us says Jack pear-shaped man is
even freakier when you realize the story
about mr. Lincoln that that might help
you recover by making it funny right
yeah there's a lot there's a lot in
there I think Jack's trying to avoid
spoilers not a fella
all I want to say is it's creepy and
it's it's a it's a powerful creepy if
you weren't here earlier jack read a
short story written by RR martin george
RR RR martin that supposedly is creepy
as fuck
it made me incredibly uneasy as it's
supposed to it was part of the it was
part of the the ghost box which is a
collection of short stories and so the
purpose of that was to make me feel
uneasy and it did its job you guys be
playing the new south parking no media
plans do I just don't care about set
apart well works fine or made the show I
have not walked I haven't I haven't seen
that much of it but what I've seen I
enjoy yeah like I haven't watched it in
Oh
at this point a decade and I saw like I
just I just don't care about it you know
I don't know if I have anything against
South Park I just don't care
it's off hurt and Bob's Burgers they're
both fine shows both fine shows
yeah yeah
I'd have no I think I might have seen
one episodes of Bob's Burgers Bob's
Burgers is quality yeah for an animated
sitcoms quite subdued sure right
down-to-earth Bob's Burgers yeah for I
mean I didn't hate it yeah like I said I
just I can't tell you the last episode
I've seen of South Park and so I was
like you know I I've heard their games
are fine but I just don't care that much
about it I'm not going to start a South
Park beef
circum kicks that do anything why does
everyone love Rick and Morty because
it's funny look I know it was supposedly
Rick and Morty fans they're assholes now
but you can find stupid ignorant awful
fans for just about everything that's
true Rick Rick and Morty is some funny
shit and and as a a cynical man it
speaks to me it speaks truths
why are Rick and Morty fans assholes now
because of Xiao chuan sauce Shay's the
ones that's fresh one sure you know
there's no consonant in there that would
make it make that sound
chuan sauce
I've never seen Rick and Morty did
someone say cynical it's the most
cynical show on television
why is Richard cynical man because
cynics are usually ripe
yeah today here's the here so here his
skeptics probably a more reference says
cynics and skeptics are usually right
while also doing nothing to help how
about that can't make you know like
cynics are usually right just because
they're like now not that's not gonna
work that's not gonna work and that's
dumb too my job is done not helping
anything
what about a skeptic who who takes down
con men huh takes down frauds oh sure
sure is that what they're doing that's
what James Randy's been doing for oh no
I recorded 14 years no reg amorites is
cynical yeah I like Brigham Morty but
this point it there is no inherent
meaning to the universe but we need to
you can't just keep doing that over and
over again I get it right it's true when
I get it but it's gonna get repetitive
yeah
I think I have an idea I think one time
she threw a thing at me
there we go there we go
the difference between a pessimist and a
cynic is a pessimist is going to say
things are definitely certainly bad and
everything's horrible a skeptic is gonna
be like hello no we have to take a
closer look this very well could be
horrible I'm not gonna jump on this
bandwagon just yet let me examine this
closer that's the difference
learned if I'm trying man I'm trying to
get past it I know it's it's tough when
you're when you're dealing with any wet
enemy with weapons and you don't have
one it's getting the timing right on
your on your counter is really difficult
and I don't quite understand how my
counter works even though I've been
playing this game for a while now yeah
which should tell you what you there we
go there we go some someone in the chat
is saying you you have to make your own
meaning your own purpose and in Rick and
Morty looking at no one's looking
looking at Rick and Morty that's the
thing that Rick isn't doing he's not
making his own purpose he's not finding
his own meaning he has just found
meaninglessness yeah all right and the
character of Rick is not a very happy
person right
I have a decent plan going here but I
haven't been able to do it right yet
a cynic doesn't believe a good chance of
faith a pessimist doesn't believe and
good I'm not a pessimist well as far as
whether or not I'm a cynic what is what
is good chance what do you mean don't
believe it can't but does have you be a
pessimistic cynic cuz I don't believe in
faith I see zero value in thing yeah
blind faith specifically but what does
that mean good chance but it's what does
business but we mean we mean read it
again I don't know a cynic doesn't
believe in good chance or faith and the
faith part for me blind faith I see
absolutely no value I think blind faith
is useless you know and and if anything
detrimental but I don't understand the
good chance part of app that's
definition
how does the fucking counter work that
you don't believe in faith but what
about bravery how would this two things
related that's a great question
oh shit not dead I'm not dead these two
things are absolutely not related yes
yes you can be brave
faith I see is just just sticking your
fingers in your ears and closing your
eyes and telling yourself the thing you
want to believe in is I see no value in
favor I did it this time I countered her
I don't understand how to counter system
works rich and it's really upsetting to
me what about faith in your friends
that's not blind faith I've known my
friends for decades and decades and
decades I don't have blind faith and
Karen who I have also known for decades
and decades and decades it's a different
thing that's not that's not what I'm
talking about that's that's you have
experience with these people and you
know them that's not the same thing as
blind faith things are gonna turn out
right that's blind faith Inc but what
would make you think things are gonna
turn me any reasons to believe things
what about faith in your heart that's
just a lot of gobbledygook that means
nothing
rich were you always an atheist no but I
was probably always going to be it cuz I
think I think it was inevitable that
when I got older I was gonna start
questioning things Jack okay
all right where we at here endo crumbs
says how are there all these different
types of dogs and cats in a world
without humans to selectively breed them
that's a fine question I'm gonna bring
that up to Jack when he gets back that's
a fine fine question
rich delete this game I can't do that I
can't do that we're to do them to this
and we're doomed to this for the rest of
the day it's just it's gonna happen and
we need to accept that there'll be a
different game next time
good chance I'm ash all right
unqualified Barda saying sorry good
chance I meant you don't believe in
unlikely chances of good example an X
come you don't see a 75% chance to hit
you see a 25% chance to miss okay yeah
that's just that's just being smart
taking into account that things can go
wrong I guess I guess I am fully a cynic
then and not just a skeptic if you want
to draw some kind of line between the
two
rich will you be skipping the I'm
assuming the Justice League movie is JLA
I'll probably have to see it for work
the analogue kid that's a fine coming
saying put a Star Wars coat of paint on
it and the game becomes an instant 8 out
of 10
seventy-five percent to hit or 25% to
miss can it be both it it is but in okay
in terms of X come you're a fool not to
plan for the bad yet unlikely outcome
you were right in the middle of thought
I had to go to the bathroom to interrupt
yeah yeah okay so here's my issues with
skepticism okay
there is absolutely nothing inherently
wrong with being skeptical okay I think
there is something wrong with putting
skeptic first with putting skepticism
above everything else like anything like
if if you like I I might I might have an
issue with someone who just calls
themselves a skeptic because that is
because of politics I don't want to go
over there if this is anything isn't
gonna get into politics and sjw's I
wasn't planning yeah okay okay okay no
no I think I think someone someone who
calls themselves like a skeptic over
everything else means they are always
looking for the bad and things no matter
what Jackass saying he hates me hey rich
I'm saying I disagree with your point of
view
okay which you know I am because I think
that closes off the door to a lot of
positivity and as you know I'm a pretty
positive person and so if you are always
looking for the bad you're more likely
to find it and I think that leaves
certain doors closed to people there's
nothing wrong with being skeptical but
I've found it more suiting to be
positive even a little naive just
because that also leaves you open to -
how do I want to put this - fun
surprises
alright so under cram of the chat had a
tip here okay
sure how are there are all these
different types of dogs and cats in a
world without humans to selectively
breed them and I thought that was a very
good point
sure sure where'd you get a pit bull
from they should all just be wolves well
what if they you know what if they're
super racist dogs and cats and they
started selectively breeding amongst
themselves but that's the thing though
if they were totally racist they would
all just want to remain wolves and they
wouldn't be selectively breeding
themselves to be anything up a little
bull no but like they they started to
get super racist so they said only the
wolves with the short noses have to be
together now and bla bla fucking fucking
shit it's just a dumb shit how where's
where's my realism
oh no and like I said guys I'm not I'm
not uh I don't wanna I don't want to
shit over being skeptical there is
something very healthy with skepticism I
what I worry about is someone who puts
like I said who puts skepticism above
everything who someone who puts
skepticism above hope is someone who's
never goes this I'm making a general
statement someone who puts skepticism
above hope is never going to achieve
anything beyond negativity is it mais mo
of my we view is
jay-ar our love crafts as young rich the
glass is never half-full it's always
completely full half full of water and
half full of arable that's true that's
very true yeah oh that was it knows it
great
Jack you are describing a cynic sure
sure I think there's a Mossad same coin
there's so there's some Venn diagram in
there I think what you're describing is
a pessimist I think that's all part of
the Venn diagram I think I think there's
some crossover there
what I just seen the chest someone's
using somebody called me dude
she the dogs be relatively dog size
compared to the rabbit
shouldn't it be giant bigger you could
have like a boss fight that's just
against a dog ha ha
a giant dog
and the meteor oh one of the dogs died
necessarily know how
that's not how fairy book works rich
see with the Wolves that your only
tactic is the jump kick
wolves you can't hurt this is that
planet from mom and dad's saved the
world thousands of years in the future
shocks anyone remembers that movie I'm
trying to what is that mom and dad
saving the world
mom and dad just normal frumpy couple
become heroes in this outer space world
of like an evil empire of space alien
idiots hmm
led by what was his name the guy from
the critic John Lubbock Jon Lovitz was
the bad guy all right he was like he was
like he was like you know Emperor Ming
was like a Flash Gordon said he was just
a moron
what Jon Lovitz mystery Garland oh yeah
Jeffrey Jones with a mom and dad so
that's gonna be uncomfortable to watch
in the future oh you know in a minor
role so you know like that's that's the
Ferris Bueller Prince all right
he's the hero yeah for like ten minutes
so you can you can forget about that but
hey in how uncomfortable jeffrey jones
uh did he get caught with a computer for
like kiddie porn I don't know the
details it's enough isn't that it was
enough yeah it was big oh oh okay
I think I think he got caught with child
pornography on his computer like a whole
bunch what happened
I just Star Trek the motion picture
ruined because of Decker's actor I don't
know that I've watched the movie in its
entirety since hearing that
so I which one which one Star Trek the
motion picture yeah what actor Decker
the the guy who merges with alia in the
end okay to form a new life-form job
oh and he had a similar thing we're yeah
he's now supergirls yeah gotcha gotcha
that's right I have a sword
it's dead check she was the big bad boss
I needed to make sure she was dead
I forgot and cephalo pathetic I've
completely forgot I had a sword I'm sure
this has probably been covered buddy you
guys aware that Star Wars that nine is
being held by Abrams now yeah no how am
I supposed to feel about this is this
good or bad
ah what's the word on the street jack oh
I don't care
listen he's a fine director I don't know
the scripts he's been working with
they've always been the best I don't
know I don't know how much of that is
his fault the here's the important news
the important news is they came up with
a title for the Han Solo movie their
muscle run huh Kessel run no what do you
think the name of the han solo solo
movie I would have said Kessel run nope
think dumber think of the dumbest wait
don't look at the chairs old news it was
the smugglers tale no no no no no no
that's the official title now don't look
at chat you cannot look at chat because
they are typing it I know it's probably
not it what is it okay now you this has
to be the dumbest name for a han solo
solo movie yeah
solo just solo just solo solo a Star
Wars story you say yeah but solo is
already a movie what it's solo the Han
Solo movie a Han Solo movie in the Star
Wars universe
I'm solo did we say Han Solo enough
right Carrie you like Han Solo right
come see Han Solo
solo hey I'm not gonna get too hung up
on the name Highness dumb
I think it's dumb and I don't like it
how about that it's not the worst thing
ever be cold it's not
something really funky going out with
the lights kind of should have just
called it low expectations the whole
thing could be like a riff on it Charles
dick in the story
Disney star wars presents low
expectations so low expectations
alright alright chickens pet Pam
you-you-you beat me out on that one
gotta restart this
gonna restart this we're having weird
lighting issues okay
all right what would you have called a
jacket I I would have liked your
original idea like whatever it's about
you know if it's about the Kessel run
yeah you call a Kessel run
I think solo is oh shit I got to do all
this over again
the run called the run I don't know
there's a lot of there's a lot of better
names I feel
you should have been able to rebound off
a wall set enemies
like a jump-off and out of his head that
also takes you by a wall uh-huh should
have given you the option to rebound
back at the elevator
sure yeah that'd be great
that'd be great there's a lot that could
have made this game great
oh saying you can flip off of the walls
but is it an attack or is it just like a
flashy jump yeah you can do that like
you can wall run what wasn't that a
somersault huh you get it you can
somersault - but somersaults is another
button press you know see I'm saying
that should have been like a like a dive
at the enemy yeah that'd be cool
that'd be badass that'd be really cool
really I think I think the key here to
this combat would've been to really play
off of the jumping oh yeah yeah
like a move you plant your hands in the
ground you kick back and knock one enemy
into the other you go you play up the
whole jumping rabbit thing gosh dang it
I already made it past you this is a
prequel to Bucky O'Hare Bucky O'Hare
takes place in space yeah dick
fuck fuck someone got his ass kicked
honestly honestly I feel I feel
humiliated
keep kind of do cool moves and I got to
stop trying to do that this is a cool
room a good movie I honestly don't
remember if cocoon is good or not I
remember liking it back out
have you seen it receive them recently
No
yeah okay Steve Guttenberg old people
love it I remember liking batteries not
included and people tell me what's bomb
hey so it doesn't batteries that
included does not necessarily hold up
come I like the concept of these little
machines that are like life forms and
they're able to reproduce yeah that's a
neat concept I agree
I agree it is I just don't think it was
handled the best it could
what
dammit god dammit god dammit god dammit
every time I feel like I have this whole
counter system worked out the game
proves me wrong I felt that I made a
pretty decent go of it I said I agree
short circuit was amazing
short circuit yes short circuit holds up
Johnny Five is alive
what about the non-indian man playing an
Indian car well you know is it wait wait
wait wait does it matter if he did a
good job right it's just just make up to
play a part
right I think he did a fine job
ah then I'm okay with it he played it a
little he played it a little up ooh he
played it a little a little over the top
he's a likeable character sure I'll give
you that he's one of the good guys
three of them
yes chat actors play things that they
are not how
sack of the axis says you guys seem to
consistently pick movies that my brother
absolutely loves for review Starship
Troopers demolition man the mist of
reanimated just need to review Mean
Girls and you're golden
I am not familiar with Mean Girls really
yep there are some Mean Girls um uh Tina
Fey's right uh movie writing yeah that
might've been a free beyou debut Thank
You Lindsay Lohan as the lead it's about
well you probably wouldn't have cared
it's about like bitchy teenage brains
it's funny though I can't imagine like
you sitting down and be like I'm gonna
watch Mean Girls I really feel like
watching a movie about bitchy teenage
girls probably should have been paying
attention to where I should have been
going
can I get out that window or maybe
I did it congratulations jack
congratulations high school a bitchy
girl yep
you know it's it's it's a good movie
it's a fine movie I haven't launched in
a while but you know review of life
force maybe you know what maybe the
review is a better medium for life force
that's a strange movie I am not
excessively familiar with it I remember
liking it that's one I need to rewatch
it's a weird one the last time I saw a
life force was at like 2:00 in the
morning at B fests yeah and it you know
like it was that point in the night
where everyone was ready for sleep but
their brain you know they still wanted
to watch a movie so they put on life
force and who doggie my mother loved
horror movies I saw when I was a kid oh
man that would fuck you up
I saw it I saw you know close to when it
came out and then the second time a
second and only other time I saw it was
some time after Star Trek TNG was a
thing and it was just like holy shit
that's Patrick Stewart that's the guy
from life force
probably should have been listening to
what he said
I assumed I'm supposed to go this way
probably should have been listening to
what he said it feels like it's time for
a platforming level because we've had a
lot of flight levels recently so I'm
gonna sear them as time to platform
but rabbit dang gas rabbit
no no Chet I have not seen the Frisco
kid the Frisco kid Harrison Ford and
gene Wilder that's interesting
I've not seen much as I like dark man if
I were to pick a review to do next yeah
for me and there's nothing there's
nothing in the works currently maybe
I'll bring it up it would be it would be
Big Trouble in Little China oh sure I I
think you know the only the only point
against that might be like how many John
Carpenter's movies ever done so far
doesn't matter how many have we done
that's what I'm trying to like so they
did the John Carpenter movie J and Josh
the the little scene John Carpenter
movie right which money the day I don't
remember the did they do the eyes of
Laura Mars or something I don't remember
don't say no no they did I don't know
that they have
dad please stop dying Jack it's probably
not gonna happen three more today you
see how this game works and you know I'm
supposed to run on that wall and grab
that ledge but the controls are are
finicky the controls are finicky and so
getting them to do what you want them to
do does not always work but at least I
can die in funny ways I can try besides
I have no problem with multiple John
Carpenter movies because he's done
multiple movies worthy review sure well
say oh yes I see escape from New York
they did
let's get from you note you know New
York is the only John Carpenter movie
that they've done really there you go I
am shocked by this news fuck the real
Vance is rich
since you like documentaries and James
Randi you should check out an honest
liar
it covers his start as a magician and
how he moved on to skepticism it's
really great I've already seen it yeah
it's good stuff good stuff yeah you seen
him yep yeah yeah fine documentary fuck
oh I feel so bad for that rabbit right
now you know every fucking baller in his
body right every fucking one know what
my problem is
yep okay I figured out what my problem
is I think I can I think I can fix it
now I don't think I'm holding down the
jump button like I should be you know
the one about the bear and rabbit taking
a shit in the woods man you can be
ripping off wrong dude what Eddie
Murphy's rum it's a joke straight out of
wrong oh you know this Eddie Murphy
deliberately told the simple joke that
people could get right when they went
home and retold this jokes at work the
next day nice did you hear it didn't hit
anything Joe goes like this did you hear
the one about the bearer and the rabbit
taking the shit in the woods it's barren
rabbit taking a shit in the woods and
Berger goes to the rabbit and says give
problem what shit sticking of your fur
and the rabbit goes no no I don't then
the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit
good joke
see it's not enough just to run on the
wall I also need to jump off of it to
get the height needed to make it to the
next ledge you think Jack would be the
bigger Roth family uh Rahl is like one
of the reasons I love Eddie Murphy's
stand up and all I've really seen if his
stand up is raw and delirious yet I love
to stand up Roz great you guys have
known me long enough to know how bad my
memory is I don't quote lines I don't
remember names I don't remember people
I've seen raw like everyone has seen
wrong this because I look at this
floating right because your your lightly
doing it before he does the animation is
that are you sure this is what you're
supposed to do that's a great question
that is a great question because right
it doesn't necessarily feel like I am
but it
you know those crab legs let's straight
above you it's just those scratch marks
are usually the indicator that you know
you okay I wonder what happens if I just
like try to run straight
it feels like I'm supposed to go there
and you have to keep the wall the wall
run closer to the ledge you gotta grab
good immune it seems like you're coming
off the wall but early maybe maybe you
got to still be running when you're
closer to the top well that's as long as
I can run I didn't I did not unholy you
know can you start the run later maybe
the rope bridge well I tried to jump it
on that once and it didn't really seem
to work yeah definitely not is there a
rope bridge on the other side now
yeah the rope bridge is definitely that
looks
yeah
maybe if I like yeah really no no no no
couldn't do that okay all right oh you
know trying stuff out right yeah Ryan it
out
no the call marks are always an
indicator of you know this is the thing
you're supposed to drinks all right oh
okay all right maybe you're right just
hit that hit it after the claw marks
nope ooh
can you can you can you jump run the
wall unlike the Reap Oh
like can you jump off of that thing in
front of and then while run again the
other way that will that help
oh maybe someone else no you start the
wall runner earlier it's definitely not
no dead didn't work definitely not that
didn't work oh you need that leg you
know the Greg doll really helps no I
have to get I have to get it the the
timing right where I run the wall and
then jump again dammit dammit
it's there guys it's there and I'm just
not getting it right and it is punishing
damn it that's not as somewhere here
right somewhere him
I agree shouldn't you shouldn't have to
try this that many times there's
something missing what's down that was
where I came from bounds where you came
from
yeah you know jack or rich are good at
games that's true
call me call me when you have a perfect
no death running Dead Rising call me
when that happens motherfucker how about
a pause loose FTL victory
pause less FTL victory on normal
ah there is a legend underneath there is
a Ledge under me like there's this lunge
I don't know what this is what surface
this ledge serves like this way and yeah
see like yeah that's tough you can jump
from closer that didn't seem to work cuz
I mean you guys have been seeing this
whole game right you know it's not the
best which I told people about your know
death run and they did not believe that
there's there's video evidence it's all
on States hunty
I can't admit I don't I don't think so I
was you know crying just checking it off
the list checking it off the list rich
it's definitely this I'm just not doing
it right
okay if if I do this on my first shot
yeah are you gonna feel terrible
yes okay this is Jeff this is this is
for the embarrassment of all time do I
mean this one Jim do you want to trigger
or sorry bumper right bumper is jump
what's the wall run is just hold it down
you just hold the jump down I'll just
hold the jump down okay that's our
that's a feeling how does it feel of
course do it alright here we go
why is it bumper that's a great question
and you can see there's no remapping
alright that is not the solution so this
that is so not the solution one that
this there's something we're missing
right but it's like here it's close
enough word it has to be the solution
the chat and I know I didn't really
practice much but it's only funny if it
was like the first time I pick it up
right and then I do it that's the only
time that's funny some of the other side
don't think this is this doesn't feel
like it's in run up the first wall then
jump up the other wall what the fuck do
you think we've been trying to do man I
just want to know why bumpers jump
that's what it is
run up the fur you you want me just to
run straight up this wall and then jump
see like what happens I did you kick out
and go that way
Richard's on the right track with his
feeler run yeah like this is the right
track but then you did you saw where he
grabbed right yeah he did not grab the
legs I know I did it I know I don't feel
good about doing it I know I know but
don't fall look look right now you have
to worry about not falling also guys
that was the same shit that I've been
doing for the past hour I
you guys also like nothing it kind of a
glitch grabbed just don't fuck up now or
it would be the worst thing ever if I
have to row if I have to redo that I
will be slightly upset
oh wait you landed a water you should be
fine ELISA starting you from there yeah
we got past the part that's good
dang it we turn that don't highlight
just every time it fails just like a
super cut like few times where you try
and do it it's not working first oh sure
sure and then we just do a clip that's
just series of every fail on that jump
yeah and then the one that works yeah
yeah we're gonna do it yeah okay that's
now where I'm supposed to go not up
there
you're at the top you did it yeah where
do I go now you know you go anyway
you're done look up other side what are
you coming up here for in the first
place
how's the stupid story shit that I
wasn't paying attention to maybe you're
supposed to stand there maybe the story
things you up stand there and find your
joy when i when i respawned it had me
looking at that thing are you supposed
to stand there and look at your Chi 3
flips
wow the auto-saves they're kind of
generous I'll take I'll take it
madam says hey guys
FCC is trying to kill net neutrality
again you may only have a couple of
weeks to speak out please
let this dream know about battle for the
Netcom it allows easy access to your
Congressman oh great okay there you go I
know very little about this lace push
apparently they're always trying some
new shit that says $2 for the fun
reminder of mr. president that was the
best 30 minute block of my day so far
oh that Mister like not doing the mr.
president level yeah that was fucked
again maybe he didn't grab on
lucky other other than that one awkward
bit this doesn't seem that bad no it's I
mean it's it's not good but no it's not
bad yeah who would build their city up
there who the fuck would do that only
the best rabbit can get up my to my city
that keeps us fucking dogs out
only the true rabbit this game is
perfect of you're into platformers with
awful controls it's not it's not the
worst it's not the worst platformer I've
ever platformed it's not the best stay
with the combat it's like and not the
wastes not the best what's weird about
it is this rabbit jumps awkwardly far
like than what you would normally be
used to yes and it looks like there's a
lot of jumps you don't think you would
ever be able to make that in this game
you can yeah and he has a really like
floaty jump just right off the edge Jack
one two three four five six except
all right I turn to your right just just
just go for it and it all check and it
all I believe I can fly I believe I can
touch the sky awesome guys
don't get kicked off that lunch jack
whatever you do don't get kicked off
that lunch
okay came on boys see how he likes it
hello stupid story yeah this game seems
dated to you it could be because it
apparently took them nine years to make
so at the time this was conceived this
was the modern shit oh this was the
hotness
Hey
now I'm getting ready to call it that's
me cool that would be great Wow look fun
trying to find a good depth to end down
here or a victory you'd end up with a
victory yeah sure which I would like to
hear your honest opinion of this game I
haven't played it I don't know how the
controls feel yeah I don't know how to
combat feels it doesn't look like the
best thing ever
nope are you done yep alright and it's
not really it's not the worst thing ever
but not the best thing ever you know
it's kind of unimpressive for like for
me it's just one of those games that has
been in the peripheral of my radar for
four years and so it was out now and
it's like oh I should finally fucking
check that out you know like if three
people made it it's amazing it's an
amazing achievement it might have been
three or four it might have been three
that's pretty impressive
all right now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all the people who
came out to our stream much like power
fantasy who has subscribed to us for 13
months in a row and power fantasy says
hi gents hello hi TC Brady 1 3 3 M tilt
who says hi
Jurgis 101 says Jack and rich except my
steam friend request goddamnit my
friends list is full you've missed the
boat my friend so is mine I'm sorry
every once in a while I'll purge and
I'll try to pick up as many people as
the Kim cos / says one month already
feels like an eternity yeah yeah purple
space bazooka up for thirty three
fucking months and roses hey guys thanks
for all you do happy birthday to you
rich very rich hope it feels great take
care and keep on being awesome do it
rich be awesome I've never been awesome
yet why should I start now
silver 177 Pfeiffer's gold whoa Mike one
two three four who says I know two
months isn't special but I view it as
the start of something great can't wait
to see your fun streams in the coming
months thanks rich and Jack I mean you
know just hey I can't wait to see your
streams just you know don't put that
kind of expectations on it maybe
Garfunkel for 13 months in a row aim is
they'll punch back Jack for 29 fucking
months in a row riot crew for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says hi jack and rich I'm going to
recommend no.1 404 one last time because
you can grow coffee as a trade good
ninth night talking
talking why settle for a coffee farm
when you can have a coffee Empire nice
also happy early be days of rich hey
super saiyan go Khun okay
ooby dooby Scooby dooby dooby
Hogman the intruder nice Naru k-- Ben
who says happy belated birthday rich
please accept more free Amazon money for
your present will do can you say hi to
my brother Noah for me thanks boys I
know uh what's with your stupid
millennial name Noah
I know I'm just kidding yeah you didn't
get to choose your name oh yeah but like
if you're old enough maybe think about
changing it cuz it's kind of stupid you
how many boat jokes and how's that work
I imagine someone named Noah hears a lot
of boat jokes hey it comes Noah all his
friends following two by two well it
seems pretty clear to me no
coax Jack who says whoa four whole
months now it's the same as my height in
millimeters all right Chet Chet
I know I know as a biblical name but
it's a biblical name nobody named their
children until a few years ago not love
no one knows well now there's nobody
know there's nobody know our age no not
our age yeah under us yes under us yeah
I'm saying Noah as a name yeah in
America is a recent phenomena yeah they
would you know like I think our
generation was all new Testament and
then they used them all up so they went
all right that's right
yeah maybe a couple Eli's I'm not saying
it's a terrible name we're just poking a
little bit of fun Zeek
Ezekiel everybody Ezekiel's oh I don't
fucking know they're all weird a badass
name
Ezekiel you could never live up to that
name no one ever could
here's my accountant is he cute does he
have like a battle-axe yeah no but but
you know what he's really good at
collating paperwork and fairly efficient
also none okay guys he water skis see
keel sounds like a cult leader right
that's a cult leader yeah but it's not
gonna be it's gonna be someone who works
in HR hey everybody is everybody gonna
come to the come to the team-building
meeting as it all does Ikki will be
there they would just call him Zeek
right and Musique the name would be sure
to Zig fairly quickly
you can't shorten Noah hey no you know I
can't do that no is your name that's
what you're stuck with there's no short
form of that shit no uh Costra K s C
Irishman 36 says r.i.p Visceral Games
yay kill laugh another one I hate them
so much
yeah if they were doing bad enough to
have EA bomb in the first place they
were probably on their deathbed right I
don't know I don't know like it's
probably pretty rare that like a super
popular and successful thing cell you
know like sells itself to something else
dr. Gunter who to hanker for twenty
three fucking months in a row and dr.
guter hooter anchor says I know I was
critical of the overlay but this
iteration is is beautiful
I know fathers copy I'm glad you enjoyed
cool traitor like MB MC Lucas for 40
motherfucking months in a row
MC Lucas says blood-borne has its hooks
in me again so I was wondering would he
want to see blood-borne two or a new IP
from from software me personally I love
all the souls born games but the best
three games are the nonce equals
something futuristic would be cool their
art style though works so well for
ancient whores a spaceman who's on a
planet full of aims you know I'm into
talented they could probably make it
work yeah you know what blood-borne -
I'm okay with new IP I'm okay with let
that they've earned enough free will for
me let them do what they do their
character designs are good enough I'd be
willing to give them the benefit of the
doubt if they wanted to change
absolutely completely and go in space so
if anything the data shows that they
consistently make decent things yeah go
go ahead from software you do you don't
you want to do next from software do
what you would like to do me Mario Mario
42 for 40 motherfucking months in a row
says Mario Mario 42 the big four Oh jack
any plans thoughts on watching new Magic
School Bus on Netflix with your kids as
I'm
man in my mid-20s I thought it was
pretty decent my kids are probably a
little too old for Magic School Bus at
this point are they I think so what I
don't know what ages Magic School Bus
educational and general that's some
science shit I could I could I could
watch some classic Magic School Bus
right now and I was too old for it at
the time sure I would enjoy it well I I
guess that's like the question is not
whether or not it's appropriate for them
is whether or not they would want to sit
down and watch it they they might be too
young for it it's I think you're wrong
about them being too old I I'm not sure
they were I'd be like hey kids
want to watch some Magic School Bus
thing you know is what I would assume
trip try it it's good it's good there's
some good science and that we're good
educational shit for kids you just try
to limit their screen time as much as
possible don't get beyond books a lot of
books maybe some games every once in a
while
dark dark matter for 27 fucking months
in a row says Leroy Jenkins goddamnit
Leroy new camper 89 a major challenge
quinces omni AK who says this game
reminds me that novelty has gotten
really old and stale okay Hugh Jazz's
for 12 months in a row says last night
the Houston Rockets celebrated a blowout
victory against the Golden State
Warriors in an exhilarating opening
night of NBA basketball you'd think
they'd experienced enough blowouts this
year jerks
okay Dubey sandwich who says I'm six
months in and I'm at a loss of words and
then several asterisks ellipses did you
supposed to have a pause you don't say
that wait
five six seven there's a lot 10 11 12 13
14 the salon period that's 20 ellipses
the ellipses are the three periods right
so then 20 times 3 so we're looking at
60 you ruined it by talking for the
whole thing no but that's that the joke
is there's a pause well the I pause and
then you say see you next month I paused
with words that doesn't make any sense
Magnus PU for thirty three fucking
months in a row farmer Phipps
ww one two three four five six seven
eight nine one zero that says hey have
you guys seen Berry Gordy's The Last
Dragon it's my favorite movie show
enough yes participants there's another
one where it's been ages sure since I've
seen it many ages I couldn't tell you
much about it
Sydney the lawyer says hey guys thanks
for all the streams they are a wonderful
break from long law school study
sessions keep it up will do
great great laggin wagon rim job for
twelve months in a row vx 1 3 5 for 16
months in a row Ben Vereen valves or Ark
space camo for 37 motherfucking months
in a row whoo Ozzie Baxter who says
thanks for all the entertainment boys
grw 300 says great entertainment guy
which one which one is it
bruiser Inc for thirteen months in a row
and low Tom who says samus is jealous of
that wabbit space jumps
and space jump probably is she probably
what these get all the jumps and jams
