May 24, 2017
The Surge
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/155045636
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/155092048
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW0qBni2lpM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03phPW_a8Xk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/867457979993423872

[Part I]
but it's for a very important reason we
were we were all ready to go with about
with about ten minutes it's a stream and
rich says wait a minute there's this
video you need to watch
I forgot how long it was and you know
you said like oh we can just watch a
couple minutes of it it's called the
history of the entire world I guess yes
it's amazing it's incredibly funny it's
incredibly answer to its edutainment to
its finest fine fine edutainment but
it's like 20-some minutes long and I
didn't want to stop watching it to start
the stream on time and that's my fault
but it was good the history of the
entire world I guess it's a great little
video great so how's everyone doing
I always everybody doing how are you
doing Jeff I'm doing fine I feel I'm
like there's this weird sickness
happening and like it always happens
right around this time I'm like in your
soul right like there's a sickness in my
soul and it's starting to drain every
day yeah makes me wonder yeah why just
why no I'm actually I'm actually just
fine I'm actually just fine what was I
gonna say
you know why I'm fine rich new season to
Kimmy Schmidt have you started watching
it it I know it's out it's it's it's
just as good new season of sense8 okay
which you haven't seen it but that's a
show that I love it's any show that
features international psychic orgies I
think needs to be praised
the tent pole of sense8 is global
globally is global psychically induced
orgies inside you know I'm very happy
for you should be now there's that
overwatch is having their one-year
anniversary event with some really cool
new
apps and skins so yeah I picked it I
haven't played overwatch in a long time
because we've been very busy playing
other games I got a chance to to pop
onto overwatch the other day that's jam
that's writing since 8:00 I thought that
was oh I guess I guess he could be
writing and further which I was Jesus
who their babies John was it john
michael Straczynski the guy behind
Babylon 5 red spider-man forbid done a
lot of things the white house keys
produced and Lana has been credited as
the director okay I don't know which one
is Lana I assume they wrote but I we
have devices that can tell us you can't
say the transgender want anymore
there's no longer a way to distinguish
or you could just call them by their
names Richard no and I like by the way
like the Wachowski the white Chomsky
brothers when they were brothers both of
them were credited as directors so like
I didn't I didn't know their names I
didn't know their first names before
they turned into women and now that
they're women I only know Lana because
she is the sole director of sense8 so
that's like I just don't know what's
that what's the name of the guy I'm
looking for
what are we start looking for what was
the plan the writer Oh
Jameis J michael Straczynski was the
creator he is credited as the created by
kids I can't say what else he's done
because he's done a lot of things he has
a World War Z Babylon 5 he wrote the
first Thor movie Wow he's been around
forever
underworld and Ninja Assassin Real
Ghostbusters yeah yeah oh oh he's been
around forever the good seasons oh yeah
here it is the Jake and The Fatman he
wrote Jake and The Fatman fuck yeah
that's grow my god he has done
everything masters of the universe great
okay well yeah he's involved too it's
great you know what it's a great show
that uh that that sense nights
so this is the surge this is the surge
what many people describe as sci-fi Dark
Souls but according to its very own
trailer a games writer said so much more
than sci-fi Dark Souls according to
their their trailer according to the
Sharia just gonna skip all that I'm just
gonna skip all that basically what all
that intro said was like this new
company is is is they're basically like
the Apple or the test lava-like they're
doing amazing new things we're we're
innovating and we're you know creating
and we're you know we're here to help
humanity with our breakthrough and
environmental technologies you're saying
that's what happened in the cutscene
yeah that's what happened in the cuts
okay okay but here but you know the one
thing you do miss in the cutscene is it
oh you've seen it you've started this
I've started this already the one thing
you do miss is that yours making that up
like you're like you're this is Jax just
assuming what the cutscene was it was a
joke it was it was like a hipster
dressed man on a white background so
like that's that'd be a pretty safe
assumption but so here's the fun thing
that was playing on those screens next
to you yeah and and you're on this bus
and you just assume that you're sitting
down bought bridge oh my god so is this
is this Special Forces okay that's great
this is it yeah a lot of people are
giving this like VR saying like this is
old on gotta invert the old vertical
look there we go
Dubey sandwiches say Ricardo you
mentioned that bad endings ruin things
like Mass Effect why the last band and
so forth are you more of a destination
man than a dream end you can't
10 the destination isn't important like
super fucking important the ending is
probably the most important part of any
story for okay for a singular thing like
a movie I have a book stuff like that
yeah
for a singular story I absolutely agree
with you the ending is the taste that
you leave the theater with right for
something like a television series you
can you have a little wiggle room if you
ask a question the ending is the answer
yes agreed you need to have a satisfying
answer to the question yes I'm with you
it also feels like you wasted your time
pop a wheelie can I pop a wheelie oh I
can't I can't pop oh okay
like glitch off the track Anna I cannot
pop a wheelie so I got these like robot
soldiers and these other soldier guys
here like see their cool suits I can
only assume I've signed up for this
program to you know get the exosuit but
I guess what I'm saying is like if it's
a television series and it's like I was
like a sitcom like yeah the ending to
Roseanne sucked but I mean it's like a
half-hour sitcom each individual contain
stories well that's not something
different or even even like like a
next-gen you know like because they
weren't they didn't necessarily have a
goal yes but that said all said and done
the next-gen series ended great it did
end great that was maybe a bad example
but that did have yeah that's a great
under TNG isn't one long story though
right so right right exactly exactly
that's what I was getting at all right
probably supposed to go down that I went
down there when I play the game I wanted
to see what's over here they're going to
wreck calm the ending of Roseanne with
the revival I've heard that
mostly because they want dan Connor back
they want John Goodman to be in it what
happened at the end of Roseanne Oh
John's dead oh did he yeah then die hard
I believe Oh Oh Roseanne that was of
quality show yeah they're doing they're
doing a revival and I think they're just
coming back where's Anna's coming back I
haven't heard this everything's fucking
coming back I know everything's coming
back just finished future the ending was
good do not does not get Rich's
criticism be ending this is kind of a
letdown in preacher preachers just can't
you know I wasn't wasn't like it wasn't
like terrible enough to ruin preacher
but I was kind of like yeah good even
better mm-hmm
share experience bringing up the ending
of lost and the the the problem with
lost like I I'm gonna give the ending to
lost a pass because at that point in the
series all we really cared about were
the characters and each character got an
ending the problem with lost is they
spent the entire first season asking a
lot of questions did all of the hype for
that was about the questions it was
about the mystery you when the mystery
is that important right needed to have a
satisfactory answer to the mystery and
so like I understand and I hear the
criticism that lost at a bad ending I
say that it had a good ending for the
characters and not for the story yeah if
that makes any sense
Janice Janice asking me if there's any
comic book I think had a great ending no
I think producer preachers have been up
a lot Don I didn't hate it yeah why the
last man why the last man just fizzled
well most most comic books don't have
endings just long running run areas the
man that built that way however I would
say the watchman Oh
Watchmen has a fine ending but you know
they bring they just brought them back
for a DC cross so the watch or an
etiquette that does not fucking count
the watchman had a great end all right
this is a probably something you want to
pay attention to him about - I'm about
to apply - I'm about to apply to become
over a worker here so they're going to
turn you into a robot man yes
oh no but we weren't sedated rich the
robot said we were sedated
I want to be sedated no seriously this
is very painful how do you send us a
game on Steam again send it to prereq at
red letter media calm there's a little
email option like to email sucks to be
that guy
yep the William Meister says hello
Richard Jack hi first time watching
stream life not much of a gamer but I
love your dynamic thanks for all the
great entertainment
thanks for him thank you thanks for
coming with the stream we rarely even
pay attention to the game
we're more nutty like that fun Rosanne
fact is possibly nothing needs to be
reckoned because the last two seasons
were written by Darlene I didn't follow
like the last two seasons of Roseanne
right so no one did that's why I got
cancelled all I know is some of the
writers for Roseanne went into a pitch
meeting with the CW yeah in order you
know to try to get a new show off the
ground and they didn't have any ideas
but they had secured a meeting yeah and
they didn't know what they were going to
make a show about and so on the walk to
the meeting they start spitballing ideas
I don't know what's what's the dumbest
we just need an idea and then we could
fix it later and they ended up in improv
Lee pitching them a a goofball show
about a single mother and her young teen
daughter and they were hip talkin and
they were in a small town they came from
a big city yeah and it turned into the
Gilmore Girls okay so the writers of
Roseanne were just like and they came up
with the entire premise for the Gilmore
Girls
improv
so is this game neat uh kind of your
this guy yeah who obviously just had a
really bad experience and we were dumped
we were we the robot said we died and
something is going horribly wrong so
we're in a dump cool look at space
shuttlecraft
so yeah we're in the dump and now we got
to fight our way out of the dump the
dump has robots and the dump has robots
a lot of you know first robots are these
droney thingies and you have your
horizontal slash and your vertical slash
and yeah and you can like kind of combo
them together to do stuff like that you
have your dodge which is that by the way
what is it it's not a roll and I find
that very upsetting because you're
wearing these big clunky armors that
would be even weirder oh yeah I know
that you couldn't have your own but it
just feels weird to die it could be a
neater animation I suppose but I totally
get it not being a roll yeah that
doesn't bother me
actually anybody roaming around would
just get fucking dizzy rolls don't
actually make much sense at least not
when you spam them in a game it's just
what I'm used to you know yeah and in
the in the souls borne universe it's
what I'm used to is that I've played
this I played this first level a little
bit so some blue guy and chances
advocate are has taught me anything it's
that the crippled guy will go on decide
with the robots and lead a revolution
after he's given an exoskeleton and will
eventually fuck one of the robots I want
that to be true avatar didn't have
robots well in the other but avatar went
on to fuck the avatars right well fuck
the Navi oh you know what I miss Abbot
are I forgot that they were called the
Navi is my problem
I thought they were called the avatars
because that movie has completely left
my melon damage humberto Cabbage Patch
there we go
what is your favorite Simpsons Halloween
episode time travel toaster time travel
toaster oh that's a great episode hi
already over the other ones on that they
were all good on that episode was that
the one with the shinning I'm gonna say
yes just because I want it to be time
travel toaster oh that's a great
Halloween episode
you know something needs to be said for
the first treehouse of horror with Kang
and kodos like that that abduction
episode that whole abduction episode is
fantastic yeah that bit about that's
decent I just I I love the bit where
they keep blowing space dust off the
book oh yeah that's the video game
they're disappointed with the video
again cuz it's just like an Atari game
oh right games on video oh I'm sorry who
which species has mastered intergalactic
travel
great shining time-travel toaster and
cannibal teachers at the school said
guys wait I thought it was no it was
zombies that was the zombie segment at
the end of the time the toaster one
wasn't it that could've been a
difference for house before it sorry I
thought it was cannibal teachers is a
fantastic treehouse of horror though can
easily I could easily be wrong yeah
because I think it ended with the Shimon
Shimon do you know don't you mean the
shining quiet boy you want to get sued
Kate
Kate right bgb live sis Jack yep still
keeping up with legendary excited for
the x-men set coming up Marvel legendary
you know that's one of those where we
had to release and I have to pace
ourselves or else we will buy every
expansion yeah we your wife put you on a
cool-down no I put her on a cool-down
she has this little trick because she
knows like you know like you know like
as a family we're on a budget like and
so and you know the expansions aren't a
lot but eventually by nothing you buy
enough where it's just like we we know
we need to chill because we're on a
budget but if there's one that she
really wants she knows exactly what to
do which is just wait until I'm drunk
she basically takes advantage of me
because when I've been drinking I have
like boom I have no I have no willpower
to say no to purchases that I want and
so so like she'll just wait until I've
had a couple beers and she's like you
know it's thinking about getting that
new legendary so oh yeah chickens otters
it's a boom boom boom how much do these
sets cost oh you know they're there are
small expansions that are only like 20
30 bucks not a lot right but our small
expansion but you buy enough of them and
then that adds up but the big expansions
can be anywhere from like 50 to 80 bucks
for a big expand I would expect a bass
game to be around 20 in an expansion to
be around 10 oh no no my god there's
actually there is an expansion oh my god
there's an expansion there's a fantastic
four expansion that was really unpopular
and they stopped printing that now goes
on eBay for hundreds you have it of
course not of course not because one we
don't care about the Fantastic Four and
two it's like that's way too much but
Jack do we care of are we interested in
destiny too and will we play it nope how
strongly can I say no no
a multiplayer massively multiplayer
first-person shooter that you can only
play with a gamepad because it's not the
ps4 sign me off oh that might be MPC now
is it I I'm still not interested
yeah can I talk to you who cares about
the Fantastic Four nobody cares about
the Fantastic Four
which is why they discontinued the
expansion and but now like I said on
eBay it's going nuts I can I mean I
don't even care if it's on PC I'm just
not interested in an MMO yeah yeah no
and I've heard good things about destiny
in general but not my cup of tea
mostly because I already have several
cups of tea
we would talk about the Zack Snyder no
we did not
I don't know what to say it's tragedy a
big tragedy I saw I saw there are some
people making some snide remarks in my
Twitter feed before they had read the
story ya know cuz you see that headline
Josh Wheaton takes over Justice League
right and and everyone's like oh you
know like people got crazy but then like
you read the story though you know the
strange thing is it happened months ago
yeah for those who don't know
Zach's night one of Zack Snyder's
daughter committed suicide a couple
months ago and obviously a tragic event
and you know not only that like do you
know how his wife is the one of the
producers of the movie and so he went
back to work hoping to kind of distract
himself with work finishing up Justice
League yeah and it just hasn't been
working all right totally absolutely I
mean and and so they brought in the
studio and of course Zack agreed to this
brought in Joss Whedon to finish Justice
League of course it's it's mostly all
shot jostle just be there like kind of
the director for editing and also for
any reshoots needed just because he can
handle you know he's a director who can
obviously handle a big-budget superhero
franchise but very tragic very tragic
and yeah like there's nothing snide to
say about it at least there shouldn't be
anything
yeah that's not something that's not
like I feel like making jokes about
right right it's just sad it is
it is it's very sad so what do you what
are you doing you're targeting a head
okay so is that a corpse oh this is like
a armored corpse and what you see here
is like right now I'm targeting the arm
you can see that yellow out the yellow
thing on his arm right and so if I after
you lock on to someone you can move the
right joystick to target different parts
about it like that I'm targeting his leg
now I kind of love that this had corpse
in there yeah but if you see here his
head is blue so that means his head is
unarmored so it'll be a better shot yeah
yeah I want to remove his head from his
body and then it starts on fire that's
fine and that's fine then it
disintegrates but the idea is if you
target here I'll target the leg this
time see I'm targeting the left leg so
the idea here is if you target these
body parts you can actually rip them off
if you do enough damage to them and if
you do that you can get more scrap more
tech scrap for upgrading your shit is
the hope are there too many things to
play because we're living in a golden
age of games make here's why rich making
and distributing games is easier than
ever yeah there are tools available
where you and I could make a video game
if we put our mind to it and with
digital distribution
anyone can play them this looks neat but
I've been I've been waiting for Vanquish
on PC for too long and I didn't think it
was ever gonna happen Jack that comes
out soon right Mauro comes out tomorrow
what are you doing what are you doing I
was here are you still in tutorial mode
come here and fight me there we go out
so if you take the leg off I'm assuming
it doesn't die instantly does it hobble
around no he still dies okay but then he
leaves scrap behind it I mean I'm for
the head right now and then we'll see if
we can show you something cool here oh
we can't do it yet how do you change
your target with the right stick okay we
got a Power Core that's gonna help me
yeah there's another guy over here Jack
hasn't died yet this isn't like Dark
Souls well I've also played this before
I see so like right now I'm toggling I'm
targeting the different is how this is
difficult to compare okay so I have more
time in blood-borne so I'll be comparing
this blood of course first um I
definitely died way quicker and
blood-borne and I died more often in
blood-borne I hit a point in this oh
wait did I kill yeah I hit a point in
this where I couldn't defeat a boss and
I couldn't figure out how to defeat a
boss okay and that was a little
upsetting because usually with
blood-borne so our goal is to get there
our goal is to get there so I can show
you all which should be relatively easy
okay but first I need to put a core in
my body for a reason so we gotta go back
to our bonfire here this is the bonfire
anonymous says hey guys yeah check I'm
Jack I grew up in the middle of nowhere
with no neighbors except house
there you go I'm now you're speaking my
language when you were weird sometimes
I get you I understand except for the
clown thing I here's here's what I will
say what I can only imagine is people
who have this weird like feeling about
clowns have never been around children
if you they're ever around a very young
child like three or under you make goofy
faces at them right you make faces
that's all a clown is like a clown is
just someone who makes faces but then
like there's this whole mime aspect to
it there's like little sketches that you
do with like little skits and routines
is very vaudvillian what's the hate of
clowns
it's classic entertainment it's goofy
faces it's pratfalls and slapstick humor
they're creepy they're silent they got
this shit smeared all over their face
they're dressed like they're insane
vaudeville
it's vaudevillian
great okay yep and so then here in the
gear assembly you can like buy stuff and
upgrade stuff upgrade rigs I just spent
all my money on my core so we got to go
get some more money and then here is the
part where do I have anything else no so
here's the part where you can change you
know once you buy like arm upgrades you
can put on one here do I have a oh I do
I have a leg up great so then you put on
a leg upgrade and this one yeah thank
you pretty good oh no but see like I
only have one so I can only put it on
one leg yeah and that's that that's the
whole thing so it's like there's a lot
of interesting aspects to this game man
but then just like souls born you come
on out again and here's the robots
Becky got played says Jack piped oh I
got that sprite I forgot
Jack I'm Jack and what way is this your
participation with rlm been educational
been educational that's that's the thing
um there's more to it but the second
one's for me but I'll you answer yours
I'm trying I'm trying to think of a
realistic example or I'm trying to think
of a real example of some of something
that I have actually learned from from
working with rlm you could be terrible
and still goodbye okay oh I knew that
I've made stuff man I know you don't
have to be good you just got to keep
doing it that's that's the rule
that's the rule um you know what a
really good thing that I learned working
with rlm is how to work with a crew that
it and that is the true that is the
honest truth where I spent a lot of time
just making stuff by myself you know I
was the only one behind the camera I was
the only one making you know doing it
all editing yeah yeah and once I started
working with Jay and Mike I'd say hey
can you guys come and help me out on a
shoot yeah and for the first time I had
to direct people and like oh can you uh
oh you you do the lights I don't need to
do the lights Jay can you fix that light
like I don't need to put down the camera
and run and fix the lights I have
someone else do that right and that has
been incredibly helpful to me as a
creator because it just shows me that
like I the the burden isn't all on me I
can so what you're saying is it's just
like the Avengers it's just like the
Avengers I learned a valuable lesson
the value of working together as a team
yes and punching robots very important
second part of that is rich
did you get my Stargate letter rich did
you get a Stargate letter yes it did I
did not read it because we went over
this we went over this one it was an
email that I wasn't interested in
reading a like a three or four page long
detailed explanation on why I need to
watch Stargate oh look at that that's a
little graphical glitch right there why
why do you keep trying to rape me with
Stargate we've we've already said we're
not interested no means no about
Stargate I will see if we can get this
for it to work so here's a here's
something really fun about their combat
system is if you weaken someone enough
you can oh here it is you can hold down
X to rip off an appendage like this and
you get that little little cool slow-mo
scene and now I get to pick up some good
junk a new weapon though I kind of like
my club I'll be honest with you I like
them a little rich is so closed-minded
jack is a closed-minded I'm unsolicited
what would you even call this on
unsolicited it's what's it I think you
know enough about Stargate to make a
determine on whether or not you want to
know more do you want to know more about
right and so it's not like it's not like
he's saying hey rich there's this new
thing that you've never heard of that I
think you'll like check it out then if
you said no I don't want it I don't want
to know anything new about anything new
that's being closed-minded but Stargate
is something that you know a little bit
about right so you can make your own
determination no I know a little bit
about Farscape and I didn't really sit
down to watch it till many years later
okay to be fair to be fair then the the
second part of that is you know how much
time you have in the day and how much is
already consumed with other things right
so then it's just a point of do you have
time but is a is a a three is it got
somebody's what do you call this
dissertation on Stargate the way to do
it no no and we've already warned you
that that's not the way to do it
yeah and when you do those big finishing
moves you usually get more scrap and
stuff that's you wanna you want to
always get them to that finishing move
point
you know you know people have been
telling us to play wandering souls you
know those people tell us to do this
watch this play this yeah before this
stream we took a look at wandering souls
sure did rich jesus fucking christ yeah
whoever made that recommendation you
ruined it for everyone else because we
saw we saw wandering souls and it's it's
like a 2d fighter starring anime anime
girl we a bullshit yeah yeah oh
bonesaw bonesaw is ready so like this is
the guy I just fought was carrying this
bone saw
so I targeted his arm so he dropped the
bone saw okay now I got a bone saw kudos
to me
graphics are irrelevant if the game is
fun
that's Oh someone talking about the
graphics of this game Mega Man II can a
platformer thing it didn't look super
special
oh no we're talking specifically about
the art style which is which is anime
girls dressed up as maids yes they're
saying that shouldn't matter if the game
is fun how do you feel about that right
for theirs they're a little bit yeah all
right you got a point it could be in an
amazing game but it's starring anime
girls and rich and I have a
long-standing hatred of anime girls and
so why would I even want to try are they
gonna I do they say and do a knowing
shit when you're not fighting maybe
possibly probably the art style also can
detract from a good game the example I
will give is a salt and sanctuary which
i think is a very ugly game yeah but I
enjoy it I think it's a good game but I
find myself if I have a choice between
playing bad and playing something else
sometimes I'll play something else
because the thing you are looking at all
the time is important
come on come here weapon
but what about a stargate anime game
there we go
look I I'm a I'm a give Stargate a shot
someday but just a long insane letter
that somebody sends me trying to sell me
out it probably isn't gonna do the trick
probably not or definitely not heads up
heads up to all y'all trying to sell
rich Evan stuff also jumping is super
wack in this game it's like wiggity
wiggity wack you want Stargate or
Babylon 5 I'm fucking done with you too
I try I could not get past the pilot for
Stargate I've heard done for Babylon 5
and you know I've seen the movie I've
seen the Stargate movie and I enjoyed it
I know it's locked but I enjoyed it I'm
talking about like Babylon 5 though Oh
babbles oh yeah I could not get past the
pilot sure sure I'll defense I'll defend
the Stargate movie is lovable schlock
yeah I tried I tried years ago and then
people kept talking about it actually
probably a year ago now because people
in the chat talked about liking Babylon
5 I gave it another shot I watch the
pilot again oh well there you go that's
all you need you gave it a shot
did you guys see what William Shatner
said about red letter media I'm gonna
wear that William Shatner said anything
about red letter media yeah What did he
say was it good was it bad it's probably
the setup for some kind of punchline
that's my guess I'm guessing this is
nothing real confirm was really did you
click on the link thanks hack bot click
on the thing here's the question whoa
it's the actual William Shatner do you
ever watch rlm on YouTube his response
I'm 86 years old I don't have time to
watch for our reviews on to our movies
god bless you Billy Shatner god bless
you you know you know it's important in
life that's great
so he's hurt him he's far enough to know
about the plague it reviewed like long
reviews he gets that yeah yeah yeah
Blair if you watch the next Gentile it
would you bother continuing thanks
jumpin it's not bad next gen pilots not
bad that's just that's a good that's a
rich question cuz you know you don't
think season ones very good I'm okay
with the next gen pilot it's really hard
for me to you know cuz I don't I don't
think I started with the pilot right so
it's hard it's hard for me to say I was
a fan of Star Trek though before T and G
I like the original series when you know
I was on it's on TV forever I said you
know in reruns obviously I was not old
enough to see it first run before
somebody makes that joke ha but I was a
little kid who loves Star Trek before
TNG was a thing so I might have given it
more of a chance cuz it was a franchise
you were already established with sure I
have a hard time making it through the
first season oh god is that first season
awful
fuck
plead
great we're doing great leftover beef
cakes is T&J; TNG season one is not
shitty and I have a 36 page email
explaining why beefcake gets it I wanna
shit on Betty got played keeping Becky
got played is just enthusiastic about
star gates right I think if you want to
get me interested in just going about it
the wrong way that's the thing that's
the thing ever told you my at my Death
Cab for Cutie story probably but I'm
gonna say I'm gonna tell it again a
little attack yeah that dismembers his
uh oh good yeah see he had a he had a
nice body gear thing happening and so I
dismembered his body so I could take his
gear back back in the early aughts Death
Cab for Cutie was becoming a popular
indie band and I had heard them once and
didn't much care for their sound and I
had a friend a very good friend who said
you know I you really need to give these
guys a chance like I really think you'd
be into it it's kind of your thing and
everything I got you know what I heard
it once I don't want and he kept pushing
and pushing and pushing and the more he
pushed more I was like just don't I do
I've run away from me I will not listen
to Death Cab for Cutie and I'm sorry
one night we are driving home from
Madison he's driving in his car we were
in Madison visiting some friends in
college so drinks were had I was a
little tipsy that's why I was not
driving he was driving he drives he gets
sure and we're driving home and this
gorgeous song starts playing and and you
know I'm a little inebriated I don't
really hear it and I start really
getting into the next song plays I'm
just like ah man this is really good who
is this he said you don't want to know I
said no I really like this what is this
and he refused tell me for a little bit
let's all right tell me for real Death
Cab for Cutie
you you the more all the stories you
just can't push it he kind of did
huh the kind of did no he let it happen
naturally he let he let me discover that
was it no that was just a clever way of
pushing sometimes you have to trick
somebody into trying something he was
subverting he was he was he he basically
set up an opportunity for me to discover
it
yes yes chant it's like Inception what
is getting somebody to try something you
can't just bet you did you do this you
need to you know make them think it's
their idea ooh there you go yes you have
to you have to in cept the the idea
mm-hmm you have to implant the idea and
make him think it was their idea I like
it I like it was something of us oh god
I don't remember what it was there was
some kind of movie or something I was
trying to get Karen to watch I think you
would love this I know you will love
this and she she wasn't having any of it
yeah they're like a you know year or two
later or she went like visit her friend
who's the living out of town now and she
came back we watch this movie it was
really like I'm like I told you to watch
that years ago sort of a bridge I said
you don't listen to me no your friend
Susan oh yeah that's great
look what she introduced you to huh Oh
Ritchie that just means you've been
wrong before I've been wrong plenty of
time right so you're you're no longer a
trustworthy aggregator for Karen I don't
remember what it was I wish I could
I'm a better game sure you need to play
this game yeah yeah
see so like with this guy right here his
right leg is unarmed as Noah has no
armor on it but I want to cut off his
arm because that'll get me more scrap in
the long run so there's a little bit
there's a little bit of a of a of a
min/max happening with the game which is
very nice there's a there's a lot of you
know every enemy has it has his own
little attack pattern thing that you
have to learn which is nice yeah now I
get his sweet sweets oh he had a good
body armor too I should have taken that
they'll be means they'll be more they'll
be more and it might look like I'm
getting through this area really easily
only because remember I've already
played this level so I know where all
the bad guys are hiding they have a
couple like little gotchas a little what
gotchas yeah they have a couple of
gotchas little bastards
my dying paradise lost' says if you guys
ever heard of berkeley shut up and jam
gaiden yes it's the free download
canonical sequel to the hit movie Space
Jam literally the best RPG made by
chubby hacker hands get on it guys using
certainly not an old-school RPG guy
right right and it takes its I guess
it's jokes though but the piss out of a
lot of yeah I'm familiar with it be
Jimmy lives is Jack I have the Fantastic
Four expansion it's actually great oh
shut up back rumor has it they stopped
printing it because Marvel is punishing
whoever owns the movie rights to the
Fantastic Four right the same that
they're doing like that's not making a
comic taste that making the comic yep
they've like slowed down a lot of x-men
stuff in favor for inhuman stuff which
they have the which they have the rights
for in fact they can't
two mutants yeah Marvel Studios can't
make a movie about mutants I know which
is why Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch
were like enhanced it's fine it's fine
I I never really felt like the mutants
fit in what the rest of the Marvel
Universe these people with strange and
unusual powers the heroes the public
loves them these people with strange and
unusual powers they're awful
we don't trust them pick one no they had
their pick one god damn it they had
their own thing they had their own
little thing because let you know like
someone someone getting superpowers
because they're bit by a spider is very
different than someone that was born
different rich and that's the they don't
know how the fuck spider-man got his
powers but to be fair they don't like
spider-man oh yeah that's true well not
a Jonah Jimmy doesn't know how the fuck
he got his powers mr. Destry dub whoo
cyan just like just like blood-borne I
just opened up a sweet little sweet
little shortcut that's right after you
are wearing a spider-man shirt rich yes
congratulations you have eyes but rich
did you know that you are wearing this
but I understand why that's relevant
I I like the old school spider-man
comics I know that about you
oh here we go we can make another leg
you're an armed thing yeah well looking
at a time thing did you know you can
bank your scrap so you won't lose it on
death yeah yes yes I did
in fact I'll show that right now I'm
gonna upgrade some stuff use my scrap
first so yeah you can upgrade your you
can you can get new limbs upgrade your
limbs and more importantly upgrade your
core you have like it you have an Iron
Man core and that's what this is right
here and if you see that circle with a
little like half blue ring that is your
core power consumption oh that oh yeah
definitely like down at the bottom and
the more pieces of tech you have on you
you know obviously the more power it
draws so then you need to use your scrap
to upgrade power that makes sense that
makes sense yeah yeah it's got a hole
got a whole little thing got a whole
little world to it so I'm probably gonna
let's see if I can upgrade my great my
weapon actually I really like this bone
saw yeah boom bonesaw bonesaw is ready
and I think that's all I can upgrade
right now all right and then to bank the
scrap you press y OOP and it's all
banked now so now there's just scrap
into bank shed I'm not playin oh I know
think we're just coming out tomorrow I'm
not planning on streaming tomorrow we
have we have stuff to do tomorrow we
even oh yeah we do yeah we have uh we
have stuff to do tomorrow so probably
not
a day one vanquished stream probably
won't happen but you did buy a new Mouse
just for vanquishing you know I mean
general I mean I'm wanting to Mouse
anyway you know like my old one but it's
getting old phrase gonna die sooner or
later sure got me a new Mouse there we
go
but most did I get what's the company
that makes it steal something the rifle
500 SteelSeries rival 500 something like
that okay I
it's got like 15 buttons but not not
like not like you were telling me about
like in the rows where they're all in
one spot yeah like space all over
tomorrow I like a mouse with buttons
some buttons or finger buttons summer
finger buttons summer thumb buttons no
yes
cuz like I have a problem with thumb
buttons I'm not very good at some
buttons I love my finger buttons no I
want I want more thumb buttons you're
more thumb bans I in see I like a grip I
like gripping my mouse I don't I know
that I can do this really easily I don't
I don't like Mouse I got a death grip on
my mind I am fine holding a mouse where
my thumb is just resting on the buffers
oh yeah hold it you know strong enough
to push them in but just on those
buttons okay alright there we go
I had to upgrade my mic or again because
I didn't have enough power for all of my
shit so now I got some now I got some
shit here I got nice little leg implants
I got arm implants so now I should be a
little bit faster I am gonna go through
the area again just to kind of just to
really banks crap at this point just to
uh what do you call it we call when you
go through an area again just to get
points harvest oh there's a better name
for and I just can't think of it
farm thank you in cephalo pathetic I'm
I'm going to go through this area again
to farm scrap oh yeah why couldn't I
think of that
were you at somewhere somewhere not a
mrs. Jack says he's on a budget buys a
$200 Xbox one controller why do you
think I'm on a budget
obviously there's some wiggle room with
that budget pro controller is a nice
thing to splurge on and it is nice he
hears he was my justification mm-hmm I
play games as part of my job yeah I play
a ton of games I want a nice controller
to hold and to me that expenditure was
worth it I certainly did talk to Lisa
before making that purchase I I wore out
a few controllers you know when a
relatively short amount of time uh uh I
splurged on one - they're nice they're
nice controller
they're very it is not falling apart
it's holding up well really solidly
built yeah it's the Xbox one elite
controller more worthwhile than a
standard 360 controller that's kind of
what we're talking about I end like I
personally if you play if you play a ton
of games with that controller I think it
is it's a beautiful controller I've
never like I've never felt it has this
gorgeous rubber material it's the same
it's the same basic shape but yeah the
materials it's made out of her so nice
doesn't rip this analog sticks do not
feel cheap oh and and you know what the
adjustable height on those are my analog
sticks for the different games is
wonderful the adjustable d-pad the
adjustable triggers the flappers the
whole thing is is wonderful so I if you
game a ton I think it's worth it kind of
budget you're on you can get several
games for that exactly exactly
what's more important to you
because like this xbox360 controller
works just as well I also was able to
justify it as a work expense yeah yeah
like you know another expense that a lot
of people would consider crazy for me is
I got a very I got a pricey office chair
yeah I sit so much everyday at my
computer editing and doing other things
I got a really nice desk chair with
proper back support and it cost me way
more than I've ever spent on an office
chair but comfort and you know promoting
good posture while I'm editing and
working that kind of stuff was important
to me all right so I splurged
I splurged on something that I might not
have normally yeah headgear deck gently
her since a couple weeks ago I asked for
advice I'm telling my girlfriend's dad
about my proposals were know despite the
chats best efforts it all went fine we
are getting married in the fall hey
congratulations thanks for nothing
wait so did you did I remember you you
were wondering whether to ask permission
did you end up asking permission or did
you uh did you resource-first there's
all went fine I'm assuming that meant
that permission was asked sure
sure I guess crab says hey Jack like Rob
you are Jack I'm Jack why is the world
in love again question mark as the world
in love again why are we marching hand
in hand
why are the ocean levels rising up it's
a brand new record for 1990 They Might
Be Giants brand new album
reference acknowledged gently are as
response yes didn't ask permission just
let him know beforehand oh okay that's
fair
Jackson then you don't have to be like a
liar when you ask her anyway if he says
no sure you know you provide enough to
say yeah I'm gonna do this let me do
this yeah that's up and then you know
what and then if it was important to him
he could take that as asking for
permission you know yeah but it wasn't
really asking don't ask permission if
you're gonna go ahead and do the thing
anyway oh wow
Dubey sandwich says help Harlech yeah
dating farm girl firm girl shovels cow
dung ruins farm girl fantasy wants to
dump her don't want to be jerk should I
stick with her sorry for fragmented
words low on characters she works on a
farm their animals poop man I'm sorry
that your farm girl fantasy was horribly
unrealistic it's not like stardew valley
i know no you have to deal with with
waste in any job for I mean if that kind
of stuff bothers you don't fantasize
that kind of stuff bothers you she'll
she's probably looking to dump you my
sissy boyfriend can't deal with animal
dung but that should have nothing to do
with it do you like spending time with
her if she comes if you know like then
it's it's just a question of like does
she not bathe when she comes home
because that's a whole different problem
presumably you would get used to the
smell yeah over time so then like help
my farm girl my farm girl girlfriend who
won't bathe regularly that's a different
problem
but listen either either get over it or
or say hey I can't deal with you
shoveling shit all day and then she's
gonna be like one and he'll be like yeah
I'm total wimp
I should be like yeah you are in you're
like you and you deserve better than
look if if there it would be me if do me
sandwiches asking that question in the
first place yeah then he doesn't love
her oh yeah
at which point probably shouldn't break
it off just not because of the smell
just because you know you're not in love
yeah yeah no and you know a relationship
needs more than love you need there's
other there's other things important to
a relationship and if you're if you're
already complaining about that yeah and
get out of there get out of there
oh you shovel poop yeah so what so what
I just found out my girlfriend poops
everyone's everyone's got a breaking
point Jack yeah I mean I guess would you
love your wife no matter what ah I mean
probably I don't know what's the what's
a scenario um she smells like poopoo
let's not let's start from there okay
sure sure she smells like cow poop yeah
I would love her but then I'd have a
conversation about proper hygiene her
legs are mangled in a wood chipper
accident sure you still love your wife
of course of course her faces her face
is burnt horribly oh yeah we can deal
with that you can deal with that can
deal with that
your wife gains 500 pounds we'd have a
talk we'd have a talk yeah okay and we
are actually my wife's I can help but
it's some medical things there's a bit
of gland problem it cannot be helped oh
okay that's easy that's a different
situation my wife and I already have it
set up like we know if we go over a
certain amount we have to have a talk
with each other and that's that includes
me too cuz I like I was fatter I was
much fatter than this at one point but
just just the visual huh he or she
couldn't help but she's 500 pounds you
still love your wife
mmm yeah yeah no I still love her that's
tricky Matt what medical is there is
there any barrier
visually to your love for your wife
visually no like if she just like slowly
turns into a horrible bitch then you
know what if she looked like a young
Brad Pitt and what's the problem
she's just like she's just like a
handsome dude but it's your wife in
there got a vagina no no she's just like
that's her medical condition she's a
handsome dude she is the medical
condition is healthy
sure she is well there was an industrial
accident that trans morphed her and she
looks like she's a very oh oh
now you're talking rich that's that's
tricky
that's Trixie uh yeah then I guess I'm a
gay dude I don't know maybe maybe we
could get it to work maybe we could get
that to work yeah you're saying maybe
I'm saying maybe this came up with Karen
once years ago you know what I answered
honestly yeah yeah just no yeah that way
and you know what I felt good because I
gave an honest fucking answer jack well
I'm saying maybe I'm saying I'm I guess
what I'm saying is I would give it a try
right are you saying you'd like just cut
and run right away no I'm not gonna have
a relationship with like like that I'm
saying I I guess we're just friends now
I give it a girl shot I'd give it the
old college try my farming did not go
well I died but that's okay we can get
it back
I'd give it I'd give it a try
which is uptight now we're just straight
there's a difference
shit like I'd saw that was it prelude to
a kiss and I'm like now this movies
lying
what's prelude to a kiss oh I'm like the
wedding the wife switches bodies with
like an old dude see now that's a much
easier question like at the end he loves
her anyway and I'm just thinking no no
that's full of shit see by the way
that's that's the that's the easier
question to answer
like she trains morphs into like an ugly
dude like now that we and what let's
still hang out for board game night but
you know nah but a handsome dude like
maybe we yes meg Ryan and I was Alex
Baldwin Alec Baldwin Alec Baldwin that's
saying Alex Baldwin probably not Alex
yeah no maybe an Alec Alec Baldwin
immigrant interesting and some old dude
some others of course
yep ship haute-loire says hey rich and
Jack hi
I just finished ds9 and TNG and I'm
looking for a new sci-fi show have any
of you seen Battlestar Galactica is it
worth it
I really like Battlestar Galactica the
the new the new Battlestar Galactica run
I really enjoyed really enjoyed it yeah
incredible space battles like they do
the realistic spaceship battles you know
where they're like barrel rolling and
doing all that cool cool shit and just a
great premise really great premise
you know the entire you know the entire
population of Earth on all of humanity
is trapped on one battleship and and
it's gorgeous and I'm gonna recommend
first rib of course that's like
guardians of the galaxy but a TV show
mm-hmm
the the one downfall and I know we've
talked about this before with the the
the remake of Battlestar Galactica is
the very end of the series in fact I am
and I'm talking about like the last
scene even the last episodes pretty good
but the last scene is I rollin Lee bad I
rollin Lee bad but the whole sphere the
series in general is very good I've
heard they over do the whole everyone's
a robot thing this now this characters a
robot dead characters really a robot and
now this characters really a robot
everyone's really a robot don't they do
that like a lot well from what I've
heard so the the main conflict in the
show is the humans versus the Cylons
versus the road it's a it's a race of
robots yeah and so they do it a lot but
it's very appropriate because that's
their main enemy I I never felt like
they overdid it it was just you know
like that's your enemy silence and Becky
got plagued would really like to
recommend Stargate
terrible I know it's funny that's the
thing that happened that's the thing
that would happen Farscape or fire first
game
did I say Firefly you see you said first
game first game Firefly is a great show
to watch Firefly Firefly is a great show
Sarris Cape is like guardians of the
galaxy that's that's the very first
thing you said after you came out of
guardians 1 like Peter quill and
Gomorrah are just direct ripoffs of
Crichton and Aeryn only they have much
better chemistry and they have better
reasons for having issues hooking up
Guardians comin came up before first
Cape who's ripping whom off you do know
that the original guardians comic is
completely different from what we got
from the movie it's like not even the
same characters right the version you
are familiar with sometime in the 2000s
yeah yeah Farscape actually predates it
yeah the original guardians is very very
different than the Guardians you know
and the gardens you know are a recent
reboot and they were only rebooted as a
test market for a Guardians movie so
they probably took a little bit from
farce game okay but star-lord is older
than Farscape I believe yeah but I
probably wasn't written the same way
why am i drawing a blank on other good
sci-fi shows right now what's wrong with
my brain right now
yeah Twilight Zone oh no good sigh the
expanse yeah the expanse is an amazing
sci-fi and you haven't seen it yet and
rich I know I need to I know I need the
expanse and a rival I'm not gonna shut
up about it until you watch them because
you know what you keep you keep right on
going on you keep it up I'm gonna I'm
gonna push you and then I'm going to
write a three-page recommendation no but
the experience is an amazing sci-fi show
if you if you want to watch something
that's a little more mystery orientated
but still in the sci-fi realm
I recommend orphan black more so if you
want to watch some of the best acting
you will ever see mm-hmm
you watch orphan black the main premise
I'm gonna spoil a little bit okay
it's an old show like they're on season
three now so I feel like you know we're
kind of out of spoiler territory but
it's about clones okay
and so one actress plays all of these
different clones and sometimes she is
acting like clone B and clone B is
acting like clone C and so you can see
her as an actress B clone be trying to
act like clone C but she plays all of
the clones it's some of the most
impressive acting you will ever see
orphan black okay and I think that's a
really good show also black mirror if
you haven't seen that that's the bit
that's basically sci-fi Twilight Zone
yeah yeah Twilight Zone tack the tech
orientated sure Twilight Zone which is a
very good West world West world is
another that's a great sci-fi show right
now on HBO
there's Ranger things yeah first of all
yeah that's a fucking good show yeah
just you know what just talk just watch
that because it's not like space but
that's some sci-fi uh you know I don't
know if that counts rich I'll be like
that totally fucking calm is gonna be
real real with you here only 100 counts
I don't know if that counts as sci-fi
but it's still a very good show
a very good show
how fuck oh my god he'd get what I found
a big robot
congratulations Jax I found a big robot
something I should congratulate you on
no stranger things is as sci-fi as et
yeah but et had aliens like I'm not sure
strange a stranger things didn't even
have that and I don't know if that
counts that's that's like a fantasy I
don't know if that counts aside it's
another dimension of science fiction
they open a science II portal to another
dimension
it's totally fucking 100% sci-fi and in
no way is anything other than sci-fi
grey area no it is actually just black
and white it's science fiction there is
no gray involved at all there is zero
there is zero grayscale it's like it's
like reading an issue of Sin City there
is no gray still at scale it's just
black and white in science fiction first
one hundred and ninety percent science
fiction oh shit it killed me again Jack
doesn't know Syfy is that I guess that
might be true I think sci-fi is just
spaceships science I like I guess do
another dimension I guess but you know
like to me there's monsters fine x-files
Jack do you consider that science
fiction I guess I've never really
thought about it is a science fiction I
guess I've never really thought about it
I suppose I suppose you're right I
suppose you're right I guess I just
never thought about it like that here's
the thing I the latwon when I faced this
robot on my own at home I beat it
without even losing a single health
thing and now it has killed me twice and
I don't like that
ow
Wow
they're just John relieve us of video
store people can sort shit out yeah yeah
yeah that's true to a large extent
when were just some good science fiction
movies recent no in general just in
general like fucking what's it called
dark city dark city is an amazing movie
that not enough people talk about what
did I kill you
one new shining coin there we go that's
how I be dead the guy the first time you
just walk around him holy shit
oh no oh there we go come on
you travel I thought I got trapped I
thought they I thought they were serious
metal detected me trapped me in a room
there we go all right great doo doo doo
Oh district 9 yes district 9 is a great
sci-fi movie district 9 is a like what a
what a what a triumph of a small-scale
science science fiction movie
district 9 the William Meister's is Jack
and reg but mostly rich have you guys
ever seen The Venture Brothers animated
show on Adult Swim that takes
inspiration from slash parodies
adventure shows and classic comics
highly recommended talked about it
before I love the show let's so the last
season for four years I was saying The
Venture Brothers is my favorite show
currently on television I think it has
been efficiently superseded by Rick and
Morty what you for talking about science
fiction Rick and Morty is also great in
addition to being good comedy there's
some great science fiction in Rick and
Morty they have they have fantastic
ideas
I feel overwhelmingly mad towards Rick
and Marty
I love Rick and Morty I got a feeling
it's just gonna burn out oh it's gonna
burn out yeah yeah possibly like I said
I just I have no Rick is just too
extreme of an asshole for it not to get
tiring after a while and they're they're
not gonna be able to shock you they
they're they're gonna write of places to
push it sure classic Simpsons problem
but for now it's great The Venture
Brothers could still redeem itself The
Venture Brothers doesn't need to redeem
itself The Venture Brothers has been
largely great like I said I didn't like
the last season that much but they're
still like like five great seasons hell
I think they thought it was done at the
end of season four the end of season
four for The Venture Brothers it feels
like a series wrap up feels like a
series finale and everything we've
gotten with The Venture Brothers after
season four is just kind of like bonus
material that's that's the way I look at
the Venture Brothers sure
but your brothers is still happening it
takes in like two years to come out with
a season as far as I know they're still
working on another one but like I said
it takes them like two fucking years to
crank out a season and I think they're
just burnt out I think they're done with
it
sure
okay great Roisin frisky dingo oh yeah
oh I love frisky dingo risky dingo is
great
murderface was that it was no face skull
face I thought was like murder kill no
pretty sure it was skull face kill face
Thank You jail okay
we were we were right what the
difference yeah was murder kill now it
was face face great it was a face go
faces something right no is there that's
probably a savage dragon villain that
sounds like a sure alright people
watching this just confused what the
hell is a frisky dingo what the fuck are
they talking about explain any of it you
frisky dingo was that was an early Adult
Swim cartoon right like yeah yeah frisky
dingo was on at the same time as like
Aqua Teen Hunger for the first season
about Christine daaé about the first
season I think I think those people were
still doing Seaquest offenses Seaquest
20 20 years she was a fun show too
when they stopped making Sealab they
made frisky dingo and then that only
lasted two season then they went to FX
they started making Archer oh yeah
Sealab 2021 I want to say Sealab 2021
was what was one of the first times that
they they actually made their own
animations instead of recycling old ones
mean frisky dingo no see lab that was a
lot of recycled animation no I think
they had to they had to like they made
it look like recycled animations but
they had to make their own you know
a lot of the team was the same people
who did Space Ghost Coast to Coast okay
and you know Space Ghost is all recycled
animations in kind of different settings
but for Sealab they they actually found
a way to make it look recycled but
you're saying the brac show Breck show
yeah I'm assuming there's some kind of
new animation in the brac Cheryl Space
Ghost that's like a spinoff of Space
Ghost
yeah I guess I never saw the break I
showed them Sealab was like 90% recycled
yeah I remember I thought I remember
reading something about them like how it
was a big deal for them it was like
tweak things here and there mm-hmm they
weren't just doing read ups with it but
they were reusing a lot of material Adam
okay
it's fine it's all fine fuck fuck fuck
Oh gotcha hot guys 64 says thanks for
all the amazing content on prereq and
our om get ya watching you guys mix my
week better thank you very much
appreciated see that was the first time
they made a few new animations I think
that could be I I remember it was like
it was a big deal for them as a studio
cuz they're like you know like they had
since before that only recycled
animations and so I item it's been
awhile like that shows even pretty old
so those fuckers got me with a gotcha
rich gotta watch out for the gotcha
dicks
Dick's bgb liveses last boardgame
question okay Jack yeah I watch the
stream where you back darksouls the
board game yeah rich mocked you what's
your opinion now everyone else seems to
hate it
yes play Kingdom death um I have the
dark souls board game yeah it is on my
board game shelf with all of my other
board games currently still wrapped in
plastic yeah yeah I haven't had a chance
to play it yet unfortunately a last
board game night we played that might be
thinking about the blood-borne game no
cuz blood-borne was not a Kickstarter oh
we played the blood-borne game and we're
kind of mad about it the Dark Souls game
which I was a backer of and did receive
we just haven't got around to playing it
only because I got it around the same
time I got Star Wars rebellion you every
time you say that I think of the old pc
game which is a different board game and
we all chose to play that board game
instead of the dark fils board game
because if we had to learn a new game we
all figured we could learn the Star Wars
one easier all right Simon mousetraps is
ever heard of the ban mono puff Jack
it's John flying bird from they might be
giants where I need a cheap fake beard
that Jack is punching monsters I'm
assuming he's now I actually have not
heard of mono puff but it sounds fun
death metal six one six is rich I've
recently discovered the angelfire GMP
Pictures website
hahaha we were where was still up the
site amusingly says guerrilla
interrupted may never see the light of
day I I could have no it's still I was
up likely last time I checked or heard
about it was like a couple years ago now
but yeah we're of it feel so old because
of Angel Fire so very old because you
had a geocities page I don't like really
young at that time so old suppressing
this fuck being old oh yeah ass fine
look it's better than not getting old
rain is still depressing as fuck adds
fine I hope that I get old before I die
which is not old he acts old you don't
think it both be true I'm 39 I'm not
hiding that 39 and a half I'm 39 and a
half an hour and a half you know what
rich it ain't old
it ain't young what do they know how
about that how about that
I want to die at 60 or something while
sleeping the gamer
bendito ask yourself that question when
you're 59 you might have a different
answer yep I'm pretty sure you're not
gonna actually want to die when you're
60 I know some I know some people who
are 59 and 60 they're still spry
motherfuckers you'll be fine
keep up eating them broccolis and you
know go for a walk every day you keeps
Prime and you keep spry Becky got played
maybe don't send me long rambling
stargate emails that's the key to a long
life jack won't forward me emails no I
won't cuz they're long ramble a stargate
emails up and you know i'm not gonna
read it
yep it's the wrong approach say that
it's the it's the wrong approach you
know you need to do if you really want
to if you really want to get me in a non
Stargate find a clip online oh that
perfectly summarizes everything that's
great about Stargate and I don't mean a
clip of you explaining why Stargate is
great great find a clip from the show
yes where if I watch that clip I will
say hot damn I have to watch that under
two minutes at least like two minutes is
the maximum length of the clip by the
way that's a now you're talking rich now
you are talking I don't want to see a
45-minute video of you in front of a
camera talking about Stargate that is
not what I mean that's a great idea rich
now you're talking
now you're talking man
I'm a friend who like Stargate now he's
weird he's very weird
I'm sorry I saw a clip of the
spectacular spider-man in cartoon and I
just zoom yeah Disney cartoons but I
mean how can it I didn't think much of
it yeah
I saw a clip online from the fat cartoon
with spider-man taking on the sinister
six single-handedly and I was like oh my
god that's awesome I immediately went
out I found a DVD of season 1
do I not have body gear I do not have
body gear
rich of your friends are you usually
considered the weird one you say that
like it's a bad thing
I don't think any of us consider any of
us the weird ones I'm totally the weird
one well saying it's not a conversation
we've ever had
alright guys it's time to decide who is
the weird one
yeah who's the weird one yeah I mean bu
of course there we go just I know what I
am I'm just saying like it's not that's
not something we sit around and talk
about fucking you know what I am okay
okay did my concern Star Trek into every
conversation in high school and college
also you know what Mike did at the art
table every day he would draw a Spock of
the day on the table on the yard table
yeah the big group art table was the
Spock of the day a later class thought I
did they like scratch it out it's like
fuck you Ridge something like somebody
thought it was me but knows every day
Mike Padron new spark
okay great great
anonymous says yeah

[Part II]
anonymous says yeah
what are your thoughts on the new Big
Bang spin-off show young Sheldon I think
it's highly offensive to young people to
nerds The Big Bang Theory is there that
character Sheldon I hate that kind of
stock nerd character it doesn't actually
exist anywhere in real life right right
no I mean you know they're gonna make
the show they're gonna make that the
things gonna make money nothing we can
do about it
hey really oh hello
not in a sense yeah while we're talking
about great cartoons what do you think
of Bob's Burgers I'd also say Steven
universe is pretty good despite being
able to show it to kids skull face was
the Metal Gear Solid 5 villain by the
way oh that's right dude have us I'll
bet you I'll bet you there's a savage
dragon character called skull face I'll
bet you there might you know I'm we're
probably both right I'm not doubting you
that that's a metal gear solid 5 villain
but that is totally an Erik Larsson
character I could picture them as far as
Bob burgers um I haven't gone out of my
way to watch the whole series but
whenever I watch whenever I've seen
Bob's Burgers I've I've tended to like
it it's a fine show you know I feel the
exact same way about Bob's Burgers I've
seen a couple episodes and enjoyed it
and just haven't gotten around to seeing
like a season or two worth oh really
that much oh yeah I seen a handful of
episodes Steven universe I watched all
of season 1 really enjoyed that that was
when I could watch with my kids so I
liked that Steven universe was the
latter part of that the skull face skull
face right Oh Steven universe awesome
yeah I mentioned man that's a good joke
that's really fun show everything full
of heart rich you might it might I hate
it you might be it might be a little too
schmaltzy for you it might be a tad too
schmaltzy that's why I like it oh it's
just the Steven is so optimistic about
everything
skull-faced confirmed as an Eric Larsen
character yeah I knew it some blue guy
in chat says Wow 39 rich you don't look
a day over 50 any plans for your 40th
birthday what about you jack
also since no one else seems to care
Jack would you recommend the surge I
think it looks good alright by the way
that's how we do it on this show we
don't really talk about the game yes I'm
about to get to a boss and I'm gonna
show you a problem I've been having and
we're gonna see if I continue to have
that problem or if magically we're able
to does that does that problem involve
you getting good so I've done all this
before like no I'm sorry I find that you
know what I'm sorry cuz I was trying to
answer your question honestly instead of
just taking it as that the dig is at me
but so this part of the game is really
fun and you know I like the combat it's
very smooth and it feels really good to
rip people apart yeah and you know there
is that kind of strategy element to it
where you say oh his arm looks really
neat I want that power up but it's
armored so it'll take longer do it maybe
if there's no one else around some and
all of that feels very nice I had a big
problem with this enemy and their armor
system where I could not figure out how
to beat the first boss so I'm saying
this looks derivative and dumb um I
could see where you would come to that
conclusion and everything to some degree
derivative like most things are sure
what was the line I'm not saying there
isn't one I'm just saying what was the
last really really unique game in terms
of what I know in terms of not ripping
something else off to some degree to
some major degree this is this is like
Dark Souls this is on other generic
third-person shooter sure well so then
we can obviously look at something like
demon souls ride which was the precursor
to Dark Souls which created its own
sub-genre a game where you wouldn't say
this is like some important this is an
important question rich cop Temari
dumbest II oh nice the last the last
shower with your dad simulator game no
cuz that truck game was essentially a
platformer the truck game was a 3d plus
pretty pretty neat huh pretty unique
cluster truck
yeah pretty unique sure but uh yeah
necessarily the question isn't like is
it the best thing ever just right is it
pretty unique like you wouldn't say it
is like like you know it's a platformer
but you wouldn't say cluster truck is
like Mario you wouldn't say that oh okay
sure yeah yeah then cluster truck can
count and you know I'm trying to go back
to my brain back catalogue of the
millions of games we've played the last
game that wasn't like something might be
cluster truck could be cluster truck I
love that Katamari Damacy example of
just like a truly yeah yeah a unique
game dusters nice beefcake they exist
they definitely exist dissectors is a
whole loca unique game there you go
something like something yeah yeah
they're out there they're out there
that's a good question though like could
you put FTL on that list is that
possible I could what would you say FTL
is like right that no that's what I mean
that's what I'm saying
snipper clips yeah yeah they're all over
the fucking place we're fine gamings
fine don't worry but again he's fine
unique games release all the time try
not being such a closed-minded old man I
just I just said I wasn't saying it's
never happened I was just curious what
the last one wasn't how many just trying
to quantify this you jackass judge
frowny face I'll take I'll take issue
with using splatoon as an example
because splatoon is you can just say oh
it's like a third person shooter online
but you use ink instead like these
possibly it's borderline Osler line
splatoon is very cute and creative but I
think it's really the ink swim mechanics
a pretty pretty major deviation from
your normal online shooter to me that's
just a that's just a character movement
that is just a quirk of character
movement
I'm happy
there we go
Justin wait wait I'm a summer monkey b85
says hi Wreckers rich I just heard about
the GMP Angelfire page says you guys
made oh my god
scrolls and I can't do anything about it
you made eight feature films why have we
not seen the long walk home chicks
Malone or general Gore's series they
look amazing because the terrible we
made these things when we were like in
high school and early college they're
awful that's why you haven't seen them
which here's here's something if you're
a filmmaker don't show your early works
around put those a drawer somewhere and
forget about them it's important to make
them you got to make them but maybe
don't put them on the internet for
everyone to see
wait until you figured that shit out
shit
yes two more he's rich and he plans on
checking out brutal doom 64 I just
started playing it myself and it's a
blast the sprites are a little ugly but
the gameplay is great
fuck you I have no immediate plans to
but I I wouldn't rule it out entirely
and the haka and the hawk AP or I can
clearly make out a hawk in there and
there's some other letters around it I'm
not sure what the the intended
pronunciation is sure no Hawk up that's
what I'm gonna say
it's a speaking of things you don't want
to watch here's bribe money in hopes
either of you would be receptive to
critiquing some concert footage I shot
slash cobbled together
thanks I am not receptive to critiquing
your concert footage I am not at all
receptive to that thank you
it seems like a very strange request I'm
gonna be super honest with you
of all the things that we could watch
and critique that makes the least amount
of sense to me but hey you do you I'll
give you a refund if you want you cannot
be bought no we can be bought right what
do you tell them oh shit oh shit it's 25
cents 20 bucks you you want you would
watch concert footage concert footage
let's some go shop for 20 bucks oh did
he did he provide a link provide jack a
link and Jack will do this and he
provided you nothing there's nothing
useful I can say about concert footage I
am useless sir a sent me an e-mail
prereq at red letter media Jack was
bought for the extremely low price of 20
bucks I mean I I'm gonna I'm gonna watch
no more than two minutes I will watch
two minutes of your concert footage ten
bucks a minute that's what you get I
guess I split it all with rich so five
bucks a minute but hey
yeah fine I don't care Shion hard truth
fucker says hey guys just curious what
clip with each of you picked to sell T
and G I've no desire to sell you on shed
if you like it that's great but like
what you like man I'm not a I'm not a
fucking TNG Priest nice
decapitation fuckin paramount doesn't
give me any money I'm not gonna shoulder
shit
sure sure you're not gonna show their
short rap why can't I say words I've
often wondered that rich and I'll be
honest with you I've just chalked it up
to you don't want to that's not it
that's not it
fart bubbler says Richard Edlund
non-sensitive bag says hey both that's
just just it's just fucking lazy man hey
both fucking lazy or is it lazy or
efficient oh all right I'm gonna go with
efficient time says I got him my first
car wreck after 15 years safe driving
last week oh of course it was right
after I bought my new car do either of
you have experience slash stories about
car accidents yes yes this is terrifying
I could have easily have died I got hit
head-on by a semi what there's a reason
I survived cuz I like the Oh God all
right back when I was working
construction I just got a new frickin
car too I was like I ended up getting
Karen's car from her and it was a good
deal on that it was just a brand new car
and it was really new I didn't have
insurance yet that's that's the double
tragedy I'm on my way home from work I'm
on 94 which that's pretty fucking huge
highway it's a big big big highway yeah
and there's this motherfucking semi to
the left of me and I'm I must be in its
blind spot because he just starts
drifting into my lane I'm about to get
knocked in the side by this giant
fucking semi that does not see me at all
so III swerve maybe I swerved to my
right to not to not get hit yeah and the
car in that lane I had to hit my brakes
not to rear-end that car so I swerved to
get out of the way this semi that's
coming into my lane and then I have to
slam on my brakes so I don't rear-end
this SUV I ended up spinning out like
completely uncontrollable spin on 94 the
semi that was behind me was I was a
couple of semis on a freaking road hit
me like head-on but it was like it only
it's scraped my door off if straighten
the entire fucking side of the car off
so I was head-on but it was like is they
going like
a fraction of an inch of the car that it
caught right that's terrif like like
like the side of my car look like a
fucking like you know - opening the top
and I go tuna can or something that was
awful that that sounds awful I like like
it matter of an inch I would be dead you
know that sounds terrifying truck that I
had to swerve not to get hit by in the
first place yeah I just kept going of
course just kept going oh yeah yeah
you have a car crash sorry not nothing
that can compare to that nothing that
intense
ah yeah yeah I mean I've gotten into a
couple fender benders here and there but
no nothing nothing that can compete with
that story
the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla
verses related to riches worried about
fire flying I know someone who refuses
to watch the last episode of Cowboy
Bebop because he doesn't want it to end
hmm what are your guys most painful TV
series cancellations this is one I would
have to like I don't know if I can
answer this just off the top of my head
I would need to think about this right I
would need to think about this okay here
is who's the boss
this is the main guy always huh why did
the main gun blow up I think it was just
supposed to be cute cute yeah okay so
you see there's the red health meter and
then there's that yellow meter on the
bottom right yeah okay so now watch what
happens when I hit out fuck you watch
what happens when I hit it's like if I
can not die no bye dad
okay great great all right everything's
great don't worry you know I don't I
don't have any like painful cancellation
memories like you know for example was I
thinking oh you know like what show I
kinda enjoyed and I got I was bummed
that it only got picked up for like half
a season was a studio 60 on the Sunset
Strip yeah if you if you like Aaron
Sorkin at all i heated west wing and he
did sports night and he wrote a few good
men that kind of that kind of shit yeah
he's a good writer and he had this show
about late-night comedy programs and it
wasn't really good like it had a lot of
problems but I liked the characters and
Bradley Whitford was in it Matthew Perry
and it had some good they had some fun
care yeah and it just didn't get a
chance to find its legs and it was like
yeah you know that could have been a fun
show I can say I can think of many shows
that I've been really disappointed with
that just got bad how about that how
about Jericho Jericho Jericho I'm sad
that got canceled you familiar with that
um not familiar with Jericho Oh Jericho
is a great premise okay
partly because of the mystery nobody
really knows exactly what happened but
somebody set off nuclear bombs in like
all of the major US cities oh okay that
communication is down so nobody real in
this it takes place in this small town
that's you know it's far enough away
it's not relatively unaffected that they
have to worry about fallout and
everything in the country just blows up
except for my
nobody's getting any TV stations nobody
knows what's going on and she's trying
to get by or trying to organize yeah
less like like a season and a half wait
this never happened before how did he
get down I don't know how did he get
nice I'm talking about Jericho this
sounds like a good premise it's a great
premise so it's like it's like a
survival it's like a survival it was
like some kind of mystery because it
turns out there is a bomb in the city
just the guy who was supposed to set it
off didn't set it off it's in somebody's
basement all right so yeah I got really
frustrated with this enemy because as
you can see here like you have to build
up that orange bar before oh oh oh oh I
knocked him down again how did cut damn
it how did I knock him down I don't
fucking know I know you don't know but
science cuz you filled up the yellow
meter Noah the yellow meter wasn't
filled up that time so the boss gets its
gets hit by his own missiles it gets
stunned oh is that what I have to do
this is the farthest I have gotten in
this boss fight so far
fuck you there's somebody in the chat
said it wasn't worth canceling TNG for
the movies or ending TNG for the movies
I'll disagree with that I'll say TNG the
show ended at the right time it was
starting to get bad hmm they actually
added it at just the right time ha ha ok
you know what I I was not able to figure
this boss out before and I'm doing it
this time so then it's great that we're
doing it on stream oh shit
see but he knocks down there dude I
don't think he had missiles oh oh come
on why am I not hitting him there we go
hit him there we go oh well shit there
we go
I was having I was having so much
problems with his boss on my own that I
was becoming a little disillusioned with
the game because I never got him to get
AI I wasn't unable to get him knocked
down before so boom
great great all right we're gonna go
into some is anything I can take from
our oh shit fuck you it's wrong guy
sorry good how hard it says I'm from
Cincinnati which makes really weird
chili using cinnamon and cocoa cocoa
hookah go come on Coco whatever do you
speak words ever everyone from there
from here loves it any local food that
you feel represents Milwaukee the best
yeah any food yeah should we got cheese
curds yeah yeah cheese curds is kind of
the greatest poor man's mozzarella stick
yeah basically you know what they're
poppers they're like they're like
mozzarella stick poppers
oh we got custard that's what we got
over anyone else we got custard which is
which is like ice cream only fattier
because it's made with like eggs and
cream and more sugar
okay so custard is a goddamn treat what
else we got in Milwaukee we got the
butter burger that's just the
cheeseburger then call what they want to
call it it's just a fucking cheeseburger
no no not like like even call even
Culver's doesn't do the butter burger
all right you got to go - I think it's
Leon's there's like a one place on the
north side that makes honest-to-goodness
butter burger and all really all it is
is a hamburger with just way more butter
than you would ever put on that yeah
it's they say you're just reading
Culver's menu guess what about Culver
it's a Midwest thing some Wisconsin
things specifically write something on
it not like there's none other place
yeah it was a where they started isn't
it yeah no and Culver doesn't do the
butter burger justice like the butter
burger is drenched in butter and it's
gorgeous
and cheese curds yeah that's it's all
Culver because Culver is in Wisconsin
restroom what else does Wisconsin do
really well beer we have more we have
more breweries per capita than just
about anywhere
we are brew City what does a butter
burger specifically and just butter on
the bun or something
I don't know there's butter on the bun
that is then toasted uh and then know
there's like butter like I don't know
what's in it like it's like melted
butter on the patty and they're very
thin patties it's look it up it's
incredible
okay the if you guys watch America's
Test Kitchen at all the the PBS cooking
show which is a really great cooking
show they did a whole episode on how to
make your own butter burger
and look into it sweepers Culver's gone
down in quality over the years you're a
crazy person
mmm I hate the fries I never really
liked it well I don't hate them they're
just bland as fuck yeah the fines could
use all Culver's are this definition of
bland fries yeah you don't go for the
fries that's my problem though I
there's no good side in culver cheese
curds that's not a side then you're
doing it wrong man okay like I should
should try to not die as soon as
possible
listen Culver's is it sometimes food
okay we fool gone wild says is there any
chance you guys will play through hollow
night
thank you guys will love it it's
extremely good and mechanics driven well
apparently 58 games came out in the last
two weeks that we need to play hollow
Knight was that so was that Metroid like
cutesy game where he plays the little
bunny thing okay is it good
I don't know I don't know if I'll ever
get around to it at this rate
Ozzie Baxter's is hello rich Evans
hello I am Jack Chris oh no Roger Moore
that's true and Rendell's girlfriend and
clerks rough week death sucks is that
true really Roger Moore dead I was
thinking it Randle's girlfriend and
clerks
oh she's probably I'm really young yeah
Roger I'm not I'm not shocked I haven't
heard about Randle's girlfriend and
clerks because obviously we don't even
know what her name is
I am shocked I haven't heard about Roger
Moore wait Randall's girlfriend or
Dante's Randle's girlfriend and clerks
run Randy
didn't have a girlfriend in clerks I'm
reading the thing Dante had a girlfriend
and clerks sure yes I never remember
this huh yes so clerks too
could this be a thing no he did not have
many cooks to Dante's ex okay sorry yeah
it's Dante's okay okay
yeah yeah that's Roger Moore passed away
Chris Cornell who like I have no
particular love for except for except
for you know I grew up in the 90s so
Soundgarden was everywhere
but like you know yeah yeah I know I
know he had he has a he was struggling
with addiction that Chris Cornell yeah
so it might have been amazing rock star
struggling with addiction oh oh my god
how tragic
settle down settle down rich I did you
know what I thanks to his suicide or was
it suicide it was just a suicide that
Chris Cornell yeah I learned that it's a
black hole Sun that like a Sun and it
makes much less sense to me you never
knew his black hole say I'm not a music
guy I wanna say though these things
that's the name of the Sun no black hole
Sun won't you come wash away the pain
it's a song literally about wanting the
earth to catch on fire it's a song about
it it's a song about wanting everything
to die rich it's the it's the heat death
of the universe aw I don't pay attention
to lyrics I don't get that obsessive
about music Oh rough week death sucks
jack yeah will you lift my spirits and
say superhot as only you can
lol and peace supe what super hot super
hot
oh yeah press why when facing an enemy
to attack it with my drone what okay
here's where we get into some
differences rich I get an attack drone
yep
which has no sympathy for dead addicts
no it just has no shock for dead addicts
there we go there we go more accurate J
frisk chooses alien covenant is the
perfect example of trying to fix
something until it's broken I've not
been hearing good things happen Sam
never probably never going to see it
them's the breaks
some blue guy in chances all the
livestreams i watch yours is the only
one that hasn't done player unknowns
battleground yet well I've never even
fucking heard of him any plans on
streaming it apparently it's fixed a lot
of the problems its predecessors had I
even know what the fuck it is it's
player I known about aground I've heard
about it really never heard about this
I've heard the name and that's about as
far as I can go I just know it's a game
people are playing at the moment which I
know it ain't much
Oh where's my drone where's my drone
what do you mean not enough energy oh
they're starting to scream now oh that's
disturbing now they're starting to
scream in pain Becky got plates is rich
fart bag is a brilliant improvement over
whoopee cushion do any of your friends
realize you're actually a natural
wordsmith yeah I know thanks um
sometimes genius isn't appreciated until
after you die and the brakes
renegade keyword says rich got here late
are you planning to stream tomorrow
vanquish unlocks in 12 hours are we
gonna get non-stop Vanquish streams cuz
that would be fucking awesome hello Sam
my gideon probably gonna be busy
tomorrow probably not gonna stream
probably gonna be busy filming something
around we have plans to film something
or other we there will be a vanquished
stream then will happen it will happen
Wow this weapon it's just like a fin on
my arm she just got the one weapon you
don't get like two arms on I don't know
maybe there's a two-handed weapon
right
wait you do 42 now it was a weapon from
the boss
oh yeah sure that was his big sword that
he was hitting me with yeah that's neat
that's neat cool yeah I was just in here
and I saw I could upgrade that thing and
I didn't know quite what it was I need
some tungsten alloy up in here
crane han christ says hi jack and rich -
jack what do you ever listen to the band
wean they're kind of undefinable like
They Might Be Giants and would probably
be right up here I think we talked about
this a couple streams ago oh here's what
I know about ween
I know two things about ween they have
one amazing song called push the little
daisies and make them come up you know
that one which pushing the little
daisies it's like it's got like an
electric guitar that's not distorted
yeah you and it's a guy with like a
high-pitched voice and says you push
these and make them come up and watch
them grow what you go you gotta push it
or daisies and make them come up that
sounds exactly as obnoxious as peanut
butter jelly time it's not though like
it's as Hulst that's the chorus that's
the chorus to this much greater song so
the rest of it is like operatic and in
classical and no grand kind of I wish I
could remember any other words to sing
the the verses but it's a very weird
song they're like an arthouse band like
they're like a they're like a we make
abrasive music purposefully to to to uh
to poke at society's norms like they
recorded an album on like a co-op farm
or something it's a whole it's a whole
thing and so I know that about them and
I know that they were in the it spat
movie they were a driving force in the
it spat movie
that's that's my entire working
knowledge of Wien these are not good
things I'm not saying they are scuba
double-o one says our Mike and Jay the
only ones that see a movie before a half
in the bag episode or do rich Josh Jack
Freddie Williams go - usually it's just
Jay and Mike sometimes like if it's a
movie I'm interested in I'll just say
hey what I'm seeing it goes like like
Mad Max fury road tag along for that for
sure
yeah I know they got they got some free
tickets some some like early screeners -
the new Evil Dead movie the Evil Dead
and they know I'm a fan and so they
invited me along so I could see that
like hey we got some pre screener
tickets be welcome see that we saw
guardians with them all just because
there's like God's movie we're all
generally interested in it's just one of
those things like hey you guys might
like this movie let's all watch it
together do they do they shoot all half
on the bags after having seen the movie
immediately I usually think I mean not
necessarily I don't I know there's a set
rule for that
which are you going to build another
wheel of the worst no it's the last time
we're ever gonna see a wheel the worst
we're never gonna do it again gone
forever an entire wall I have full of
random VHS tapes it's just gonna sit
there as long we're not gonna do
anything with it I forever and you know
what good riddance yeah I said it
how was your game going Jack how was
your game doing it's going it's it's
going fine these guys might be a problem
there's supposed to be yeah maybe they
were friendly they weren't acting insane
get him it got my little drone buddy now
get out of there get out of it oh god I
got stuck I got stuck in a wall yeah you
got stuck and dieded I got stuck
indicted ah you know is it's fine
actually now that I beat that boss
I guess my complaint is it's a little
too easy but now I'm dying again so I
got used to that first level they're
saying pull with the drone pull with the
drum I mean you sure they attack you are
they NPCs they don't look like zombies
they're just standing there like people
oh this guy attacks okay for sure he
doesn't seem for a zombie ish so maybe
all right well what's going on here
story wise exactly um I don't know how
about that all right
the story wise exactly I'm still
fighting my way through or I got on a
train after the junkyard and now I'm in
a train station area but everyone still
seems to be attacking me so story wise I
got fuck-all man I got fuck right all
but you got hired for a job I did this
is just a trap that's what oh you just
are you just a guinea pig jack but it
went wrong that's very possible
nice I'm like in my Finn hand seems to
work very well these Dark Soul clones
lack the style and tone of Dark Souls
they do they do that is a true statement
from supposedly working on a science
fiction game oh so they won't just
attack me right out if I cross the line
they tell me it's a restricted area are
you supposed to not go in there I don't
know oh well you know we'll stay away
for now we'll go over here
yeah blood-borne two is rumored or I
don't even know if like they told people
no did they know this is sci-fi Dark
Souls know like like ages ago that from
software we talked about well maybe
it'll be good they have a really nice
sense of art design I'd like to see from
steak on aliens ran alien species but we
had this conversation
yes shit man unless you made a mistake
and you thought this is gonna be made by
them or something I don't I don't
fucking know
very one very possible oh wait I wanted
your weapon he had a cool weapon damn it
in Warhammer Dark Souls and its bye-bye
for me war hammers would work as a Souls
game oh my god they lacked a distinct
styles and tone well you know like and
that's true and you know part of part of
the the draw to those games is how
engaging the world is you know and this
world is not necessarily engaging I
don't know if that's there fuck you the
only thing I have to say about
Manchester is that nobody should have to
die for the Invisible Man in the sky
that is such a disgusting waste makes me
sick yeah I mean not even that like just
for any reason yeah yeah yeah yeah
absolutely and and to do that to fucking
between concerts yeah you do that to
kids she's yeah what an asshole
what an utter asshole on top of that to
do it to kids
yeah yeah
people complained about alien covenant
being too similar to alien yet they
wanted the neill blomkamp sequel that
would have been too similar to aliens
this is the problem with trying to make
changes to a simple premise if it's two
different people complain it's too
similar people complain if you try to
meet halfway people complain so either
way you can't please anyone well yes but
I think my issue here is they just don't
need to make any more alien movies well
and you know what here's the thing I I'm
yeah you're right they don't need to it
could still be done right I'd like to
give you an example of Mad Max fury road
we did not need another Mad Max movie
they didn't find something a little bit
different to do with it though did you
know that the previous movies were a lot
more grounded like grittier and this is
exaggerated right fury road is
exaggerated it's dreamlike at times yeah
it's beautiful but I guess what I'm
saying is like all you really need in
this situation is a director with a
strong vision with an idea yeah yeah
okay okay and George Miller had that
with fury road and it's sounding like
Ridley Scott just didn't have it right
this is actually something that could
work in our the movie-going audiences
favor as far as the new Blade Runner is
concerned it is given to a director who
has a very strong vision and a very good
voice well as far as I'm concerned when
played from they got nowhere to go but
up in the first place
right I know god damn it gosh dang it
rich
yeah give me those arms oh shit there's
another one
fury road has way too much dialogue
which I gotta say that's a complain I
never thought I would hear about fury
road what that almost has to be trolling
probably yeah I'm not baited that easily
right sometimes I am NOT in this
particular instance you're way too
obvious
Ozzy Baxter since
look at these weapons that's not what I
was you Baxter says Ozzie Baxter says
what would the mirror mirror versions of
YouTube be like I see all jacked with
the goatee and aunt rich with an
eyepatch plot twist
they're both religious zealots and hate
video games lol spark oh yeah we would
be we would be religious zealots who
actively promote video games causing the
downfall of society that would be the
that would be the dark versions of us
would we like the prequels not many
universe here's here's who's the the
twist is we still wouldn't like the
prequels only because we also think
movies turn people gay and that's a sin
to us all movies okay we don't watch
movies or play video games
I found out the most shocking thing the
other day oh you're talking for real
you're not reading it - no no no okay my
Mormon sister yeah a lot of time just
pretty pretty conservative hmm in
general apparently she's going to some
kind of like Scottish folk dancing class
up in New Berlin Scottish folk Scottish
some kind of Scottish traditional
dancing something or other all right all
right it's because my sis my other
sister lives in Scotland oh you're right
right right it's the restive reason for
learning that sure what okay cuz she was
in the area and we had dinner my
ultra-conservative sister I found out
was a Bernie supporter really blew my
mind absolutely blew my mind this is
what that's very strange
oh and that's how I know Bernie would
have won if she would have voted for him
oh my god oh my god right but he lost
because Hillary squashed him with the
backstabbing he didn't have the numbers
if it were brewing and said hey Larry
yeah but have been a fucking landslide a
motherfucking landslide I agree but I
also think that's a kind of a moot point
because he couldn't muster the numbers
to defeat Hillary so then it just
doesn't matter she was a conniving bitch
who actually killed my faith in the
American system yes nah man I think a
lot of that's really great I'll be
honest with you I'll be honest with you
Bernie's got a lot I'm saying is we can
blame Trump on Hillary and I do no no
you can blame Trump on on people
thinking that they were equally bad the
the the pervasive thought that that
Hillary was just as bad as Trump is why
we have Trump and that's on the people
and you know we're finding out now that
a lot of
that was very purposeful because of
because of the Russians having this big
campaign to smear Hillary to reinforce
this idea that she was just as bad when
an in actuality we're seeing the kind of
badness that can happen so no no I don't
I don't think that I think a lot of
people were duped rich I think a lot of
good people were duped nope
Hillary was evil now the gun says alien
covenant was great seen it five times
already rich doesn't want to believe
that he was do but then do you need to
see the sequel promised in aliens
Xenomorphs invade a futuristic cityscape
I predict we will see a Blade Runner
alien crossover set up oh that could be
fun family that sounds dumb
I know she'll take me up on it but I
told my sister open invitation anytime
she wants to crash stream she's like up
in town for her dad's thing and
afterwards oh yeah
I'll stream in her i'll stream in an off
day just to just have her on your
mormons sister my mormon sister yeah all
right maybe great she's sweet people all
right I've never met her yes chat Russia
caused alien covenant absolutely
absolutely
is that what we were talking about
Russia causing alien covenant
why did I lose my bits you don't know
you don't know where I lost my bits oh I
was up that's right that's right
I was up
I'm not strong enough for these guys yet
you need to level up I need to level up
you need to grind uh I don't know like I
just went up there maybe I'm not
supposed to be up there yet okay maybe
it's one of those go a different
direction and we're telling you to go a
different direction because you're dying
too much did you eventually kill those
two guys and you just avoid that area
what do guys the two guys who I said
might be NPCs I just avoided that area
okay maybe try that again yeah he'll do
there yeah I think there's more room to
go a different direction - I just found
an elevator so I went up it but I now I
need to go back there and get my scrap
back because I got like 3000 scrap which
might be able to get me some upgrade
system stuff I should go back and
upgrade my weapons and stuff I haven't
been using my drone either
chick foxes hello jack and rich hi Chuck
I want to recommend blame pronounced
blam on Netflix the mind-blowing setting
seems like a great fit for sci-fi Dark
Souls takes place in a post apocalypse
like hzd it's a anime it is great I
don't know I have any idea heads up no
idea it's an anime I just saw that today
I was I was I had a sowed of master of
none
have you seen master of none Aziz Ansari
no I'm thinking of the Dana Carvey movie
master of disguise very different very
different movie no this is a Aziz Ansari
and just kind of very autobiography
biography oh really funny show really
funny show so I had one of those on and
Netflix Netflix was also recommending
blame so I took a look at it and I saw
that it was anime and I said maybe later
Kuras is Jack I'm Jack when will you
guys be streaming the Friday the 13th
game is it comes out on Friday there we
go
opening Jake joined since I haven't seen
him on stream in a while also maybe we
could play with you guys LOL aids first
of all we tried playing with you guys
once with another game like Friday the
13th and you all cheated presumably yeah
I'd know for sure I could have just
sucked that band or the game was gonna
design that bad
sure or they could have cheating was
possible
oh nice
no I think they were cheating you know
why rich they're cheaters
rich did your sisters say why she was a
Bernie supporter well she's ever if she
ever does come on the stream you'll have
to ask don't have to ask yeah
interesting I guess there was no
upcoming actual Friday on a 13th that
they could release it on its for oh yeah
Friday it's not the 13 oh yeah they
probably looked ahead and like our shit
shit like years shit but not not even
waiting until like early you know like
early in October which is interesting
you would think they would they would
want to wait until they were a little
closer to Halloween do you think it's
not until October well it'd be the
perfect fucking time to release this
thing right fuck unless the unless
they're thinking we get it out now
get all the bugs fixed and then put out
like a DLC in October yeah 13 plus 13
equals 26 it is so stupid
there's lame is that their reason Friday
the 13th has nothing to do with
Halloween except for that it's a scary
movie
it is a Halloween movie like you know
they just delayed the game another
probably don't want to delay it would
probably just increase their selves in
the long run cuz then you got more of an
event and you got a Halloween coming up
and an interest in horror
now when October rolls around I'll just
be that game that's been out for months
what's the newest release that's a
horror related
and I care about what their SEC right
this is rich teasing his sister on
stream I that's up to her I would love I
would love to have around anytime she
wants oh yeah we have no plans so that's
not necessarily teasing that's not what
teasing is but yeah Chuck Fox's bottle
cap also bottle cap I should recommend
the comics of blam instead there you go
kind of pricey but well worth it oh
never mind
the premise is a poached apocalypse in a
city that is automatically expanding via
robots
sorry chat automatically expanding via
robots I think they're asking if you're
making fun of your sister no I'm
actually just shocked that she voted
that way everything I know about her has
been conservative very very conservative
right strongly conservative right and
the fact that she got swayed to Bernie
he's sort of one
he's so what if she and he won her over
yeah he would have fucking won by a
fucking mile Wow like I said that just
blew my mind
that's a hard game to play because you
also had a lot of Bernie supporters who
then decided to support Trump which
makes no sense
ideologically anger and like I said
anger the misinformation campaign they
and he couldn't get the votes to even
win the democratic nation like they saw
the best chance this country have and
like I don't like to take a political
side I'll say this about Bernie yeah
from my opinion I'm Bernie yeah he
passed every one of my bullshit
detectors Oh he seemed like a cynical
man I voted for him I could Vince I
could not find the hypocrisy and I was
like you know does he believe he does he
care about people yeah
people were mad at Hillary for crushing
that she was never gonna win you know it
was that kind of attitude that's what it
was bad it was her turn and that was the
attitude that fucked us all no you're
right it was her turn there was never
that that was something that people put
on her that was something you put on her
people had this idea in their head that
she was she would be just as bad as
trauma just another career a lot of
people have an idea and that's why she
did wind right right maybe it was a bad
idea to run or maybe people should stop
being idiots oh just what we need
another career politician I mean fuck
why do we need someone who knows what
they're doing we'll just fill be fine
it'll be fine doop do doop do doop
what's that dead bodies no it's just
dead bodies
what how do I get up there
tell me how to get up there and then
I'll help you out brother
yeah I'm fine
Clarence ad says bidden would have won
had he entered the rest yes that is an
equally valid argument he didn't have
the baggage of Hilary and could connect
better in the Midwest there you go
there you go and he wasn't running and
Bernie didn't get the numbers tired and
sad says what are your thoughts on
Robert Zemeckis being rumored to direct
the flash film is this just stalling
since the movie probably won't be made
yes right at this point oh man I think
the funny part was a mecca was their
fourth choice and if Zemeckis says no
we're gonna talk to DeNiro not to know I
fucked up that joke that's it Scorsese
lazy label no the joke was an even
better director Zemeckis is a good
director who was their fourth pick and
the joke was Scorsese who works a lot
with De Niro
please play something else nope
now this Rachel wants to we could talk
about politics while we're switching
games people love that right do people
like that now we try not to bring it up
because we know it stirs up a shitstorm
and everybody's got an opinion like rich
and I but you see how rich and I aren't
really yelling at each other we're just
talking that's an okay thing to do we
each think each other is wrong but hey
we're still being civil I've not I don't
even know there were Mad Max books not
there's Mad Max books I didn't know they
were Mad Max books I'm not surprised I
guess Mad Max is a violent universe I
guess so you guys think it's still work
in a book yeah I mean anything they make
them Conan came from books the visual
brutality of it all you know Australian
Conan the Barbarian it's fine the chat
has lost his mind
Oh No do we have to go into e mode only
mode Chad if you don't settle down the
mods will do it to be fair you and rich
are basically arguing over Bret or don't
hate each other though yeah no and I
mean rich knows and you all probably
know I voted for Bernie in the primaries
I would have loved burn him we just have
different different opinions on whoa
shit shit shit
god damn it oh I fucked up fucked up can
I just leave the area and they'll leave
me alone
or will they follow me
oh ah one follow me alright well I'll
take on one which have you seen
overboard the the Goldie Hawn and Kurt
Russell movie where he tricks an
amnesiac woman into being his wife
that's really creepy if you really think
about it not even if you really think
about it if you watch it it's really
creepy like I saw when I was like when I
came out I was a kid I fucking loved
that movie
yeah it's great it's like if you can
distance yourself some family-friendly
frame it is like if you can distance
yourself from the horror that is and and
by the way he turns her into a slave no
you're my wife you love cooking and
cleaning and watching the kids while I
go out and get drunk because I'm an
alcoholic who's unemployed it's okay
because she was a bitch to him that one
time when she hired him to like build
her closet on her yacht right oh I
remember shit that makes it okay to lie
about who she is when she falls
overboard and gets amnesia oh of course
shit oh I'm winning
never mind I'm winning never mind
boom oh great
Oh overboard do you remember do you
remember rich what what Kurt Russell's
dream was an overboard no I don't what
was the what was the big third act I
don't remember what was it like you know
he's a carpenter yeah it's a pretty good
carpenter if you remember like he built
her that whole amazing bookcase in her
boat Finnegan closets the mega closet
but it was the wrong wood type that's
why she got very mad at him but Kurt
Russell had a dream and the thing
they're working for the entire SEC a
second act that's the big you know the
big reveal on the third act is he wants
to build the best mini golf course in
the world do you remember this oh it's
by that's what I love this good cuz
we've went mini-golfing all the time oh
it's gonna have contraptions and you hit
the hole over here and it goes over here
and we're gonna build the best mini golf
course you've ever seen oh I just can't
get the money is that where they met
Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell no I think
they were they were together they were
together it's like an amazingly long
relationship yeah two stars yeah and you
you know what that's also a relationship
where you see it and you go oh yeah
those two those two are made for each
other oh just a pair they're no longer
together right I think they are what I
think they just never got married oh
yeah that was their thing
these guys scream and that's creepy
tungsten alloy I need that
great great
got some tungsten alloy there yeah I
know already but how do I I don't
fucking know oh I see they are still
together
sweet sweet that's great
those two kids if they can make it work
anybody can I'm gonna do something
stupid let's see if that works to my
advantage where does this go that goes
over there no I bet that's it I bet
that's it I got a run left hand it's
doing nothing it's your left hand is
just fuck it's fucking useless jack yeah
I'd love a secondary I'd love a
secondary I can do this I can block but
I've met I never block right cuz why
block shit depends upon the game Jack
some games don't even know why they
bother fuck you this is the same guy
that killed me last time especially a
game with a really good dodge right I
probably should have blocked over there
they are still Paul that's by the way
that makes me happy that Kurt Russell
and Goldie Hawn have made it those two
kids
hunchback jack is saying am i right to
think Tarantino gave Kurt a Nene weed
career was it I'm something new was he
still working I think he was still
working he though Tarantino helped his
his Renaissance yeah oh shit a new
career okay yeah yeah much much like
Tarantino did with John Travolta and
much like he did kind of oh yeah I guess
he did rebirth Travolta
Volta and Kurt no Bruce Willis okay
without Tarantino he would have been but
he would have been fine without Aaron
brought him to another level also samuel
l.jackson brought him to another level
well he brought Samuel Jackson in most
emails around but he wasn't big at all
ever right that's what I'm saying he
brought him in links into a new level he
was around he was essentially I wouldn't
I would almost go as far as he
discovered him he practically discovered
so that's a stretch practically he was
possibly the first to utilize his
correctly what was his major role before
shot gun toting robber in coming to
America I know that but yeah that is not
a big part when was jurassic park
compared to Pulp Fiction
after laughter okay okay then shot gun
toting robber in coming to America
that's a I could be wrong
he might I'm pretty sure it was after
they met up in the same year you know I
don't know now I don't know it was
before they're saying it was before
Wow okay so Spielberg discovered Samuel
Jackson you know what yeah he was in
Jurassic Park but it wasn't a very huge
and memorable part he you know what he
wasn't samuel l.jackson in Jurassic Park
yes right yes he wasn't the samuel
l.jackson that we all know oh oh I see
this oh okay that's how I get that guy
oh that's fun I like that you know what
they do have fun little secret II areas
I hear ya
did you kill him oh no no I saved him I
saved him
great
I liked him in die hard 3 yeah well when
was die hard 3 that was probably a happy
5 ok yeah that was probably after I'm
sure he was in some like indie films not
to be super racist but was he in Spike
Lee movies before before that I'm sure
yeah and I'm not saying he wasn't around
the questions was he big no and he was
not big right yeah that's that's the
question no he wasn't big and even when
he was in a big movie he wasn't
necessarily doing his thing so I'm with
you I'm with you rich he starred in
loaded weapon 1 yeah
I still say loaded oh yes he's yes he's
starting a completely forgettable movie
that everyone ignored because it was
stupid
loaded weapon I remember that movie I
remember that movie yeah okay yeah he
wasn't do the right thing okay that was
the first true yeah yeah alright I I
didn't want to assume I didn't want to
assume he was in Spike Lee movies but
what Zack Snyder stepping down from
Justice League do a personal family
tragedy and Joss Whedon completing the
reshoots yeah where do you think Warner
Brothers will go from here I think
they're not they're not ship canning
Snyder because they don't want him
anymore he's he's taking the backseat
because he's grieving for the loss of a
child you know he's gonna be back I
think they're gonna go the exact same
course they've they've been on
single-mindedly yeah and and if they had
any thoughts of dumping him if the
executives have any kind of soul at all
they would just be more reluctant to at
this point oh not just soul this that
would be the worst PR move a company
could make would you a matte like even
me who doesn't necessarily care for him
would say man that's cold to dump him
right right right
like no company would make that bad of a
PR blunder what what may come of it what
we may see is a wonder woman so far is
getting positive reviews so far very few
people have seen it who which is not
directed by Zack Snyder if Joss Whedon
can kind of sprinkle some of his
personality on Justice League
and it does noticeably better at the box
office
Zack Snyder just might say hey I'm
comfortable walking away
let's be handled delicately and they
would give Zack Snyder a chance to say
that
and of course like maybe he would he
would just say how about this how about
I'll just produce and say he would still
get like
I don't know how many reshoots they're
doing or how this will affect the
editing I don't I don't know well that I
don't know and by the way that's the
thing everyone needs to make sure they
understand is the movies already shot
yeah for the most part but a director
still needs to be around to make
decisions in the editing room you know I
know this is a this is obviously a big
personal tragedy as a just as a movie
goer I think it will be very interesting
it'll be a very interesting experiment
switching directors at this point in a
film I wonder how noticeable it will be
oh my god these guys are massive know
what I'm saying know that Snyder
announced this because reshoots are
about to start now his daughter soos
that happened in March and they wanted
to keep it quiet but realize that his
absence on the reshoots would create
news yes yes yes I would
oh yes it would great an Christ says
what do you guys think of the movie
ravenous great soundtrack by Damon
Albarn an amazing dark humor I've never
heard of it sorry reason sorry yep sorry
I'm in the same boat John Dee Filippo
says yes rich do you think the
spider-man homecoming trailers have
shown too much feel like they have
spoiled the whole damn movie also how do
you think it looks really seeing the
first trailer so I know of no spoilers I
just I just don't care that much and the
grand scheme of things about spoilers er
well the movie I said we've had like a
shit ton of spider-man movies the one
thing I can say about it is this is
probably I like what's-his-name the
Peter Parker Tom Holland I like Tom
Holland he might be the first time we
have had a decent person playing the
part of Peter Parker and spider-man and
then I didn't like Toby and I despised
Andrew Garfield Tobey Maguire played him
like a leaf at the beaver character
which I understand why they hired him
for Pleasantville and Andrew Garfield
played him like he was a mannequin right
here but like the coolest but like the
cool mannequin with good hair ya know
his leg it'll probably be the best on
screen Peter Parker we've had yeah it'll
be a good
no idea right right you hate to get your
hopes up what pilot exile can be
consumed from within your inventory to
instantly provide you with you oh shit
lordy access I've been watching The Real
Ghostbusters on Netflix after getting to
an episode where they accidentally
trapped the three ghosts of Christmas I
can say this show is fucking awesome
go into animation here's here's the
story though that show eventually falls
victim to executive meddling they get
rid of JM s at some point and then the
suits take over and like you know jeans
got to be more motherly and they change
some shit up and then the show turns to
crap oh but that early bits oh that
shows pretty damn good first season or
two or however long it was
oh okay
so these are the what are they called
and blood-borne the things that give you
some blood echoes okay that's a visit
okay that's what you're trying to tell
me thank you okay thank you game for
trying to teach me
all right try to take out this fucker
for the last time here
I want Wonder Woman to be good so bad
but every DC movie has been so
disappointment I don't know I kind of
wanted to be trashed just so they nuke
the whole thing and start again and do
it right I think honestly I think the
best thing that could happen is for like
an epic failure that and that in Justice
League my gonna oh geez forget start
again
hoo boy how about that their injustice
storyline and then then the good
Superman and Wonder Woman a Batman show
up and be nice they kick the asses of
these characters so we don't like it's
how you do it say that's how we fix this
it's the only way they fix this
oh that's right I lost with the cops
know that's just lost forever all right
all right all right all right all right
yeah fight one more dude then I'm gonna
go and level up and how you feeling what
time is it all the time we got here Oh
10:30 sure 1021 yeah we'll fight this
dude he may before call it oh shit he's
got a gun he's got a gun blackjack block
Wow
I just told you what to do I just told
you what you needed to do I can't I
can't block and move you can't you can't
dodge player I can dodge I just can't
block and move dr. Blair dr. Blair not
quick enough yeah all right here we go
do not block with your face
sorry I blocked with my face tired and
sad says who's your favorite disgraced
celebrity disgraced so disgrace to
celebrity oh how many disgraced
celebrities are there
I mean Mel Gibson here and he made his
comeback Hogan how many how many
disgraced celebrities are there how long
she's a million Fatty Arbuckle OJ
Simpson yeah happy Arbuckle what use the
murderer was it Hughes I don't believe
it wasn't if you look at the evidence it
wasn't very likely that he did it I
think you didn't get off but the stigma
of it ruined his career
oh yeah yeah interesting I don't I guess
I don't know that much about the life of
Fatty Arbuckle I'll be honest with you
Freddie Arbuckle was accused incorrectly
of raping a woman with a coke bottle to
death I'm sorry what that's what I read
I didn't hear about the coke bottle
that's probably bullshit though to death
son of a bitch that's quite an
accusation that's quite the accusation
right there any case he was disgraced
yet innocent sure sure which I guess
puts him high on the list
I suppose Wow Wow
coke bottle thing was a rumor okay oh
now I have plenty of scrap great
principal and Ferris Bueller oh he's
nobody's favorite anything right now Oh
God didn't he have child no that's
fairly unforgivable yep
I'm gonna go right ahead and say Oh Jay
yeah fairly unforgivable straight-up
killed some people you know what I guess
it's just Fatty Arbuckle was the thing I
was reading about the other day about
the that that famous photograph from
Vietnam of the one guy shooting the
other guy in the head yeah you know that
photograph the one one guy was like a
military person the other guy was a
villager and and that photo became
really popular and everyone was like
that military officer is a fuck I can't
believe you just shot that dude in the
head but there was more to the story
there was more to the story because that
guy that he shot in the head was
actually kidnapping raping and murdering
like a bunch of people in the village
and it was up to the army to find that
guy and they didn't have time to put him
in jail because of war was happening so
they just executed the guy right there
and it was a really tough decision and
apparently that that lieutenant or
whoever was that executed like
eventually moved to America like
starting a restaurant but then that
picture get became very popular and he
was demonized for yeah even though the
person who took the photograph felt
terrible about him it's horrible
yeah because he was just like I was just
capturing a moment but everyone everyone
assumed what the moment was yep yeah not
necessarily a disgraced celebrity but
you know how long
lines check foxes
bottle-cap laughing out loud
check my Fox alright bottle-cap
best thinking that was Special Forces
that's pretty good I thought it was it
was okay come on gonna put a crutch huh
I thought it was a crutch oh yeah it did
look like a crutch it absolutely look
like it was 100% legitimate that's a
good joke oh I mean the bottle cap
montage is great though
the you you saved that technical problem
with some editing I didn't remember that
the the camera wasn't on oh right yeah
at the beginning we had this whole bit
see yeah here's here's that serious
metal detecting came about like a few
days before Jack Scott I got the perfect
game for the first four hours up yep
it's the perfect I'm trying to think of
a name I'm try to think in the name yeah
and you spent like five minutes looking
for the names you couldn't think of what
it was and I've actually said Jack would
it be would it be better if I heard this
for the first time on camera oh that's a
great idea yeah so we came here it was
time to do the first four hours of I
have no idea what the game is mm-hmm I
actually got myself a blindfold to wear
right well you set it up and I set up
everything you know the camera we set up
the game I said if I started recording
our audio you know because I record the
camera I record the gameplay footage and
I record the audio on three separate
device so get everything set up okay
record we're recording the gameplay
footage were recording the camera
alright and so we started with this bit
where rich had to like but like problem
number one is serious metal detecting
doesn't have a title screen like this
right the Serge it didn't have a title
screen so then I was like well shit well
okay I guess we'll just take off your
blindfold and we'll have this title
screen with nothing on it
not this non titles great just exactly
exactly and he takes out the blindfold
and immediately he takes off the
blindfold and I realized I was not
recording a camera and so I quick hit
record and I catch all
a bit of that I can so that's why the
episode starts with no camera and just
gameplay footage yeah and then so yeah
watch that I forgot about the technical
issue oh well and eyes it too later I
made it make sense as if the audience
was seeing it right you right that's how
I got around my technical error so Jack
Attack it's tough it's tough you know
like that we've recorded on a lot of
different things and it's just us we got
to remember that shit and really I got
to remember that's my job it was my job
to remember that get to reading the
things people I'm trying to alt tab out
of the game here we go I did so we can
open up the Twatter which we remember to
turn on this time which I'm very excited
about remembering to turn it on
why are you over there I don't know but
I guess it doesn't really matter I just
like to know we're still streaming okay
so this is the part of the stream I
actually know what before we do that the
surge it's alright it's alright it's an
old game like I feel a lot better about
the surge than I did about neo yeah yeah
yeah that just film it combat felt blah
is the problem exactly and this combat
feel it feels heavy and it feels
powerful purposeful yes
clunk chink like you have that kind of
hidden combo system thing that they had
in blood-borne were pressing different
buttons do things and it felt good so if
anyone is looking at this as a sci-fi
Dark Souls I think I think it's a pretty
decent replacement I don't like I think
I think it's 60 bucks right now don't
know if it's worth
but it's pretty good it's pretty pretty
good in any case in any case' this is
the point in the stream in which rich
and I thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during the stream much
like us carried I
who says struggling on work nights in UK
to watch live but your streams are so
entertaining I look forward to watching
them later that day thanks guys thank
you for watching
who took my VCRs this game is awful and
you're going to hate it
well well like I'm not I'm not super in
love with it because it is very similar
it's a blood-borne but it's alright it's
alright there to take that who took my
VCR the will mister the Willem mister is
the name of mr. Mario Mario 42 435 Rowan
says this space was intentionally left
blank in preparation of Chakotay has
culture zan oast mochi be 85 435 fucking
months in a row
mochi be 85 says I one more month till
my three year anniversary it's like a
marriage but more like Stockholm
Syndrome laws death John says can't
watch streams live anymore because I get
up at 4 a.m. CST for I sorry but I
always watch later Jack have you tried
Boulevard beer yet if not get on that
look forward to hearing your response
while I drink my coffee at 4:30 a.m.
later this week 4 a.m. or Bulova 4:30
a.m. sucks I used to work that chip yes
I used to have to get up that early to
work and it's suck
and I hear ya I'm with you death John
Boulevard beer has actually a really
amazing sour beer it's called show me
the sour and it's this dark it's this
dark stout that somehow is light and
sour and it's a beautiful beer so yes
I've had that beer and really enjoy it
zoink oh nope zoic no is the name like
no says seven months and only now and
only now I realize I needed to clip the
box up here to do a message wish J was
here to talk about Twin Peaks sure he
will talk a lot about I haven't seen
again
J loves it yeah he loves it really he
loves it more I think whoa he says he
won't be surprised if other people don't
like it though sure well it's but he
also just loves David Lynch yeah but for
the record he loves really okay I
haven't seen any of that that sounds
there thank you for bringing so much joy
into my Thursdays and Sundays also do
you ever drop host on people I know I
don't know what you're doing on
Thursdays maybe he can't watch the
Wednesday night stream sometimes oh
maybe it's Thursday morning for them I
don't know drop host some people I'm
gonna assume that means do we host other
channels we do not people in our chat if
you're if you're if you're not around
much after the stream they like to
gather round and Yonder chat and watch a
film yeah that's that's the after stream
activity here and they talk about
they'll they'll synchronize when they
watch it they talk about it in chat and
so if we hosted other channels let's
fuck with that they would like they
would actually have to like mute what's
happening it wouldn't it would be an
extra step
in their life and I you know also we
don't necessarily get to choose who we
host all the time or like auto host and
I kind of like controlling our own
channel if you're if you're fairly new
yeah after the stream chat tends to stay
around watch a movie
yeah also Thursday night just they watch
Star Trek or other science fiction shows
you know and then was it what's the
other night for watching movies Friday
is it what's the other night movie Dix
all y'all movie Dix it's Saturday
I think it's fusion Friday Tuesdays and
Thursdays so Tuesday's okay
Tuesday's the other night okay where do
we do the ships geo usage defense so I
say power fantasy so I burps I didn't
wanna burp in the micro the power
fantasy says eek I almost didn't realize
it was resub times Cheers
chika MooMoo Thai Rak the ancient for 17
months in a row vice versa man says twas
brillig and the slippy Toves did gree
and gimble in the wave all mimsy were
the borogroves and the mome Raths
outgrabe
a greg thing out grave because great did
Geyer and gimble in the wave all mimsy
were the borogroves out grave I want to
say that's Shakespeare
I don't know ye oldie English if if I if
I'm gonna I'm not gonna look at chat
because they're gonna they're gonna say
it I'm going to guess
twas a Midsummer Night's Dream
Jabberwocky Karen would have would have
known that
what's a Jabberwocky so I think it's
oh sure from Alice in Wonderland not
Shakespeare you know what throws throws
me off Minzy Minzy sounds like something
a Shakespeare would say I'm very sorry
okay very sorry all poetry is
Shakespeare to me we're at vice-versa
man Sahab for 25 fucking months in a row
cuz why can't we have corpses left
behind in games anymore burning up /
fading away sold oh because memory is a
constant issue yep it's an issue you
don't really have on PC but usually
consoles are really ridiculously low on
memory here sure sure
well in the end like leaving bodies
dangle around like in blood-borne there
were many goofy there are many goofy
dead body physics that we came across
and so it's just easier that way it's a
it's an artifact of console development
well I'm sure for peace a lot of them is
well like well a lot of times you see
mods that gets rid of that and it's fine
oh yeah yeah usually a memory limitation
mm-hmm which pcs typically don't have
the sheriff the search probably came out
on console probably yeah dick gently er
says I think I missed subscribing last
month
am I still in the secret Club wink wink
yes pass the pass the check they go
hometown markup for thirty four fucking
months in a row loads of money there you
go says I hope bridge is ready for 10
more spider-man remakes in his lifetime
Oh at this rate it'll be more right more
bows 1000 Greg says longtime listener
first-time subscriber thoughts on Twin
Peaks return you heard us talk about we
talked about it the good things you
haven't seen today is the guy you want
to talk to
is the guy when Jays on we will talk of
fucking butter off I'll have to I'll
have to get it like a little like we'll
have to talk about this days ahead of
time so I can watch it at least a couple
episodes of Twin Peaks just to just so I
can talk with Jays about it Joe kitty oh
oh oneness as I only subbed for riches
love dynomite fucking months in a row
hartree-fock ur digger blue says
celebrating eight months two months
running Owen Thunder guns energy 999 s
is trying to catch up with the archives
of prereq just got to start do Valley
solo stream Jesus Christ that's you got
quite aways man bill la hecka for 35
fucking months in a row and bill says
one more month until I get the poppers I
am anticipating the poppers and with the
biggest poppers you have I put up with
your crap for almost three years now god
damn it crane Han Christ this is first
time subscriber thanks thank you thank
you Vinci's 64 for 13 months in a row
Sarge ACCA's says another month another
joyful podcast stream thanks that we're
talking about politics it was oh haha
got a little got a little roused brown
brown Adam Sandler is that person's name
and Brown Adam Sandler says me
personally I loved next times prereq or
i mean i will love next week's prereq
some money for that fucker rich Evans
and Jack too I guess
you waffle tale for twenty two fucking
months in a row gentleman's bear
says long time listener short time
subscriber thanks Jack for the
recommendation on Miss Marvel currently
enjoying reading through the series
after many years off comic books you
know I'm still reading it still a great
book I just it's because it's all the
same shit superheros right like it's all
the same shit so all you can hope is you
lock on to a character with some
interesting personality traits miss
Marvel film at war a slight buzzing says
objection john DeFilippo there you go
says love you guys rich do you think
that spider-man homecoming trailers have
shown too much now I know where I read
this before the whole damn movie how do
you think it looks anyway we talked
about that earlier in the stream when
you took that very same comment here
here's what I'll say here's what I'll
say about that we didn't get into the
whole did it spoil cuz I saw the new
watching all the trailers it didn't give
that much more away I think you will be
surprised so basically what we know from
the trailer so far is that spider-man
suit eventually Tony Stark will take
away his cool new suit Yeah right yeah I
think that's gonna happen very early in
the movie okay and so I don't
necessarily think they're spoiling
they're gonna give you one decent action
scene without that sir I think I think
we're gonna get a couple without the
soon I think that might be like the the
the second act turn is him taking away
the suit and so then we're gonna get
like I don't think they've given away
that much as I guess what I'm saying
that's right
he'll catch to Riker says oops
subscription dropped when new credit
card came out damn chip by the way rich
is right
iMHO in my humble opinion no that means
huh you don't know IMHO I don't talk
Jesus Christ it's as old as the Internet
I don't do the text talk why which is
right about what I guess it doesn't
matter probably a lot of things probably
a lot of things
Oh God strike some eugeniy on says I
don't really know what to say
ugh I wish they still made ultimate
muscle figures stay classy or not what
Evers did you ever see that ultimate
muscle show the show I think NES game
it's been around for a while ultimate
muscle I just I remember the cartoon and
how weird it was how swollen character
was ok ok I was very confused by
ultimate muscle I've seen the show sorry
sorry the time cosmos gesture for twenty
six fucking months and arouses you P
well we're you peel a Lear sure snack
attack 2600 and L a HD says love you
guys
keep it up Jack run the jewels thank you
for subscribing what do we run the
jewels what lets me running the jewels
what does that mean that this is what
the cover of their albums look like it's
it's like finger guns and a rock usually
holding a chain it's like the hip-hop
man yeah it's the hip hop the hip hop
yeah Jack I just I just remembered
something
yeah this
