Mar 26, 2017
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/136440160
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8DQ8JvLYB8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/846086732705677312

Justice League trailer it's as if a
group of aliens knew that the Avengers
movie was popular and wanted to emulate
that without really understanding
anything about it is that's why is their
idea of lightening up lightening the
movie up yeah giving Batman snappy
one-liners and visually the rest of the
movie is still dreary cloudy and blue
that is the mother of all not getting it
that is the mother of not all getting in
Yonex
right that's that's the point rich is is
you can have all the snappy one-liners
you want you see but it they don't mean
they don't mean nothing if you still
have all your action sequences in in a
dark world full of dark things Martha
right huh no and what was the other
thing is is you know the constant joke
of Batman's superpower being rich is
right along those Martha lines don't you
think like like the the fact that both
of them would never say my superpower is
I'm rich he would never say that he
would never say that cuz he knows that's
not the case it's his training it's his
dedication it's his planning that's his
mind his mind cuz he's the world's
greatest detective yes but in in comic
books the long-running joke was hey
isn't it silly that both Batman and
Superman mom is named Martha Zack Snyder
turned that into a plot point and again
the long-running joke is Batman
superpowers that he's rich I still say
in a better constructed movie you know
that plot point could have worked
there's some connection between Superman
has been humanized enough the Batman
realizes what he's doing sure oh you
should be doing you need to you need to
handle
yeah okay yeah now Batman has a mech by
the way I would like to point out that
that mech looks shockingly similar to
the to the joke mech that they used in
the Lego Batman movie Batman built
himself like a cool mech out of Legos
yeah like a Batman movie the mechanist
trailer looks serious well great great
everybody how are we doing hey welcome
welcome
okay I can just reach welcome to the
stream everybody welcome how long have
we been up not we have not been on long
we made it close to on time I'm not on
painkillers and visible strings
my teeth have not been bothering me and
so we've decided to power through and
try our hand at Phoenix right okay
turning tonight okay you have some kind
of major tooth pain this is all this is
all I'm taking no responsibility no this
is all on me
so this way stream started three minutes
ago okay that means we ran oh just one
minute late we just might ran one minute
late fine you know it's pretty good
it's 2:30 yeah yay for Jax teeth oh no
whoa we are playing Ace Attorney
Batman's mech is called according to a
oh nine the night crawler does it miss a
teleport
hello who that is now hold on that's
loud
it's loud
hey what did I do yes we're finished go
wrong someone
Stephanie hold on hold on I will fix
this
what a nice fellow
we got to change the desktop audio
settings we're gonna pull that down pull
that on down boom now that's all pulled
down hope you have here's where I spell
the wrong okay hold your horses fo-eenix
not Fiona --qs where did we leave off we
did the first case the first full case
was the first two yes fine
it's all fine I have no idea it's gonna
be great rich it's gonna be great we
better have our save files this shit
it's yeah it's a download it's not on
the card so it's on the DS okay okay all
right hold on this should be an
appropriate music level oh we did the
first two system you microphone we did
the first two right right all right all
right here we go
now we're ready we're stringing spoilers
what spoilers are we screaming the Ace
Attorney spoilers from how long how old
is this game this is a three year old
game okay so only three not waiting the
face right games been around for a long
time this is there like a rerelease of
the older ones right copyright 2014 it
says it right there that's alright
alright it says it right there on the
screen
alright
oh hey all right continue wait we don't
want Japanese
Oh Oh that turns it to Japanese gotcha
weed I got confused everything's right
Oh Martha spoilers
oh fuck you Martha spoilers but first of
all we didn't say what the Martha
connection was we just mentioned that
both Batman and Superman happened to
have a mother named Martha which is
common knowledge amongst comic book wait
continue did we do this already
turnabout Samurai well you don't
disgrace me for the last time I cannot I
can't do Japanese disgrace me for the
last level it was time the moon no it
was you for it will be the last moon you
will ever see what see you in hell evil
mega one has fallen but who only the
moon knows oh it was a big rant
I believe it's stupid things that's
right this is you got it you remember
originally I was going good con man but
this is gonna keep coming up and she
seems to be a true believer see you in
hell evil magistrate Phoenix oh whoa
stop waving that broom around Oh Nick I
didn't know you were here I'm Phoenix
what of course I'm here I I work here
what was that surreal show you were
watching what Nick you mean you don't
know this steel Sam right
that totally made-up show for this game
robot Samurai he's only the most popular
TV hero for young people for young
people young Wow like how young like ten
years old and you're what thirty thirty
to higher listen let metal evil just to
spend a weekend get off the internet go
live your life then what the heck are
you doing getting all excited hey I'm
only 47 Jesus Christ do you have a
workers permit I'm in legal trouble
that's seventeen you see I'm a team not
like you Nick who's Nick apparently
you're Nick I thought I was Phoenix
right hey don't talk to me like I'm your
grandpa or something I'm only 24 myself
then watch it with me he's really cool
and it's really popular when they ask
grade school kids what they wanted to be
steel samurai was number one cuz great
cool school kids are stupid Oh
Phoenix nick is our nickname Phoenix
really that doesn't work I really worry
about kids these days Gramps
bitch well the steel samurai is over I
guess it's that what did you call me
I said you're doing a fine job thank you
it's time to close up the office like oh
I guess do you work here what are what
are you doing here isn't it your job to
get us some clients what
a month has passed since my trial Mays
murder was the talk of the town for some
time but no one paid any attention to
the right and Co law offices how am I
going to pay the rent this month
oh sweet sorrow it'll be okay
Oh were you listening to me yeah you
talk about all the time
shake your in your monologue inner
monologue is an outer monologue it's
really unsettling I have no internal
filter I'm sure some big client is just
around the corner dick the corner Victor
the corner oh no we're in my bedroom
we're 1618 a.m. hello this is Phoenix
Maya what it's still early
I its the steel samurai the steel
samurai got arrested huh
you mean that guy on that show yes oh
Jesus Christ
yes keep your voice down my indoor voice
is an outdoor voice yeah back up your
mic
all right great Jack sounding like Adam
West good that's what I'm going for I'm
going for you know old-timey
they're saying that the steel samurai
killed a villain god I don't have time
for your shit
I believe fictional things are real
isn't that what he's supposed to do yeah
TV oh yeah on TV
goddamnit mayor no I mean he actually
did it
real-life guy should I call you may a
like mayonnaise is it short for
mayonnaise may yeah I think so they'd be
me no Meah Meah
he skewered a villain with a samurai
spear I have absolutely no idea what
you're talking about
just come to the office quick please
Nick oh shit
Maya's here watching television now over
the Morning News the actor will Bowers
was arrested yesterday how it plays the
lead role and the popular children's
show the steel samurai warrior of old
love Neil all the Tokyo
I was arrested on suspicion of murder
the victim was jack hammer who plays the
villain known as the evil magistrate his
body was found still inside the evil
magistrate costume
the samurais spear was also found struck
through the body hmm
please believe this was the murder
weapon and are investigating further
this has to be a joke no no no it's a
nightmare
this steel samurai is over the world is
over wait wait
Maya I have a question for you why are
you getting calls to write in code
rerouted to your cellular phone
shouldn't there be like an office phone
there's certainly no fraud or
embezzlement involved oh good why is
that I bought a new car what Nick it's
the steel samurai what holy cow come
Olli yes yes of course we'll be right
there
let's go Nick shit bitch settle your
tits go go where they have the steel
samurai down a detention so that's where
they put criminals I think that supposed
to be like a prison like a detention
center is where you hold someone before
they go to prison it's a holding cell
it's a detention area it has many
differently so it's not called detention
they have many different names he didn't
hit a kid in the face while playing
dodgeball I mean he might have that's
true Oh
so I decided this will be our first case
cuz I have in charge of that
well I guess let's go to the detention
center okay
the in detention is a state of being and
not a place in this case all right here
we go
holy fuck look at that dude what's
what's wrong Maya it's him
in the flesh look at his flesh Maya
so really him what do you mean that guy
of course it's him
willpower's our client that's him
God what a handsome man not as handsome
as me of course but look at that hair I
like it Wolverine fuck Sabretooth
ah I've seen that internet video
oh you haven't you don't it's called
rule 34 my ass
phantom it's great Andy I shouldn't be
saying this but he definitely did it
once maybe twice man you're really not
supposed to say that with all of these
police officers around Maya stop it stop
it
yo you gotta go Wolverine you gotta go
for Baba oh yeah he could be space
captain
yes yeah yes something wrong no no this
is getting off to a fantastic start and
that's because I'm a horrible read of
people no I know
you disappointed aren't you did that
disappointed oh no oh no no it's okay
this is the real me when I got the part
is still samurai with that mask I
decided I would never show my face in
public until the job was over nice it's
the kids you know I didn't want to wreck
their dream
oh good guy oh I guess it didn't matter
so much for dreams he's so sensitive
you're giving me a heterosexual erection
know what they think of this deal Sam
right now Nick what is it I'm having
another spontaneous wild mood swing dude
he's a good guy now and not a murderer
oh did one of your crystals telling me
he's a good guy now is what you're
saying that's what you're going with now
crystals tell me whatever I want to
believe in any given moment
yeah I figured he'd say that he didn't
do it
let's talk to him what happened all
right that should be the first question
yes sure I mean I technically the first
question should be I'm Phoenix right and
I want to be your lawyer but apparently
we just skipped all of that and he just
accepts us as oh all right
what happened maybe you can start by
telling us that yes of course it seems
like I was only yesterday actually it
was ah what a card why is that funny
yeah I'm telling you a very serious
thing that just happened
I have no internal filter I'm sorry well
the cast had come down to global studios
for a run-through we went through a few
action sequences at 10:00 that morning
there was a rehearsal scheduled for 5:00
in the afternoon we'd taken notes
usually it goes through this notebook
we'll get a notebook we do this right
we're playing a game global Studios for
herstal 10:00 to 5:00 myspace cap is
barely audible saying them I gotta be
here I gotta be here for Space Camp but
I gotta be way out here for me you know
rehearsal was that didn't shoot was that
five if I do if I do space cop
I do Space Camp out here you literally
won't be able to hear a thing I'm saying
if I do Maya with the mic here dude you
won't hear anything ever again all right
the evil magistrate was found lying and
I crumpled heap near the set
they took off his mask and discovered it
was jackhammer dead he had been expertly
skewered with the samurai spear the
samurais spear yes
it's a long spear that I had the steel
samurai uses as a weapon but the steel
Sam Ryan see here maybe you could
explain to me just what the steel
samurai is Nick how could you say such a
thing
how can you not know everything about
that show you never watch it only just
heard about yesterday
I'm offended you see you see my ax I
often tune out all the things you say to
me I don't know how you get shit done
boy am i a handful yeah I'm sorry sir I
apologize for my partner my partner
partner when did we he's new to this out
of touch with the world
I don't even guess he doesn't watch your
show are meant for ten-year-olds I don't
even think you work for me you just hung
around Hey
no it's alright really the steel
samurais the lead character a popular
kids show he walks the streets of neo
old Tokyo fighting battle after battle
against the evil magistrate his minions
of course he never really defeats the
evil magistrate although I guess he did
defeat him this time there's an
inappropriate joke yes I believe it's
pronounced uh uh Andy that you and I you
are down with the sickness pom-pom oh
I'm sorry you were hooked on a feeling I
thought you were down with the sickness
Wow see yo oldie Tokyo who comes up with
these names okay
now where were you on the day of the
murder well that morning I came to the
studio at 9:00 we did this it'll all be
in game we don't need to write stuff
down so rehearsal was at 10:00 he was
there at 9:00 9:00 we've worked through
some action scenes until noon we won't
need to write this down to write this
down rehearsal was to begin at 5:00
right he wrote that down I was a little
tired so he showed up late so after
lunch I took a nap in my dressing room
huh when I woke up it was after 5:00 I
was late for rehearsal or I heard
hurried to the studio and found everyone
looking shocked they arrested me on the
spot and brought me here because I was
the obvious suspect since his fictional
character was the arch nemesis of my
fictional character well you were both
actors you see will powers being the
only one not present when we discovered
the body it must be you who killed the
person mm we've also put out an arrest
warrant for everyone else in Tokyo so he
was sleeping the entire afternoon of the
murder Oh
your Phoenix right voice is so
appropriate I'm glad you enjoy it some
action here home I'm channeling my inner
towns and Coleman what will the kids
think sniff I think I should probably
check out the scene of the murder right
global studios I'll draw you a map
it I have crayons this will just take me
a minute
hold on I can use a real map or a GPS
device thank you well I'm using my
crayon damn it let's go I'm willing to
bet ten bucks she asks for autographs
all right back and move to me examine
examine him your things everything we do
everything there's nothing to examine
all right you can examine him yeah
examine him this guard monitors the
visitors room which we already knew but
I'm glad and I took the time to point
that out yes okay okay go back come on
and we don't have anything two percent
right so all right
now I am satisfied that we can move
we've done all the things let's go to
this wouldn't you do all the things
because I think we tried that last time
and I remember it being a similar
situation
I'm not writing that down
discipline daddy so this is where they
make the samurai aren't you excited
you've got to go through me Oh Oh child
do shut up oh yes well that's great I'm
security and it's my job to make sure
that gawkers like you stay out here is
it also your job to keep actors from
being skewered are you talking about
what an act what's an actor what's a
skewer hawkers leucocytes is a tourist I
know the type you heard about the
incident and came to snoop around youths
today something horrible way so you
don't have you are lawyers work the rest
of us but maybe I should become a lot of
wise it's going so fast I'm not pressing
the buttons but it seems to be going
very fast stop it Nick well I grew up to
be like her I guess because she's a
woman
I'm also a woman let's see here and
we're all interchangeable and the same
if I know anything about women it's that
they're all this
saying that means I have to grow up to
be just like her right you do have a bad
case of the old yappity apps I don't
know it's possible maybe shut up for
five minutes how about that what if you
can stop talking for five I don't know
what hey I don't think I can handle that
yes then you're gonna grow up to be just
like her
great hey listen when you're being
spoken to use so what do you do here at
the studios at Colonus studios we make
children's dreams come true in fact in
my younger days no you're a star but
you're far too old I said in my younger
days you can't you were young
only a little twinkle between the stars
here I'm afraid dear you
Wow
this place is really going down you know
but ten years ago now that was a studio
dream hammer was a big star back then -
he was hammer the victim dummy the evil
magistrates he's been reduced to playing
villains now not exactly the best
material to work with like villains
that's some good Beatty rules I mean
some of them
well he's fuckin Watchers the Joker I
mean there's been some classic villains
and a lot of times actors say they
prefer villains because it lets them
express themselves more openly villains
can be more you can be bigger and more
outward it's fun for a lot of actors
that's like the dumbest thing I've ever
heard never didn't you written things
that come out of my mouth I believe
crystals have supernatural properties do
we want to know more about mr. hammer
Bezemer time we're talking about mr.
Hale I like to follow the conversation
what kind of person was jack hammer oh I
get it now I didn't I didn't put that
together
jack hammer but what kind of person oh
if only if you only knew
sledge hammer it didn't last long
you've talked about sledge hammer before
there's a parody right was that the
talking gun no he talked to his gun like
it was a person okay gun did not talk it
was just a gun was that a dream sequence
in which the gun talked back I don't
recall there being one of those but it's
been ages since I've seen Cheryl a
jackhammer we live in many hearts as the
ultimate action hero he was simply
dashing in the Dynamite's samurais
series should I have heard of that but
there was an accident during the filming
five years ago he got an unlucky break
after that reduced to playing the
villain on a children's program
the villains much of a redemption I mean
it's a paying job and and usually
they're all their co-stars you know I
mean could be worse it could be what
like a security guard on a studio one
dad that'll be terrible I mean Hugo
Weaving is a fine actors mostly played
villains is Moe most of his career fine
actor fucking Michael Ironsides
he's a another grad Sir Anthony Hopkins
played we'll probably one of the most
famous villains
in any movie ever made people are still
quoting that can you like I'm sorry I
don't
we've gone off topic oh we've gone off
topic old bag we do what's more what's
more what's more I've heard they were
paying him peanuts is enough to make you
cry if I had not Botox to the tear ducts
out of my eyes I would be weeping can
you tell me about mr. willpower's who is
not a bad kid but don't be fooled by his
mass you wouldn't want him on the silver
screen without it believe me he looks
kind of handsome was he supposed to not
be handsome I have no idea yeah I think
I'm supposed to look mean
really yeah that's why mayor said he was
a murderer because she instantly snapped
judged him on his looks oh I thought he
had that kind of like big buff Hollywood
yeah ladies old ladies watching would
lose their lunch
that's probably why he thought that the
steel samurai was his big chances no one
thought he was capable of doing what he
did you poor jack hammer we don't know
for certain that willpower's is guilty
except for what i knew for certain when
i first laid eyes on him but now I
remember you recalibrated your crystals
on a dime I turned that opinion rather a
fucking dime the powers of course he's
guilty how do I know I know everything
that's my job
oh why are you so certain mr. powers is
the killer I was standing right here
yesterday I was I was here from one
o'clock in the afternoon to five o'clock
when they found the body
in a game a logic game time the times
are so gonna be important because they
keep mentioning time that five o'clock
is gonna be important that showing up at
noon who's gonna be heard getting there
this is all gonna be important I was
here from 1:00 to 5:00 in the afternoon
when they found the body now the studio
of the murder took place is to the left
here so if you want to go to the studio
you have to pass by me only one person
went by here between 1:00 and 2:30 when
the murder took place and that person
was mr. powers oh oh I'm sorry
so I I have the control I just don't
think we're gonna I just don't think
we're gonna meet I just don't think
we're gonna need knows we're probably
gonna have all this information like in
the game somewhere I'm assuming that
they're going to give us this
information later in the game probably
but don't you want to feel ahead of the
game don't you want to feel smart keep
it all up here let's see yes I saw him
but mr. powers says he was sleeping in
his dressing room oh I'm sure he would
say that he's no fool but he was the
only one that walked by he's the killer
you can bet your biscuits on
isn't about time for you to be heading
home there's nothing to see here move
along um actually we're here at mr.
powers is requests I thought you were
suspicious-looking
show me a letter of request and maybe
have just imagined this lady here thinks
she owns the place obviously but she
doesn't work here which I suppose means
she's authorized let people I'm she's
security we're just strangers logging in
I guess I guess it makes sense the main
entrance to the studio there was a big
scene here yesterday with onlookers
pressing up against the gate hmm an
overhead map of the studios right from
here is the employee area to the left
are the actual film studios the computer
that runs the studio security cameras
looks like a studio van they probably
use it to carry around film equipment or
people or food or other things you could
fit in a van I think that's all the
things okay
bush van okay
all right just one time Percy if there's
anything else nope all right let's move
out to the detention center
all right how was the studio they all
think I did it don't they
no no no no no not at all isn't that
right Nick right not at all
at worse you're a suspect sniff
sniff about the security guard at the
main gate to the studio she's terrible
she called me a fucking idiot
well to be fair I call you that several
times a day but I like it when you talk
dirty to me oh Jesus Christ no here's 17
remember is that what you said last
night oh my yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes
actually she said the same thing to me
before take off that mask where her
words I believe hmm she sucks up to all
the bigwigs at the studio yeah I heard
you could get rid of the word up in that
sentence I think she she does some other
kind of sucking joke need to get ready
up and the tomb oh that's close close I
hear she does more than sucking up to
the studio bigwigs yeah well hey I think
I want to try this one gonna miss that's
what that one was swinging in a mini
GILF oh good old granny guilt let her
see you stumble once and she'll never
let up on you girl she's got some nerve
do you think you could write up a letter
formally requesting my representation
we've got powers is requests I just hope
this will get me past that security lady
talk your alibi
mr. powers you aren't hiding anything
from me are you
what what no I'd never do that earlier
you said you were sleeping in your
dressing room after lunch yes do you
still have the diaper I'm wearing it I
need it for research I really don't
think you want it right now
oh god yes but the security lady says
she saw you that day she says she saw
you heading towards the scene of the
crime did she see them in the mass
that's what it's got me
well what
that's not possible Bob I I really don't
know what to say I was sleeping I
promised mr. powers if you want me to
help you you have to tell me the truth
I'm new to this lawyer business and I
need every advantage I can get my mama's
grave what I was sleeping so your
mother's dead as well a lot of death
around you just just point that out all
the coincidence maybe the security lady
only thought she saw me maybe because of
the samurai mask what did she see he
doesn't seem to be lying okay
all right well then let's move on back
to the studio move it on over
present yes I guess I should be Mia
she's the one who's with him was in jail
because he's a filthy murderer I changed
my mind again
it's amazing the crystals tell me
whatever I'm thinking is the truth ma'am
have a look at this it's a letter of
request from mr. powers recognize the
bold a child is scrolling Powers request
given to the security lady to think he
would entrust his fate to use Subsection
unreliable appearance really really
really really but only left from here a
to order the studio no going to the
right that's an employee area no one
allowed inside that little were my
instructions the good detective told me
himself
the detective I do make space cop for
the detective I don't remember
we're gonna have to space cops I don't
remember bonds bonds oh that makes sense
hey hey hey Jesus Christ I thought I
left you in the van
there were maps of the security guard
station wait wait were you stealing yes
my spirit guide told me it was okay
yeah oh well I guess it works out for us
50 cents apiece thank you well time to
go Nick get out of the fan now our badge
in the maps oh yeah that looks like a
that's our attorneys badge all right
well then can we write the thing the
computer that runs the studio
outside studio one she did look like a
Deadeye yes when she got mad she looked
exactly like a did I
why do attorneys have badges I don't
know it's said he finds hey there you
are detective gumshoe had you that
minaret from the other day I've said
confuse detective okay may I get this
shit out of your mouth I haven't have
you been eating pasta this whole time my
phone where the bottom of your car seat
hey Belle do you know that rescued edge
where the solid setting it's your fuck I
saw him snippet day and staring gloomily
at the window so what does that mean hey
it's me Navi hey oh Jesus Christ
he's depressed it's all your fault for
doing sloppy detective work
I'm detective I think you hurt his
feelings
oh no I'm sorry
well I think his feelings are easily
hurt you see it's like that for the
mentally handicapped they're sensitive
you're right Belle it's all my fault
oh I can blame other people all I want
but I know the truth in my hat out of a
cop of the streets hey don't take it so
hard
is there music down there in the streets
I don't play no music for you the
streets let for free
you have to earn everything done this
there is still eat you alive there's
always the next case I suppose you're
right honey pay that's me ha ha ha what
exactly are you two doing here I just
used my detective skills to realize a
thing
well we're on this case too pal what hey
you can't just go around sake bail like
that we're not officially friends oh you
have to go to the station and fill out a
friend request form Ted oh what a then I
can take bribes from you because we're
friends
that's my endearing character trait I'd
say he's a character all right oh god we
need a laugh track Club for that one
where's our boy it's in a bin it's in
the van alive trick we had a room shot I
thought we had a laugh track on one of
them okay duck
um so how is your investigation going
detective well it's hey I can't tell you
that Bell oh I almost had that's all got
financial information I almost had you
Bink Bink a case with a lot of evidence
says what what damage do you have a lot
of evidence maybe you need to be a
little more indirect into your questions
I'm sure okay so I'm going to hey I know
what the flaw in your case is let's say
it at the same time and of jinx yeah one
two three
the flaw in your case is no that's not
gonna work either
all right oh right so uh detective mind
if I take a look at what you got and
what I get
you know you mean my beasts you know
you're you're uh you one of them quiz
them game on us I want to take a look at
your briefs you wouldn't have Nancy boys
I wanna I want to uh you know unload
your briefs on me that's what I want you
to do you know like the autopsy report
the latest version if you please
right right sorry about what happened
last time bail
all right whoo I was mr. powers arrested
the murder took place right over there
in Studio One all right now the victim
edit studio wouldn't approximately 1:00
p.m. at that time there was no one of
the victim in the studio
mm-hmm according to the autopsy report
the time of death was 2:30 p.m. hmm
only one person went to the studio
between 1:00 and 2:30 and that person
was none other than willpower hmm
no one else pal but are you boy
if you think I'm lying that's that
highly reliable security lady at the
main gate I talked to her she's not
biased at all Nick if that's true I took
it I wrote down those victims showed up
at one died at 2:30 with this
information it's here anyone would think
that powers did with that kind of
evidence so far we don't actually have
any evidence right bye thanks for
cheering me up
but seriously spit that food out of your
mouth it's disgusting
look at that face all right how about
the security lady oh that's sweet old
lady
oh what a jammer she is so yeah they
call it granny goose you like the older
ladies huh little Helen Mirren action
aah
you seen brick oh well that woman does
not age wait wait a minute are you
talking about the same person
what I showed in my bed she gave me a
doughnut and some coffee and hell that's
bribe enough for me
remember what Powers said she's a sucker
for Authority something along those
lines yes she even gave me a piece of
valuable evidence which I will now not
share with you what kind of evidence
well that let their photo thing it's a
big a some kind of picture it's a
machine that makes a thing that looks
like real life and evidence you're
drawing but but not a drawing that's
very confusing to my brain I think it
captures your soul oh yes I've seen
those devices I sure II get them in
Times Square the photo of steel samurai
heading towards the scene of the crime
well Chuck man I thought there was only
one person there how the fuck does that
work oh yeah who took the phone see see
the camera up on that gate pal we
thought of that it's not a flaw the
security camera the gate you mean the
one with the welcome son yes
whenever someone walks by that camera
automatically snaps a photo wouldn't it
be better if it was a video camera like
took moving bells this is what we got to
work with okay all right Oh Nick he has
evidence well you know what Matt first
of all as a defending attorney it's also
my job just to make sure if my client is
guilty they get the best treatment
possible like you know not all of them
are gonna be innocent you mean we get
paid either way
yeah so fuck it let's just go home you
know maybe we can strike a plea deal
time
you know reduces sentence some good
behavior that that sort of thing
look I've been embezzling you as long as
we get paid what were the other I don't
care honey
for someone with hard proof he doesn't
look too happy
what's wrong there pal you seem down
down on your luck downtrodden don't look
so happy when you say that oh ho ho ho
what who is it was that who is that oh
hey Daniel thinks Eddie bonds can do
that quite as well it'd be later oh ho
ho ho there you go that's it um we'd
like to ask the employees here's some
questions you think that bell go
whatever you like
gosh you're not gonna find any clues I
haven't already found yeah but someone
around here seems to be enjoying
themselves Nick let's go we've got a
free pass in this place was a chance to
check things out I'm gonna steal some of
the props and sell them on eBay what's
that over there was that a screen-used
gremlin from gremlins - no this
suspicious gremlin prop sized lump under
my shirt yeah let's take a let's take a
tiny break and check the tip sorry we
haven't been responding as we're playing
you can read tips cuz I've been yelling
rich has been yelling wake up computer
wake up
yes the brain gremlin
well way well hey what's happening
sorry everything's broken god this this
sucks my laptop sucks and some fan this
is hilarious as a law student this is
infuriating oh I believe it oh here we
go
here we go
anonymous says go Gamecocks Final Four
baby whoa
Oh what good name cocks all right all
right all right uh sigga sigga says
Space Camp is given me the vapors David
Oh David
II know people says hey we booze Jack
what did you think about the flash
Supergirl musical crossover I haven't
gotten to it yet I've been catching up
been editing trying to catch up a little
bit I haven't seen that one yet I'm
really looking forward to it as it looks
like it's gonna be super fun do you
think the TV Barry Allen will be better
than the movie I haven't seen the movie
one yet listen there it's two different
worlds the the TV actor is judged by a
different metric than a movie actor they
don't have the time the budget the
resources to like really nail down
scenes movie actors have more time to
get the character right so they're
they're judged on two different levels
does that mean a TV character of a
character can't be better cast
hold on do you think the TV panel is
better well I was going by just acting
president prowess because you know like
some of the things they do in the TV are
kind of cheesy and some of the acting is
not top-notch but it's TV acting okay I
think he's cast perfectly I think he's
great he's a great Barry Allen so we'll
see how movie flash works movie flash
looks like he's a little kind of on the
autism spectrum so you're saying totally
it's different enough they're gonna be
hard to apples and oranges kind of hard
to compare well and like not just from a
technical level better I've never
watched show so I have no idea what the
show was like he's a he's a fun-loving
goofy dude you know okay so well then
obviously exactly it looks like the Zack
Snyder funny one is Batman giggles
giggles the Batman that's what they call
all right let's see here PS rich have
you ever thought about doing a voiceover
for anime no apparently you'd be great I
have not invisible string says hey guys
I adore both of you equally what were
some of the worst cartoons you watched
growing up there were so much garbage I
remember the Teen Wolf animated series
like just watched or watched and enjoyed
do you remember
let's see here there's a difference okay
I got a spiral zone was like a really
cheap 80s action toy series I don't
think they made that many episodes but I
enjoyed it there there was a time and
remember I'm a little younger than you
are there was a time i religiously
watched the new kids on the block
cartoon kidding I was very young I had
it I have an older sister who was very
into the new kids I got into the new
kids for a short period the cartoon was
on I watched the new kids on the block
cartoon my first statement after hearing
that was are you kidding my second
statement is there was a kids in the
block cartoon there was a new kids on
the block cartoon weird isn't that crazy
weird yes
so that would probably be the like I
haven't seen it grew up on a farm give
me a break Thank You hack pot yeah I
haven't seen it as an adult but I'm sure
it's utter garbage utter utter garbage
Jason the wheeled warriors action toy
series cartoon show nice J michael
Straczynski wrote it he was thinking one
of the guys in charge okay
it was totally ripping off Star Wars I
haven't seen it so long I don't know how
it holds up though no sir not well Sarah
Chen says at last Phoenix right though
unfortunately I suddenly have a work
meeting at 7:00 tonight it's like the
universe doesn't want me to be happy or
something I'm very grateful though that
I'll watch the rest of it after well
there you go Sarah Jen today ax whoa
thank you during a during many a hard
day you have been they're bringing
laughter and making me look forward to
every Wednesday and Sunday thanks
Phoenix right full life and God bless
well thank you to the ex we really
appreciate that
Joerg Lynde says I love these kind of
streams keep them up they are always fun
for the audience at least for me I know
a lot of people were looking for this
and you know what it's a fun game it's
fun to do voices
we didn't deliberately put it off as
long as we did it really should just
kept coming up exactly every time we
planned on it exactly don't make rich
angry says who would win in a fight for
the phonetic use of the name Lobo space
Wolverine or low blow international
action star Leo Fong fight between the
two who would win in a fight I don't
know the other one I only know Leo Fong
Lobo you talk about Lobo Lobo oh I'm
thinking like ello WB o Lobo vs. low
blow
well Lobo has superpowers here's here's
the here's the qualifier question does
Leo Fong have his car because he could
poorly Drive and run over Lobo
you know they changed his powers because
it was too ridiculous yeah love what
used to be like a gremlin Oh room every
time every every drop of blood would
grow a new clone oh that's funny yeah
yeah that's funny
let's see here anonymous says Shalom
rich Shalom Jack Shalom that's what I
said
he said Shalom I don't know what a
Shalom is bum should believe a Shalom
Shalom is the word you're looking for is
it Shalom or Shalom Shalom I thought I
always pronounce the Sean I could be you
know what I have been wrong many times
especially when it comes to pronouncing
things you might have the edge I thought
it was Shalom it could be Shalom rich
and I are Gentiles so sha okay Oh
chalant oh you guys are no help Jack is
very wrong
great all right um which do you prefer
Flintstones or Jetsons Flintstones all
the giggles thanks for all the gigglers
Flintstones yep not that I don't love me
some science fiction you know I just
don't care for either really no I'm
significantly younger than you I had we
had other cartoons well I saw The
Flintstones in rerun it wasn't exactly
new when I was watching The Flintstones
yeah no I'm not a big fan of either okay
it's Salaam in Arabic and Shalom in
Hebrew oh my god we're both right all
right all right
well the Hebrew said it first so and I
was right I was more right than you are
all right did we already talk to this
guy
we did all right let's let's examine see
what we got here how's that the studio
mascot I guess it's a monkey of some
kind the heads off but what kind of
monkey has a nose like that he's holding
a sign in his hand right studio on the
studio to you what's up with that thing
it looks kind of busted hmm interesting
yeah that was pretty strong yesterday
and the head broke off haven't yesterday
the same day as the murder I'm just
gonna assume it was the wind and was in
no way everybody's not paying any
attention to that that makes sense
because you know wills guilty that's the
end of story I mean the old lady gave me
a doughnut I have a cheap ride yeah but
she knows what I like yeah I took that
tree out that tree down with the two
interesting the tree oh that's examining
that the tree right under the mask oh it
looks like a bush but that's tree oh
okay there you go
the entrance to studio one this is the
studio where they found jackhammers body
let's go in and check it out Nick stop
calling me Nick
hey it's luck I didn't why didn't my
crystals tell me that apparently you can
use your teleportation power to get to
the gate but not on the other side of it
that's interesting is that a line of
sight thing it looks like you need a
card key to get in
it makes sense oh oh it makes sense
they would want to keep non-employees
out the tree the tree listen I'm just
looking around detective gumshoe what's
down the path to the left it looks like
a tree fell down over the path oh yeah
that head weighs get it dangerous she's
probably stay out of that ballad but
there's nothing down there anyway
there's no like evidence that would
prove your client's innocence or
anything like that just ignore it ignore
that path you know we got have we got a
week of summer since we just gotta say
someone's guilty it's all we really need
I don't need too much of a headache here
with you with like finding the real
killer but it kind of nonsense like that
I'm just gonna I got my donut done they
don't use it anymore that's when he was
in check out that camera hey there's a
camera here I mean I knew that cuz he
already told me that it was out there
and that's the security camera it takes
photos of people going to the studio all
you have to do is look at the data you
can see who went where that's there's a
number plate on that camera rich a
number that we could write down st-1 -
3:07
good thing jack always keeps his
handy-dandy notebook on him at all times
just for this such occasions get it that
must be the camera ID number
some big welcome sign above the path
yeah that pen leads the studios welcome
side it's crazy they wanted to make sure
that anyone entering and knew that they
could come in good good job their mayor
that was some crackerjack pointing that
thing out have you signed yep all right
they've started letting people in on
days they are filming they make a bit of
extra money judging for admission hmm
what you sure know a lot about this
place detective well it's my job I'm a
detective
I aim to find this information
yeah you could say I've detected all of
this stuff about the studio I've
detected put it together man but you
know you can always quit being a
detective and work here yeah and what
perfect timing with the studio mascot
down for the count
sorry I was being drawn yes what's that
supposed to mean pally boy this you're a
monkey an ape you're less than human
yeah you're you're you're a primal
primal well that can't be because
evolution is alive Lord don't be so Oh
Sonny
you people could put that in your books
but I got the only book that matters
what book is that book of Satan it also
follows the Genesis story so we also
don't believe in evolution I would make
a lot of so I worship Satan that would
make a lot of sense Satan tells the
ending a lot differently to the Garden
of Eden story he tells it exactly the
same way
the snake was the only one who was being
honest in this story no but the snake
one it was a victory the Garden of Eden
was a victory that's right lo and behold
it was the Tree of Knowledge that's what
I'm saying snake was the oddest party
and so instead of the moral of the story
being you didn't listen to God you get
kicked out the moral of the story and
man was forever happy with their ever
flowing knowledge you're welcome man I
think that's it you have the Internet
you should thank the fucking snake
that's why I worship Satan because I
like the Internet I think that's
everything
can we
look at that for what for Satan you'd be
two people hanging around in the under a
bush I did not watch either Dawson's
Creek or Beverly Hills now don't you
want to Jack trigger Joyce can I can I
not look at this Oh
apparently I'm presenting you with this
thing that you gave me
um detective any ideas about this
autopsy report look I don't got no time
for every little trinket you got the
Bell okay how do I look at the photo he
hasn't given me a photo well I guess we
can move to this studio main gate I
think it is
Nick Nick look that security lady is in
the guard station stuffing a fat fucking
face with donuts the same doughnuts you
probably used to bribe the detective
let's get a video of her and briber well
put it on the internet so kids make fun
of her I guess all cops like their
doughnuts ah yeah and they're soft in US
and they're soft enough
she doesn't need teeth to chew them Oh
see I can make fun of old ladies tea
just yes God that was horribly
incentives your prick the the only Asia
I like is euthanasia Hey Oh God oh my
god didn't like that one your fucking
monster
hey we're not even gonna get to a course
that's true that's true
you guys didn't you know I didn't like
time that's fine it's fine if you didn't
like my Athanasius I would see well are
you satisfied powers is guilty yet she
had to make my life harder by giving
that photo to detective gumshoe why
didn't you tell us about the security
photo ma'am oh no that is nothing really
I thought it would be more thrilling to
talk with the detective himself the
things are important you know oh just to
the left here is the gate with the
camera that took the photos it is my job
to check the photos every days yes
about the security camera oh yes the
cameras i high-quality it's the sony
camera this is amazing it's automatic
you can tell when someone walks through
the gate and then it snaps a photo
apparently it records the time when it
takes a picture - whoa but I don't
bother myself with those details
just a pretty face here no brains - view
all the photos on the computer all over
in the security guard station I check
him every day before I go home I do yeah
this guard station is in a central
position no matter where you go here you
pass by my station first now Paul hammer
he went to the studio just before 1
o'clock the murder happened right around
2:30 see the only one I see going
through here between 1:00 and 2:30 was
powers himself the security camera got a
good look at him - if he's not the one
what did it I don't know who is maybe it
was you she thinks I was joking
ah was the victim mr. hammer a popular
actor oh he was the biggest star in
studio was past tense I understand he is
no longer as popular as he once was I
really think your Phoenix Wright was
just great I appreciate that I do I'm
pretty happy with it oh yes he was great
as the bearded samurai oh I was at the
bearded clam I get them confused I have
a brain disorder Maya how many times
must I tell you don't confuse your
children's programming with your
hardcore pornography well that's two
years he shone the brightest a back in
the day making a style I can't play the
evil magistrate it's this grace I tell
you Hannah took it pretty hard
and who can blame him sure let's try to
um sure now that we've talked to her
maybe we can the computer that runs the
secure studio security cameras
where if we move we can go oh we can't
go to the employee area now Nick big
boobs swing behind the scenes stuff look
Baron's powers dressing room
no one's here this soon after the murder
right yes still a lot of cleaning to do
you want to power wash that out of the
floors stains through the carpet let's
take a look around for more perhaps to
steal what for what my clues that's
right there's that there's the old girl
let's see here examine this there's a
sign by the dressing-room door will
powers it must be neat to be the star
and have your own room like this I mean
look it's taped on with scotch tape and
everything the door to the dressing room
it's not hey Nick let's take a look
inside I said a very obvious thing I
mean I'm sure you would have thought to
have opened the door that wasn't locked
that was the door where our clients
dressing room is where he said he was
sleeping when the murder occurred I'm
still I'm like the obvious thing would
have been to zone that room look around
but I'm just gonna throw it out there as
suggestion there was a reason I examined
the door Maya what do you mean find the
samurai spirit evidence did I mean
wasn't we don't need a spear it was the
murder weapon we don't need a spear and
that's the murder weapon for crying out
loud I'd I'm read
what I'm thinking say everything I say
what I think everything let's see here
Cola candy chips gum huh it's so normal
I was expecting some cool themed snacks
or something popcorn at least samurai
soda by offering me samurai soda I hate
that stuff
lady you drink it you drink it you got
damn harpy there's a window there's a
Sun that was the sign but I like the
examine is also on this window thing a
window into the dressing room the glass
is frosted so I can't see inside the
remains of yesterday's lunch are
scattered around everyone was probably
too shocked to clean up there's a t-bone
on one of the plates - the steak you're
writing down eatin t-bone okay
what is my opinion on the television
program my 600-pound life I've never
seen it t-bone steak it would probably
be very depressing I would have hit the
spot what are you a monster we're here
to investigate a murder you and you just
had a hamburger god damn it get your
iron levels up what is it your period or
something I say women need more iron
during that time because the other thing
they excrete what they say that women
need more iron during their period
because they lose so much blood and
vitamins and nutrients periods gonna
keep for you because I'm on the rag
nobody in this dressing room oh all
right we'll be back in a moment
know what I know I'm not a girl that's
right that's right you're 17 never mind
never mind when's your birthday again
Maya Teknik your actual technical
birthday just turned 17 it's not god
damn it I'm practically sixteen really
Oh what is this hmm a metal grate on the
drain here has been taken off that's a
pretty big drain a kid could fit through
there I bet Maya find a kid we're gonna
shove him through this grate give me
nine months wait a minute
we'll need more than that you're on the
rag I said there's an empty dressing
room you're on the rag we'll need a
couple days a week sorry I was raised on
the rhythm messing it well if
you want to leave that way be my guest
your Maya right hey I'm not a kid
technically you are I do watch a
children's Samurai show and you can't
vote yet there's a half-finished
backdrop for a stage hero look they do
matte paintings how quaint looks like a
castle
probably neo old Tokyo Castle you call
that a castle I believe their castle
looks like a palace or something I think
I think Castle I think is something very
specific made out of like stones you're
thinking European castle yes you're
thinking you're I'm sure though that's
like the definition of a castle though
to me well I think a castle sure they
probably have something very similar
that they call a castle that's like the
same Ford it's a fortified place okay
right okay
fortress right right let's see here
looks like one of those electric powered
bicycles I don't know about these I mean
what's the point all the moving and none
of the pedaling don't when you drive
your car you like I'll hold the floor
and use your feet it's a fucking food
stones of course doesn't everyone I
don't pay for gasoline don't people
cycle to get exercise okay the remains
of yesterday's lunch are scattered
around everyone apprised around auntie
Bonilla we already got that she may I
would not go in the vents
that must be the storage room that's
where they keep all the film equipment
Wow Nick you sure know a lot about the
industry were you a failed filmmaker
before you were here no it's just what
else would they keep in the studio
storage area
I bet I saw your name in the credits
when I watched partners you how did you
know about that it's never been
officially released rich I've ever seen
any Michael Moore documentaries yeah
yeah I like I think he's an interesting
filmmaker he often uses voiceover a
little - a little too heavily you know
like a good filmmaker will use the
images to tell the story Michael Moore
this even in a documentary you use some
documentaries I like a really good
documentary can just show everything
Michael Moore just likes to hit the
hammer a little hard but yeah it makes
him find a country and birds sure I'm
sure
lots of narration those I just saw
someone has to I mean in the chat know
as we were taking a little breather I
said it you know all right I think this
is all the things we can let's go back
over here can we get into this room well
if we got to move now
are there more options oh maybe let's
see here
yeah Sam right yeah all right so if we
go back and move dressing room there you
go huzzah let's see here
powers is dressing room so this is where
he was sleeping quick maiya sniff the
bed I mean what never mind I need five
minutes alone you just tried to get me
to bend over by the bed again made
mitten no no one actually saw him taking
a nap here did they sounds like this
entire case is just hearsay a lot of it
is yeah on both sides right and there's
a picture of him near the crime scene
I hope he's telling the truth for his
sake there's a bunch of snacks on the
table they must give these to the
employees some tea and cookies Suri Chen
you've been lobbying for Phoenix right
for how much remember she has to go to
work okay she has to go to work before
you before you give her the she said she
said she said she in fact she tipped
earlier and she was like I can't believe
that I have to go to work tonight okay
settle down rich Evans see you later
she can you believe that rich what a
dick what a horrible dickhead hey you
just had a burger yeah but I have a
separate stomach for sweets
that's another crazy thing I believe
like a cow you're saying you're a cow
all right where is this photo there's a
vast array of cosmetics here oh not for
your ugly face for his what what yes
someone needed to tell you yes father I
was really hurtful yeah listen I
literally could have gone my entire life
without doing any differently a little
bit happier no no people are talking
people keep asking me to put a leash on
you yeah most people have like you know
the common decency not to talk about my
face I'm what I'm saying is it's
affecting me now people are wondering
where I keep the troll food this is the
wig he used in samurai boogie woogie
Nick try this on no god damn it you cunt
bitch and how can you tell the name of a
wig show just by looking at a wig hi I
can't like samurai movies no shit you've
done nothing but talk about them since
I've known you
there's some regular suits in among the
costumes here
those must be his own clothes
it'd be fun to wear what are the
costumes role-playing huh you want to be
the samurai I'll be the evil warlord
sure all right
pay off V babe we stole these
oh sure that too yeah grab a couple
already stuffed them under my dress
we'll lose the case on purpose then
it'll be more valuable on purpose God
you mean on purpose I think you're
already gonna lose the case oh now
settle down looks like someone was
sleeping here on the couch maybe Powers
did take a nap here yesterday huh didn't
he say there was a picture in here
this must be powers tag hey don't open
that why not it could have evidence in
its shit
run run were paying all of our bills for
the next six months he won't have time
to dispute the charges he's going to
jail
oh it's uh oh never mind it's an
employee key card fuck that must be all
that's of no use to us
it says Studio One oh let's you let's
take it dick it might not be a credit
card but it's something okay okay if we
get caught with it we'll say we borrowed
it all right with you I'm with you just
borrowing it when we first got in here
he's so busy trying to find humor here
what is the key card for what was the ID
for remember by the welcome sign there
was the gate to Studio one that I can't
get in so we could go over there now but
when we first got in here yeah he said
something about a picture being in here
honestly look at the doors he that's the
makeup and stuff the table was all the
food stuff under the couch that's
probably just gonna give me the couch
time looks like I want to say a window
what can you see out that window I know
it's frosted but it's locked
looks like he doesn't open his windows
much I guess it is kind of dusty outside
what's over here there's a bunch of
snacks some tea and cookies - hungry
chat saying you should have wrote a
check what if you leave the room come in
listen okay big boom alright move you
guys might want to speed things up again
a bit maybe you've never been here for a
Phoenix right string oh the whole point
is we we do bits we do voices and try to
riff off of them yeah he didn't say it
again but I think I've examined
everything I couldn't hear unless you
unless in general everyone wants us to
move along and get it on with it
I hope this is another one of those
situations where I can't look at because
here's what here's what I'm guessing
yeah I'm guessing there's going to be a
picture of him over the standing over
the dead body are you thinking with the
picture that the security lady gave to
the detective that's the picture well
that's the one we need we don't have
that one he said you know he said no the
picture of him standing over the dead
body so what I'm assuming is that
picture is going to have him in one set
of clothing and the picture of him
killing the guy is going to be in the
outfit and that's how we're gonna prove
it was two different people all right
but that's not bad that's what I'm
assuming but of course we don't we don't
have anything right now
okay so let's uh let's go to a studio
main gate and then this this Biddy ain't
good anything new to sauce yeah I guess
you might have someone here to say
excuse me outside studio tonight me I'm
just standing to give haven't moved in
it's actually since you left
honestly I I stepped in some glue they
were working out a new set they had
construction glue industrial-strength
and I I gotta stepped it I'm too
embarrassed to really say anything about
it take my shoes off and walk around you
know barefoot I would really be you know
I I got an image I'll just I'm just
standing in saves fun by this is the
studio where they found jackhammers body
let's go in and check it out Nick I am
so gonna go horse
I wonder if this key card we borrowed
from the dressing room will work well
then it's a race rich who goes horse
first
it opened oh wait we're in it's probably
gonna be you you're you're really you're
you're clinching your vocal cords so
it's probably gonna be you she's way too
happy for someone visiting a crime scene
here we go
oh so it's a horse race that's great
Tiberius oh whatever shit that's great I
had another mood swing you really are on
the rag but that's a sensor that's a
tasteless joke
if you depress to get upset about that
one if my wife heard me making these
kind of jokes she would probably smack
me you're real quiet all of the sudden I
just told you I had a mood swing yeah
jerk no I that I wasn't asking you a
question I was saying I'm enjoying
what's happening right now the first
time in our relationship in which you've
been quiet for more than 30 seconds and
god damn it let me enjoy it oh sweet
relief
oh I can hear my head oh it sounds like
nature all right five minutes oh Jesus
Christ
four and a half I keep trig doesn't it
give you shivers Nick that white tape
it's so enticing I mean so real yes that
is actual tape well well the evil of a
magistrate did die here and the steel
samurai killed him
the murder weapon was the samurai spear
sounds pretty real to me all right let's
examine the shit out of this camera for
one let's check out the camera oh sure
this is all fucking real in the camera
oh well we solved this case really easy
they outlined where jackhammers body lay
with tape his body was found still
inside the evil magistrate costume I
guess that's why the head part looks
like a helmet Oh funny I expected a
spear stabbing would leave at least a
few bloodstains
I guess the costume must have absorbed
most of my guests Nintendo censors must
absorb most of I'm happy and excited now
look at that camera that must have cost
a ton I don't think I've got room under
my dress well the props and costumes
I've been stealing rich what's your porn
name the name of your first pet and the
street that you have the name you the
name of the street you know what I'm not
giving you that kind of personal
information that you might be able to
use like like that's like a sneaky wait
that's inches way like finding
somebody's social security number mm-hmm
like those are like password questions
right they're like maybe your first pet
oh you know you're right I know this
bank sure that's a security question
name of this first part well I know no
that's because he cuz I asked him a
seemingly innocuous question yeah you're
not getting that out of me but I'll say
this
it's a highly embarrassing name oh it's
terrible
let's say here don't hey Maya stop
touching everything
whoa it's heavier than I thought okay
hold the hold on for a second zip and
also the camera there we go
that's that's what I was going for which
I cannot steal because it's too heavy
oh Jesus Christ
hey sorry oh oh hey sorry my partner is
kind of you know you know no I don't
know um who are you Oh me I'm like an
assistant here I help with the props and
stuff moving them around ordering the
new ones etc we're lawyers representing
mr. will powers I'm sorry I'm a lawyer
you are apparently a crystal handmaiden
I don't know what you do oh you're W
Pease people W P o willpower's WP I get
it written that took way too long really
man
I don't envy you guys one bit bud do
what you can for WP okay or whatever
he'd never heard of fly he has to be
innocent don't worry leave it to us okay
you got angry again Maya no shit this
lady sounds like she's going to help us
what that's that's why that's what I'm
asking you
I look very angry
could you tell me anything about the day
of the murder yeah I was in the studio
the whole day man I can't help but
notice you picked a low-key voice
considering we've got this whole horse
race thing going on look at her
come on come on man well what I'm in my
head I'm trying to do Daria but like I
don't I can't do female voices so it's
like I was the only assistant on staff
that day you see only one assistant for
a character and a Hokie children's TV
show with a low budget
yeah well the studio isn't doing so well
right now
yesterday was only rehearsal for our
action sequences oh I see yeah that
makes a lot of sense yeah in the morning
we went through the action sequences in
the employee area WP and Hammer were
there along with everyone else the
employee area that's where power is this
dressing room is in the morning yeah I
remember he said between 9:00 and noon
they were there didn't he say he
overslept
that was the afternoon practice they
were there between 9:00 and noon
practicing because I keep that shit in
my head rich the employee area that's
where powers is dressing room is right
yeah that's the place
after eating lunch fare mr. hammer went
to Studio One
then I saw WP go into his dressing room
but I didn't see either of them after
that we confirm he was in the dressing
room of one witness no after rehearsal
she said that one he went to his
dressing room right okay after eating
lunch mr. hammer went to studio I went
to the studio and will wander to the
dresser right after lunch at noon yeah
at noon not at 1:00 okay okay it's
important lunch would end at like 1:00
you start lunch at noon this is a video
game cuz what's-his-face is in the
studio at 1:00 no he's in studio 1 and
he was there at 1:00 that was from
something else wasn't it he was at the
scene of the crime from 1:00 to 2:00 us
when the murder took place he got here a
woman no one is when they saw the person
walking right I'm right I'm right did
you know that mr. Powers was sleeping in
his room no I wouldn't go in there
unless I had some urgent message for him
I mean it's his private what kind of
girl do you think I am a slut listen
don't assume my gender identity or
preferences see the way you're looking
at Nick he's mine I'm uh I'm uh I'm a
carrot sexual I'm only sexually
attracted to orange produce
okay don't judge me but I was nuts
well what cut no I'm not sure you're a
fish I'm sure you're a fine girl a fine
ass girl I'm sorry so much for getting a
confirmation of powers alibi what do we
do Nick we haven't found anything
WP was the only one who came to the
studio then he has to be the killer they
even have a photograph that we don't
have I'm sorry I know you're busy not
really I mean yes super busy actually
there's been something bothering me
that's what I'm talking about a clue
baby Oh lead wow you must be Gigi's you
must be doing a terrible job if you're
this excited about a clue I'm like dumb
Velma well I don't know about that but
that day just after noon I sensed
someone was here you know afternoon when
lunch let out like I've said before you
sensed yeah several times some other
studio employees maybe no I don't think
so
the only thing we had scheduled was an
action scene run-through
I was the only assistant here that day I
don't know that that's the that's the
sound mixers they're in the neck filming
an action scene in the other studio
they're working on the score for next
week's episode we still have a show to
make they actually fell music yes yeah
feelin live with the music it's terrible
to edit that's why we have to practice
so much I keep telling him we could say
thousands if we just did the music we're
going bankrupt they don't listen to me I
have a feeling it was someone from
outside really wait if someone had come
in here wouldn't that security lady have
noticed them yeah you're right
unless it was through that grate that we
already talked about someone being able
to get through or she's in on it oh sure
I'm sorry I don't have any better
information than the dads no thanks that
helps us a lot
anything helps what security plenty in a
spot so you sensed use it makes perfect
sense I do it all the time using big old
quotes here someone other than the
regular film crew was in the studio I
said someone was in my bedroom last
night turned out it was just the wind
that time but it was please stop telling
me about your wind lover Gary that's
what your nickname for the wind for your
for your ceiling fan is that gently
blows across yeah I think I think
doesn't cut it in a witness testimony
studio she must see them heading out a
mood swing Oh
oh my you're terrifying let's continue
examining oh man all of these so much
it's gonna be horrible
that voice is so shrill 1 2 3 on the
floor we did that already they outlined
with jackhammers body ladies about its
founder hey man that's right I guess
this chair Hey look that's the chair the
director sits in always water to sit one
of those I don't know why don't just do
it now I mean no one else is here but
it's like what she an intern no no but
but you know you'd have to step over
where the body died and maybe ruin
evidence for our case yeah but go ahead
you go ahead and sit if that's what you
feel like you have to do hey Nick take a
look at that I got distracted so I
forgot how about the chair one of those
black and white boards they clap the
start of filming and what a megaphone
real live megaphone are you a child
oh yes you are you're 17 we know that
all right all right how much children's
shows ready Nick action I'm playing with
this thing you're a goddamn liability
that's what you are chari yes I'm
playing this on my it's a it's a modded
3dsxl and if you see here this is the
power and then this cord right here is a
USB out it has a it's modded for a video
out so we can do stuff like this oh why
do you let me come on cases with you I
have tried to ditch you every single day
since we've met you have an uncanny
ability to follow people maybe that'll
be useful for me one day so why I had to
run behind you in the van on the way
here yes
your quads are impressive I don't see
can we do a stepladder look a stepladder
that's a stepladder that's that's what I
just said I mean a big difference oh you
need to stop judging me based on your
narrow-minded cultural assumptions Nick
how how is calling it a stepladder a
cultural assumption I've offended I
didn't call it an Irish ladder I did an
Indian ladder great right sorry then
that was my fault apparently or just
don't don't sue me and I think that's
everything is this backpack anything now
cords
let's get me a camera yeah look at the
camera
like gonna be the chair yeah it's the
director share all right the bag cannot
be examined the bag is nothing cannot be
examined
all right that's everything in there
sorry Ms in this so much cuz that that
is bound to get old I'm sure it's
already old you know then I was just
going waves people hate it hate it hate
it and say say just the right thing and
it'll come on back yeah all right well
let's move on out of here let's talk to
that biddy outside still here still
glued to the ground did you did you call
for help like subtly I don't know they
don't want you to make a ruckus about it
but just you said just have someone show
up with some solvent good goodbye what
you all still here
really you look as though you've seen it
goes ooh I see goes all the time
it's actually my other job Maya don't
talk it's really not a big deal do not
talk to anyone including me what I saw
that suspicious look on your face I
won't I wanted to ask you again about
yesterday you came you came here at 1
o'clock p.m. correct and the estimated
time of hammers death was 2:30
are you sure that Powers was the only
one to go through here between those
times this sure as can be
I've lost I've lost five of the notes
the notes are not useless oh no here
wait wait it's the last page go from the
back to the last page okay
awaken wait wait rich the rich is making
that lady showed up rich is making notes
that we have already made in the
notebook it's like the second line is
between 1:00 and 2:30 okay it's your
line we have a witness there was someone
from outside here that day I know it's
true you sure you were here watching the
whole time
that's too much obnoxious between me and
may just do it normal yeah this is
Christ just do it I was doing the
Deadites I know one line fine oh my god
between that may up we're gonna lose
everyone in the stream they're gonna
leave and do something less obnoxious
they're gonna do something better with
their lives you're right you're right oh
she left
well Nick
look this is our chance to do we can
without hurt looking over our shoulders
oh oh by the way alta makes her no I
didn't skip everything that that's what
that lady does this she'll cycle through
all of her dialogue without me pressing
any buttons okay so that was not me
skipping it do it like Cobra Commander
Mingus alright oh we can finally look at
the computer it's the computer that runs
the studio security cameras Nick maybe
we could see that photo of powers with
this compute orb
it's a computer yeah yeah that's what
it's called sure of course try it
what is the birds now work one of these
things Nick I took a typing class in
college looks like I have to enter a few
numbers let's see here first I need the
date of the murder looks like the camera
turned out at 1:00 p.m. that day one
that was when the security lady arrived
at the guard station please enter the
number of the security camera Oh No
if only we wrote it down yo you you
didn't need me to write anything done
there were certain things that you
didn't you didn't you didn't need it at
all you know yet the memory it's like
it's still still track still trapped
okay I'll guess and you tell me if I get
it right okay but if I don't then you
tell me the real one okay
I'm gonna say 7:03 no no 307 gosh darnit
notes people and that's that's why
you're right no it's that's true there
entered hey print out the data for that
day
let's see what we've got
huh how is this a picture of willpower's
well he is the one who always wears that
suit I guess that's why the security
lady thought it was him I don't imagine
the detective is very happy with this
photo as evidence hmm something's
printed on the back October 15th 2 p.m.
photo number 2 what does that mean it
means there are two photos what I can't
count
instead of one of the things there are
two of the things maybe there's more
photo data from that day nope that's
dealing one of the computer so they've
deleted a second photo okay hey hey
listen
oh jeez where's my flute where's my
flute of time hey listen I'm gonna go
back in time and lose your case on
purpose so you won't be by my side then
you would be a lawyer worth it I'm gonna
go work at the local McDonald's and be
happy
can we use this photo as evidence in the
trial absolutely not you didn't obtain
it legally
fucking dumb Maya we can use this photo
they they don't care about legal we've
been through these cases before rich
they have no regard for the true legal
process if we found this under a bus
stop they would be ok with it yeah of
course we can well put that security
lady in her place with this right we'll
put her in her place
hey that's what I said hey wait anyway
what I'm saying I'm sorry trailing off
it's ok you can show her this foot show
her this photo and see what she says oh
wait how about we don't do your idea
what it's never a good idea to reveal
your hand to the enemy too soon Nick
you're craftier than I gave you credit
for
it's a from from days of trying to have
evade you I've learned a few tricks very
well I'm still here
you're the end boss as far as I'm
concerned why you could be the next evil
magistrate is that a compliment relax it
was just a joke so we've done for today
I think this photo is what we needed for
the trial still it'd be better if we had
some idea who the real killer was maybe
it really is that security lady
well I mean that's day one I'm going
horse yeah we have a clear and obvious
breaking point hold on let's save I know
this isn't our longest stream but I
simply can't keep doing this we're okay
with that okay
I saved great great to be continued
another day I will remember to bring
this on Wednesday so perhaps we can just
continue on Wednesday and if she's gonna
be a major I may have to tell them we're
just toted yeah just bring it bring it
down a peg I think you were you're you
got a little too excited at first little
to exit a little over two hours not a
long stream but hey a fine fine stream
yeah oh do I have to get out of this
no save the game and suspend play yes I
love Mayo I love her in smaller doses
though yeah that's irritating for me to
hear all the time and I'm the one doing
the voice she wasn't in the first case
that much probably because she was in
prison right right just use a male voice
for her it's fine
Phoenix well I just have to scream I'm
just trying to keep with the character
I'd been doing which is yeah just kind
of crazy and loud obnoxious right just
take her down take it down you can do
that all right well then let's go over
here and oh do have any tips that we
need to catch up on wake up am i giving
this to me coz you oh you cuz you're
gonna oh of course of course
mm-hmm well then uh uh Jack LeMond says
one of the best parts of this stream is
the character acting in games like this
and police quest keep up the great work
guys
cheers I agree that was that's a lot of
fun like with this in the text adventure
rich I never saw it that way Satan is
totally why I can watch to hack frauds
playing video games in Milwaukee twice a
week instead of getting a real job
thanks Satan Satan finds that really
offensive
why horns are a sign of his heritage and
nationality and he doesn't like you
appropriating them some guy who cares
has loved the stream and thanks for the
hours of entertainment this message is
for mo who is studying for a world
religions exam at the moment and
listening to the stream you son of a
bitch that's what some guy who says
you're calling them a son of a bitch I'm
calling everyone's sons of bitches
everyone's sons of bitches just looking
ahead here so we're caught up they've
gone up and I think and there shouldn't
be any problems I keep forgetting the
thing what thing the thing like John
Carpenter's The Thing or the rethink I
keep forgetting John Carpenter's The
Thing all right
it is now time to thank all the people
who subscribe to us during the stream
much like the dude 1944 who has recent
sin a row and her son Matt 11:25 slashed
from ducktales 429 fucking months in a
row and slash from ducktales says thanks
so much for making my date with mr.
Wright's his majesty Henry Baxendale
nice rich thank you thank you oh good
Emma what's my favorite one a feminine
feminine the fucking month in a row
salary seven I shall rise again capitals
for the different words that worked the
best idea that works great for I shall
rise again yeah turbo Dangerfield
hi well that's the best day of all time
it's just like Helldivers you'd love it
mochi be 85 for 33 fucking months in a
row and mochi says thanks for the fun
streams also enough yeah enough play
this Phoenix right game you played it
too much lately play some XCOM it's been
too long
Zeno trove for 32 fucking months in a
row Zeno Trump says I'm very happy that
were experienced me more Phoenix Wright
for my anniversary you might say that I
have no objection lower arch on for 31
fucking months in a row insert Rich's
snark here retreat reverie plugging in
your mic
just make sure it's all plugged in I'm
getting no levels what how about now I
don't what what yeah you're bobbing up
what was the last one you written
there's no Bob okay t CLP nine nine nine
nine for 30 fucking months in a row says
30 months already thanks for continuing
to make me laugh okay this goth gaming
twenty six fucking months and roses the
voices are the best part agreed
star horror bowls for 22 fucking months
in a row old handsaw twelve months in a
row says these FINA Krait streams are
great background background noise for
driving it's like listening to a shitty
crime novel on horrible dark rich and I
are available to read your audio books
will give a will give your characters
the same amount of care that we give
these phoenix wright characters how long
is my mic been out i just saw some in
the entire stream and it's just been
audible because i've been screaming as
maiya know picking up in your mic is
that possible possible yes okay someone
probably would have said something
before that it might just not have been
noticeable as anything being wrong no i
thought i said you had a level i thought
i saw you hit a level let's see here
rich reads Stardust for twenty six
fucking months in a row
Austin Technicolor thirty two months in
a row fucking months in a row even
probably remember that movie Strange
Days is lost in Technicolor
thirty-two fucking lost that was a
pretty good movie anyways love you Jake
and Mitch I remember that movie I don't
remember that movie like a cyberpunk II
kind of future people are addicted to
this machine that lets you experience
other people's memories and those got a
murder mystery involved sure I don't
remember now let's see here
odd nah jest says name pronounced odd no
I came really close with odd Nam so odd
no just rich since you never shut up
about vank which I have the perfect game
for you language Vinc which you know uh
uh oh you put a little you put a little
ham bacon between the bread you get a
vanquish it's pretty great
it's called Bulletstorm for PC it's
great you can trust me I am a dick as
well okay have you ever played
Bulletstorm no I think I've heard of it
obviously I'm not very familiar with
we'll look it up well look at you know
what but I put a bowl of steamed over
here steam is gonna upload well look it
up veg gashing to me you monster four
twenty four fucking months in a row you
monster I gave up accomplishing anything
at all tonight to listen to you fraud
scream at the camera a kibbutz
what's scream at the camera a kibbutz at
each other and I wouldn't have it any
other way
my name is tape 21 fucking months and
roses just give me a sanz's voice
his voice and what was his brother name
sans and papyrus was my favorite
combination that was great
good old sans and papyrus also snoop
nope nope nope he loaded steam to look a
bullet storm and I would suck over the
entire screen it did we can't see
anything else we can't see the future oh
my god now there's an ad to life without
ads and last but not least a snake
foreskin thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's truly really
do it's it's really true also whether I
heard one last tip here from some guy
nope no nevermind that's it that's all
that's all that's everything oh wait
nope that's what I heard I heard a
horrible glory who has recent was for 28
fucking months in a row a horrible
glorious thanks for the fucking guys see
you next month oh my god we're almost in
April that's true when is the next
stream Wednesday what's Wednesday
alright okay okay well then have a good
night everyone thanks for coming out and
we will see you Wednesday
