Oct 15, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/182617851
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/182619385
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIh9p3zWDl0 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5PJXa5NJsM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/919638260229558273

[Part I]
are here we're ready we got hopefully we
got all the sound figured out I know the
last couple of streams it's been a
little haywire the sound I think we got
it all figured out all right great oh my
I already dropped my fitted pencil you
where's your spinner man I don't I think
somebody just got rid of it you think
someone got rid of your spinner
malicious intent Jack Jack it wasn't me
I don't know what happened that cube you
got me either here somewhere I don't
know where the hell it is I you know
what I have another one do you need
another Q that's fine do you need
another Q cuz I can just bring it and I
do have an other birthday coming up a
second cube cuz even though it came late
that cube was your birthday present from
last year by the way the person who sent
me the NES raspberry pie case it's
adorable and one of my birthday gifts I
know I happen to know is going to be a
little raspberry pie to put in it nice
so nice something neat that we'll be
needin not the fidgets pencil right what
are we gonna do what are we gonna do
with rich here he's got a fidget pencil
all right so we're we are playing Friday
the 13th the game because it has been
recently updated it has been recently
updated it's got new shit in it we were
messing around with some what all is new
I know we did one test before yeah
scream for the sound but I know I know
there's a new hippie character who's a
new hippie there's a new Jason part for
ya that everything I and a new map and a
new map a whole new method is the hippie
the only new character yeah okay so if
Mitch Floyd who I I want to say is was a
was a real character yes he liked and
that has what is happening here whoa
whoa what did you do how did we get
where do why is this open oh we didn't
wait do we have to buy the emote used to
buy the emote packs two dollars four
remotes well you want to use the modes
do you want to walk you have to log out
and assign issue because I don't need
this shit no I don't want it motes you
don't want emotes oh no I'm not paying
for a motes all right I'm not paying for
fucking emotes is our is our stream all
leggy you see that yeah yeah we look
stuttery is that is that us or is is
that just how we're seeing it is our
stream all leggy stuttery stream is
laggy is it downloading shadow of war in
the background oh I want to be cost that
I thought I paused it but double check
how about let's do the old double check
I'm with you I'm with you down those
buzz no it's paused right there good oh
I just wonder for it because of Friday
the 13th so now watch this click on
Friday the 13th okay yeah now we're okay
all right that's fine that was maybe it
was just because you're on the steam
overlay for the emotes that you have to
pay for $2 eases Christ $2 for remote is
rose that's great okay so then the other
thing they added here let's go in here
we'll go to Jason is part for Jason look
at that guy buy all the things yeah
let's get as unique kills
but let's use all the unique one so we
see what they are and why is if we get
to play as him why is something's not
right here
what look look at like where it's
highlighted it's all like itself itself
fucked fine you know I'll just use the
mouse okay so the Jarvis Jason slams the
pig splitter into the counselors head
great just use the mouse what's this one
oh yeah we can we can purchase this
confirm the Chop Suey what does the Chop
Suey do again
Jason splits the counselor in two and up
and under Jason hacks the counsellor
from both ends and yeah that was it
wrong and then finally what do you what
do you I mean I'm a big fan of punching
the head off that day you're just fine I
think that's all fine mist so alright
this Jason can't run has increased
weapon strength increased destruction
weapon strength okay okay thank you oh
okay let's just try like break down
doors oh well that's great
- shift - traps and money - traps oh
he's already garbage I mean he's no bag
head he's no bad guy you know - traps
that's a lot that's a lot to ask out of
me boo alright now let's get let's get
Floyd here some let's take a look at
what outfit he's gotten oh there we go
oh you can change the colors there we go
she can't buy shirts for this guy maybe
not yet you can unlock stuff all right
there we go this that's a great looking
Floyd right there oh wait did that save
ya that's safe did they change closing
for the other counselors too or you can
change the hue just just go to a
different counselor just want to see
yeah so like like you know it's not
severed hue it's just like different
pants you know like or different yeah
different colors are we missing some of
the old outfits them know they're here
like this one oh wait why are you
working I'm assuming if you click on the
swimsuit it's guaranteed to the page
source yeah you can change her outfit
it's there there's some nice kicks look
at that boom
I guess with the swimsuits it is just
cosmetic just hot you just look hot that
swimsuit though I mean you know it
doesn't really hot I look at they look
really nice in their swimsuits chad's
banana hammock you know the the emote
one's annoying though because that's
that that in theory does affect gameplay
a bit right don't have a mic and you
need to communicate with somebody and
you want to communicate you gotta pay
for that
yeah and agreed that's a little
off-putting women okay so great quick
play can have the dealy sure okay should
we want to grab it off of my lap I would
be really awkward and like it's right
out its off-camera and so like they
would just see me grab at your crotch so
you know one of those one of those
things
you know okay three but I can't use the
emote wheel my dad is always in the
leopard-print banana hammock yes that's
gonna be annoying if you're just trying
to enjoy this Friday the 13th game and
then a bunch of idiots running around in
bathing suits and it's the like that
breaks the atmosphere and I I agree with
that
it is funny oh here it is Jarvis's house
that's the new map part 4 yeah yeah so
so like it is funny and it's cute and
for people who have been playing this
game for a while like that immersion is
already broke and so it it won't matter
for them for new players you're kind of
getting into that spooky feeling and all
of a sudden five Chad's and banana
hammocks run by and that's gonna break
it for a new player so I agree yeah but
I also think it's funny I have not seen
the new Blade Runner and I do want to
see the new Blade Runner but I have not
I'm looking forward to seeing it but at
this point is looking like I won't be
able to see it until it comes to VOD
Chad it's not it's not Chad it's not
just the Chad's running around in the
banana hammocks it's any of even though
even the hot female counsels running
around a bikini it does kind of break
the Friday the 13th atmosphere right
agreed agreed but you know it's it is
cute and they do need to one
okay brand-new map here rich yeah that's
it this is exciting this is exciting
all right you filthy hippie what you got
oh I'm right next to the house great
you filthy hippie this would be exciting
because this you know neither of us have
played on this map before Jenna hand me
the keyboard I can't beyour t to talk
guy oh good idea
here keyboard yeah good idea
all right but it's still the same we got
we've still got the same strats going
here right oh you know what I didn't
give Jarvis any any updates any
abilities I'm give him enough shit mine
it's fine we can go around without perks
yeah this is a this is a new map added
like this is definitely Friday the 13th
yeah on Friday the 13th this is a cabin
that we've seen before but a new whole
new map I can't and so once once I get
outside we'll be able to see all the
newness they they make it a full map
where's it tiny like the other one once
they redid oh yeah we'll have to just a
sock we'll have to see
I don't know she had in it how's this
game play with a controller compared to
a keyboard and mouse and keyboard uh you
know please okay there's a little bit of
aiming very little very little there's
some knife-throwing shenanigans when
you're Jason yeah I usually play like
and I was weird for me but I usually
play this with a controller just because
they don't let you rebind keys unless is
that another DLC they're charging for
the revine Keys DLC snap right well and
with all of the random buttons that you
have to press to open doors and open
windows and and do all that stuff
I think the controller does overall work
better but even for that I would love to
rebind my controller settings
it's the best movie I've seen this year
I don't even know if I've seen that many
movies this year uh-huh
let's come out this year that I've seen
I don't remember I I don't first of all
I don't know what you've seen this
guardians to I guess was decent of
spider-man homecoming a spider-man
homecoming favorite Hogan was good and
and for anybody who might be asking
about it so someone earlier you're
talking about it in the chat I've not
seen new blood runner
yeah neither neither of I and I know you
know you don't much care well I'm first
I hate the first one that's boring as
fuck
I'm curious above the new one I'm gonna
give it a shot but it's three hours long
I'm not doing it in a fucking theater
this is not a movie theater movie this
is a home movie oh and see for me this
is this is a movie theater movie I
really Blade Runner oh yeah well I mean
just for it just for the visuals alone I
want to see that on the big screen and I
love this director he's this director is
the same guy that did arrival which I
really loved and I think he's he's a
very talented director so I'd like it's
something that I want to see on the big
screen
yeah I understand everybody that it's
visually thrilling but it's close to
three hours long I want to be at home so
I can you know pause it and go to the
bathroom or maybe I can make myself
dinner while I watch it sure can you
guys even see any of this this is
darkish this is dark as heck I can't I
can't see I can barely see anything oh
my one my flashlights not on battle
Studdard that'll help turn the
flashlight on wait is that it is that
Tommy what is that Tommy's walkie-talkie
look at this huh it's Tommy's room you
know age age-wise this makes no sense
with the Tommy Jarvis who shows up in
game I call shenanigans
this game is glaring continuity problems
you know absolutely I want that back
it's nicely made of faithful will the
movie yeah house it's a cool-looking
room
hi Jason chasing you oh shit that's the
real music
where where oh okay
Oh nip there is what just please I am I
am I am playing
you're boned I got it yeah but what he
shifted right behind you you weren't
even moving you were just going straight
oh I think I got caught on a fight I
think I got on a bike bridge stranger
thing in less than two weeks yeah
that'll be exciting yeah it'll be
exciting best movies like what were we
talking about the other day we were
talking about get out you didn't see get
out no which is you know a good movie
that came out this year right didn't
that come out this year and I was
surprised or we were we were talking
about some movie that that we all I
asked a good movie you know I don't know
if it's the best of the year but and I
was like that didn't come out this year
did it but apparently it did the big
sick is a movie that came out this year
that I really enjoyed that's a fucking
good and good movie I don't know if it's
like the best of the year what like what
else has come out this year last year
let's hear that was in what Dunkirk
don't Kirk was okay yeah I'm not gonna
stop it with the big sick it's a good
fucking movie yeah Wonder Woman was
pretty good I probably give it to
spider-man over Wonder Woman though
easily baby driver I didn't see Logan I
didn't much care for
cars three turn it on the laptop sorry
we the laptop ran out of battery so we
haven't been reading tips sorry everyone
will get there
Dunkirk wasn't bad I'm not saying it's
bad why didn't I care for Logan I didn't
think I didn't know how to properly
explaining Logan is like I didn't think
the character aspects of it were up to
snuff to my personal standards what I
like from it from a story I didn't think
it went anywhere story wise or I don't I
also don't think it said the things it
was trying to say but yeah it was like
it was fine I also think like Logan was
one of those that was built up too much
for me where everyone's like Logan is
the greatest comic book movie ever made
because it is dark and it is deep and I
was like yeah that's fine that's fine
that's fine you know I'm not gonna say
it was the worst it's it's quite
possibly the best movie with Wolverine
in it you're in general not a huge fan
of the x-men films
I don't think they have aged well back
in the day you know cuz I read x-men and
so back in the day like that seems
someone's fleet oh wait you're not
playing that's good see someone's
flaming that boat get to that boat oh
wait you're not playing oh my god what
are we watching here just a floating
stick Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis getting
out alone No
oh thank god you prick you incredible
prick this you guys see this is just a
floating stick this is some kind of is
this some kind of new glitchy exploit
this is why you you can be invisible
somebody's found a way to take the new
swimsuit DLC and glitch it in the way
that your character model just never
appears making you effectively is that
Matt I don't this is like pure
speculation on my part I'm assuming this
is just a pure visual glitch stay on the
stay on the floating twig okay we need
to see how this plays out okay I'm with
you and she the devs might need
recording of this okay
question for Jack when the heck are you
going to get on that plank Oh listen
it'll happen
they don't have obviously we had a
little fun with it the last I'm gonna
drop the blink out of all don't worry
you were going to tell us something
about the x-men back in the day oh thank
you interrupted I do and know I get
distracted very easily I was gonna say
so back in the day I'm a big x-men fan I
I read a lot of x-men comic books my
wife and I are big x-men fans this is
just a floating but but also people
there is a floating stick and I don't
know if wait wait let's can we get on to
her next thing we need to find someone
who's next to the floating stick to see
if we can see them you know alright
alright
the floating stick is over there
somewhere the place you don't see
someone interesting ok so I am a big
x-men fan read a lot of x-men books so
the first x-men movie came out and
remember this was in an era where comic
book movies weren't taken seriously you
know you had the yeah the Tim Burton
Batman movies you had Richard Donner
Superman
yeahit's oh yeah um hey x-men excellent
excellent excellent
and so like seeing the x-men on the big
screen it was awesome
back in the day of course you know I was
a kid then I was younger looking back at
the first x-men movie now I think it's
pretty bad even x2 which is an alright
movie did some things that have made it
aged poorly yeah after that you got x3
which is you know brett ratner movies
say no more then you have what did you
have after that oh it like x-men first
class I thought was alright not amazing
but then you got you have both Days of
Future past and apocalypse which I think
were hot hot garbage
hot hot garbage rich and so I don't
think they have yet to make the defining
x-men movie okay Logan is an is an
interesting officer like even even uh
the Wolverine you know was like okay
these are that was fine and Logan I
think is as close as they're going to
come but also Logan as a character isn't
that interesting by himself Jack and
firm for crazy yep here's the thing
about Logan Logan is your han solo of
the team he's the he's the the wild card
he's the shoot from the hip he's the
he's the guy who tries to break all the
rules and he doesn't necessarily make an
interesting protagonist the the reason
that I think the x-men works well as a
team is because you have all the
different you have all the different
people right what about Clint Eastwood
the dollars trilogy what about him good
bad the ugly it's basically you know
doesn't talk much badass sure he's a
Clint Eastwood in those movies
he's a Wolverine sure sure he's
basically Logan do they where there was
a Logan and you know what it's been a
while since I've seen any of those
movies and if I've seen them all at all
do they try to do anything with his
character or is he just a badass pretty
much just a badass but those movies
weren't really well right no no and you
know what you can make that work like
like look at Dredd right right there
right there's no character arc in dread
it's he just a badass home he learns to
overlook a minor rule violation exactly
right so what I'm what I'm saying is not
every film needs to have a character arc
but they tried to shoehorn in a
character arc into the Logan movie okay
which I don't believe works
Mad Max Mad Max his character arc and in
fury road kind of reconnects with a
humanity a bit sure sure yeah absolutely
that works that works
you said the good of their it worked
there I'm just I'm not strongly against
what you're saying I'm just counter
points
oh sure sure
well but in that situation in fury fury
road is actually a perfect example right
okay because Mad Max while he's the
protagonist is not necessarily the hero
of the film furiosa's okay furiosa gets
to be our moral center and Mad Max is
the wild card right and I think that's
what that's where Wolverine shines you
put him next to Cyclops you put him next
to a Boy Scout and they work fireplace
was right over there walk around the
table lame ass sorry
Brian Shaw max is the protagonist as the
story is told through his eyes he's not
the hero but he is the protagonist
they're two different things
protagonist just means you know the like
you can interchange protagonist and
point of view
logan almost always gets a female
sidekick that sure like you know if you
if you look at like you know your your
Jubilees or your storms or your who did
you have in the in the comics early on
reminder to put skills on the hippie
thank you thank you spurious machinery
may do that yeah venice machinery hi
guys what do we have two perks here shit
our perks are acting up I'll do the call
the cops perk we will do I think I meant
kid chance to Hawaii Jason since when
crouched you know I'm always a fan of
that and like free except great
great we did it the invisible stick perk
yeah a hippie with call the cops perk
question mark that's funny
did you do it no no I just liked that
perk I just think it's a really good
perk if the cops come faster whatever
you call it that's right it's just a
really good perk and so uh I thought
it'd be funny
Mokey's says logan is great simply
because it's hugh jackman being logan
chopping people up that's all I needed
the bit of Hearts that the movie had was
was just a bonus you know it's I I wish
they would have gone full bore with that
like like i like i said you know dread
is a beautiful movie had this just been
old man Logan chopping people up and
getting the shit kicked out of him I
think I would have had a much better
time with it but they tried it I feel
that they tried to shoehorn in a
character arc which they failed out and
again the Logan I'm not saying is bad I
hope you were chasing I might be dizzy
it's possible no nope happy happy
there aren't that many people here
though Logan's Run is better than Logan
I can't speak for that not having seen
Logan yet Logan well you busy no can't
sleep Logan oh my god why haven't you
said look I don't like the x-men Logan's
Run is a fine film Logan's Run is a
great film absolutely I'll be with you
there there those are two movies that
you can't compare though that's apples
and oranges as far as I'm concerned
how do Logan's remake where Logan's Run
remake turn out cuz they make it great
or would it just be shit oh that you
know what there's there's room there's
room to improve on Logan's Run I think
yep yeah there there is room to improve
but would they just turn it and just
some kind of spectacle shit he's in here
man you want the doughy nose huh he
knows you locked the door no one's in
here man is he good enough the
protagonist is the hero and not
necessarily the point-of-view character
you can't have an anti point-of-view
character
you can't the antagonist furiosa's its
agonist and fury road immortal immortan
joe is the anti hero you say hero who's
the who's the protagonist in American
Psycho huh
it's been a movie about it like a killer
yeah you know
and I still I'm not agreeing that that
max isn't the protagonist of fury road I
I would be willing to say he like shares
the protagonist spotlight the Furioso
huh
but I wouldn't call Mad Max a fucking
sidon character in that know his beef
with the villain might not be as
personal as furiosa's I don't know I
don't I don't think that you necessarily
it needs to be right
who is the protagonist and Star Trek
discovery that's an excellent question I
still haven't seen episodes three and
four oh yeah
it's hard to bring myself to care ah
shit he thought yeah
it works it worked at the last house I
wanted to give it a try again Max is a
he has a character arc he's in a good
chunk of film uh-huh it does a lot of
things that we want what the fuck do you
want okay hold on
saves everybody's life now your your
tummy on time without max everyone would
have starved in the fucking dried-up
ocean bed which makes no sense
who's the protagonist of Big Trouble in
Little China is it Jack Burton or is it
Wang Qi CIA
I'd say that's a similar scenario to
fury road yeah yeah the the personal
stinks the the real beef this is all
with Wang because it's his it's his
fiancee is the one who was kidnapped and
and Jack Burton is kind of along for the
ride uh-huh but that movie is definitely
you you need Jack Burton for that movie
to work the movie is built around that
character and and the way I have always
understood what a protagonist is is
whose point of view the movie is being
told from it's very possible and you
know I'm looking up the definition right
now but then I was Tommy Jarvis so I had
to stop looking up the like the
dictionary definition of protagonist but
that's how I've always understood the
phrase is the the person whose point of
view the movie is from
not necessarily the hero but you know
the person who we see the movie through
it there is no rule that there can only
be one protagonist Wow there you go them
yeah I'll agree to that something that
then you can do who is the protagonist
in ghostbusters right right don't worry
obviously it's totally the group I know
I know I know
no what we survived so we did it yeah
the the definition of protagonist is is
pretty grey the leading character so
that's that doesn't really help oh shit
I closed we don't need to close it that
doesn't really help Ari
like I said I've always understood the
protagonist as the person who whose
point of view the movie is from doesn't
necessarily have to be the hero and if
we just say that there can be multiple
protagonists we're leaving this group
it's fine and you know what it's all
fine so but in any case thanks next next
next next comment tip or whatever let's
do it what do we got
let's do it um the blue prism says
thanks for singing signing thanks for
signing myspace Cobb blue right you guys
Rock well you're welcome anytime we do
that any anything you want us to sign
will sign just you know as long as it's
clean we both rock and sign things it's
true that's a very true thing about us
and our rocket ood my mousse is Lou says
here's two dollars for an emote or
anything else your choice thank you
thank you so now we can afford the emote
pact rich if we were met if we want to
thank you that's the thing I would not I
am I am out of this game I don't know I
don't know that I'm gonna pick this back
up just cuz they added a map but a
couple of characters right I'm
back into XCOM to know and that a lot
got a legend on the real brain and i got
to play the other thing got to play the
other thing i want i want to do that by
the end of the week
yep so have I seen mine hunter yet no I
have not jave vt4 mind hunter this was
like other other than this stream yeah
tonight it might be just a waste just
two bucks for in any boat well and I
don't want to buy it on principle
because I agree with you that those
emotes are though oh sorry finish those
emotes are will help you in a gameplay
sense somebody's saying that might be
the basic ones though without lets you
know once we get it right I'm gonna give
it a try nice right and you know Mike
could be good for the stream though just
to run around as a hot lady in a bikini
is that is that against twitches Terms
of Service I mean can we get shut down
for that well well completely ruin our
Friday the 13th atmosphere to run around
as a hot lady in a bikini I know I know
there are hot ladies in the Friday the
13th movies to take their clothes off
but they don't run around in swimsuits
the whole movie
can you that's that's getting into like
bikini car wash territory get me out of
here how are you why I'm in here alright
I'm not Jason
I actually only needed someone okay yeah
there are months okay okay so there are
basic emotes what the hell do they add
then just the dumbest crap was at the
phone box yeah it's a phone box you
write shit yeah oh wait is it is it
inside no no no it could be anywhere any
of these houses don't don't unsearched
this one yeah okay yeah yeah sorry okay
it's fucking hippie so turned out of his
mind he can't close the door right hey
man it was like weird but then like I
was outside man it's like who's the real
door here man you're closing me out what
the fuck oh come as an interesting
starting location come on Friday the
13th let's see here Huxley mark Huxley
mark who says hello I just re-watched
the Lord of the Rings trilogy and I have
to say it really is a well-crafted movie
and I think it's an ageless movie for
future generations to enjoy because I
don't think you can remake it
which one the Lord of the Rings trilogy
wait you just wait till Hollywood wants
is a little oh yeah
you just wait that made a lot of money
has been spent 25 years
are you kidding it's been 10 years make
it again fucking make it again give
Peter Jackson more money he'll do
anything for money he made three fucking
Hobbit movies the dark and gritty remake
exactly we'll see it we'll see it again
but I I also I like those movies I think
they're fine to find movies to find nice
nice movies fine fine and nice nice nice
nice fine fine Lord of the Rings
PACA neck Pecha neck lodge
bucum the possible Jason everybody's
playing this card for right now I know
I'm just putting it out there
Oh see look off to you the heat alert
our this proportion seemed weird
did they just slap that one together as
quickly as they could
hey the last time I saw any Friday the
13th movies was last year for her for
Jays birthday so I can I just cannot
tell you if anyone looks off any film or
film series even Hollywood isn't
wouldn't dead degenerate
oh isn't to degenerate to remake know if
they if they think they can make money
this Citizen Kane oh you know so you
know that's been talked about so many
times
he's busy he's busy killing people i I
don't disapprove Oh nope yep trapped
that's alright hold it drop it there and
move on well he's busy killing people
I thought ben-hur would be off-limits
here alright ben-hur lots of spectacle
and ben-hur yeah you have to find
something that's not it doesn't have the
the flash the spectacle the the big set
pieces sure sure I think that would not
be a special-effects masterpiece just
something that's simple yet also classic
Citizen Kane right right the classic the
classic to end all classics Citizen Kane
would someone be dumb enough to try to
remake that absolutely like cuz you hear
it I can imagine executives saying
imagine though the bent hair the charity
team but with CGI and no but you know
like they fuckin remade psycho do you
remember that yeah they did a
shot-for-shot remake of psycho it was it
basically shot-for-shot it was I want to
say it wasn't it exactly shot for shot
except for they like updated some of the
things like like instead of alluding
that Norman Bates masturbated while
watching women shower like they showed
him Hester baiting you know they just
got rid of all the subtlety and subtext
alright I have it there you have it the
one they won't remake yeah largely
because they just wouldn't bother it's a
wonderful life
they'll remake it don't remake it of
course he'll remake it and it'll it'll
it'll they'll turn it into more of a
comedy they'll remake that one with Adam
Sandler yes because you can say now can
oh I'm so sad I'm gonna jump off this
bridge AHA good a jump off the bridge
it'll be Adam Sandler and all his dopey
friends Kevin James will be the angel
right yeah yeah yep yep no he'll be
he'll be the the fat uncle that lost the
money no that's like fucking Rob
Schneider who's the angel then if it's
not a Towers Norm Macdonald say you're
gonna jump up that bridge you see yeah I
mean I guess if he wants you to go ahead
or whatever you can come with me I don't
know I'm actually now that we've like
said this I'm really surprised they have
not already remade It's a Wonderful Life
oh hello Jason's cabin here's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna fuck with Jason okay
I'm gonna go into his cabin cuz he gets
an alert now right yeah
hey but he's uh he's out there fighting
those other people so he just got an
alert
they will never remake Blazing Saddles
woo now see none not only is that a
classic but it's it's full of words that
people wouldn't say anymore no they
would change it yeah they would it would
it would be something else that would be
Muslim all right
or woman
that'd be the feminist Blazing Saddles
sheriff's a woman nice there you go
it'll still be a black girl though but
they'll just say woman because they
won't say the n-word right
Mel Brooks movies are untouchable unless
Brooks does it himself
you say that until they do it they do
have an awfully strong Mel Brooks voice
to them that would be hard to replicate
yeah
they did remake the producers yeah but
I'm pretty sure Mel Brooks was the
producer on that right
does it count if you remake your own
movie ah good question George Romero
will remain Night of the Living Dead oh
yeah
surprised there was no gremlins remake
it'll happen sooner or later that's in
the rain of inevitability I got you I
got you man he's got a battery now well
we got to fight him
fix the battery fix the battery don't
don't don't charge them with Li tries to
do something the guy doing the battery
then you get a now now doubt I'll fix
the fucking battery fix the fucking
battery why haven't you fixed the
fucking car yet do you have the keys
shit you don't have it yes I don't know
the keys you dingus you fucking dingus
god damn it maybe the lady had the keys
thank you nope you're fine yep
yep I'm fuck yeah fuck yeah well if some
fucking dingleberry would have fixed the
battery in the first place ah I see why
they call that the Jarvis now that's up
Jason got killed in the fourth movie
Shane to the side of the head fall down
on it
gotcha oh no just two left just 2x2 if
she didn't have pockets you Dingle you
dingleberry that's what I said he was a
dingleberry someone might have dropped
the keys next to the car but I couldn't
find him in time well you're gonna have
me hit T and say do you have the keys I
was I wasn't thinkin I was in the moment
rich I was in the fucking moment I know
like jerk couldn't fuckin man like he
was right there I don't know if it like
he probably has a shitty repair step no
oh that's easy
well then he's just an asshole there's a
couple characters that have a better
repair stat but he's near the tokay all
right well then then he's just an
asshole
alright great are all the maps rainy now
random I think it's somewhat random cuz
we've played we played twice before the
stream yeah did where we're trying to
get our audio right and we had a map
without rain
yeah nice that's a good one
great I think the only person left is a
glitchy tonnage service what Hollywood
dare remake The Godfather
didn't think just remake Scarface wasn't
it wasn't Scarface a remake of something
whoa whoa of course the roommates happen
they're not necessarily bad right right
no you know and remember the point is do
they think they can make money off of
something then they will absolutely
remake it they will find a director to
do it they will make money out of it you
know you know a question that we get
asked a lot that I have a decent answer
for now which is you know like what
movie needs to be remade yeah over the
weekend on the actual Friday the 13th
this last Friday
me and Josh and Jay went to go see
Suspiria in the in the movie theater the
4k I'll bet ya there's an achievement
for that oh sure how do how do you like
it
nice am i right nice is is Jason killing
Tommy Jarvis in the same way that Tommy
Jarvis kills Jason in the movie at
achievement I hope so because that'd be
fine is it called how do you like it in
any case we went to see a Suspiria yeah
yeah and you know this fear is this
classic Italian horror movie with
amazing visuals the the set decoration
alone rich you could write novels about
it was gorgeous okay
like interesting rooms and like bold
amazing colors it was glorious to look
at and this was that like special 4k
restoration that a lot of theaters are
showing so it was great the the only
problem was like the story
really
wasn't that much and this bold set
decoration actually had very little to
do with the horror elements like he
would think that it meant to something
like oh this room is all blue it means
something but now it just looks so it's
just like Blade Runner yeah I would
argue that a lot of blade runner's
visuals are deeply into the theme but no
all right great
oh wait wait no I don't want to random
shit I want Jarvis says it's cuz I get
to choose yeah okay so I could see
giving Suspiria to a director who is
like really into the arty-farty bullshit
and tying these beautiful visuals into
the horror elements and you could make a
really great movie out of Suspiria cuz
as it turns out it's just this really
pretty movie to look at that doesn't
quite hit the mark on the story wise you
know okay so but uh it was great to see
in the theater but I could see that
being a superb remake superb
some of the chat wants to know when
we're gonna have our if they've missed
our Blade Runner discussion we're just
about to start I haven't seen it I also
haven't seen it I'm probably not gonna
bother watching it until it's I can
watch it at home and and unfortunately
just with my life right now I just won't
probably get out to the theaters you
know I've got a lot of stuff going on so
when it comes to VOD we'll see it and
have a deep conversation with it but
sorry I'm so sorry
and I did see in the chat yes I did see
the trailer for the New Mutants rich you
probably haven't because I know you're
not a big horror person and you don't
care about the x-men so this is a double
whammy this is a double whammy for you
but it's a it's a based off of the the
New Mutants or like a x-force I think it
was the comic was called for a while I'm
gonna turn it to a hormone how do you
turn that into a horror movie
well it's you know I saw it and it's
basically it sound it sounds like
they're doing to do a lot like what they
did with Legion where it's people with
mental abilities and you're not quite
sure if they're crazy or manifesting
powers okay
one of the in fact I want to say the
lead the leads power I forget her mutant
name at the moment but her power is to
make people see things yeah that's what
her mutant power is who you know who
else is in it is magic oh let me guess
something here okay
have they put in a penalty for leaving
if you're not Jason Oh seen a lot of
idle people we are seeing a lot of vital
people and so they're just counting down
the timer it's better than them just
leaving yes yeah so in any case magic is
also in it and if you know anything
about the comics magic is Colossus
little sister and she has the ability to
want to use magic and to the ability to
teleport by going to
the demon realm okay and so I think
that's where a lot of the horror
elements are gonna come but the actress
who who is magic is that wonderful
actrix ash actress from the vova CH and
split I forget her name Anya is that her
name anya-chan but she's a great actress
and so I'm looking forward to it ish it
looks like they're gonna do a lot of
stuff that Legion already did though and
so I wonder if it's gonna be played out
by the time it comes to theatres Jax
you're playing start to valley right now
correct I am I'm currently I mean not at
this exact second but it did bring the
switch if you want to switch I'm sorry
I'm not reading your name but our chat
Scrolls fairly fast and I don't see your
name anymore yeah somebody in the chat
yes just start playing started oh okay
they won't know what is a good way to
make money early game spring in summer
for spring and summer my opinion before
you get into it yo-yo you might not like
it a good way to make extra money
outside of just being good with your
craps and selling craps is fishing
fishings now fish is a good fishings a
good source of extra income it is and
you know it's it's a pain in the ass
right away but head to those mines and
start to start getting those a start
start getting all the geodes and all of
those crystals because you can like
those geodes have a lot of good stuff to
sell on them
the crystals sell for a lot of money and
you can use them for gifts really easily
too so yeah fishing and going to the
mines is a great way to spend your time
or and really just get your crops going
get some of those crops growing you got
to spend money to make money I'm always
reluctant to sell stuff I find in the
mines because I know it's like something
I'm going to need at some point well I
always keep one of everything why I know
I forgot what it was it's like like the
earth crystal yeah I was selling them
like the first time I played then I
there was some kind of crafting recipe
where I needed them yeah something I
really wanted craft yeah but see I
forgot what I was with but that's that's
super moot because by the time you
actually want to build anything you've
probably all
so built up your character enough where
you can just go on a mine run really
easily yeah but I I say I hate going on
mine runs period Oh mines my least
favorite part of the game oh yeah yeah
was that the phone yeah I think so but
you're still character just hide okay
get out there
no that's the fake out music yeah I
think so I think you're good oh wait
the mining and started the forcing
combat on me it's not that's not what
I'm there for
yeah but it's early game it is a decent
way to make money okay and you can sell
all that shit you'll need some of it
later but then you can go back to it
fairly easy but you know like rich said
fishing too and even with fishing you
can um you can you know you're the
plenty of treasure chests well we have
started to co-op when that arrives to
the game no that's not what I want out
of my harvest moon no yeah stardew
valley whatever yeah that's the games
about that's not what the games about my
coffee farm is uh is coming along really
and I say I got the greenhouse oh yeah
I'd rather have two pocket knives like a
lot of couples my play I'm starting a
co-op fight on the current has the
interesting started sure but I hope they
let the co-op players get married
wouldn't that be terrible cuz you know
you know the girlfriend is gonna want
that of course a fucking course
so I got my greenhouse which I'm really
excited about I also discovered what is
the most a useless upgrade in all of
stardew valley which is removing the
boulder from the river so you can mine
or so you can Panhandle you can
Panhandle
that's so useless I've been able to pan
two times and it gives me like a geode
yeah oh yeah panhandling is a big
letdown yeah like I I removed that
Boulder thinking that it was oh shit you
got a lot of shit Doug
and in a way what do you drop for that
you dropped a pocketknife for that I
think what you have to pack a nice and a
health spray yeah I he has the gas I'm
trying to pick up the gas you pick up
thrown things on there I mean you know
standing closer I understand it that's
how I just did want you to leave behind
that pocketknife I appreciate it's a
great thing to have no and in fact I
somehow got the health spray again and I
want to go back for the pocketknife
you should you you really should yeah I
know I should but that's okay cuz I can
Jason seems to be busy with other people
all right what is that that's a gun
flare gun oh yeah look at all those hell
sprays yeah we got it we got we still
got like attack I already got map
someone's by the car what are you
putting in the car
Jude Jude you mean hit see sure car has
gas weight hit T again there are a
million health sprays in the cabin right
by the car
oh shit shit yeah shit yeah
T yeah I have the fuse I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go fix it you know where it is
yeah that is in the next house over it's
in that house right there
watch for traps oh there it is there it
is there it is I have pocket knives you
just won't keep an eye out don't you
know when I step in make sure they know
you have the phone / out whatever is
good is good this is good this is good
what they're there all by the phone
you're running away oh well I want to
get I want to get my pocket knife again
take another health spray all right
great I got to get out of here
if it's been a while since I've played
this game I I'm not saying I'm not gonna
play it tonight I'll probably end up
playing at some point but I'm gonna play
like crap because it's been so long
so nope yeah no she she broke free use
your pocket knife yes that's all right
Oh easy that yeah he's coming right
towards you I see that huh yep noise
okay running running running hi remember
me I gave you that pocket knife fuck
trade
jump in the window Oh or don't it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine everything's fine he
can't get me he can't get me to him
that's okay that's okay I got this by e
dick I got it got it got make up
why are you recovering stamina fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck he
doesn't see me up there does the others
there is ok I need a weapon need a
weapon weapon would be nice
he's gonna go through the house yeah
this game is better than it has to be
right right oh oh shit
damn girl uh are you sure you don't want
to buy the swimsuit deal seems just for
the stream do that damn girl
Hey now let's get the first look at by
the way like I've done that walkie
talkie looks hanging off of her bikini
and their flashlights yeah that's great
we're following you alright let's see
here where are we five thirty skeptics
has a case for both of you to reconsider
pub G Jack the next map will be an urban
jungle that will force the cat-and-mouse
game play you enjoy rich you can play
matches that disabled third-person
camera okay okay
I am let's see here
Darth whose eye says hello fellows are
you going to group up with chat tonight
love Darth oz p i am i steai okay Steve
name yeah so are we gonna group up a
chat tonight maybe weird right now we're
just kind of you know from farting
around we'll see what happens
move the camera behind her please oh
shit girl move it move it Oh LM worth it
it's like a rap video ready it's a rap
video boom booty snap big enough I know
damn girl you need some meat on our
bones now dance now dance and it'll be
like it I hope he show I hope he shifts
through the Firecracker signature from
pop ooh
give it I get the money that's great her
milkshake sure does bring all the boys
to the yard and they're like it's better
than yours
great damn what has happened to this
game because it got calm good
it got hard conga then that's a
reference to when Team Fortress 2 added
the conga line and kind of everyone was
coming instead of playing the game they
try that they're trying to add cute
things let's see here um trode no three
one one says I've gotten my girlfriend
into most things rlm but she does not
know why I keep reading it keep reading
and I I have an idea
okay it's a horrible idea do it say it
let's go alright if we plays Jason if we
see it Tiffany in a bikini
yeah just we're gonna stop and we're
gonna say if you want to live dance and
just stand up okay how about this wrench
let's not be sexist anyone in a swimsuit
anyone in this room soon cuz if I said
Chad in his banana hammock I'm gonna say
dance
Chad Chad shake it okay Joe two no three
one one says I've got oh wait oh wait
shit it's me again Harvey Weinstein
this has gone from Friday the 13th to
psycho from Texas ha ha ha perfect I'm
down right ho Jeeves I'm down this is
right oh geez okay so at Road nose has
I've got my girlfriend in the most
things our line but she does not like
the plinker reviews and will not watch
them right rich to her you are the one
and only mr. Clinton thank you that's
fair I think it's a weird comment but I
have seen that before pal Jason Yap nice
I have seen it before that people don't
like the skits they don't like the
character of mr. penguin personally I
think that's what makes it interesting
yeah but uh yeah I can understand why
you wouldn't like it isn't it's just not
for everybody and that's okay
right that upset at somebody if they
don't like it you know I think that was
more of a compliment to you rich you are
the one true blanket
too many rich you are the one the only
maybe door signs the fucking house and I
know locking those doors means almost
nothing like Jason goes through in like
Pepa a little bathroom they don't like
the monotone voice I don't I don't I
don't necessarily agree that it's
monotone that can be droning at times
but he plug-in emotes ya know and I'm
like you know there so you're talking
about that's not that's not my mom tell
me what are you talking about yeah what
are you talking about but it is a bit
Ronin yep and there's so much there's so
many dry movie reviews out there
nowadays just just you know like yeah
this is why I don't like it is is is
this guy doesn't do it and this is the
thing so you know I like the fact that
it has a little personality to it mm-hmm
if you don't like the personality oh
yeah yeah we understandable but there's
just some pretty good impression
hi and pocket I've people might not like
the whole kidnapping murder part of
Plunkett let's it's just dark humor yeah
you have noticed Satar LM most of us
have pretty dark sense of humor aids 911
sometimes sometimes that's what we find
funny sometimes that's what the joke
calls for
he's killing someone over there
yes Lincoln's character is 100%
reprehensible and we're not trying to
say that's a good thing
oh no my my main point was just that it
is a character and you know there could
then there can be like meta commentary I
think one of the one of my favorite shit
how did you get over here because you
can teleport
Wow Manas that didn't work at all
that just did not work at all people
with that skin are either idiots who
paid like three hundred dollars on eBay
to get the code from someone else
yeah or they've been playing the game
since the beta and they're all really
fuckin good yeah that's true you know
what that's true
I was speaking I was sneaking platonic
s-- okay we know who we're watching
again
why does Jack play this game like he's
playing for the first time eternally cuz
I don't play the game that often anymore
I just you know I played I played for
for many many hours what why we were
setting up for the review but I just
don't play that often anymore I don't
have the mad strats that I once had
so I'm washing - how your coffee
problems going my coffee farm is coming
uh coming around nicely I hit a major
snag in my coffee farm Wow
fall well I'm I'm in winter but I did
get my greenhouse yeah got the
greenhouse and so far that doesn't sound
like a snag at all no and and actually
so I purchased a beam from the
travelling salesman finally had a beam
to purchase yeah and so then it's
exponential growth one plant yields you
three to five coffee beans yeah and so
then you know it's Friday this first one
I got four so that plants it for now
exponential so now like I'm getting
there my greenhouse almost has one
entire row of nothing but coffee beans
yeah my problem is I forgot to look up
what the recipe was for the kegs uh
because you need a keg in order to brew
coffee like it's it's a coffee farm but
I also want a brew coffee right right
and in order to get the kegs you need
pine resin so you need tappers on pine
trees yeah apparently I have been only
chopping down pine trees only pine trees
not on purpose
like I just I could not find a pine tree
to save my life and so right now I have
only three tappers and all of them are
incredibly far away from my house like
one's down by the sewer there there's
one up by them via Robins house and so
it's like all my pine trees are asked
far away and I've only yielded one pine
resin so I only have one keg going right
now there is good news for you yeah
trees outside of your farm yeah grow
faster okay so that's I don't think you
need to plant them they just
automatically come back yeah yeah yeah
so you can't run out of trees oh yeah so
those pine trees will come back and
they'll come back faster than if you
plant pine cones on your farm right
right but you're not gonna be able
you're not gonna it's gonna be well if
we have pine trees on your farm that you
can adjust why right out the door there
you go well and then and then it's gonna
be a while just before they start
yielding resin yeah like end which is a
key in green
for my kegs and so but but you know what
I also have time because I'm still in
the process of planting I don't need the
kegs yet have you been saving the seeds
no I'm just planting I mean that the
pine seeds the pinecones as you've been
cutting down these pine trees oh yeah I
have a million pine cones
you should start now just make section
of your farm sure I'm just I'm just pine
trees like like like first thing you do
you want to see a game as soon as
possible you get like thirty of them
sure and just fucking tap her on
everyone and you'll catch up quick
that's not a bad idea
like that should take about a month to
grow I think mmm okay so you'll be in
spring has anyone else caught you eating
out of their garbage of the mayor caught
me once looking at his garbage you
talking about the Sun stream who else
caught you eating out of the garbage
penny caught me eating out of the
garbage your wife my wife here's my
update here's my update to that because
first of all in the game in stardew
valley you can route through people's
garbage cans and sometimes find good
things especially if you route through
the garbage can outside the bar you can
find whole meals who can find recipes
the girls hot meals meals yeah you eat
these you give them to someone else you
can give them if you if you dig in the
trash outside of the museum and Clinton
find geodes you can find you can find
shit right penny caught me digging
through the garbage and when they catch
you they don't like it they get mad at
you yeah yeah cuz obviously you're
digging through the garbage and this was
after I made her this is like the day
after our wedding day and she was
walking to the museum to teach the kids
and I was digging in the garbage here's
the update update to that ah as my wife
now she is now full hearts and so she
gave me the special like star prize for
being right right right and so she's
over it because her heart kept strong I
think she realizes that that's what puts
the money on the table you know she
knows she knows where we're
bread gets buttered and that and that's
me that's me farmer that's me in the
mines and sometimes it's digging through
people's garbage fun but so yeah it's
like work we're all fine we're at we're
at maximum heart level she's now helping
out around the farm which is awesome you
know feeding my chickens
I do have chickens which is a pretty
good income and I have a couple
dinosaurs I'm gonna I'm gonna diversify
a little bit I'm gonna I'm gonna grow a
void chicken okay just because I know
that like void mayonnaise sells decently
and that's a good present for the the
sewer salesman okay it really likes void
mayonnaise so are you worried about oh
about befriending people alone cuz you
just want that you just might your
coffee
I just want we come from now I'm to that
point where things are coming closer
it's like you have friend people okay
like I'm a little interested in Emily's
story because I got the to heart
friendship cutscene which was me
invading her dream yeah which is weird
as fuck so now I just want like I'm just
curious as to what else what other weird
shit Emily's gonna do she's a weirdo
she's a weird she's a real weirdo yeah
I'm just I'm just gonna warn you up
front she's a weirdo
game is poor frozen sure is hope this is
just close it and start it yep game is
sure frozen
you gotta get alts you got a
control-alt-delete me dog new butts were
too hot for twitch apparently and tasks
thank you what is your opinion of fake
cheese Velveeta and nacho goo Wiz
government cheese government cheese I'm
not familiar with that one in general
yeah but no like Velveeta not really no
no yeah it wouldn't be my it wouldn't be
my tops it wouldn't be the tops on my
list but like I got no I got no beef
with Velveeta like cheese fries but I
don't think that is specifically cheese
whiz on them you know what they you
she's fries is not cheese that's cheese
sauce that's like a Velveeta that's like
a looks like a faux cheese net and that
circumstance on fries okay I love that
all right I could be with you that bud I
could be with you there
otherwise in general Velveeta you know
what I think that's fair I think it's
totally fair government cheese is what
you had in your recent burger video I
don't I don't I've never heard this term
before I don't I don't think government
cheese is a real thing I'll be honest
with you guys I don't think the
government makes its own cheese if
that's the implication could just be a
name you you might be talking about like
very cheap cheese which craft is awful
Kraft slices Kraft singles those are the
worst
yeah those have no flavor to them just
like oil just oil yeah yeah which by the
way sometimes I'm okay with everyone
ever once in a blue moon just take it
take a slice
put it on my tongue never but a bubble
never yeah yeah oh yeah yeah oh no mute
hey how easy it is to mute people
anyway oh you know actually you know
what I just unlocked it because now also
now in stardew valley I am making a good
amount of money every single day I'm
like Mike yeah my chickens are
performing well I got my greenhouse I
have other stuff in the greenhouse for
now eventually my greenhouse will be
nothing yeah but I got a pretty good
system going and so I just unlocked the
bridge so I could get to the quarry
fucking hell man I should have done that
the first thing that quarry is great
it's good at first though it regenerates
relatively slowly I thought it
regenerated every day the whole thing on
it you get a smattering of them every
day oh they never mind yeah yeah it's
not as exciting as you would think I was
I was really excited I was like if this
is every day and I don't need to like go
down ten layers in the mines that would
be awesome
only a few rocks a day oh yeah let's do
bad well
well say the coffee farmers coming
coming along really nicely
I'm only you know like as far as the
other stuff that I'm trying to do now
that coffee farm is kind of on autopilot
that girl is uh don't mind me just
hippie Joe I'm trying to get all the
dwarf Scrolls so I can talk to that
dwarf you didn't do that for literally
on high key because you have to find
them randomly yeah and so I've only
found three okay and so like I've been
spending a lot of time in the mines just
coming to find some spawn specific
levels oh is that it that's probably why
you're having trouble maybe maybe you
got feel like the early sections so
quick getting get the one look into
which one you're missing and what levels
it turns up on I like that I like that
thought so yeah like I want to do that I
want to start I just want kegs this the
only thing I want because like I've also
I grew hops one time and I have like 20
ancient fruits and I know like if I can
turn that into ancient fruit wine that
will yield relax relax
you don't open the door close it behind
you don't walk it hide in the closet
you're a high stealth character with
high composure that that rooms not even
gonna light up if you're in here make
sure you just close the door make sure
it looks like nobody's even been in this
house don't have your light on you don't
want them to see that oh he's gone
already
yeah ever just want to put down his
traps by the car and get out of there
sure oh there's a closet I got oh oh
yeah this is the one with all the beds
yeah alright yeah Jason sees that locked
door yeah someone's in there it's good
shred yeah ah so yeah for me like it's
just all about the keg so the only thing
that's important to me at the moment is
that pine resin because I have a bunch
of really high-quality fruit that I can
make wine out of I have a bunch of hops
that I can make beer out of and of
course for coffee yeah so my my only
goal currently is is pine resin for four
kegs which does not come quickly that is
not something that you can just make
happen alright alright Shep the hippie
has high composure which I I know this
might sound strange is better stealth
than having a high stealth step I I
could be wrong
but I'm pretty sure the height the
stealth step yeah that's noise when you
move that's little circles Jason sees
okay I believe the composure is showing
up in the red vision which is how Jason
is really gonna locate your ass yeah
so if you're just in a house with your
high composure and you're hiding you're
probably not going to show up if he goes
into Jason vision area yeah that's fine
everything's fine we got it we got it
taken care of
he needs to say man more yep oh that's
nice Oh what's the status of the car
nothing nothing nothing people are
useless right no no miss something else
by the car is here to go up to them junk
under her bed
just bringing them right to you
that's my battery that's fine once she
dies well we'll know where to get the
battery
or oh yeah he killed the generator you
might have made noise when he destroyed
that generator sure
this is tents no no you're fucked you're
fucked it yep damn it
I think the generator gave you away damn
it
oh I see jack versus rich in this game
it's happened once or twice oh sure
back when back when we were you were
like doing this you were just got in the
game we played it like a couple times in
stream you finally bought it for
yourself yeah you oh I was playing with
you randomly right you happened to be
Jason I was your only killed oh I like
that swimsuit the lifeguard yeah yeah
that's great that's great
look at this this is like this is foxy
boxing here just just ladies and
swimsuits fightin Jason it's all there
oh oh and they don't know the keys are
on my body under the bed yeah they might
have another set of keys but they're not
getting in that car no that's great
that's great where are we dr. Harry Lime
says Suspiria what already has been
remade or did you miss the disco climax
in London Kevin since keys angel of
reckoning Suspiria has already been
remade who sang when Kevin sees okay
well then I go I don't remember the
disco part an angel of reckoning I'll be
honest with you the movie was awesome
we watched that a while ago we watched
that a while ago
cinnamon and chad is saying Suspiria
remake is coming out in 2018 is that
true well that's great news writing oh
oh come on that was great
what do we know about ions of you
oh wow
Suspiria 2018 here we go with Tilda
Swinton
and Chloe grace Moretz oh yeah
and Dakota Johnson who's directing this
Lucia glad Dini knew what have you done
what have you done you have done nothing
that I've heard of okay all right you
know what's got Tilda Swinton in it I'm
okay I'm okay with that
I like Tilda Swinton Tioga sweet on his
big head chasin the cheapest thing in
the world
but he ate traps here's what bag head
Jason is he's beginners Jason okay what
they should really do is force everyone
to start as Baghead Jason just to make
them feel good about themselves but then
lock him out as you get more experienced
cuz yeah he's pretty cheap but as of
beginners Jason I think he's a phase of
fine Jason good look I've escaped from
Baghead Jason plenty of times I'm just
saying that that that the the sh metric
fuck ton of traps he gets Wow
yeah that feels cheap it's a lot it is o
on let's see here anonymous says Jack
Halloween is right around the corner
what are you and your kids going as and
is the Halloween trick-or-treating seen
any good in your neighborhood thanks for
the good streams this year I am going as
a fancy ghost what happened to the
Friday the 13th group I think it got
down it got vetoed Lisa veto at least so
the kids were good the kids were into it
they were kind of into it they were kind
of half-ass into it though like they
weren't fully because we have I haven't
been playing don't see it on the TV so
like I was pulling hard for it but like
Lisa I was like and then the kids good
am so we're gonna we're going as fancy
ghosts
classic white sheet ghosts but I'm gonna
have like a top hat and a monocle we're
gonna get it Lisa we got like a blonde
wig to go over the white sheet ghosts
and some like big fake pearl necklaces
like for the kids they're just gonna be
like regular ghosts with them like with
a baseball hat and stuff like a family
of ghosts with with props well I know
it's not so unexcited that's fun I'm so
underwhelmed compared to your early
plans for Jason's that would have been
great I mean that myself it's not
fucking awesome it would have been great
I guess yeah what grade I guess it would
have been great the only I mean dude
they I couldn't pull everyone in so
we're going as fancy ghosts instead and
you know what alone a fancy ghost might
not be a good costume but when you have
a whole family of fancy goes it's that
easy
great nope why don't we just all right
we can't talk to half the group well
I'll mute him before it starts all right
Larry
it'll be great
it'll be it'll be super fun so like
today I I went out and got my top hat
and I found a pair of Santa Claus
glasses that I can snip into a neat
looking monocle rich sounds so
unimpressed that you should ask his idea
look I'm just giving Jack a hard time oh
yeah about the Friday the 13th costume
because that would have been great yeah
by Friday 13th costume would have been
fucking great was the ghost box thing
that I mentioned on Twitter I can kill
them no the ghost box is a collection of
short fifty stories it's actually a
really neat thing yeah it's a real oh
fuck them by the big house
well shit shirt shirt stories it's a
collection of short stories that have
been curated by Patton Oswalt okay and
so you get this box and it has eleven
tiny books in it and they do one for
Christmas as well they do a short story
advent calendar uh-huh and so you know
one for every day leading up to
Christmas and you're supposed to read a
short story every day and that's the
idea and so they put together a smaller
one for Halloween of spooky stories and
it's a bunch of different authors that's
curated by Patton and its really great
like if you're into reading is just an
excuse to read some really fantastic
short stories they had it they had some
really really good ones - um oh I've
only read a few of them so far because
I'm trying to space it out but this
morning I was feeling a wee bit hungover
for some for some reason rich I can't
quite put my finger on that is I wonder
why that is -
I was most definitely hungover and it
was a gloomy Sunday morning and so just
like a big old cup of coffee and spooky
short stories was was honestly just a
great thing this morning but uh but look
into it I don't know if they if they're
selling the Ghost Box anymore but they
just announced the 2017 short story
advent calendar which I know yeah which
I got I got a couple of because I think
they're gonna make great Christmas gifts
yeah you aren't you wonder what I think
Jack what do you think I think your
ghost costume for Halloween
yeah well you're gonna wear with it I'm
a top hat and a monocle
all right instead yeah why don't you
wear ski mask on top of that just just
you know big fu to the rest of your
family you've got a ghost wearing a ski
mask carrying around a bloody butcher
knife
that's what I think yeah you guys are
great goes imma imma Jason ghosts
and then towards the guy okay great so
uh so yeah that's the that's what the
Ghost Box is like I can't give you any
hopefully someone has given you like all
of the good information on the Ghost Box
by now but I think it's really neat and
I've been enjoying reading some of the
stories about to get to a longer short
story that's written by george RR martin
that's supposed to be good the
pear-shaped man looking looking looking
rock rock fucking booking
okay Tommy has been radioed Chad I have
not seen the most recent Star Trek
Discovery episodes I'm I should I should
probably just cancel the CBS all access
meeting I'll get around I just can't I
can't muster up the proper amount of
care that bad huh
I know you're not into it just that that
pilot was just not Star Trek no and it
wasn't even great sci-fi right it's not
Star Trek generic war unlikable
characters drama generic war bland
villains what the fuck
never gimmick yeah
these were the shot well you know I was
hoping I was hoping he had better things
something something gave you away I
don't think so
yeah I mean I wasn't I don't know I
don't know what gave me one oh well
mr. I love the ants hiding and things
often does work I know like when I'm
Jason there are there's almost never
anyone hiding and things so I oftentimes
just forget to look under beds hiding in
things is a definite strategy it doesn't
work all the time obviously as you as
you're seeing tonight it's not working
all the time but which what do you think
of deep space 9 well deep space 9 also
kind of did Star Trek but with war only
you know it did it smart there's like
five years of diplomacy and worry before
anything ever actually happened in deep
space 9 sure the whole point of the show
was kind of like well Starfleet and the
whole peace thing what do they do when
they're facing this inevitable giant war
right right it was smart
Star Trek discovery was not smart oh we
did the thing we fight Federation now
ship I'm screaming contrada rich it was
like I was there you transported me
rich you've barely given it a chance
this is why I haven't cancelled CBS all
access yet the problem is I was so
unimpressed by what I saw I don't give
enough shit to go back and watch the
other episodes oh you said you've seen
two episodes I've seen two episodes okay
and I got nothing out of it blink
nope this is it last guy uh let's see
here oh shit where are we
true blue review says when I tune into a
prereq stream and the first thing I see
is a girl's ass in a bikini I know I'm
in for a good time
have there been any significant updates
to this game aside from the new outfits
well so yeah there's this new character
there's a new Jason and there's an
entirely new map having played the new
map here's what I can tell you it feels
exactly like the old map yeah like I
haven't played it enough to learn its
intricacies yet intricacies I'm still
drunk from yesterday intricacies thank
you but you know of course it's all the
same buildings just in a different
arrangement and so it's it hasn't it
doesn't feel especially new like the one
house is neat because it has three
levels to it Oh three storeys it's a
three storey yeah there's basement
there's a person a second so that was
kind of neat that is the wrong place to
run man
you should checked yourself in the
bathroom
I knew we had a plan he should have
locked the door though when it killed a
little bit more time well I think of
what it was plan was is hopeful maybe
Jason thought he went under a bed so if
you lock the door you know he's in the
bathroom you could shut the door no that
was plan is to die yeah oh wait
apparently it is he's not good yeah
that's out yeah come on and you're
fucked he knows it's over
let's see here a poly clown says evening
gents after watching you guys play this
game forever I finally gave it a shot on
Friday for the first time on my first
run I hopped into the four seater and
got out clean second run I was Jason by
the way that's a pretty good start but
you felt pretty damn good and Tomcat
2096 is rich did you ever get around to
seeing that Justice League trailer yeah
my roommate said he thought the visual
effects looked gorgeous to me it looked
like unfinished hot steamy amazing
spider-man chips everything looks
gorgeous what else you got
oh not like I thought visually like sure
like the graphics looked fine but I
think the art direction is still ass
like they're they're in a they're in a
pace cloud look look here's the problem
here's the problem with Justice League
yeah the Justice League a bunch of
characters who I don't care about are
gonna get into a big fight Avengers was
a bunch of characters I don't care about
getting into a big fight yeah that's the
fundamental difference I see what you're
going I see we're going with this yes
yeah there's a command I give a fuck
about Aquaman right right oh there's
this the flash I bore guys oh yeah this
is its again it's DC doing things very
backwards I mean do you remember the
last the last movie we saw Batman in he
was a dickhead for like 98% of the movie
oh if Marvel went straight to the
Avengers movie yeah maybe they just said
Captain America first one one movie I
would not have relieved character yeah
no I didn't care about Iron Man before a
Robert Downey jr. an Iron Man right that
movie made me care about that you know
and then you got the two solid movies
just to get into his character get
Captain America no one really cares
about Thor but you know I find this is
fine it's Thor
Marvel has just been so much smarter
about everything they have done
and they have had a much much better
understanding of their characters mm-hmm
and so what you're saying is
understanding your characters and
putting them in appropriate situations
is better for business I don't know
we'll see that's the thing like
unqualified Bart says I didn't see Hulk
or Thor still liked Avengers like it's
it's a different Hulk but like that
that's a great example where you come
into Avengers and Hulk was the only new
well you know I exposed Black Widow
Incredible Hulk I think this technically
still canon it is this there's not many
similarities right technically it's
supposed to be Ken yes but even even if
it's not canon then Hulk is your only
new character right yeah only one to
worry about everyone else you got a nice
backstory for except for maybe Hawkeye
because because Black Widow was an
Ironman too
so you kind of know what her schtick is
kinda the Stan Lee have any creative
control over these movie
Stan Lee hasn't had creative control
over jack shit in the last thirty years
Stan Lee has a job the Stan Lee's
official job is ambassador yeah that's
it this one I put down to Stan Lee
that's just saying he doesn't have much
control honey he hasn't for quite some
time right it is his job to be the face
of an entire industry yeah the superhero
industry he is the face and that's what
Marvel continues to this day to pay him
for her can you just be you and be a
good guy and show up in movies every now
not people who create comic books for
the most part until maybe recently have
not owned the things they created and
after they create them they don't see
any of the profits right or anything
that comes after that
I I started reading a history of comic
books and I was not not so much in
history of the characters or the history
of the creators it's the most depressing
thing I ever fucking read but this
person died penniless that person died
penniless this person created a
character they made somebody else have
fortune and saw nothing you know it was
the mote I had to stop reading it it was
so unimaginably depressing the that
Batman in bill documentary yeah the
Batman and Bill Finger the secret
history of the real creator of Batman
yeah and like they talk about like Bill
fingers dying days where he you know he
died in in a shitty apartment penniless
you know no one knew who he was his only
credit to Batman was a friend of a
friend of a friend got him to write half
of a script for the Adam West Batman TV
show that was it Stanley was fortunate
enough to also kind of be the editor yes
and he says just to say editorial and
letters he he he brought his voice to it
and he was able to make himself the
mascot of the company without that
Stanley probably also would have been
they got rid of him and he died
penniless yep yep
maybe he would have invested well and
everyone would be like oh yeah that guy
yeah yeah yeah yeah he got Vicky was
very fortunate made himself the mascot
of that cut from that company and it was
the smartest thing he ever did
well they you know they talked about
that and I want to say who is it who's
that guy that that did that that great
history of comics he has a web a web
series on the history of comics
someone's gonna say it
sf2 bris thank you SF de bris Oh bother
SF diverse is a great like history of
comics and they talk about that time
that they stopped paying Stanley like
Marvel wanted to save a few bucks yeah
and like why are we paying Stanley money
to be an ambassador no one cares about
Stanley anymore and they stopped in the
company absolutely tanked yeah cuz
nobody cared about it like Stanley
wasn't out doing press anymore he wasn't
going to conventions and people just
stopped caring about comics huh because
aunt well and they kind of knew who's
that they felt like they were wronging
the God right right right
and so then they immediately like please
please come back and say good thing
about Cathy Stepp de bris
I'm I'm mistaken he didn't know he
didn't own Marvel he was just the
editor-in-chief
debris
it looks like de bris
de Brie's damn hippie Jack what do you
think of ffs i the only thing I've seen
of SF debris is his his history of
comics and it is fantastic he go he goes
into some deep shit oh fuck I must be in
that house that has my mad hiding in
cabinet strats doesn't seem to be
working so I'm going oh that's why I'm
in Tommy's house well okay let's call
time maybe I'll come back his time
do you guys have preference set to Jason
I don't know that we do oh yeah
okay but I'm still playing this I got to
the plant I preferred playing as a
counselor sure I'm Jason okay I'm Jason
I'll decide at the counselor you see
wouldn't everyone always have preference
said to Jason look the reason I just
said I think playing as a counselor can
be more fun
1880 oh I have the fuse out protection T
do you know where the box is no idea
great it's a couple of old hippies
yeah Milwaukee oh wait is that it there
is
traps diplomats funding like multiple
stamp yeah
just do it once didn't see those those
that's quadruple trapped
look you just put them all on the phone
no that's five there's fucking sign out
there that's quintuple trap and hen
Jason fucking bag head Jason you get hit
by two traps and you die that's it yes
god damn it got got got darn gosh darn
heck gone wrong on all metrics metrics
gosh dang it
pickle pickle that's a jar of pickles
that's what that's what that is that's
all
sassafras all right
no I don't know if I have anything that
with the Justice League trailer that's
what we're talking about before before
guns it's right where it's just like
yeah it's it's another movie about like
will these heroes be able to come
together and work it out but we also
don't have the we also don't have the
backstory of all of these characters we
don't know like where they're coming
from Wonder Woman just well just one not
even Batman this time right the last
Batman movie he was a giant asshole for
most of the movie and tried to kill the
hero that was it that's his backstory
we got Wonder Woman who like I care
about cuz I really liked Wonder Woman
but like everyone else they're gonna
give us a giant exposition just fine
that one was fine yeah I know so so it's
like they're gonna give us twenty minute
exposition dumps of everyone and we're
not going to care or they won't and we
still won't care right right fucking
right
hopefully it just won't be as hot
garbage as Batman versus Superman which
was just hot garbage it is it is so
important in any work of fiction to give
a shit about the characters that is so
important it's that's like 101 man
that's like 101 even unlikable
characters you're supposed to have some
sort of empathy for unless there's a
villain and the last Superman movie
featured Superman being a lifeless
asshole right likable or interesting
I don't think Aquaman's gonna be either
he's a he's gonna have a drinking
problem he's a hard she's not your dad's
Aquaman and the fan the flash is gonna
be is gonna be
you know the nervous quick talking wreck
just how you like it no it just seems
like a dude huh have you seen any of it
he just looks like a dude he's even look
like then they look like they played up
the whole quick thing it's just I'm kid
I'm young kid no he like he looks like
he looks like a like what do you call it
was someone who like has a hard time
talking to normal people he looks like
he looks like a weirdo out just like oh
my god get in you have a Batman and III
shouldn't be talking this much because
you're the Batman and I'm the flash and
you know I'm the flash over here my
flash case yeah I shouldn't be a nebbish
it's gonna be annoying in sight yeah
cyborg we know nothing about
hoo hoo it looks like he's going to be
the linchpin of the movie it looks like
it's all based around his cybernetic
implants yeah because like I think it's
his dad who made him who the bug
creatures are against in the first frame
all right all right I don't know I don't
all right I don't know but uh I have my
favorite German brothers cyborg is a
carrot just seems so out of place
compared to the rest of the DC heroes
not these bad character just mmm I just
know so very little about him outside of
the from
Teen Titans cartoon that's that's my
where I get the most of my cyborg
knowledge I believe it's an interesting
premise though where he can just
integrate any machine into his body yeah
I believe that's what his power is and
so he's just he's just a human robot it
but he can also integrate different
machines into his body
okay okay someone is about to correct me
and tell me I'm wrong but then someone
is about to say you're absolutely right
and then three other people are gonna
say I'm wrong and two other people are
gonna say I'm right
cyborg is Inspector Gadget yeah I
believe
he's got fly fly shoot laser laser power
cinema can can you recommend any video
editing software I'm currently using
Sony Vegas but it's causing loads of
issues I'm getting audio artifacts and
crashes I personally use Adobe Premiere
Pro if and it works for me
consistently and wonderfully all the
time you can get a 30-day free trial of
Premiere Pro and just see if you like it
and you get the entire Creative Cloud
suite for 50 bucks a month so that's
what I use and that's what I recommend
as far as free editing software I don't
use that anymore so I don't have any
other recommendations but Premiere is
beautiful and and it'll give you all the
things you need doesn't cyborg feel
naked if like a toaster is his body that
would be his skin sure I bet he likes it
down like ah you guys can't tell but I'm
naked
why cuz he turns into thing so he kind
of has to be naked first power righty
maybe it's just horribly awkward for him
I bet you get over that after a while
cuz like like he's naked but no one
really knows he's naked
he's no naughty bits for which to feed
naked you would he would still feel
naked as my thing but yes it's not an
argument about whether or not he should
be censored it's an argument about he's
running around without clothes and just
for him that's gonna feel really awkward
will you oh so you have to wonder what
sort of Superman hey Wonder Woman haha
this is awkward unless it's not for you
in which case let's talk because if
you're cool with this
you and me let's hang out
I'm sorry if Adobe Premiere is too
expensive for people my editing
situation is very different from other
people's editing situation for me like
premiere is a professional is
professional-grade
editing software and if you are not
earning $50 a month then then you
probably don't need it what I'm saying
is you know give it a try see if you
like it as far as free stuff I can't
help you
I'm very sorry button but it's not for
50 bucks a month it's not just Premiere
you get After Effects you get audition
you get Prelude you get Photoshop you
get all the Adobe Creative Suite for 50
bucks a month and I think it's worth it
but I also use that stuff for work so
you know very different
dr. Manhattan doesn't seem to mind if
you were paying attention to the
watchman you'll notice as the as the
timeline goes on he has less and less
clothes dr. might have it right he also
loses more and more of this humanity
almost as if that was part of the theme
caring about what other people think are
caring about other people in general
do you remember maybe they just saw the
movie and it didn't prove petraea bad
well fun starts at he's got like the
full body thing that's the first thing
he wears when he's in a superhero
costume but the first time he's magic
full-body spandex and then then this all
the sleeves are gone they're kind of
like short so then it's just just shorts
and that's a really short shirts and
it's just nothing yeah and then and then
when they show him like in Vietnam doing
dirty work it's just like a g-string
right and then he's just nude in his lab
because he no longer cares about some
manatee symbolism really fucking fucking
details like that
Oh Oh this person said they're real
it's almost as if they were telling the
story through visuals I know it's crazy
it's crazy to think about that as if
visual cues could help fuck God fuck
alright let's see here
where are we hey rich I saw the new
Blade Runner I think it's a beautiful
masterpiece but if you don't like the
first one you may not like this either J
didn't and J likes the new ones so
that's the thing J also is not a fan of
the original Blade Runner and in talking
with him the other day he's saying like
this has contender for like best of the
year for him hmm so I I'm excited I'm
excited to see it I'm very excited I
really like that director so I was
excited about whatever let's see here
huff hearted what says hey guys I loved
the plink a toe episode Jack never
getting to drop the ball is a solid
running gag plinky toe without jack
would feel shallow and gross so how long
can a running gag last add a red letter
media tool it's not funny there's no
solid answer I mean how long you got
they can rake and run until we think the
jokes done
it was funny like I I know after we
filmed then we filmed that a while ago
after we filmed that I felt I felt kind
of down about it about that episode I
would just wasn't sure if like you know
the movies weren't that great we didn't
have a ton of like super laughs moments
but but uh Mike did a heck of a job when
you cut out all the fat I thought I
think it was a good edit that nice
person worst witch the pinky toe oh yeah
the plink a toe best of the worst I
thought I thought I thought it came
together really well
nice nice paste nice flow get all you
get all the funny stuff masturbating
bigfeetz is you know that's great that's
all you need that's well thank God for
the masturbating pigfoot we would have
been lost the episode would have been
canned without that to be honest
it got I enjoyed the open hostility it
got more makeup more heated Jay and I
were really really pushing for feeders
as a as a time pencil huh why cuz it
it's a unique thing the the idea of
someone being able to make their own
movie and sell it in stores is a novel
idea or just a mistake no that's that it
was the precursor to YouTube to modern
day entertainment like just people
making weird shit poorly of course it
was bad it's a bad movie but people just
making weird shit and being able to give
it to a mass-market is an amazing thing
just because you can doesn't mean you
should but they did is the thing we
can't stop that we can't go back in time
and stop that Peters embarrassed
everyone for similarities to feeding
frenzy feeding frenzy is so much better
than feeders
you have to see feeders it's got nothing
absolutely nothing nothing feeders has
nothing that's the cola the doctor says
it is everyone's dream to make their own
movie and sell it and for that for a
first small stretch of time in the
nineties you could do that and like now
we can do that then you know what you do
huh
you put clerks in a time capsule yes and
you fucking kick feeders off the
building it's all why it's all part of
the same Stu rich look at the clerks
feeders Stu it's because well you know
because the thing about clerks is that's
a professional they they used to film
camera feeders is using consumer grade
equipment to make your own movie this is
like this is what people do now for you
to wear our cameras are just better
Peters is an American tragedy it's a
it's a it's a terrible movie but it's
the precursor to a lot of our jobs now
and so I stand by I stand by my feelings
what I am doing now has zero absolutely
zero to do with theaters and the
existence of YouTube has zero to do with
feeders I think the connection there is
very strong the opportunity to sell your
own artistic content is a direct
correlation to feeders
that's what that's that's where you got
your start that's where red letter media
got its start making their own movies
and being able to sell them to a wide
audience and that all comes from not
maybe not specifically feeders but
movies like fear shot on VHS sold in
stores theaters a rung in that ladder
know if there were no feeders no the
world would look the same today it is
completely it is completely unimportant
it's a novelty that something so
incompetent got into a store yes that
does not make it worth celebrating it's
it's not a ladder don't think about it
like a ladder it's it's it's part of the
same pot it's in the same Stewart if you
remove feeders rich here's here's what
I'll say yeah if you remove feeders
absolutely
if you remove all a shot on video movies
that were sold in stores then you have
nothing we have none of them if you
remove feeders yeah I would still have
made goofy movies in high school with
Mike and we'd still be right where we
are it would have nothing it's
irrelevant it's completely fucking
irrelevant to not anything and every
feeders the the make DIY filmmaking
aesthetic feeders is a is a showpiece to
the DIY filming right if anything yeah
people being able to buy and watch
something like feeders yeah just made it
harder for people to make movies III
will tell you anything the paid money
for feeders would never want to buy any
kind of movie made by Schmucks ever
again that's a decent no I obviously we
just go we're gonna have differing
opinions
feeders is a shitty shot on VHS movie
that we watched on the latest wheel or
not we a fling keto best of the worst
blink at home

[Part II]
all right let's see what we got he had a
little bit a bit of an urban crisis has
any tips for a brand new player of
stardew valley I got the game for the
switch for the portability I hit summer
and all I've done is clear the debris
and grew and sold potatoes
no one danced with me at the festival on
the first festival you're not gonna get
something it's just not good that's a
really tough thing to get someone to
dance with you of that first sure
there's some jackass who's done it of
course like a speedrun you had to be
able to give something somebody
something they loved every possible day
you can give them something they love
that still might not be enough and if
you probably have to do like a birthday
gift to say have to find something
there's a birthday before the dance but
yeah yeah I'm sure it's possible the the
only tip I have the thing that has made
this playthrough a positive st. check
our Jason preference all right the thing
that has made this playthrough a
positive for me unlike but you know my
first playthrough wasn't it necessarily
negative I just thought it was kind of
boring is having a goal in mind
reference and oh it's at the counselor
actually no okay I I got to a point
where I didn't really want to place
Jason right right okay well there you go
and so you know having a goal in mind is
really important and so if your goal is
to be friends with everyone and have a
wife like you just want someone to dance
with you at next Springs Festival then
you know you go to the stardew valley
wiki and you start learning you know
stalk people and see what they like and
your start working towards what they
like but also just take your time and
explore go to the mud go do all the shit
but the mind don't don't obsess over if
you want to enjoy starter Valley yeah
you don't have to obsess about
accent right you really don't need to go
to the wiki what is the absolute most
favorite thing that person like give
something they like and eventually their
affection will you would take your time
it's not stardew valley I mean you could
play it that way if you want but it
doesn't have to be a sprint it's a
playground yeah
you'll get there and you don't have the
whole point the whole point to me for me
is you don't have to stress out about it
yeah it's it's not supposed to be like
that you can't die in stardew valley you
can't go to the poorhouse and start a
valley and like no matter what your farm
is gonna be there you know take it take
it day by day but but also I do think
it's very important to have some sort of
goal in mind and even if your goal is as
simple as I want a farm that's full of
crops you know like you just need to
start learning how to plant and then you
talk to people learn
it's the journey not the destination so
your argument is mass effect was good
because stardew valley I'm not sure how
this really applies stardew valley isn't
a narrative it's a sandbox that's it
that's the thing that's right start your
start to Valley is a great exam I think
it's poking at me oh and I think I read
that as a poke at me oh no I think
that's just a general saying that people
because with stories I think that the
destination is very very important
hahaha not sure and we've we've had
arguments on stream about that so I just
assume oh I presume that was poking at
me we have talked in general about the
journey being being a part of that but
uh battery hello battery I suppose we've
talked about that before I started
Valley is a great example of why the
journey is so important I think yeah the
journey isn't worthless uh-huh but when
you're talking about a narrative
leanness I think I think the destination
is the most important piece I want a
good resolution to that journey of
course
yeah the journey should be good too but
I'm putting more weight on that
destination
but so basically we just threw a lot of
out at you about stardew valley but i
think the most important thing is to
take your time just feel it out don't
worry about the you know what if you
missed the first dance you didn't get
some there's infinite dances because
every spring this is gonna be that dance
yep
and even even playing fairly casually
just fairly casually you will have
somebody who likes you enough by the
second dance to dance with you yeah oh
yeah I am
and you know let's just spend some days
walking around town talking to people
seeing what the like the batteries
already installed in the other car Jason
doesn't have shift yet chat but he can
teleport similar but different
like that
thank you walking into a dead end I am
it's okay I have a pocket knife and I
have a pan Oh
like to see somebody try and jump
through a window but just bonk their
head in the glass and fall on the ground
yes like that like a 1 in a 1 in 20
chance that the glass won't break right
I'm down dong
Jason's fucking around with other people
right now hey hey no hang with you know
the four seater I'm done with that how
we in touch
don't hit me them oh yeah you know we're
behind
we're behind like I know even to just to
go back to start to Valley for a second
yeah I know even in my current
playthrough like I I do have like
general goals and whatnot but some some
days like instead of like min maxing and
saying like fuck it I have two hours
left so I'm gonna go to the mines really
quick and just you know get all the
jewels I can for two hours and then
maybe I have time to catch three fish so
I can get 200 extra dogs I'll just spend
a day and walk around town looking for
worms yeah you know like those little
warm ease that pop up and you know
there's stuff on it you know look
through people's garbage of course and
just like spend a day walking around
town it's a nice town spend a day
fishing fuck it
completely worthless at this point
so we way way behind them yeah we've
been talking about shit the last one I
remember reading here is done blink got
a running gag know start with those
there's a starter Valley
I don't remember Zelda question what I
got a Zelda question here that I don't
remember that well then read then Verdun
2772 says I lied about my last tip being
my last Zelda question okay how would
you guys feel if in a follow-up they
kept the open world but added a link to
the style dark world easy way to devil
map size like re-exploring shit I don't
know I don't know but you'd be reacts
flowing stuff but it's a different color
now no no no that would you know what
that would feel cheap that would be
cheap
I would not be into that where did
fuckin swimsuit take that gasps mm-hmm I
think I don't know if there's much that
can like convinced me to pick up breath
of the wild again I I had a great time
exploring oh hello well there's gonna be
that one new dungeon yeah I'm curious to
see that oh I don't have walkie-talkie
Valiant oh you might have read this I'm
not sure valiant bloodshot's us rich I
saw the new Blade Runner and it's a
masterpiece oh yeah but if you hate the
first one you'll hate this one it's long
slow sorry I must have just skimmed over
that Zelda one then and could be dull to
average film goers watching your own
risk I don't I don't think song or slow
movies necessarily have to be bad I like
Star Trek the motion picture I just
think the Blade Runner specifically is
dull Star Trek the motion picture is
pretty damn slow
oh fuck
tree oh yeah and you read this new
certainly one oh I must have then we
just missed that one yes that one Zelda
one sorry happens this time it's lupus
says hey rich the Packers lose and Aaron
Rodgers is out for the rest of the year
what
and the Bears win led by their rookie
quarterback in an overtime upset tell
Mike we here in Chicago say hi well
Aaron Rodgers got it he's out for the
year huh oh wow I hope that's true
oh shit did they get out to fuck with
people around here gonna do on Sunday
right
oh I'm yeah completely the wrong exit oh
oh
ooh well this could be good so Jason's
by the car and everyone's by the car and
it has all with shit but oh my god I'm
way over here
look I'm at the I'm on the wrong end of
the map I was been going the wrong way
this whole time damn hippie why does
your one spray if to what do you have a
double healing perk I just was carrying
two sprays apparently I didn't know you
could do that well I know there's a perk
that does that unless they added some
kind of new spray bottle no I don't know
you're so not getting in that car unless
Jason can kill off a few more people
Nana wants to know if there's a Diddy
Kong status update oh I kind of forgot
about that okay we forgot about that
sonic mousetrap says Aquaman and Cyborg
can't support solo movies even though I
like cyborg it's too terrible characters
to put in the movie universe Warner
Brothers has no idea what it's doing
here's the thing though I think most
people maybe not maybe not some hardcore
comic book fans most people would have
said the same fucking thing about
Ironman or Thor I'm sure I'm sure there
are people on record saying that who's
gonna care about Ironman guardians of
the galaxy
who gives who's gonna give a fuck about
car I never heard of guardians it with a
fuck of it right it's not it's not the
base character it's who makes the movie
I think the problem is DC is not gonna
hire high
I can - thank you
I got in good work jack
I feel pretty good about that but can
you get out
I got a pan I got a pan so if Jason
stops us I got a pan oh and out smaller
ma'am
boom congratulations congratulations
feel pretty good about that I feel
pretty good about that
I survived there no through no action on
your own part I got to the car you
survived on the kindness of strangers I
made it to the car you're welcome I like
the guy who plays Aquaman he was all
right it's the only other thing I've
seen him actin was gameofthrones he
played called Drago he he basically
played like a big idiot who grunts and
is his whole character was that he was
big and strong and didn't say much
that's all I've ever seen him actin so I
cannot say for sure whether or not he is
a good actor
why beat says debris Deb raid you put
all these fancy one lonesome type of
things I still don't know how you
pronounce it properly it's spelled like
the Brits but apparently it's supposed
to be SF debris the guy who does the
comic book the history of comic books
and their writers which is a fantastic
Internet video series noun noun
scattered pieces of waster remains tired
of hearing you mispronounce this looks
like the Brits debris is debris it looks
like the Brits and so I'm gonna just you
know the English language is fucked up
man
valiant bloodshot your chances of that
are zero Mike being on a stream Oh zero
like zero true-blue reviews is thanks
for suggesting happy deathday for me to
watch on my birthday last Friday it was
way more entertaining than I thought it
would be and if Rotten Tomatoes is to be
believed it was better than the
foreigner right it looked like a fun
premise for a horror movie yeah happy
deathday like the groundhogs they have
horror movies yeah yeah they go contra
mundis says the feeders clips that are
elem showed really reminded me of things
yes yes why is feeders worse than things
if you could explain and yes I have
things seeing things in its entirety
twice I hate things I absolutely I know
I'm you know you hate things okay Mike
and Jay love things I absolutely fucking
despise things yeah yes I hate things
the but do you like feeders no no and
like I said there there therein lies the
difference the things looks to be shot
on film the feeders is a shot on VHS you
know D it feeders has that DIY
filmmaking element whereas things almost
feels like a quasi real production I
would not want to watch I would not want
to watch either again but you want to
treasure it remember always say hey this
is a thing that existed and I believe
it's part of the pot that has led to our
current state of filmmaking yes you're
gonna appreciate this one a part it says
Hagen I also wanted to say that your
reference to end
it was great than the last best of the
worst thanks for putting something
pointless but still hilarious
we made J do that we were just out of
nowhere we started humming the anticodon
i got the thing on my shoulder or just
trotting along the woods yeah and then
and you know JJ was film when I said
there was and and we found a spot I was
like Jay I want to do the I want to do
the I pick up something and throw it
like like oh he doesn't taste like and I
was like we're we're doing this you can
cut it out but you have to film it and
he use it I'm really happy that he
Fenton that he used it but we are caught
up but if you watch the last plane keto
episode
it ends with rich and I walking through
the woods and I did a little homage to
The Andy Griffith Show did you even have
an actual rock or was that all just
pantomime I found a small small stick I
could not find a rock but I I did a
little thing where I picked up a stick
and threw it like Obie did yeah yeah in
the intro to The Andy Griffith Show I'm
going to take a break
rich is gonna take a break we're just
watching scape ghosts about to get
murdered
someone should have thrown a crappy
alien puppet when when you finished
bearing the tape that's actually I want
to say like that's what rich said is as
we were walking back rich that this is
this reminds me of back in the day
filming because everyone like when
you're making your first movie everyone
does it in the woods because it's a free
location and everyone shoots their early
movie in the woods and so it did it feel
incredibly like the early days of making
shitty movies which is you know it's
that's where we all came from and that's
kind of again that's it's a nice thing
about feeders like I remember I remember
doing that making really shitty rubber
puppets and I'm making a dumb movie
so I mean let's just all of us I'm still
working on trying to find the original
tapes for like one of one of the for a
very early movie that I made with my
cousin and we're trying to I I have I
have it on DVD way back in the day I
shot a short and a little movie it's
like a 20 minute movie mostly out in the
woods and I have it on DVD but I would
love to get the original DV tapes and do
a quick read of it switching up some
some copy written music and put that out
there just as a fun editing exercise but
as of right now we can't find the
original DV tapes there somewhere well
Raquel I'm trying to yeah I'm we are
trying to find the original DV tape so I
can re-edit it and remove all of the the
copy written music it's a great it was a
great little comedy horror movie calls
and not quite Dead Yet
I mean obviously a great yeah digital
video tape DV tape digital video tape
it has it has quite possibly one of the
best scenes I've ever ever written and
not quite Dead Yet and I'm excited for
people to see it that's it that's it
terrorists I'm not quite dead dot dot
dot yet but I have a working DV deck
that I can use to import all of the all
of the footage this was pre bald Jack I
even think I had a small beard at that
point so but this is balding Jack like
it was going but I had hair yeah this I
didn't it wasn't full beard Jack I have
found some great pictures of full beard
to Jack
but this wasn't full beard Jack this was
slight beard Jack this was like college
freshman beard Jack good days I'm not
quite not quite Dead Yet I'm just
chatting with people I was telling I was
talking about this movie that I made a
while ago I don't know if you if you
ever saw one
it's called not quite dead now dot dot
dot yet it's a it's a comedy horror
movie shot mostly out in the woods
because that's where everyone shoots
their movies well that's it well that's
what I'm saying actually like I'm
working right now with
makes me wonder if they working I'm
working with my cousin right now to try
to find the original DV tape so I can
re-edit and upload it to YouTube but as
some of the line what line you say you
said not quite you said as this person's
not dead yet huh I said not quite knock
that oh my god I don't know I didn't
know what you're talking about that's
just coincidence exactly so I'm hoping
I'm hoping to get the tapes soon so I
can get that up as a fun little rewind I
was I was telling him it has one of I
and I can't describe it I don't want to
describe the scene because even in
describing it you'll be disappointed in
seeing it but it has one of the what I
think to be one of the greatest things
I've ever written than one of the
greatest sequences I've ever written is
it not quite Dead Yet all right
Elaine says you Lane I noticed you guys
have a commentary track for Row 1 my
question is yes should I watch it first
before the commentary or just go ahead
with you lovelies whispering in my ear
in general good question with a
commentary track I think it's usually
wise to watch the movie or show or
whatever it is first yeah but I know a
lot of times we veer off topic how ranty
are we in that I don't even remember did
you listen to it probably not I haven't
listened to yeah yeah I didn't think so
I'm sorry I hear you guys talk a lot as
is in general yes watch watch a movie
first and then re watch it with the
commentary track that is the the rule of
thumb unless you just don't give a shit
about Star Wars you haven't seen road
one yet presumably you just don't give a
shit but I even like even if you don't
give a shit about Star Wars you should
see the movie first so then when you
guys are talking about something you
have a frame of reference okay
or else what you're dealing with is too
many inputs and so you might miss jokes
you might miss references yeah watch it
watch rogue one first that's probably
the same thing yeah
unless you get too bored ah it's great
you only refer to the movie about 10
times do you guys just start talking
about others shit we usually do a
commentary tricks
it happens more often than not that's
great rogue one is a slog mall rat call
it's an absolute slog
I don't know if I would be much helpful
on a commentary track Jack trigger
choice cuz I would get off-topic I think
that's what usually happens like when
the four of us are together we just
start talking about random shit
I would not be helpful somebody was
trying to avoid the last Jedi spoilers
wants to know if they should watch the
latest nerd crew probably not unless you
could skip to like halfway through when
we stop talking about that I'm trying to
think we stop talking about the trailer
right but then you kind of come back to
it don't you we start talking about the
Justice League yeah but I thought you
coming back to Star Wars
did we I don't I don't know just don't
watch it them I don't think the
existence of a pork is a spoiler oh we
knew about porks before the trailer yeah
hordes were all the hotness and I got to
tell you people they're on the money
with this whole pork situation because
like I had to go to the toy store with
my kids the other day and they saw the
porks and freaked the fuck out they
needed the pork right away risk so weird
they needed it they need and they have
not seen the trailer they don't know
that it's Star Wars related they just
saw a pork muster saw something
somewhere as far as I know they do
subconsciously even they had calling it
they have not seen the trailer yet and
so they just saw the adorable pork the
adorable portable and and freaked out
and needed it and no we don't need any
pork it's genetically engineered
someone's about a boat already well you
got in the boat dog what are you putting
on the boat
what's she doing what's she doing over
there done valiant bloodshot I'm gonna
read this but the admit you already
where'd he talked about it you must have
missed it this is Jack I just saw a
trailer for a new x-men film called the
New Mutants New Mutants apparently it's
not an action film it's a horror film
set in a mental hospital and actually
looks kind of interesting yes it does
it unfortunate like wow it does look
interesting and I really liked the idea
of like people not understanding that
they have abilities and confusing them
for psychological problems which could
make for a very visually distinct horror
movie the oh hell no okay I know why but
does this have to tie in with the x-men
movies I don't know if it officially
does shit worse
does this have to be tied in with the
x-men franchise I mean yeah right I know
the answer is comic book movies make
money I know that I know that whoever
put the gas in the boat
do you see me cuz I'm about to get the
fuck out of Dodge
sorry person who put the gas in the boat
I'm leaving
will karma catch up with Jack sorry not
sorry
karma doesn't sound like it's catching
up with Jack Jack is a horrible person
and should feel ashamed but he's alive
which is probably more than the person
who put the gas in the boat can say I
made it
no that's Jack with the boat that is the
proper course of action quarters you did
right you did the right thing and you
know what I hung around for long enough
so like Vic should have been able to
they should have been able to oh is he
coming back to the boat now oh no he's
at a different dog they should have been
able to see me on their map heading
towards the boat and that's the that's
what you got to do you got to keep an
eye on the boat
and and your Tommy and I'm Tommy
you know what I've done sometimes with
the boat I find like the propeller but I
don't know where gas is yet I will just
put the propeller down somewhere on the
ground outside near the boat but not too
close to the boat I'll hide it behind a
rock you know and I don't feel bad about
this you got to say you got to think
about you in these situations how does
this affect me
okay so New Mutants here's here's some
quick New Mutants talk I really like the
idea of confusing mutant to psychic
abilities with mental illness but that
is something that Legion does very well
the FX show another box
yeah property another Fox x-men property
Legion does that really really well
and so I've worried that New Mutants is
just going to reuse a bunch of the same
stick okay I really love the actress
who's playing magic she was in she was
the star of the Vova CH and split and
she is fan-fucking-tastic
and you know it might be good to see a
horror movie so with a mutants oh hello
you know you want to think my biggest
issue with the swimsuits is what it's a
Friday the 13th movie they would be
skinny-dipping I mean you're not right
when when you can't when can we get the
dong VLC flap and dongs and then you
could have it you could have like a
helicopter dance that distracts Jason
let it fly bloodshot says guys I
expressed my distaste for the porks
online and all my friends hated what I
had to say I called it shameless
merchandising everyone called me a
cynical asshole what is wrong with the
world people star wars i love star wars
star wars star wars star wars just don't
think about it too much go on with your
life yep okay so for those who didn't
who don't know what just happened the
car was full I was in the car and
someone came into the car and I gave up
my car seat Wow because I already
escaped once and I kind of escaped in a
dickish way so that's how I made up for
it that's how I made up for that was my
karma karma has been restored everybody
even restores Karma's been restored it's
okay and the police are coming anyway
and so I'm probably gonna get out no
matter what and it's Jason even trying
there's Jason i Whittle that's what they
just wondered if Jason was afk find a
cab and shoot him in the face
by the church in this map it's either
under I mean I Tommy I know it's not on
the island cuz the fire is there yeah
now I'm sorry it's by the under the the
graveyard oh oh oh you know that's that
ways kind of towards the police anyway
so I'll hit that way who else is around
I don't know I don't oh yeah wait
there's a company you know what I'll go
see those other people there might be
them by the exit though sometimes they
still show up on the radar
no no that's different people I'll go
help them out I'll see if they need any
help I'm right by the cops
we'll see if these people need any help
I'll be helpful Tommy Jarvis actually I
wonder are they are they afk as well
I wonder mm-hmm where they at
specifically no no they're just that in
that general direction they got out no
no they're outside of the bounds oh god
damn it so now I'm just holding up the
game
yes you are
Press TV for me
sorry everyone I saw your icons on the
map and I thought I could save more
people but it's just a glitch I'm
getting out now use mute players to find
out who is still alive since the update
yeah but you can see on your map there's
no there's no players at map but if you
look at like if you look on the map on
the on the lower left corner do you see
those circles they're out so those are
the people who escaped in the car and I
kept thinking that they were alive
people and I would be helpful Tommy
Jarvis button can they hear that they
can hear that if they're spectating jack
yeah and since he's the only one alive
that's likely yeah
can the police get killed by Jason to
the police don't even come into the they
can stun Jason then just show up by one
of the exits and that that just means
you can leave right
they son Jason if it gets too close but
she's not actually crowded lying safe
this is a good drawing go put it on the
fridge that they take it down when the
kid leaves the kitchen it's that type of
brown yeah this was a bad Jason or
possibly Jason that wasn't away from the
keyboard yeah away from keyboard that
foot afk means well a little song about
afk right there not to be confused with
former President John F Kennedy that's
JFK
what a upcoming games are you guys
excited for what's upcoming oh yeah
Mario coming up I'm excited about the
new Mario that's super duper excited but
why on the radar I have no I have no
strong feelings about the new Mario yeah
i i'm not hyped i'd I'm not like yeah I
don't I'm not seeing it everywhere and
I'm so I'm not overhyped or underhyped
or anything I'm just like I feel nothing
for the new Mario okay so zero hype for
destiny - I thought that was already out
that is already out okay this is destiny
- when nine days hype I thought it was
out already
oh maybe like is it out on ps4 when it
comes to PC I don't know
we'll finish time - yeah sure I gotta
actually gonna get myself to play - the
first one
ah the PC releases in nine days is what
they're saying gotcha okay great
I do feel about doing the Mario the the
Mario dance is actually pretty shitty
it's like swing your arms from side to
side that's how you go you go and do the
mario then you put one foot in front of
the other like the mario dance is like
running in place that's what the mario
dances that's the doing the mario i feel
poorly about it it's so it's it's the
worst it's like it's a bad dance and
it's a bad song
swing your arms from side to side let's
go and do do do the mario then you put
one foot in front of the other
it had to be easy enough for captain Lu
to do it that's probably true
yeah good old captain Lu what's on my
head today I think I'm wearing the court
normal Illinois Corn Belt arrggh cap
that's what it looks like yeah you have
a corn on your head
rich there they're an independent league
baseball team normal Illinois Corn Belt
arrggh Normal Illinois
that's beautiful the normal corns rich
has got the normal corns I love it how
bad at bat bat barrel I'm loving it and
I said I've never actually read any of
the Conan stories I'm familiar with them
like the character so I don't know why I
haven't how are you are you like just
being a reader in general not really
yeah I thought I remembered knowing that
about you what about I like a book on
tape like I like an audiobook yeah yeah
not our body oh but sometimes I'm doing
something else hmm I know you like the
document oh well oh yeah you like the
documentaries yeah
got the battery so perhaps you would
like like a true a true to life book on
tape you know like out like a biography
like you ever read well no cuz you're
not a reader like every like Theodore
Rex no Theodore right you know it's
about Theodore Roosevelt and it's a
fucking there's nothing you know what
the Whoopi Goldberg movie oh yeah it's
just a ripper of a biography cuz like
Roosevelt was a badass shit someone the
chats making a joke about Cohen reading
to me at night here's the thing Karen
likes reading today if we run like a
trip or something I'm driving she's in
the passenger seat she'll read a book
aloud first of all to enjoy so someone
is giving you hell because someone you
care about reads into you that might not
have known that oh sure oh come on I got
the battery in that wasn't a joke don't
you phrase it like sound like she was
reading me bedtime stories a good kid
oh rich it must be terrible having your
own personal audio book oh how terrible
it would be for to have someone read you
books
oh we got something done we got we got
the battery in we got the battery in the
car I need a weapon I'm gonna go check
the a firing range over here bring
Corona and sister back on sometime
please you know I know my sister who
lives in Scotland is gonna be in town in
November Oh uh-oh
but my sister who was not medical but a
doctor she has a doctorate well I would
like to protest but it works out really
good the last time are you okay with it
obviously that's up to you that like
that is a judgment call for you she
might want to if she was you know it
works out like gangbusters last time I
think you have what I think you have you
have performers genes in your family
your sister was such a damn natural she
was she effortlessly went along with
jokes and talked so I can only assume
that the same would be true of any other
member of your family so obviously
that's it's your call it's not a
decision I can make
but it's a doctorate in you can even ask
her these questions not my business to
share this shit yeah her doctorates in
fuck-you ology huh yeah she's got a BS -
hey it's a Bachelors of Science
picked cleaned
oh the four-seater has oh my god the
four-seaters closed we just need keys
none mrs. rich
maybe reading Lindbergh's the only rule
is it has to work some sabermetrics
guide tries to work their mathemagics on
a failing minor league ball team for a
season you'd enjoy it no pressure
I thought yeah mate isn't that Moneyball
isn't that the plot of Moneyball it's
Jack this is not just the plot to a book
this is a movement that's going on in
modern baseball right right it's
actually going on has happened oh yeah
but I like I'm saying isn't isn't that
also another popular book slash movie
yes yeah yeah min maxing real life
sports looking at stats differently what
does this really mean and taking a more
scientific look at baseball
I like it super nerdy oh shit someone is
running towards this super fucking dirty
but great someone who's running towards
the car keys
then bloodshot says you mentioned Conan
the new XO Man O'War from valiant is
basically Conan in space XO is on an
alien planet living as a farmer until he
gets pulled into a civil war between
alien races it's great okay go rich help
me navigate my way out of here I don't
this is the new man know what map is
this yeah it'll be fine just follow the
main road
okay give you can't open your map no
it's fine
I'll be fine should have check your map
before you got in the car right my gut
says left
fuck help me help me help
Oh you whiffed maybe maybe love someone
else drive right are you standing in for
the door anyway I know I know
where'd my bat go he dropped it when he
picked you up it's probably on the
ground there save that person forget
about it you're not getting that bat
nope nope nope okay jump no God fine
okay a new plan a new plan
we're looking okay get in the house yeah
oh yeah hold on hold on I also I picked
up the the fuse sometimes over here huh
wait wait wait all right I see the way
over
take a look at the map while you're he
wasn't tasted I said it was right there
what I'm assuming they were talking
about the phone box okay
you get your baseball bat here we go I
didn't see a phone box okay okay okay go
back to the house you're at it's
probably out behind that house sure
Jason is protecting that car
fiery dog purposes yeah just started
watching the stream I hope you have at
least an hour in you left also fuck kill
Mary
Tommy why soo Vitaly for sassy and me'll
green and I'm fuckin mom not the way you
think I don't see it I don't see it guys
I think you're missing your chance to
get out of the car maybe let's build up
some stamina
nope
look there's a lot of people here
fighting I lost my bat again yes I know
what this is one of the ground somebody
else dropped one that died all right I
think you have to look some of the
nearby houses might you might find the
phone
maybe it's left you got a regroup oh my
god I can't run because I'm too scared
all right I need a weapon he's gonna be
fine we're gonna find the phone we're
gonna find the phone
be fine it's gonna be fine
well this is the time of Jarvis outside
not someone already to them so it's
probably not the time of Jarvis house
right fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck I don't know why you
didn't jump in that window I didn't say
I mean I may never understand why you
didn't jump in that window the window
was a Wow Wow
he knew what he was doing the window
wasn't an open of a window is why I
didn't jump in the window right the
event I didn't see it was open anonymous
us yeah red you're over at Jack's you go
to the bathroom and straighten a
painting which I wouldn't do or send at
somebody else's house and which opens a
wall revealing pirated things ha ha ha
hos the wall pretending you saw nothing
or confront Jack sure so you you
discover you discover a whole bunch of
stolen shit in my house I what do you do
I say Jack I don't know how to close
your wall with the stolen things ok and
I'd be like oh yeah just undone
straighten the painting again ok
dr. Luba Dobson's when I saw Jack next
to the play-doh board on the YouTube
thumbnail for the latest best of the
worst yo I knew I was in for a great
episode no matter what happened also
rich eating in car was funny as fuck or
hell or something I guess that seems
like they ran out of room was funny as
funny as yeah no I it was that was very
interesting thumbnail I don't know if
Mike chose that thumbnail just because
my shirt happened to perfectly match the
play-doh board or if he was just playing
up you know the the mean not dropping
the ball Joker did a great job on the
thumbnail in general yeah always always
agreed
who hides an emulator in there Walt
right why can't you drop the ball they
bullying you I will I'm sure I will one
of these days I'm not worried about it
it's you know like it doesn't really
matter who gets to drop the ball because
we all watch the same movies no matter
what rich use the spit bucket for mr.
pity I took two bites you can't you
can't once you have a bite mark in it
you can't redo that you're gonna pull
the hammer grab a box there's gonna be a
brightness right right right oh it was
it was good too big though I mean I did
I did not finish it I looked at her
mom's it was it was good like three
patty for the record yeah it looked
monstrous Zoloft four thousand says hey
rich and Jack just wanted to ask your
opinion on what's the best way for a
game to use microtransactions games like
shadow of war with loot boxes are
starting to feel like se knows thanks
with love I don't the best way to use
microtransactions is don't use
microtransactions
they're fucking obnoxious I pay a game I
want to own the game and not and not buy
of spend money for 50 bucks so I have a
device that will continually give
someone else my money after I've already
spent the money on the thing I spent
money on microtransactions can fuck
right off you're Jason congratulations
you know in general rich I will agree
with you microtransactions
can fuck right off I think though as
long as they remain cosmetic only oh if
they're not cosmetic the game can fuck
off entirely yeah Oh a or then I am
simply never going to touch the game
this Jason only gets three traps by the
way that's not a lot of traps at all
someone's upstairs might want to skip
shadows were then we'll see if it's paid
to win or not we'll see how bad it is
without microtransactions
microtransactions cuz i will tell you i
plan on buying nothing else in shadow of
war because the game already cost 60
bucks hey isn't that a single player
again yes but it has it actually has
microtransactions shadows warfare
believe you can buy orcs for your honey
or something oh yeah yeah nice yeah nice
you can see this one from what camera
glitch yeah i know-oh-oh well we saw
most of it yeah you dickhead fine
they dump I don't support the game at
all dumped by a shadow for wine it's
kind of too late we bought it for the
stream just when it came out my guys
making one to stream and I knew nothing
of microtransactions inept in whether or
not I condemn the game we'll see how the
game plays without buying shit jack shit
I still don't like it
hey there little Miss battery let's go
have some fun ah
they said one that's fun doop doop doop
do you isn't tipping written check just
a micro transaction well the difference
is you don't get anything tipping us
haha cosmetic or otherwise all right the
people tipping us did not pay $60 for
the privilege of watching the stream in
the first place right this dream is
available for free and the tip is
entirely voluntary
why didn't they put this game on sale
for Friday the 13th because it's
Halloween season and there was a Friday
the 13th and people were gonna pay full
price for this game right now right what
put it on sale when people are gonna pay
full price
shit
area oh that's nice
that's just not nice I'm very very sad
excuse me you have to do that too in
Schad in speedos yes where is everybody
Chadd saying there's better things ahead
punch one you know the head punch one is
more silly yeah that's why I like it
saying a deadly tonight jack
I'm feeling good also I think these
people might be fuckin with each other
I mean should've hit him first I should
have hit him with my flavor first that
was me getting cocky
I don't have a stamina bar oh oh shit
I'm still gonna get you I'm still gonna
get you give me a Bugsy you got a shift
yeah
oh we're what
I mean he's gonna have pocket knives you
should hack him a bit he's gonna hit me
and knocked me down again guard chasing
a guard it's completely overpowered
actually he disconnected you have the
perfect time yes he did that dickhead
disconnect before I could get the kill
thing does Jason call that move the
crotch rocket Oh first of all nice
there's two people still alive
interesting
Jack having played a number of pubsey
games off stream do you think you were
stream sniped on your streams if so what
do they possibly get out of it
you know they they possibly get a
location out of it but I don't really
think we were oh here we go now we get
to see nice that means white why would
they bother right we we know for sure
that someone stream sniped us how are
you were you by the car yeah you were I
got you
got him we know at least one person
stream sniped us like that person who
like you know just found me right away
yeah oh there's still there's more
people Oh time Jairus sure let's hit him
in the nuts yay I killed eight out of
eight I know that 100 head disconnected
I'm counting it
I know coun that totally should yeah
you did great job I feel really good
about that my you were a beastly Jason
my man Jason stress have not dulled with
with lack of use my counselor strats you
know a little sure but you're that new
character to it might be he might have
some quirks throwing you off it's like
slow or something right she's been so
long yo and his stamina does not
regenerate very fast yeah that's what
you know you get into that mindset we
just kind of know what to do
instinctually and you know right now all
it is is thinking about you know what I
can grow on my farm currently it's just
a different it's a gear shift jack is
the taker of balls absolutely what does
screen snide mean extreme snipe and
that's when you're playing an online
multiplayer game like this or like pub G
and somebody who's watching your stream
just kind of conspire and track you down
and kill you easier so you know like a
game like this or like pub G where you
know you want to hide you want other
people not to know where you are and
people know exactly where you are
because you're streaming it because
you're streaming it exactly but no I
don't think it was ever a big issue for
us except for that one time but I killed
that guy and so it turned into an
entertaining moment yeah which of course
is the balance for anyone who streams
pub G is you want to be entertaining and
stream sniping can be entertaining
mixie and stream sniping us right now I
know I can mix in I see that do nerds
have a stamina bar yes but it's first of
all yeah the Nerds are usually the
better at fixing things
fixing things
any chance of firming a party with the
chap I think we do at least one before
we go all right sir yeah sure what time
again how are you doing now or 9:30 time
I start 7:00
yeah after this one we'll do one with
the chat no 6 ok started on time today I
feel really good about a great time it
was great everything went gangbusters
we're gonna trust commit sin to not to
play with us and maybe just listen to us
instead of actually watching and stream
sniping look if you're not playing this
game as part of a group playing is one
of the nerves is the way to go
especially the girl nerd she's great she
she has good good stealth and good
repair yeah yeah hippies not bad his
repair is really good and I like his
composure
that's stamina oh that's killer that's
killer it is by the way like I don't
think I would want to play as him yeah
the lack of the lack of regen is really
terrible
tired sad says either have you played
Super Mario run uh yeah I played at the
the the mobile game the phone game the
phone a Super Mario game it's not bad
it's nothing mmm bird being expensive
for a phone game like ten dollars
mm-hm and I did not want to pay $10 for
it but it's a platformer and it's
alright okay Justin that maybe not worth
$10 a four-seater has a bad real not
especially haven't Mario maker around we
had like you know well but this is on
your phone this is a Mario game you can
play on your phone coming so that's
that's what they were they were hoping
to sell that aspect of it but there's a
million endless look there's a million
runners on phones already
that's the two-seater okay alright can
you bind keys in this game as of the
last time I played it no I don't know if
they've changed that we have not checked
tired sad also said thoughts on Jim
Carrey and what happened to him what are
the details of this num or just in
general he's a weirdo now he's he's kind
of a weirdo now when there's something
was girlfriend dying like that and they
were gonna blame him because he gave her
the prescription medicine that she I
have no idea about any of this I think
this is something I heard I don't know
if it was complete BS I I have not heard
any of this the the thing I saw recently
was you know he went to like this red
carpet event and just started like
saying what's the point of all this why
are you here talking to people you guys
are idiots everyone's an idiot and it's
basically kind of having a public mental
breakdown oh god am I thinking of a
different celebrity okay I have no idea
and I'm sorry
you know he's a he's a millionaire
oh my gasps isn't yeah that's good I
chase enough
supposedly he gave his girlfriend an STD
or a bunch of STDs according to them and
then dumped her when she tried to
confront him on it and then she killed
herself Wow
I think that's just awful all around I
know what the front the fuck am I
supposed to say about that we talk about
comedy no we do dark I owe very little
about this and I don't feel comfortable
commenting on it tired sad says have
either of you revisited Big Trouble in
Little China it would be perfect for a
review not saying it won't happen I know
we got a lot at a plate right now
there's a lot of shit yeah
about the drop man there's a lot of shit
about to drop now people if you listen
to us then I kind of regularity you know
that I love Big Trouble in Little China
I remember it fondly it has been a long
time since I've seen it my friends tease
me for preferring 24 frames per second
and they say 60fps film is the future
thoughts on this topic so far it hasn't
really worked
I don't know anybody that's a high frame
rate that that came I grant yeah
I don't know anybody I've never met
anybody who has preferred then neither
have I I think you just know weirdos I
and I guess here's here's some real talk
as far as high frame rate cinema is
concerned I have never seen a high frame
rate film okay because I don't I just
don't care shit the cars getting out
fuck fuck
I need a weapon and then I can maybe go
have them fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
first thing it's weird when you see at
the movie they're gone does it makes it
look like cheap video yeah but it's cool
in a video game
right what's deal what's the deal jack
to two different mediums there's no that
that's easy like they're just two
different things and is the car getting
out getting out shit is it just because
we associated with cheap video that's
the question and it possibly than it is
you know it is technically superior and
future generations who don't grow up
watching cheap video there you're I'm
watching you know shit online streaming
at sixty it'll look fine to them it'll
become the future is that possible of
course it's possible
oh I got keys I got keys the keys I got
keys I got keys damn them Millennials
right
they're okay I just dropped a health
pack by you and I got keys actually
start the fucking car now
yeah time to get out of here
Oh move it move it
yeah VR movies in the future you'll
absolutely need high frame rate of VR
movies
how do you do cinematography with with
with with VR yeah
no V like VR will will kill movies as we
know them now there there is there is no
camera as a point of reference anymore
yeah eyes work Jeff over there
I brought the keys oh shit look at this
there we go nice nice
don't let Jack drive I know I'm picking
out I'm remembering I'm remembering
everything it's gonna be fine they
already have those 360 degree YouTube
videos it doesn't work
yep yep yeah they suck that's full Megan
keeps showing you what to look at and
painting a picture and telling a story
through the manipulation of images and
that's just thrown out the fucking
window if you just know the error higher
art of cinematography is gone yes
yeah all right oh so uh next game anyone
anyone who wants to play with us hop on
Steam get on Friday 13th most of you
should prob you're friends with rich
already well we'll get we'll get a
private game going just one more person
commits ian is the only one that's left
can mix ian as hot pants commits Ian I
probably shouldn't be telling you this
but someone who just died dropped the
drop defuse you fucking cheer well I
didn't say where the guys fucking you
fucking cheater no you didn't you don't
damn well he stream sniping you you know
damn well I actually would have been way
more helpful if I would have said where
they died because I don't know where
they died and I'm very really sorry
about that if you get banned you get me
pan where lawn did is me jackass
friends lists fold I'm sorry what do you
want rich to do about that I purge every
once in a while but like he was keeping
up with purging is hard let's go through
we'll go through and 100 or more days
it's usually the thing right I I don't
even I do less than that I do like a
month like if you haven't been on in a
month they can see this right now you
see my River we gotta get we got alt-tab
okay
let's get out of this game first huh
no we're just joking we know comic scene
is not stream sniping us we were just
joking level 99 level 99 rich you're
almost at level 100 100 percent awesome
let's go to 101 or something weird right
does it feels like it's not one night I
think exactly 101 oh that's funny I
don't know okay so now if we if we
alt-tab but we should be able to go into
steam and not have them see it yeah okay
so now we can go to your friends boom
alright let's see we gotta just start it
start at the bottom we're gonna we're
gonna do some purging some quick purge
in here 2 hours 9 hours like this is
that does that mean like they're just
they have yeah like though look at this
person gone oh wait wait wait there's an
easier way to do this I'm just a profile
is okay manage friends lists okay so we
just now we just click them okay I said
like this person gone this person gone
43 days just do it
boom gone 66 days gone 45 minutes you're
fine like this person when I think when
it says last online and forever no I
think that the profiles are set to
private it's not shared that'd be my
guess
gone
I'm purged and rich I'm good I'm making
the hard decision so you don't give a
shit it's fine
54 days by don't play online games but
it's just it's just the status think of
something there somebody being able to
say there are my friends list really
right all right we got three days 12
hours that's why I didn't notify a month
you passed 164 boom I did it yeah there
Oh 114 top right 216 days oh yeah
there's the parry that's enough that's
enough huh
okay so now now we go to remove friend I
Rich's friend list is open go Jesus
Christ they're coming in they're coming
in yep except except
okay except except boom coming in ha
yeah they're coming in hide except
except we're accepting them all you're
all richest friends now boom we're gonna
accept until we don't have any more open
that might be yet
they still coming rich they're still
coming nope you ve done it
oof you've reached your limit again all
right tough ways you just missed the cut
tofu ace
we just got mall rat coal wait this is
gonna go away go go back to the friends
okay find one more that's been over 100
tough ways that's it
tofu Ace is the last that's the last
okay so you're out of time you're out of
time in fact if you show up after we
just get toefl ace on here yeah I'm just
hitting a I'm hitting ignore I'm getting
rid of one more removed friend okay
invites tofu ace except boom and now now
you've reached out again okay
boom easy motherfucking peasy private
match
okay so how do we utilize totally place
Jason can you can you set that could you
click on that Jason mask what the you
need to kill everybody that makes me be
Jason that's be my guess
alright yes you don't play private
matches must much so this is news to me
looks like you can decide who gets to be
Jason okay guys I mean we're gonna play
on the new map because why not I I don't
know how this works I'm in a private
match do you guys just oh wait here we
go invite here we go choose friends to
invite so you have to be playing Friday
the 13th I assume she was friends to
invite she's named chard have some
significance red chard sad dumb right
all right
the rich art - the rich is just hard all
these dumb kids I'm playing you know the
lobby afraid the cherries I'd chose it
no not cherries ed fucking Pokemon
dipshit alright so as you guys might be
able to see I got I go to invite people
and we get this here's what we're gonna
do is we're gonna do rich we're gonna
we're gonna turn it off and turn it back
on again we're gonna classic IT solution
it going on
it wasn't letting us invite anyone so
we're gonna OH
offline mode go to the view that's why
figured it out figured it out rich wants
to be the very best like no one ever was
dundun dundun chard is ardh that's great
that's great it's great just because I
know you you generally don't care for
Pokemon yeah and so the fact that all
the kids are like you like Pokemon you
must love Pokemon makes it makes me very
happy
all right so now if we go to private
match and we're gonna be Jason and now
if we go to invite there's everybody
shit
can we just like randomize it oh no wait
we have to look for people who are
playing Friday the 13th oh oh wait no
they're coming in hi-def should we just
let them find their own damn weigh-in
right
there's commit C and we know can makes
ya know commit see him but there's other
people who want to play and we play with
Kaminsky all the time well I just too
late I invited him so it's too late Nick
Stevens had enough okay fine come on hey
whoever can come in come in I'm gonna be
Jason I'm gonna murder all you fucks
we're here congratulations everyone I'm
so proud of you all we need two more
there we go how.what welcome thanks one
more we need one more who else is coming
in Dale there you go can go alright the
people from Hampton pipes
I think his headshot skills are gonna do
much good your pipes are is on my
friends list I don't know if he's hot
screw that's true he's on my pub gfriend
list yeah pipes is mad pub G strats
might not translate well to Friday the
13th
all right here we go
here we go I love it that we get to
choose Jason yep
remember that team-killing is still
allowed in private matches previs should
be in normal matches - honestly team
Cassatt is part of the game yeah
here we go here we go oh that's right on
this time three traps Jason now you're
you're you're you're badass Jason though
you break down doors quick yeah oh man
he breaks down doors and got two hits
you've got you have other advantages
from a mad trap stress rich you could
run and knock shit down if they can't
run from you that's true you just have
to find them
I have a shitty luck
was it was it there you go
oh yeah yeah I mean it's true test Jack
you have limited trap strats right now I
know I got I saw someone and I got I got
distracted from my from my trap ah here
it is okay this is what I needed this is
the important one
okay okay I feel double Wow you're three
nope shit I thought I hit B god damn it
gosh dang it stupid control do you play
this motion keyboard
no I'm used to Nintendo controllers
right now I gotta get back to where I
was that's where all the people were
son of a yeah okay there's someone there
is someone I can murder possibly two
someone's who I can murder yep hello
it means do it murder murder murder oh I
like to murder I'm gonna murder this guy
hey Bugsy it's jumping up the window
very well no maybe not see out of
standing them up no I know he's going
alright go far dude
you just keep you just keep running
around like a jackass oh shit I know
what that is the only place I have traps
hi Tommy's priority oh come on I was
swinging oh I was swinging rich smash it
smash it
but they still in the house and they
running away I see I assume oh I did it
again
hey at least I didn't teleport too far
away this time fixing the boat is that
what the boat
hi head punch there you go there you go
there you go thank you
oh there's a button now that's that's
convenient
very helpful
no Reno's you busted the only one there
kind of fart well that in the front
window I'd bust that - she's definitely
getting on the boat
huh yeah but more people could get out
if they fix this sorry Bugsy
maybe I can catch her in the boat still
yeah you probably can speed is of the
essence what okay where is she she
assumed the jig was up
oh wow she knows about the boat yeah and
I'm out of traps
and a lot of traps rich we sure she's
not in the house she could be the house
oh it didn't globe what you know you
know Kay no go right I'm not gonna back
back soon yeah I have a little bit I
feel bad that's alright that's just my
brain right I'm on your side Jack I'm
with you I'm with that I'm happy for
that you know I don't trust that she
would have given up on the boat you know
that easily right Jason can go
underwater the counselors cannot
I hate this house
nice talk on so we'll see if trap strats
I don't hear anybody fuck alright
weird well then we need to concentrate
on the car I guess you guys working on
this true blue reviewer says last tip
for tonight when it comes to start Eve
Ali what's your opinion on using mods or
reading the wiki
I feel like games like that require some
help but I don't want to feel like I'm
cheating yeah do whatever is fun I think
in a game like starter Valley if if you
think like painstakingly figuring out
what everyone likes through trial and
error is tedious I just use the wiki mmm
I don't think anyone's gonna get upset
about it No and mods I mean if you think
a mod would be fun just use it that's
the important thing that's what they're
there for
oh I think a comedian here folks they
didn't lock the doors
oh there's a trap dragged into the trim
oh they got it on nice they got it on
too bad they're good
you're welcome III honestly I thought
that was the dick one night I was I was
thinking that was the deck one term said
says even though it may make some money
Justice League feels like a genuine
franchise ender something about it feels
like Batman Forever money-making but
also the beginning of the end that was
that was a Man of Steel for me it's a
bit terrible both are terrible movies
the 97th jackal says who would you
rather exorcise your demons ash Williams
or doomed I'm doomed guys far more
efficient well wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait
exorcise your demons no you want the
demon out of you
doom guys brutal efficiency means he's
just gonna put a shotgun to your head
ash might try some kind of mumbled e
jumble with the book sure all right
he probably has to like you first like
like Pedro I think I think this might be
a case for doom guys a little too
efficient oh well I mean yeah I guess I
was a little unclear as to what exorcise
your demons me like like I have a demon
problem in my house I can only I can
only presume it means you're possessed
okay we're talking about just you have
demons in your house and you need
someone to fight them
it's doing guy yeah you're not gonna
have a house left but fuck demon you
don't take chances with that shit right
Ash saves people but dooms billions in
the process yeah we're talking about
somebody saving me man I'm the person I
care about in this scenario how does
this affect me is the only question you
ever need to ask Wow let's shift ends on
its own yeah how much at all it is not a
very powerful shift hi oh oh I missed an
environmental I don't even know I didn't
see him one will win because of his own
cat is back doing a hash thing else
great how did someone get out vote
bean I guess I got the person in the
book somebody probably came back the
boat was ready to go somebody couldn't
easily have just come back to it unless
you just did it why you just asked yeah
hey whoo-hoo Tejada how'd he get out
you hit t2 just to kiss the map watching
the stream while it's gone
hey who got out
you did what
person on the dock quit the person on
the dock quit okay wait so what happened
who didn't I kill are you gonna be Jason
I got no back to the doom - thing one
will win because of his uncanny luck but
you might get killed in the fodder the
other will kill quick but with
collateral so you say exercise in and
demons I can only presume you're talking
about an exorcism sure like the demon is
inside you right right which case your
only chance is ash because the doom guy
he's not gonna give any Fox shot gun to
the head yep there then you are the
demon right that's a that said that two
people lives right so something was
something was not something wink stir in
the kool-aid cuz I think I killed
everyone don't worry about it it's not a
big deal it
all right anonymous hey guys I'm sure
you get this question a lot hi but what
movie did you watch as a kid and love
but watching it as watching it older
it's not all that good oh is it telling
you for me it's good burger love the
stream
keep kicking ass Howard the Duck
adventures in babysitting obviously
Howard the dark bottom Louise when
you're a dumb kid Monster Squad oh my
god the chat said that at the same time
Monster Squad yeah it's not a great Oh
fuckin hippie
Monster Squad you kicked the Wolfman in
the nards fell on Ted's bogus journey oh
wow we will have to disagree there yeah
that's great good if anything that movie
has gotten better with age better than
the original original bill in Ted yeah
absolutely I'm just sayin
I'll be with you I'll be with you on
that I got your back okay okay I got
your back there
Flutie croissant says duty Chris Oh says
hey guys love your streams with E
they're great pick me up when I'm having
a bad day thanks for the great content
as I'm looking to get back into editing
what do you recommend in an editing
computer right yeah see that's a whole
different that's a whole different bag
of worms right there
I'd say hard drive space but hard drives
are so big right now is that even an
issue no no not really
like and you can go external for days so
yeah like it's all about processing
power and for rendering your GPU your
graphics processing unit but like a
different kind of carpet of gaming card
though right no no actually is you can
use gaming cards for your processing
because because it's doing the same
thing it's just rendering video that's
all a graphics card does but that's very
different I figured in terms of video
editing like the rendering was like
processor intensive well let's see
there's that's that's what I'm getting
at is there are actually there's two
different things so like playback while
you're editing ok is your CPU rendering
out like like taking your edit and
turning it into its own video it takes
GPU I thought it would have been the
other way around
nope huh I'm wait I'm waiting for
someone to disagree with him but I do
believe that's how it works ok but but
also like I'm not a gearhead
when it comes to computers were
currently I'm editing on my macbook pro
like i'm editing on a laptop I'm correct
so great great coding and whatnot I've
really just like the processor doing its
job not a video card no well if you
wanted to go fast you know you need the
video card huh I was already in this
house I think jack is actually schooling
rich well it's not shocking I don't
video on it I mean I'm not trying to be
a jackass and say he's wrong I am merely
expressing kind of surprised I wanna
clarify that
right right well it says you know
there's a lot of factors to consider
but with any editing software you are
going to use they will have recommended
specs you know like like with any video
game it they'll have like minimum and
recommended specs for what computer you
should have and then it all depends on
what you're doing if you're gonna be
doing a lot of like motion graphics
stuff a lot of After Effects stuff you
have to go heavy on that CPU and because
it's going to take a lot of processing
power but if you're just doing normal
video editing you might want to invest a
little bit more in the GPU to make sure
that your renders can happen in a timely
fashion okay yeah and you know a lot of
moving parts I'm not a gearhead rich
what do you do for rlm if you don't edit
find someone else's jerk-off app org huh
did you you did B of rich everyone knows
the contributions you make to our LM on
camera invaluable contributions to what
you make to our LM on camera what do you
do off camera work around a studio and
set building a building a problem yep
I'm hit some I made some walls for
something recently that I had to carve
and paint you guys handmade artisanal
set walls male is something weird going
on with our graphic settings people are
moving really jerky yeah yeah I'm with
you
but yeah so yeah you set build to take
care of the studio and also you are the
only person on camera who matters that
is absolutely true
yeah we're chugging here we're dropping
frames in game is what's happening
okay that no I don't have a map that
house had the phone in it oh wait uh
anyone have a fuse all right
where well God we suck we got nothing we
are some rich letter media exactly rich
letter media who is the one person who
is absolutely vital to any red letter
media program I think I contribute I my
job description is a little of
everything little this little VAD what
needs to be done we need to find a
1930's frying pan yep rich is on it we
need to find that rich good
I know he duped me yes I look dude
you'll built the wheel
I built plane keto oh yeah yeah because
it's a private match you can you can uh
jerkiness is so weird
I think it's frame dropping it didn't do
this before no no it did not do this
before
oh that's this Jason's a good Dodger
he's like he's like the matrix oh I like
this kill this is a good one who was
playing is Jason hits buttons bring up
thing where do you have to go into mute
players now yeah Darth Ozzy didn't
select used to do it
select your start back and forward one
of those yeah it's not turn it this time
weird yeah
Darth açaí is our Jason doing pretty
good job doing a pretty good job dr. Lu
dub says with all the diet talk i've
been motivated in the losing weight
first weigh-in 99 kilograms
218 pounds ok easing into it nice this
week no soft drink and no chocolate oh
ok good
more next week after cheat day good luck
that's that's a good start man like just
getting rid of soda in your life does
does a hell of a lot of good it does a
heck of a lot of good man
we're down um my lowest before cheat day
Saturday obviously I'm down to 193 is
that's the my new low pretty excited
about that so overall down 14 pounds
it's still losing still feeling good
every day every day is a battle new low
that's impossible that's that's
physically impossible to reach a new low
with a diet you were you were an embryo
once Jack I'd like to see you lose that
much weight I was waiting I was waiting
for the get for the gotcha I was waiting
for the gotcha rich Evans nobody's doing
shit on this map we don't got our shit
together guys yeah your diet low
conception I am 6 - I'm 6 feet 2 inches
so according to the United States body
mass index chart I should be somewhere
between I should be around 170 that's
what they say as of right in the middle
of normal as far as your body mass index
goes and I know like a lot of people
have conflicting thoughts about whether
you should like look to your BMI but I
am just using him as benchmarks
my personal goal is around 180 I would
love to be around 180 so not too much
longer to go I think I can do it
Jonesy the don't says dear rich
thank you for constantly recommending
TNG I finally decided to give it a whirl
and I loved every minute of it tonight
stream is the only thing this weekend
that got me to stop haha you're welcome
good old TNG that's fantastic show
fantastic show Braun Adam Sandler says I
get confused by people getting excited
by things based on the label for example
the new Pacific Rim doesn't share the
creative team or most of the characters
yet people are excited del Toro missing
yeah I feel the same way about a lot of
things Guillermo is missing from Pacific
Rim - apparently shit but I mean in
general things that are made by a Lycan
like like before when that came out yeah
you excited about the for not made by
Looking Glass to use because they're
dead none of the same creative team and
not the same way and the nothing is the
same way why well I see but I think I I
think the reason people do get hyped is
a lot of times it is the same team right
and so then like that can be just a
gauge of whether or not you would like
something oh I have liked
uh-uh I have liked Star Wars I like Star
Wars a new hope when the second one
comes out it seems like the same people
I might enjoy that as well you know well
yeah
but sometimes it's not the same people
that's what the question is addressing
though well there's the question was
liking something based on labels alone
so how many people know that del Toro
isn't involved in Pacific Rim - right
okay okay you just see Pacific Rim - you
go I like that first one alright watch
the second one how many people dig a
little deeper the answers not many yep
what do you what do you girls doing just
having a bit of a squad party
according to Robyn says Ridge I'm moving
to a condo and Madison soon how much
would you charge to help with
renovations also how much would Jack
charge to watch you while saying
nurturing supportive things for a
million dollars and you'll help renovate
for million dollars and I certainly
won't guarantee I'll do a good job right
but I will help okay for million dollars
that's a good price
you know what I won't go so high because
I won't be working if I just have to go
there and say nice things to rich I'll
only charge you a million for me how
about this over it why don't we bundle a
bundle deal fumble deal a bundled via
for the both of us is four and a half
million oh I was gonna say three million
nine hundred ninety nine hundred
thousand nine hundred ninety nine
thousand dollars that would is ensuing
so many nines nice 289 but the but the
bundle is for it so instead of paying
five million you get you get something
for five million for the low-low bundle
price of four and a half million we just
saved you five hundred thousand dollars
you're welcome Oh God traps drafts
few extensions hey guys even though I'm
the worst you even even though I'm the
worst you have played with I love
playing with you thanks for everything
you guys do
oh no problem thank you can fix it then
you know if we if we gave him a real
price accepted if we'd never would never
come back and we would just vanish they
show up your warehouse I'd be the last
anyone ever heard of us I do I think I
would if if if someone did agree to meet
that price for those things there'd be a
little recon involved oh sure like we
need to check your identity I will be
notifying the police that we're coming
we need we need pictures of you we need
some collateral we would need a few
things we would to make it official if
someone was like I will absolutely pay
you five million dollars to come and
help move my house renovations
Bill Gates is just such a big fan
wouldn't it be amazing Bill Gates just
just gave us four million dollars I
would help renovate your house Bill
Gates you seem like a cool enough dude
what do you need rich do you not trust
your fans like I'm sure some of you I'm
sure and trustworthy but there's some
weirdos out there man
tell us a creepy story you know I could
tell you a creepy story but no I'm not
gonna I was gonna try to think of a joke
but I didn't in time
so that's do they go if you want a
creepy story get yourself the ghost box
and you get 11 short creepy stories key
key key can you turn off the rain I
believe so I don't believe okay are we
done I believe I'm done all right Owen
Owen I believe we made a terrible
mistake
whatever oh we did oh we didn't put it
up we didn't put it up
there's a nice backup there's always the
backup oh we're terrible we're terrible
Chad do you know what we did well we
were so worried about getting make sure
the audio was right when we started
because that's been weird the last
couple of stretch it has been we forgot
to put up the torture you guys skipped
my second tip did you skip faired in
second too
cops insist us can have been known to
act as extras in first movies if people
pay them like 20 bucks for an hour of
shooting any legal tricks you use / know
of to pad production value of a movie
it's a bad production value first I'm
hearing out the cop 1 right you know
it's true shoot it in the woods right
that's the opposite of what they're
looking for
I know but doesn't everyone things like
well this shoot in the woods the woods
are a real place that exists if you
shoot in the woods they know your movies
a cheap piece of shit that's true avoid
shooting in the woods if you're in a
low-budget or amateur filmmaker avoid it
if you can I know it's easy it's really
easy wait a minute this these are the
tips from Sunday October 8th October 4th
who's in charge of this paste bin
don't see this one started October 8th
what do you guys got we don't have an
explanation point subs we can use that's
what I did I got this
oh uh hold on there so there's another
thing we can do okay there's another
thing we can do
I got this okay I got okay I got this
I just have to remember what it's called
and I will remember shortly give me the
Mentos porfavor yeah that's what it's
called
I know I know how things work don't
worry I know how things work and I got
this okay this we're here we go boom
alright looks like we just get the names
that's better than nothing hold on women
there might be more information here
somewhere let's uh well we got knit yeah
we got names so that's good let's go to
dashboard here let's look for more
information here we go
boom that doesn't have the date though
that's all from today alright this is
like four days ago one hour ago all
right well these look maybe we didn't
have that many today
no because go go back go to the other
thing you're looking at cuz every time
that just went it was just a date
doo doo doo doo doo hold on everybody
we're figuring out my subscribers take
16 10 16 16
that means not that many okay well maybe
we just didn't have that many day not
that many yeah okay so then if we go to
dashboard and we go here to recent
events there are no recent events here
we go we just do all the ones that were
from today so like you know not four
days ago okay that's fine
this should be yeah oh wait do we get
the how long they've been subscribed
here I'm not seeing that followed
followed subscribe to your one followed
son-of-a-bitch first sub might be
Dragomir could be is our fault premises
this is absolutely our fault leftover
beefcakes fine product that keeps track
of this shit for us we hit we had a
system we did we have we had a fleet
fucked it up and we didn't turn the
system on because we're worried about
something else
fucking right does the other thing list
the how many months probably not
probably not I'm curious that was in my
subscribers know we're gonna have
fastened oh we're absolutely gonna have
to have acid but there might be
something we're missing here so just
give me hacks and frogs oh wait you
fixed the eye subs link trap hey there
we go okay thank you we can work with
this
by the way chat you guys constantly save
our ass constantly sort of a porch I
like we need that we need it we need you
know we need richlum is a pre stream
checklist and make a contraption and we
have to flip the switch did you change
the name flip the switch
did did you update chatty flip a switch
did you change the name in xsplit switch
did you start the Twatter right did you
check the volume and only if all five
switches are up well the computer won't
even turn on until it does that or the
internet we how do we send some of these
things without the computer ping on jail
you know what I'm saying I'm spitballing
ideas here alright so now is the point
where we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like queue gonzo 9 5:30 skeptic
knowledge junkie says back up to seven
months keep rockin guys Radner do wani
one Steve the ghost for 13 months
N'Roses
hell yeah 13th anniversary while you're
playing Friday the 13th
what its fate or a coincidence
Gino suave can't prove it's not fake
good that's what you should be rich
watch black mirror ok you should watch
like me it's very good it's Twilight
Zone with a focus on social implications
of emerging and evolving technology
you'll love it ok yeah it's good it's
very good Shawn oh sorry yes you know
Brian shadow six six OC 6 ups what is 6
a rich fellows in the house befo Potamus
fer I can't even believe it forty
motherfucking months in a row leaf in
the Biff eponymous in the house that's
is it is that forty eight months that's
value that's probably gonna motherfucker
you know get rid of that just it just
replaced with in the house we'll see if
that sticks around for a while
whack man v.24 22 fucking months in the
row I think 40 if that just tops off
yeah
we can't keep we can't keep track of
this shit at 48 we just have to sit you
down and have a conversation what you
want to do like we're okay with it but
they're like at this point we need to
double check you know yes means yes
uh-huh
Road no 311 says eat plant whack man
v.24 22 fucking once in a row I think I
said that do you
I believe so that we've won right from
different bottoms to there those there
another v2o well maybe I misheard you
worked to his diner what a power then
double dip then it's fine great the real
Jeff mag gum man
um the real Jeff Mangum
guitar cow captain s WC Marty McClendon
the just meme booty smack crack pretty
smack her ass booty smack Iraq it's not
booty smack crack for 13 months at her
own monkey fete eight who says I can't
believe I only found you guys two months
ago
y'all are awesome thank you thank you
for giving ah drinks says I love you
guys I love Friday the 13th I love
watching us play it how many fucking
hours do you have purely from the stream
many a lot many a lot earlier just from
the stream it's flannel beard
Rupert's dog boy the real DXY wiretap
804 be KJ's studio legopan ink veins for
twenty four fucking months in a row who
says here's to many more movie mocking
months he'll son then sometime your lot
that's fine it's good enough by the way
i think that was perfect Hioki hon
that's great
Edgar Allan Poe Poe for 15 months in a
row Graham knows 13 13 for 13 months in
a row
says I met it's over a year I'm finally
special it's true spastically respected
citizen mega dog 14 expected the 14 to
be part of 14 months in a row I was
waiting for you to finish months in a
row but it's just the name is mega dog
14 make it out 14 bigger blue 13 months
in a row says FB in the a 13 months -
Dax one of 13 months today on this day
but we're playing Friday the 13th the
game if you did couple days after Friday
the 13th hey his destiny were destined
for this person might be fate - Dex
can't prove it's not fate 433 it might
not eating months in a row might be says
I feel sad because you guys skipped
reading subs on my 32nd month and I said
something memorable but I forgot what it
was
sucks to be you I'm sorry I'm sorry
we're not we're fallible human beings
you guys know that's true
so my fault it is your fault it is my
fault who's gonna read them another day
he's getting those getting really lives
that's the day I was the night I had to
cut you off
oh yeah I was playing something that I
was really enjoying and I was like just
one more no we gotta go yeah and then
I'm gonna read them the next time and I
forgot to say the list so my fault
100% boom sup sup men dude 85 baby
Slayer 156 for 37 motherfucking months
in a row this is rich and Jack I'm
enjoying this stream from a flight from
Charlotte to Harrisburg hitting some
rough turbulence if this plane goes down
remember me wish I had a copy of cleared
for takeoff just remember the number the
phone number the hope
you tofu ace says thank you for being a
friend
doo-doo-doo I don't know the rest of
that sitcoms theme dududu the Golden
Girls they're old ladies like let's have
a go girls
maybe it's going girls I just thought
you said the Golden Girls out of nowhere
for no reason was that the Golden Girls
theme I think so Oh dr. ROM or a they're
old ladies who like heaven sags
doo-doo-doo crooked spirals
thanks for the coolest streams on Twitch
they're not but you're welcome anyway
we're the hip one is rich here comes the
clap I'm sorry
well these why that's to separate it Wow
yeah whatever is joe flacco a week says
always enjoy a good f13 stream thanks
hacks welcome and son of vision ah thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it it's true I really do have
a nice night
