Nov 12, 2017
Final Fantasy VII
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/201223701
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/201224262
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaBWwDpbeFU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VeYbJtVjSo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/929762602401587200

[Part I]
Oh, my god.
Who, who are you? And hello everyone
Hello everyone and welcome.
Hi.
Hi.
let's not a for you that's a hello well everyone know everyone should say hello at first and we should confuse everyone because of all the extra people so everyone say hello who's in the room.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
okay now, no one introduce yourself and we'll confuse them for two minutes.
Okay. Sounds like fun.
It's a lot of people a lot of people so many people we're here we are actually playing Final Fantasy 7.
They're orcing me to.
Okay now everyone introduce yourself.
I'm Erin. I'm the other sister.
I'm Katie. I'm the first sister, who's actually not the first sister, but whatever.
You were the first sister on the stream.
Details.
Katie the prom queen, right.
I'm Jim, the dad. 
I'm Karen, the fiancee.
That's everybody.
All of the Evanses.
There are so many Evans's in this room that I'm a little uncomfortable, but we're here, we're making the best of it.
YOu feel left out don't you?
I, no, no. I'm happy that it's not my family.
That's a pretty, pretty sane reaction.
So, you're here fleeing Brexit?
Uh, well, you know, there's problems on both sides. We're sampling the smorgasbord of political options.
Out, out of the brexit, into the fire. Absolutely.
Dumpster fire.
Into the dumpster fire.
No camera this stream, chat. We're very sorry. There are, this...
Just, just too much.
It's too filled with people, and we can't get a camera in here. We can't fit one.
Plus I know you're all jerks. Every single one of you.
Yeah. It's true. Okay, uh, so what are, what are, we're playing Final Fantasy.
Does this not take a controller?
Oh, my god.
Final Fantasy VII.
Does it not take a controller?
It's not doing anything.
Oh, dear. 
Oh, here. Let's just get past...
Is it frozen?
No, here. There we go.
All right, it seems to have...
Yay.
Everything's fine. Look at that sword, Rich.
Crisis averted.
What a cool sword.
It's the dumbest-looking, it's just a hunk of metal. 
It looks so cool.
It is the dumbest-looking sword.
We're gonna play with a cool sword, Rich.
It's a sword that's essentially a surfboard.
God, what is this, a Silver Surfer game?
He doesn't actually surf on it.
Get it together. Rich. 
Uh, yeah, no, there's a bun-, there's a bunch of Evans here. Welcome everyone to the stream. Uh, if you have any questions about Rich, uh, as a baby or child, now is the chance to ask them.
Does this game start, do we just go around on the stars for like a year.
Well, they've already seen a number of pictures of you as a baby and a child. There's the, the Rich Evans baby picture. There's the...
The birthday boy.
Frankly, I...
Dick the birthday boy.
I think the internet knows more about your childhood than we do.
That's very possible.
That's probably true.  
Yeah. Uh, it, it, the, the Dick the birthday boy picture is, you know, huge on the internet. Everyone on the internet knows that picture. Everyone loves it. But more importantly, the, the question on everyone's mind, head, is the, uh, the portrait of Rich as a baby. We need to know where that comes from.
It came from my mother.
But it's not, it's not signed by her. It's signed by an E Lamp. You keep saying it was, uh, your mother. It can't be.
Or maybe his mother commissioned it.
Maybe she used a pen name.
Okay. 
Did she, did she have a, so you think she painted it?
I, I thought she, I thought she painted it.
It's lovely. It's a lovely painting.
Of course, the safe course of action is to take anything that our dad says with a grain of salt.
Okay.
So is this, is this, I wonder if this game, if I need to play this egg to make you
translate listen up Japanese mode no no
just gonna start it's gonna start I
promise there's gameplay we will have to
at least the button through a few text
boxes yeah all right I did there's some
polygons fighting hold on
oh the realistic graphics oh my god what
your did this come up was it 97 let's
say let's say it is because it's great
you might have to hold down about the
directions oh you're gonna fight no I'm
gonna describe the a button over and
over you're gonna fight look at you look
at you with your sword
wow we know this is secretly your
favorite game reach you won yeah sure
achievements are meaningless you're with
a group of soldiers oh yeah you wait
okay okay here's the deal with you know
you want to be a video game voice actor
the script right yes your nightmare I
say here is your big chance he was in
soldier Jesse but he quit moves with us
now I didn't catch your name
now this no is a great idea that we do
all the voices but we probably want to
just chitchat otherwise so no no the
baby has a lot of text yeah I know I
know it's it has a lot of reading and
the gameplay is questionable
but yeah let me hold on let me get too
tipsy us some tips maybe give us some
you know some things talk about a
decisive monkey cat saying hi to all
Rich's family thank you for joining us
Jack Lamont who says never thought they
would see the day that rich Evans
carries a fine phrasing well is frozen
right how you feel so far which I mean
this is this gameplay visit even ran
down my streaks pretty awesome
okay I'll make the controversial
statement that Final Fantasy seven is
the best final fantasy because it is the
one that came out when I personally was
being introduced to videogames
sure sure how do you feel about I think
the very first Final Fantasy I played is
10/10 did you play 10 - no I
I've haven't played any of them after
nine oh okay
I liked 10 - because instead of changing
the characters have you played as girls
and you changed outfits I can have
adorable outfits what they like pop
idols they were there were singers and
if you wanted to be like a fighter you
put out a stylish fighter outfit and it
was adorable
so your penchant for barbie kind of
things goes dress-up and I'm not ashamed
if he is married just to clarify yes
Jackie's upset I'd like that's my
favorite part of ex-commies dressing if
the soldiers uncomfortable enough in my
masculinity that I like playing dress-up
all right so do you buy like DLC packs
of outfit changes in games at all for
anything no but I will spend a lot of
time like trying to unlock specific
outfits you know getting my character to
look
I am I'm a slave to fashion everyone
knows about really really rich you
you're being all the bad guys there you
go my t-shirt spreadsheet is the stuff
of legends I have read shit yeah well
you know we do we do the shows and I
like to wear like t-shirts with things
on them and I don't think it would be
good if I wore the same t-shirt twice
bro you don't film things necessarily
always like it could be like weeks apart
or something and I think it would be
weird if someone clicked on the video
and I'm wearing one shirt and then they
click on the next video and I'm wearing
the same shirt that would be very
strange so I have an Excel spreadsheet
of all the t-shirts up and what day you
wore them is what you were doing and
what day you wore them and what you were
doing well you know what episode and
yeah what what we were filming and so
then if who I'm going to film I always
check the spreadsheet to make sure that
this is not sure that this is perfectly
normal and I think a lot of people
sounds rational it's very rational
what's up with you hey y'all do it you
you just want to pay attention to
anything but this game I'm just trying
to tell you I'm trying to prime you're
trying to prod some kind of sweet red
flag some conversation cuz I'm hittin a
button okay have you done anything flood
hit a button I really want oh well there
you go
that's something but the joy of the game
is in the story in the character I don't
care about the characters yes cuz you
haven't learned anything about them five
minutes into the game and you're passing
all the speech bubbles
reading let's find another guy it's
great you will get so much experience by
the time you get just when I figure out
water doesn't rush to do yo you did
great look you know wow we did it Oh was
it with skill and cunning I go into the
reactor worst which was the reactor does
the one across the catwalk I was in an
Euler line what am I doing here
oh no no no rich of you unlock the mega
punch it's nice to know that swords are
capable of going up against that's bad
it is I really don't like it's just a
dumb design is big I don't care
it's it's nothing compared like the
pudding sword I like the gun sword Oh
finally that's an awesome because it's a
gun and the sword yes that's
like--that's of both worlds you ever
heard of a bayonet anywhere near as cool
that's a gun with a pointy stick on the
end that's not the same this isn't a
sword with with the gun done with a
sword yes yes it is what is the main
feature it's a big sword that happened
to have a gun on it that you can use as
opposed to a gun which okay if 70 come
approach oh crap but some views were up
to you you better stab them with your
pointy stick at the end she's not me
okay we're gonna get a bad rating on
YouTube now this train is no longer
kid-friendly oh you rotten do you are√∂
concerned about that
yeah I was concerned about my precious
sisters delicate years
yeah she's growing up well United but
you know why I don't swear cuz you were
all these the goody two-shoes he never
got in trouble at home and one time we
were playing Nintendo
we were playing Super Mario Brothers 3
and she said craap and mom flipped out
oh no she's swearing don't say that I
was like Aaron's getting in trouble oh
my gosh this must be a really big deal
and it scarred me granted we were like
10 and 15 when this happened it's a
little different now but it stuck with
me are we not saved we have to do all
that I'm sure rich is very devastated Oh
better find a new game this one's not
working first boss fight I went over to
X it turned out
you press a button more that's alright
it's alright how many people are there
lots in here lots and lots of people
there's all the people should we sound
off
I don't know it's super crash it did
it's super crash hold on we got to go
task manager what this computer is my
friend and it's looking out for me
theoretically they can still I'd be
reading about it if they couldn't yeah
oh my lord this super super crashed so
you don't swear because of Mario
interest it was more that it was my very
mouth that well see Aaron didn't really
get in trouble and if if she did
something wrong you just had to kind of
look at her sternly and she you know I'm
right purpose of this stream is not
information about me this stream is to
embarrass rich as much as possible I'm
too clever for I was always getting in
trouble yeah tell stories nope don't
have to rich it's super crashed ravings
super crap I can't even I can't even get
to the task manager because the task
manager is on that screen behind the
game that crashed if you believe that
right it really really does not want us
to play alright try instead of that
training and that training called enter
can we minimize it's maybe okay
everything's fine okay we are now on it
enter
alt-tab so do you have any stories about
rich as a kid what's going to mean we
get the steam know we close dream steam
close the game everything's broken rich
everything in the world oh my god you
believe it
so our final fantasy sports kind of do
they even like final fantasy i I
despised final fantasy more than I've
ever despised anything in my entire life
that's impressive back there we go thank
you whoever told me how to do that in
chat if you press the window key in the
arrow key it moves the screen Thank You
chat
you did it you fixed everything my
sister however loves Final Fantasy uh
she is punishing me by making me play
Final Fantasy she's punishing you well
you also agreed to play it I know I did
it's just a Georgian I love my sisters
all right
how sweet is that sim you know this is
this is a payback for all of the years
you were nice to you belittles my
interest
Oh final fantasy I was never anything
short of supportive anime why would you
learn Japanese
I took you the comecon's so you did you
sounded glum about it no it wasn't all
insults
oh good I got him working Oh rich I got
it working again you might have to start
right cuz I care about you yes all right
so comic conventions yes
do they have them in in Scotland are
they common oh they exist I feel like
the ones in Scotland are not at the same
scale as around here is it is an issue
of not being able to get talent who does
most of the talents over here I imagine
it's some combination of that and just
number of people down twist I mean to
some no more than you know European
creators oh sure definitely
and probably in London there are more
and bigger ones I've been to a few in
Glasgow that have been lovely events
with lovely people but they're not
wizard world
well what relatively speaking London's
not that far away
no it's a few hours on a train yeah
four and a half hours on the train so
could theoretically go you haven't gone
there just for a convention I have not
my husband is absolutely not interested
in conventions and are you kidding pop
culture so so the fact that I've gotten
him to go as far as Glasgow I think is
an achievement how did you end up with
somebody who wasn't interested in this
stuff I could see that being a
compatibility issue with you he provides
balancing features where does his nerdom
life anywhere say he's an engineer you
know what
no Star Trek we can get him back and you
can talk about Star Trek do what patriot
could be a fan of Doctor Who we watch
Doctor Who for a while to be honest I
haven't tuned in for several seasons oh
yeah he loves red dwarf classic it is
classic I am looking forward to the new
season of Doctor Who though because
they're getting a new showrunner okay a
showrunner for a did you ever watch on
broadchurch
okay the showrunner who was on
broadchurch which is a detective show
with David Tennant okay and the new
doctor was actually on broadchurch and
so it's a good showrunner and some good
writers and so I'll probably pick it up
next year when we get the new doctor and
the new showrunner fingers crossed for
good quality tiny tiny wine meanest you
know that's all you can ask for just
want some weird time stories yes what
kind of stories do they do if they're
not doing time stories Doctor Who I
don't watch this what's most what's good
what's the deal present sometimes it's
just like aliens like yeah weird alien
planet stuff they did this really weird
sometimes it's just English sometimes
it's not alien sometimes it's time stuff
like the also usually involves alien
what's the what's the Christmas special
where they went back to to do who's the
guy that wrote a Christmas carol which
involved aliens well they were ghosts
alien the hell is that really count
because they were all so gorgeous
well they so they were the ghosts of
aliens they were the ghosts of aliens
and that's what it's weird
reanimated corpses yeah so there were
zombies and ghosts of aliens Doctor
Who's great doctor who can be great it
can be great it's also been very bad
anyway yeah a stick with door
consistency get door crap
Dorcas douche douche is a fine one moron
idiot there's a lot of characters to
name you can go through oh yeah
he had idiot as the other character
so your meeting on the bridge you see in
the text it tells you where you're going
to go uh-huh but we have our very own
story telling here I read the text when
we forget flavor text the Cliff's Notes
version exact oh there yeah cool dork
honest I could have many eye shadow but
I don't know I don't know you're doing a
great job know what door so so speaking
of Star Trek have you seen any of the no
I I have not I have not either
I finally got around to watching and
what did you think to put it politely
it's very inconsistent how much of you
watch I got three episodes three
episodes in and it's very very
inconsistent I'm not sure who I should
be rooting for at any given right right
everyone's kind of evil but they're also
good but then they're evil but then the
good things that they're doing or for
evil reasons and so it's all great it's
all great it sounds like you're three
episodes past the pilot Oh does it get
more muddled a lot of it's fine I'm not
as down on it as rich ones but yeah it's
it's kind of like it's very much okay it
gets slightly better after the pilot the
pilot is just the the worst thing ever
the biggest misstep they could have made
is that awful pilot which one the first
is the first Jim the first two
yes maybe how did the second episode oh
no spoil we won't spoil yeah this ship
shot at each other the whole episode the
second episode when did when did when
did Michael the new ship then the actual
discovery
why didn't know no when did Michael
Vulcan death grip the captain was that
episode one during my time on the end of
episode one okay that's a good joke that
Mary's cake that's a very good joke okay
STD spoilers the tests are back it's
positive because Star Trek Discovery it
has the initials STD which is very poor
planning on CBS is fine
they knew exactly what they were doing
do you think everyone's gonna be talking
about our STD it's very contagious it
will infect infect the public right okay
got a rub in my Hess TV no chat it made
Michael's high rank in Starfleet makes
perfect sense but then she turns on a
dime for that one part and then
everything else gets all muddled the STD
dependent depends you know was she there
for the STD in the first place not a
show for couples is there cure
honey I got to show you my STD where you
going hi I should have explained better
I promise it's only got a few Klingons a
few Klingons very nice if you are the
better
wait what's what's going on you're in an
elevator
uh-huh you're gonna know he's intense
elevator simulation okay does he have
hands or hoofs yes the answer is yes
what am i what am I done it is button
are you done hitting the button I'm done
hitting the button you need to go out
the door the door doesn't open no no the
less that's what what door oh my god
that was a door this game has amazing
graphics that change wildly between
cutscenes and the actual game I said a
lot of the graphics because but honestly
this would have been better if they just
had some nice little sprites on just
saying just saying the 3d isn't doing
anything for this game but at the time
it was cutting height an edge well and
if you had sprites you couldn't do the
art the amazing and emotional cutscenes
which you give this some it's true
Capcom versus Marvel sprites then it
would be adorable
so that's what you get when you have a
room full of evidences this the the
people in chat need to understand as we
were setting up this stream i was
derived by pundits coming from all
directions all the Evanses were here we
truly have a worthy opponent
what we could have caught more of them
on the stream if we would been more
punctual okay I feel like this is gonna
go badly very good no I was I was rated
tip leftover beefcakes is Jack you were
on Fleck in that Sask Squatch video you
really deserved to win an Oscar I was
really excited you don't know not what
is it fleek I don't know the kids I just
you know what I have to Google today I
had to google what dabbing is you know
what dabbing is yeah we're like emotion
you put your face in your elbow and then
you put your arm up like that the kids
are all about dabbing again or still
because I heard I I don't know where it
came from or whatever but I heard that
it was you know passe now already you
know for nine-year-olds it's all the
hotness so I don't know what it what
teenagers are doing but as far as my
nine-year-old is concerned dabbing is
dabbing
it's just everything everything he does
and that motion and I was like what the
hell Deb this is my dad moved a but I
had to google it and it started in the
in the 2010s in the atlanta underground
hip-hop scene and eventually made its
way to professional sports i now it's
trickled down to little white boys
exactly I wouldn't worry too much kids
of that age are known to dabble dabble
fun
how do I say jam buddy no I didn't do
anything at the keyboard guys you son of
a bitch they go I have a lot of keyboard
you have to press one button matter
there you go and there's a X the X
button stop did that actually save I
missed that's great
did it nothing I don't know I'm just
gonna hit a button okay sigh I really
enjoyed this Sasquatch video I thought
that that came out really well yeah well
you can't go wrong with suburban
suburban Sasquatch is a joy for all the
ages it's a terrible movie that we just
did a show on an episode on it and it
was wonderful
yep so came I'm very very funny so I
guess I didn't say going back to Friday
no no it is a sasquatch that's from the
forest and the suburbs are encroaching
on the floor so the Sasquatch is
fighting back it's a horror movie but it
has the deep artistic themes about
nature versus man it's like Harry and
the Hendersons only with 10% more dog
select yes you're doing great rich
you're doing great and pick up that
materia and impress something besides a
buddy Bob sure thank you George
just do it I got a watch make sure you
don't pull nothing fine I'll do it
my name is cloud Tomcat 2:09 6 has a
question for the Evanses family fan
family was rich always so cynical as a
little kid oh I'm getting a nod yeah
yeah yeah
his first motion was an eye-roll he
emerged from the world and immediately
questioned the doctors credentials so he
was always kind of a dick that's great
this this might be photos of like up to
my birthday and I didn't like being the
center of attention
ya wanna be the center of attention so I
end up in sure yeah yeah ironically yep
rich look at you're fighting a giant
monster no no I'm not doing great well
you have other options we're Canadian
are doing fine I'm sure you could like
you did a limit break you got a little
break thing you could do something else
I'm sure no no he would have had a heal
spell if he puts in material he has it
here he's losing his tried-and-true mega
punch tactic we can use one thing over
and over again see how far kicked he's
probably hoping that he dies and can
play a different game he's like if I
just lose
he's shaking he has serious facial hair
so you know you never know when on the
go it's an effort to maintain that baby
face with all those sharp edges you're
doing terrible there is potentially some
strategy that would be useful for this
fight no for fuck's sake
you're doing terrible you died
good thing you went back and saved
that's true man about to start from the
beginning because we would have made you
start from the beginning this is the
angriest button-pressing of everything I
absolutely hate this Anonymous has a
very important question for Rich's
sister how is her Scottish accent awful
celtic or Rangers sagas yeah your name
way celtic arrangers haggis yeah your
name and why is UK so much better than
the US ok Scottish accent terrible
Rangers vegetarians - no haggis and free
public health care the trump card
rich we're not getting political
that didn't used to be a political
statement I remember back in the day
it's hard
valiant bloodshot says I can hear rich
Evans slowly dying inside the horror the
horror we're all dying slowly every day
every single day that you're alive
you're dying right back
so why Rangers mostly because one of my
first friends in Scotland was rapidly
anti Celtic in Pearl Rangers so yes the
Glasgow nobody knows these things okay
yes
if heart of midlothian was thoroughly
and without Nicks would you still go
with Rangers do you know how much
football I watched Katie but I mean
heartily Lothian would be like you're
your hometown okay there's there's the
hearts of the Hibbs in Edinburgh um
somebody corrected me on the team colors
so you're not a sports ER and a freak
baller I am all in favor of people doing
the thing with the ball and the points
yeah yes used to be yeah I haven't been
following as closely for the last few
years but so did alright this year what
key here
all right and Tom Canty I know I didn't
even have to do that I did it because if
you take this opportunity to heal or
defend or other things until the tail
goes back down it will not murder you
they need have to press a different
button you would actually have to read
the Excel spreadsheet menu here and if
he did that then right after that he
might have to strategize a little bit
and then you might have to each other
the game you think I'm pretty sure he
would spontaneously combust if he got a
moment's enjoyment out of final fantasy
it's very true do something let's see
here how much I won feel about Disney
pulling all the Marvel shows from
Netflix so they can start their own
streaming service well we get to not
attack we can use an item what a tale is
down now so it's so great to do regular
text but unless you use an item to heal
a lot of some of it's on Netflix the
Marvel stuff is on Netflix
I was thinking more in terms of like not
sure close like them are some of the
Star Wars stuff is on the Netflix Marvel
stuff is on Netflix they're gonna pull
it all start their own thing set their
own shtick their own streaming service
I'll probably end up paying for it cuz I
got kids they gotta see they got to see
Moana everybody's gonna see Milano
I've never used a streaming service so
you've never used this room you don't
have necks I've never used it the only
time I've seen anything on Netflix was
when rich showed us the first two
episodes of stranger things
oh yeah my first Netflix experience what
do you think it was good I can't wait to
watch the rest one of these days now
that we have a DVD it's a good show
looks like a VHS oh yeah oh that's cute
that's great J Bhabha movie jealous ha
ha ha
J Bowman would be upset that it wasn't
an actual VHS anyone they saw this idea
what like VH of the rental stores
sticker on it yeah should be kind more
wine now of course you need that
did you get the guardians of the galaxy
soundtrack on cassette tape no I am NOT
shocked that some cassette say oh yeah
they did they did release my friends I
did not buy it
I tried very hard to find a car that had
a cassette deck when I replaced my car
and they are surprisingly hard to find
now so I got a Walkman with a Jack said
I could still have my tapes yeah you
need tapes the the cassette industry is
booming hipsters well it's like I I can
understand the argument like you know
vinyl has always made a slight comeback
and maybe people save just sounds better
sounds richer but there's no way we can
make that argument for cassette and CDs
have the wonderful wonderful ability to
skip tracks right so what's the benefit
to cassette besides it being weird
that's pretty much yeah
have you experienced but it didn't have
the five seconds of the commercial break
that I accidentally recorded before the
song and when they cut off the last
couple of seconds by talking over it
exactly it should distribute the the
cassette tape versions with pencils sure
for easy rewind which what's a gameplay
near you fighting this monster again you
have items you have magic although very
good very good playing this game in your
sleep or not playing it really
also don't care also both of your kids
cannot help don't I want them to die no
you you enjoyed this battle so much oh
you're gonna do it over and over again I
want them to freakin die when do you get
more characters mm-hmm if you get caught
I mean within a short amount of time
where everything's relative
yeah they'll be more telling you shit
all right a monkey's Katz has a question
who was the best behaved kid growing up
father Isley well keep in mind that rich
grew up in a separate household so we
saw no look like there we go that's all
I needed to hear you're terrible I read
in let's see here doctor lube it up
since how many Evans is somebody Evans
is hyda richest family jack enriched
watch the new half in the bag agree with
Mike cinemas need to die off if they
can't adapt and evolve to the term are
you guys still go to movie theater ease
yes sometimes y'all feel about the movie
theaters
do you like the experience we do I don't
feel it's necessary to my personal
enjoyment of the film I can these days
they come out on blu-ray so quickly that
the big did you know that according to
the chat I'm a monster because I haven't
seen new Blade Runner in a theater a
monster
yes the big-screen experience is nice
but I I've noticed most most theaters
these days are converting to the big
recliners and stuff which is nice in
some ways but I really don't like that
you have to pre save your seat ahead of
time but I tend to go with friends and
we don't all show up at the same time we
don't necessarily know how many people
are going to be coming and so you can't
just reserve you know a block of seven
seats and only have three people show up
or seven seats and have 12 people come
and end up sitting all over the theater
and not with each other and it does take
a little more pre-planning but I love
you know like two days before I'm gonna
go seem to be picking out my seats and
just not having to worry about it it'd
be one thing if that was an option some
of the time or for certain theaters but
that you have to do it for pretty much
every show now but don't forget to be
spontaneous that's true you kind of have
to do with today's in advance now or in
the Star Wars case if three months in
advance my just dragging this corpse
wait wait wait
am I just dragging this guy's corpus
with me wherever I go you you are until
you use a healing item I kind of let the
drinking corpse with me everywhere I go
honestly so what are the things that
you're fighting against I don't look
dango some parents very extremely
ill-tempered parents okay they look so
cute until they murder you they do it's
like a cross between a paradin and
jellyfish
why do you hate me so much we hate you
we just like watching you suffer the
same thing but now you could use a
healing item before I kind of use that
I'm dragging this corner of me I suggest
you talk to the girl first
why because I would I know how would I
know that you might have had to do it
another time what's the timer if you
don't get out within that time period
then you explode and you have to do it
all over again
have you saved since you beat up yes are
you saving the certain spots yeah but
have you done it since the scorpion no
I'm gonna go pass the same if they tried
to save the same point we have up we
have a question here for anyone his
family has internet fame changed rich
Evans adult is he a horrible diva at
family gatherings now no hasn't always
been a horrible deal remember that bit
about him not liking me in the center of
attention
great
now there's no one of those this thing
there's a door same thing what's up here
dance why is that there
oh no not this again world building
there oh look you see the elevator yeah
and now you know where the door to the
elevator is true talk to one of them you
gotta fight more jellyfish first oh no
he's our crab man that's fine is it
though we might die don't die rich I
know
by the way they started out as squares
but ended up as almost rhombuses they
were like hexagons these were magical
shapes
it's a polygon gun poly cuncun polygon
very good oh my gosh we are related did
it rich rich keep doing the things you
should also yes and no one wants that
where's idiot there's dragging this
quotes around look he's dead and rich
refuses to heal him instead of he
chooses to drag his corpse or into every
battle
it's big corpse yeah well you know he's
got to have some upper body strength to
wield that sword yes if you could see my
face right now it is miserable another
reason why we don't have the camera on
the internet can't handle this amount of
hate that rich Evans is spewing forward
is anyone even reading the jet yeah sure
we are are you guys I don't know
do you have a spare controller in case
the eight button gets worn out
no they'll have to use keyboard and
mouse pretty accurate and he's also
allergic to broccoli let's see here
doobie sandwich says just want to say
thank you Ricardo for doing your sis a
favor playing one of the most tolerable
games you're least tolerable franchise
stay cool
chappie no no I'm not in a good spot
right now you did oh you made it out
look oh oh and you knocked over that
girl that wasn't him oh this is
something you want to do the voice for
or not what happened you're being loud
oh sure which one you watchin you think
you know Alison you'd better get out of
here really I don't know what's going on
but all right goodbye thanks for
stopping wait wait lady wait for me
that's his voice that's his voice
exactly yes that's my thing they're
gonna hire you to do the voice acting in
for the remake yeah I've been to
petitioning I'm pretty hard hey there
soldier are you're going to fight me now
later what I don't know I'm just trying
to avoid what this often fights
it's pretty sure you're not gonna be
able to pretty sure the options were
fight them or later not fight them or
avoid a fight you didn't even get
knocked off the great fight avoided you
did it okay oh here we go
monkeys cat has a really important
question for every member of Rich's
family if you could be any kind of
animal what would you be this is a very
important question it's like a rite of
passage to a previously recorded stream
any any type of animal at all now there
there are important questions as to what
what are the what are the rules and
perimeters what counts as an animal does
it have to be a real animal gonna be a
mythological creature how long is this a
permanent transformation or a temporary
thing do you get to choose to go back
and forth let's let's say it's temporary
is it like a harry potter animagus sort
of thing where you get to yeah go back
and forth that win yeah absolutely it's
like a Polyjuice potion and you still
keep your but you just get to be an
animal this is an important question and
it could okay how do you fit the mental
capacity of a human and something like a
fool imagine
it's magic these are the serious
questions of our age it's magic rich is
not happy with me right now and that's
fair okay
go animals Phoenix okay great
any more time now sasquatch and would
you just set up cameras and like take
really good photos of yourself to sell
them to newspapers why not that's a
great idea I love it
well guys I'm making rainy on purpose of
course of course but like high quality
enough where people know they weren't
fakes I love it I love it I love it
alright I think I'd go squirrel squirrel
regular or fly knows regular ground I'm
sorry I stepped all over your joke I
stepped all over it not a chipmunk yeah
I think the the red one probably they're
pretty adorable a little the Tufts yeah
tops of the ears is it a more black is
amazing to have a celebrity like the
opposite of an albino they're having
some squirrel discuss I didn't think it
was again you had like fluorescent
painted like
be kind of cool to be able to turn your
wrists around and climb down things
they're talking about being squirrels
right I know this is what's happening I
know
here's what's going on right now I'm
being forced to play Final Fantasy now
and my family is talking about being a
squirrel yep yep these are all the
things that are had they've done
something horribly wrong in my life
and I am not paying for it
but after tonight like you should have a
clean slate the Karma slate just wipe
the Karma etch-a-sketch
Shido motive of riches being forced to
play this game because we thought it
would be funny my sister loves it yeah
and we thought it would be funny we
thought it would be funny to torture
rich for the night and by the way
everyone you're welcome we could have
played a visual novel instead it's not
too late you'd prefer that to laugh
you're not even hot awful boyfriend
that's the pigeon dating sim I'm sorry
why it's a dating sim with pigeons Oh
would you like to play that yeah you are
you are the only human girl at an all
pigeon high school if you can see Jack's
face right now
so you're a human girl human and you are
trying to date a pigeon well I mean the
pigeons are really the only option
you're the only you're the only like
homeless sapien around you're a
hunter-gatherer living in your cave when
you attend this high class like school
you had to argue your way to get in your
petition for pigeon submit donations
because you go to an all pigeon school
like you don't have to date pigeons I
don't know that there are many humans at
all you should say no one are you
trained maybe if you read some of the
speech bubbles you'd have an idea rich
you need to find a pidgin and dated
that's what they're trying to say
they're trying to give you hints that's
why you don't like this game rich
they're too enough it's a whole nother
level rich isn't bad at this rich as no
interest whatsoever in doing this do you
want to and shake that at you sketch
clean or not you gotta suffer for your
art man I should have murdered somebody
before I came in today I'm bad at it
because I'm not trying see here yonder
yonder says why is Jack throwing ashamed
at the choice of lingo of DAB he's such
a lemonhead if you aren't hip to the fly
vocab you're totes bumpy
it's why you twats don't have no schwag
in yo France brah that was a real
sentence that someone thanks to us thank
you you know we all when we were kids I
think like everyone has like lingo
that's weird
yes and but now I'm an old man and so I
can say that kids lingo is weird and I
don't understand it
and it's less than lingo like I get what
a DAB is I don't understand the purpose
of the movement I I don't understand
fidget spinners no I don't understand
that either you don't fidget then
if you fidget you understand the fidgets
better but but you're not spinning it or
you just like pressing it and like it's
not a ball bearing you spin it at once
and then you have to wait for it to
finish you don't have to you could stop
it on your own and spin it again which I
freaked when we do what happened is just
like shaking your leg to fidget I mean
that's what I always did sure no shame
in your commercial enough you can't make
money off of shaking you're like
twitching well you can make money off of
twitching but not I do on my desk a
brick of Legos then I flip I've got a
fidget spinner I've got a fidget cube I
got I got I got a Rubik's cubes that I
fidget with maybe I should try the
fidget spinner and see if I get hook
I'll be honest with you it's pretty nice
just everyone smile just fucking do it
well like if I'm talking on the phone
for a long period of time no nobody okay
look I know I don't have that much
mental capacity I can barely hold a
conversation with someone and so like if
I'm playing a game and talking with
someone not gonna happen but this I can
do while talking
I do need to walk when I talk to people
on the telephone
can you walk and talk and chew gum at
the same time you know it's the gum
chewing that really muddles up the
talking for me
great it gives you a real speech bubble
thank you now that that was a reach but
I'll accept it that for me the fidgets
spinners not a fan the fidgets spinner
is something I like because I fidget
constantly pop culture is just catching
up with him yeah they finally reached a
rich Evans level yeah have you think
about that well that's the end of the
world all right hmm
they just keep on spinning then the
world spins with you okay ah Donna says
how did Mike get a hold of that dick the
birthday boy photo um we were still in
my grandma's place
i I I just cleaned break I was just
throwing everything out did he utter lay
everything out Mike saw those so he saw
me throwing that sawed those out and he
grabbed my family photos so he could you
know
embarrass me with them years down the
road he's not to save them from me doing
something I might regret later but just
so he could make me really regret it
sure well isn't that the entire purpose
of family photos is for future
embarrassment absolutely I think so I
have I have a dedicated folder of my
children looking they're awful lists she
just fell through a little shit in case
anyone's having trouble hearing Karen
she's called
you little shit a cute little shit any
response okay yeah great book you dad a
little shit I mad no retort up to it
alright it's great yeah I think that's
what I was looking for great so yeah
basically Mike burgled it Mike verbal
dear old family really a verbal when I
was throwing it in the trash so Mike
dumpster dived yep dumpster dildo
stirred oh okay and the Internet is a
better place for you didn't know at the
time yes now the whole world the whole
world could see photos of me as a seven
year old with a shirt that says birthday
dammit the fuck was up when giving me a
shirt that says dick the birthday boy
did nobody say anything at the time
nobody said anything nobody notice
anything weird about it
I didn't notice anything weird about it
I'm looking at the pressures going
what's so funny
no nobody so no one would even if it was
a questionable decision no one would
bring that yeah okay like why don't you
just don't cross some people could you
mean that they're not being named you
know it's an action for some people put
that out there
it was it was a simpler time back there
you go
well now it's okay there you go yeah now
she is a garden tool perfect yes
key for the tool Ken Jennings they asked
the question was I think an immoral
person or a long-handled gardening tool
and he said a hole they were looking for
reek yeah an immoral person is a rake
yeah I've never heard this before oh
they didn't count it yeah that works
you know the verses I've seen it just
cuts off with Alec Alex go I don't know
what they're teaching you about this
school I resurrect I counted it am I
supposed to do something yes
pinball machine possibly play pinball
have you spoken to everyone in the room
well I don't want to speak down in one
of the room I don't care what they have
to say yeah
you got talk to mom the chat is getting
back to us on whether or not they
counted it so one so the judges should
have accepted it does that mean that
they didn't I'm looking for confirmation
rich playing this game is making pigeon
dating with more and more appealing and
say what here's here's why I might not
count it
oh-ho yeah it's being immoral for the
money not because they enjoy it they're
not an immortal pleasure-seeker there
are an immortal pleasure seller well I
suppose it would it would be
questionable at all whether or not being
a ho is immoral okay okay philosophical
yeah we're going there you know all
right in fact everybody and I'm I'm just
because a person is promiscuous or
promiscuous for money doesn't
necessarily make them immoral depending
on whose point of view you're like this
is great family discussion you're
welcome everybody the sex work is work
it's just following their vocation
exactly Jan so I could see them not nope
great I don't know let's see here
Darkwing muck says whatever you do don't
make rich play Final Fantasy Tactics
next he might actually enjoy that one I
think by virtue of having Final Fantasy
in the name it's just automatically ya
think at this point it is yes it's true
it's absolutely true clearly we should
have had him play Final Fantasy 13 and
he could just run in the straight line
down the corridor was that I haven't
played it but I have heard many things
of its basically know what none of the
exploration of the earlier game is
famous we should we should have made him
play Final Fantasy x-2 so he could be
pretty girls changing outfits he would
have liked that much better I think we
should have you play that in the Final
Fantasy 10 you know there was a lot of
weird minigames like they had the weird
sport that they made up for it you never
played it you don't know wait yes there
was like it there was like it was like
underwater rugby that a sport they made
up for Final Fantasy 10 that was a large
chunk of the early game was not fighting
anyone was playing a game that never
came into play later on it was awful I
still played it I don't know which is
the one that had the chocobo racing this
one this one well hurry up and get today
the gold saucer oh okay
I spent a large quantity of time
breeding my gold chocobo to win all of
the races
great
see here we got an anonymous says I'm
really enjoying Rich's torture playing
final fantasy but how about we switch it
around and have Rich's sisters play XCOM
can i play with the same style I'm just
mashing oh you go ahead and see how far
you get the planet is dying rich good
it's got nothing to do with him but rich
out what about the story and the
characters aren't you fascinate not look
at that guy's hair it's amazing it's
terrible it's somebody's sky wasn't one
big chunks wow look at him you can stab
somebody with your hair it's awful well
but what about the hottie maiden cloud
don't aren't you and do it for the face
like twenty spikes it's not a unicorn
Yeah right
he's the narwhal of the battlefield then
are cloud the nur cloud babe she's like
she's like twenty polygons yep it's
super babe oh look here's another babe
the same babe
oh is it with the horse hoof hands hey
hey lady that's Saturday Horace well
she's a fighter
it was a surgery gone wrong she's very
flexible though I just just click click
click click
yeah is it picking up now it is do we
need a mic for this just for the
controller absolutely hand of fate - we
could we could be so rich tell me why
Ranma 1/2 was acceptable because Cara
like that I like Karen what's up wait
what's run by one what Rama is he and
his family are like cursed it's an anime
Basin and that's what when he gets it
hot water turns in one way in cold water
turns the other yeah and his father as a
similar problem but he turns into a
candidate
and there is a cast of characters that
turn into a variety of things such as a
cat a duck a baby pig they do this when
they get wet when they get wet and
they're all marshallers their own
martial artists what happens when the
woman gets wet yeah the cursed Springs
know too much yeah my family know we're
gonna we're gonna get a yellow dollar
sign mixes yes so this was an anime that
you watched a lot of French Karen
because that's devotion this was I've
watched some terrible things because you
know of my wife oh well know that like
I've done that just for me but yeah I
don't know I don't know if I could watch
an anime series I don't know what the
anime was like but the manga has a lot
of nudity I mean not like not like you
know dirty things happening but bath
houses feature quite frequently in a
story about water changing people back
and forth
just keep clicking it's so great easy
winning the games evil Lord David says
hey Evans family David here don't want
to alarm you but I think I may have foul
fallen into a separate timeline we're
rich Evans plays final fantasy other
rich favorite hairstyle in the game so
far it's all awful yep oh no it's green
green means it's right now oh now you've
got a whole cast of characters everybody
when did idiot get life back I think
that you finally give them no I think
you reached a story trigger point or
it's like okay which works at this point
what you're saying is by dragging that
corpse wrong I saved the health potion
he's not weaker because nowhere drove
him oh no what am I gonna do after the
stream when I no longer play this game I
did buy it on my account because I
didn't want to sell your steam account
that was very thought I knew it would it
would make you sad every time you saw it
on my account why you couldn't just
delete it afterwards yeah just a
constant reminder that it could be read
out someday you did this would yes
though I did think about four seconds
like ring that would really hurt rich
every time he went down
his theme was to say funny you know
probably what hit delete that you can't
delete the name on your list you can
delete the game but every time he goes
to the X Final Fantasy 7 would be there
happy birthday rich it's actually for a
thoughtful gift I got something for
myself
that's where am I going no what am i
doing Final Fantasy 7 expert Erik

[Part II]
iceworm I going know what am i doing
Final Fantasy 7 expert eridan the text
went by talking are you mad at me are
you are you know what do you think was
gonna happen tonight
happy Evans family fun time we're not
having that in a roundabout way sure we
are we are that's what you so bad did
you did you expect me to play and get
into this no especially when you're
stuck in a bar 20 minutes in can't get
out no it's still a fun time we're still
we're still having a great time so did
you guys see Blade Runner Blade Runner
movie cuz it's pretty good
no I said yes and it's really good and
rich needs to see it that's the right
answer
there's people lying down they're dead
they're dead I confessed I only just saw
the first Blade Runner for the first
would you stay awake for the whole thing
I haven't seen any of what I know
Hey enjoyed it thought it was important
for what it did for the genre and film
these are all correct answers I didn't
think it was the Beall no no no no no no
Sean run not for film did you enjoy the
movie on its own merits you might say
yes I'm not saying you won't but that's
the best question I enjoyed it I don't
know that I would run out and buy a copy
- you have on hand okay I have not
have you I have it's been a while and
which would you recommend more the film
or the book have you seen the phone does
the book have this Linda you what did
you watch the mom know who's called you
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep that's
what I've okay
except what it's a very is it is it a
full Booker's it's like a short story
okay okay to be honest
sure I just had that speaking of books
having a hard time remembering books I
have a while ago I read Dirk gently's
holistic detective agency oh yes
immediately forgot everything about it I
could not retain any information and I
was playing a videogame that I found to
be pretty boring at the time and so I
said you know what would be great I
listened to the audiobook because the
audio book is actually narrated by
Douglas Adams the author oh really
so it's this wonderful Briton you know
charming British man talking about a
British comedy I'm reading his own
British comedy and it was great didn't
retain a single thing of it because I
was splitting my attention you're
playing a video game well you know what
I'll listen to it again I'm still
playing sport Bennigan's listen to it
twice didn't retain a thing they owe the
value you're getting out of that
audiobook you can listen to it over and
over I was like it's like Hitchhiker's
where it's a story but really it's just
like a stream of consciousness here's a
weird idea here's a weird idea here's a
neat eye here's can you concept no no
this is this of light story stringing it
together no Dirk Gently is a full story
that setups payoffs character arcs all
that guy stuff and you know and it is a
detective story so last Friday I had to
drive to Chicago in bed and I
said to myself gosh dang it I'm going to
pay attention to this story if it kills
me and I think it financed that and I
died also I'm dead now and I'm a ghost
boo but uh but are you an alien ghost
trapped in your corpse also Doctor Who
is here and he's about to exorcise me
I'm sorry I have to leave now
I can't listen I've tried to whistle the
doctor I was working on it but anyway I
I really enjoyed it
now that I think I remember most of the
plot details of Dirk Gently fourth
time's the charm
the fourth time's the charm excellent
the electric monk and his and his horse
full of personality and ideas yes
great well that bewilder doors it was
one of that like that was the thing
because I'm watching the TV show the
Dirk Gently TV show which I'm more or
less enjoying and I was trying to
remember how faithful it was to the book
and then I found myself not being able
to remember specifics about the books
even though I've listened to you twice
and read it once it's not very faithful
to the book
right instead it's a fine show the book
is much better as is usually the case
it's a fine show in the chat they're
saying that the book was actually based
off of an unmade doctor whom script
which I could completely see I think
I've been getting that confused with a
third hitchhikers book because I believe
that was the case with the third
hitchhikers book it could be the case
with a lot of his books yeah yeah just
life the universe and everything I will
say this Dirk leave the first Dirk
Gently book does involve a fair bit of
time drive Smith maybe he just brought a
couple Doctor Who scripts that they
projected them both rejected ah yes
script I got all this backwards I'm just
gonna label some of them together it's a
book now that's why they're so that's
why hitchhikers is so is so ass parson
that all over the place it's just
different scripts stapled together what
are you fighting he did just turn green
did it why'd she turn green I want to
see them make a movie of the restaurant
in the universe I just remember the
talking cat
okay especially we have seen I think
that's probably right great great great
right yeah he's just encouraging them oh
I'll just nip off and shoot myself he
serves would you like to partake a part
of my body my flank is especially tender
it's not quite so funny but I just read
a book
what listen to an audiobook does that
count yeah you say you read a book and
listen to the audiobook no you said you
spending on the context of the
conversation no we are legion Bob what
is this what is we reduced price I
haven't actually got the chance to
listen all of it yet but he like binge
listens to stuff so he listened to the
whole thing last night and it's it's
this guy and he dies but he has been
cryogenically frozen and so they they
put him convert yeah so they're building
the space probe the space probe and the
idea is you can explore the whole galaxy
if you send a probe out probe goes to
the nearest star doesn't have to go fast
in the light it's a probe yeah the probe
builds copies of itself and sends those
to other stars and then they go to those
stars and they make copies of themselves
and in a relatively short span of time
you have explored the whole galaxy
sure the problem is jack is that you
need you know listening independent AI
it needs to be a fairly sophisticated AI
surely they couldn't make an AI that's
sophisticated but they could take
somebody's brain and upload it to a
computer so they take this dead engineer
Bob who had his head cryogenically
frozen and they turn it into an AI that
is this space probe that goes out to
explore the galaxy we are legion and he
makes copies of himself this sounds of
the copies are not exact copies and so
they tend to different
you said to play of different elements
of his personality they have an
existential crisis about this by the way
our a my Bob who is Bob and I Bob this
sounds great
it's gonna make a note of it the first
half is fantastic then it kind of trills
off you haven't finished it yet that's
uh that's always nice you find a good
book in there now in the series yeah
hold on I'm adding that's my read list
really yeah really nice also rich I
don't know if you noticed but we were
looking at you you said you wanted to
use you've only read the first two you
wanted to read the third book okay okay
get to that - what's the guy in the
wrote we are legion we were bummed
you should look it up real quick but you
get her properly I'm on it
all right have no idea what
Robert Cruz is the one who wrote the
Pirates
starship grifters bye bye Dennis
e-tailer we are legion we are Bob Dennis
II tails depends he sounds so much like
Seth MacFarlane it's distracting it's
not a Seth MacFarlane but he sounds
enough like I'm like it's this audio
book by it Seth MacFarlane is this some
sort of Seth MacFarlane Frank I could
picture I check multiple times
Berlin maybe he uses another name for
his audio book go inside me that could
be could be no pseudonym he would sell
more like Will Ferrell has tried to do
several things like that know where like
Delta got a got in contact with him to
do there in flights movies ok we'll pay
a bunch of money we'll to be in our
in-flight movies you know you'd be the
host of it of make it entertaining you
can write it you can have all sorts of
creative freedom he goes I'll be in them
but I don't want to be the star and I
don't want to have any lines I just want
to be a random passenger that you you
pan past and people go is have a feral
but you know like that they won't be
able to rewind the in-flight movie so
everyone will just buy movie cuz I think
Will Ferrell's
they ended up setting know what's up
maybe Seth MacFarlane just on the on the
on the Loki does audiobooks under a
pseudonym just to see if anyone figures
it out
I'll son he'll throw in like a Stewie
voice I knew it I don't know if it was
really Delta it was some airline
it was some airline Chad isn't asking if
any of you have seen space cop who seen
rich Evans and his famous movie space
cop Aaron and I watched it together
yes family viewing how bad that was very
polite I won't say what direction or to
whence we were moving but wait it's a
it's a very specific audience that
enjoys space cop it's tailored for a
niche market it was not exactly rated
New Year PG that's also true you know
luckily they cut out the full frontal
nudity but still not necessarily
family-friendly I mean I I think I
prefer to oranges you know I've never
seen orange oranges horrible pacing
issues it's God's got problems so maybe
we should do an updated one those yeah
all CGI fruit perishable yeah we had to
build all of that I know that's what
makes an epic damn-near were labeled we
were able to rent a few doll houses that
you wait you're able to rent a doll we
went to a dollhouse store and like we
need some permanently I want to spend
you know $500 miss dollhouse we're able
to find a nice doll house tour orders I
guess you go
be careful with that stuff oh yeah sure
how lovely of them dad you borrow their
nice doll houses for your oranges yeah
pretty sure we did I think we did
while I'm here 100% sure I'm pretty sure
we did
oh that's nice the only thing I got down
go down yeah where maybe go through that
vent I know from the oranges movie is
the let us pray that's not from Audrey
right at least a few shorts we did oh
really
yeah I'm sure it was hilarious the head
of lettuce says the priest let us pray
why is everyone laughing oh it's great
see what Jesus was corn we had corn on
the cross it's a good core record just
repainted it gold
yeah put it on a cross those also spray
printed gold so then said corn corn on
the cross thanks that's great
Oh corn belt drew SAP yeah yeah who the
lettuce priest is always just trying to
get his parishioners to turn it nailed
joke of the day so far joke of the day
any time you can make a turn-up joke
you're good
hope you get they said come down go go
back up to the ground level Oh God
can you walk like somebody in this dream
well this is something you've got read
your now so uninformed you will just run
around in circles until you range it's
great all right what part of I don't
like fantasies and don't like we get all
of it that's why it's alright I'm going
down look oh no can you can you go up
and now over not on the train but just
over no oh you can't cross this prattle
patches of wall
OSHA's dirt then I then I don't know and
you can't go down now can you go to the
left you can't go that way
there's no way through the town
singularity 4 3 2 1 says hit rich and
love you guys
what's worse rich hating this game or
him dying on the first boss to be fair
trying so hard he he was doing his
patented press only one button strategy
for that first boss and I think he's
learned more strategy required than
Pokemon that's slightly just lightly
train yeah train
then let's see here
I am a 420 arses can we get a shot of
the fam cameras off such an enjoyable
stream like to see who's in it well you
can hear us it's like an audio player
you have to we're asking you to use your
imagination eyes would bleed how did you
lose your eye anyway that's that's an
important question I don't think people
are expecting an eye patch no well it's
it's let me tell you when your father is
sasquatch you just run into difficulties
you would not expect sure sure I'd see
that did throw a cop car you know fly
that's pretty sure they flipped the the
fire truck yeah well never mind okay
we're not Canadians host
it is I'm getting okay
I thought it was many up and away for a
while I think you hoser I am thinking of
hoser yeah this whole time let's see
here Marian Hossa I'm shaking my head no
I know nothing of sports she's the one
who team I know he's getting up there in
the hockey player terms
I'm ch I think I've seen 2/3 of a hockey
game once I use fun to watch I know they
don't use a ball they use a puck my
problem with hockey which I think I
should like hockey but the puck I just
couldn't keep my eye on it like I'd be
like I don't understand what I'm
supposed to be looking at right it's so
small and I just couldn't follow usually
I couldn't keep up with Karen we went to
a trouble wolves game we gotta lose game
you know you know at baseball games
let's go see hockey game and we one of
them hockey matches we weren't that
close to the foot but we're close enough
when they check some guy into the glass
and you see this this human beings face
gets shoved up against the glass and it
just deforms in ways you wouldn't
believe those heart always a fan of
humans see a man's face turning to putty
that's that's tough
that's great
you mean Black Hawk search know the the
minor leagues it doesn't minor league
team the plays in the Chicago area
the Chicago Wolves would plant the
former Rosemont horizon of the Allstate
Arena a minor league team for really for
about penguins or something no here in
Milwaukee we have the Admirals
they have the bullshit there's the time
badass that's fine oh it's like the
skeleton right well there's always a
skill too but it was like a cutesy
skeleton who was playing okay it's cute
it's nice
I don't know what's going on I'm stuck
behind this Regina Batman it's pretty
clever hi lady he'll cut yes a lady
Hellcat yeah yo what's up are you an old
friend okay I have a higher high pi why
does the timer keep going up what are
you doing I don't know no but if it
comes down and you get into the know
area then it's more time than you had
before
okay I'm going to get to a section where
I don't have to pay as much attention to
what's going on that's what you're
always looking for in a game and you
stop my gonna turn my brain off - that's
right Tiberius Kirk if only they gave
you a nice ass let's see here
anonymous says these Evans family
streams are amazing do you think we'd
ever have any other rlm family members
come on stream all there is no many more
I don't think I could stock enough beer
to get my brother to come in he requires
a lot to do anything on camera but I'll
do my best
what about around audio oh no this is
too much too many puns we're already at
critical mass listening to the context
wouldn't get you through faster I'd
rather talk to my family you'd rather do
anything doctor chug but mud he's
working right now he can't come to his
room
my cousin is making movies he's working
they're all coming up all right they all
came out of you that's creepy
that was creepy one you are oh let's see
here good evening everyone how does
everyone feel about those awesome fan
arts of rich and Jack those portrait
paintings were awesome they were awesome
I have to say that suddenly I did think
that the one of rich gave a Bill Murray
vibe no I don't think I'm about to share
with rich banner I saw a most addictive
birthday boy writing the show BuzzFeed
severe which and that's adorable
honestly pretty great I think that's as
scholars in a cupcake with candles okay
they said it in its downstairs yeah the
real one yeah I'm finding it rich oh
here oh here it is look I like a real
artist
oh yeah bull revives I I don't deserve
it
isn't that beautiful it looks it looks
beautiful he was he and then the other
day he was painting because and he also
did one here I'll show you of like a J
if I can find it artist named P diddle
so here's the whole group he's a P
diddle you can find him on Twitter he
did he did the whole group of us and he
was live-streaming mine and so I popped
in and it was just great watching him
paint just like oh just like a painting
I did I did and I said I said he'd
better do it you better make me look
good
take off take off like five pounds
now I did a fine job that peed it off
they did a fine fine job maybe maybe
we'll talk to him about sending them
this way so we have no arch in our in
our streaming room we could read some
fine art maybe people could give us some
portraits to put up on the wall right
the TV is not on the TV moans it's
abstract on this portrait should
definitely be in like fancy gilt gold
frame really yes with it with like
individual lights I saw someone in the
comments had requested one of rich
dressed as Napoleon which I I would
hardly enjoy seeing sitting me as
Napoleon I can I could absolutely see
that I want to see that the Nakota
Napoleon complex is propaganda have you
ever written there or this that Napoleon
was actually a pretty average height oh
yeah yeah it was not a short man
interesting just by today's standards
but for his time he was very average
right but but so as part of the anti
French propaganda they call him short
which music he may have been 5/8 which
is not tall but it's certainly not
striking ashore II know exactly what is
this what did Cory make gravy on top of
course ninja that's rich as Napoleon
someone has already made and it's
glorious about this that's pretty great
friend a friend of our alum Chloe a
wonderful artist i wonderful town today
who knows the how long ago she needed
someone in the chat just linked it uh M
mister mister no sphere link todav√≠a
Slee Chloe org slash slash stuff look up
in the chat it's their peak of now fecal
drippings has also linked it you know
these are your names that I'm gonna read
out loud
fecal drippings oh my god that's what we
got that's fine you name yourself I mean
alright it's great it's great
I'm okey b85 says hey you're wreckers
and the family Evans thank you all for
being in attendance for the stream
we appreciate it I do like watching the
Final Fantasy game but please let rich
play XCOM or FTL in something later just
after the stream just needs like ten
minutes of a game he likes to decompress
exactly fancy with one hand your hand
just like a brillo pad you're gonna wear
it you're gonna wear out your thumb risk
repeal this a precedent you just switch
the remote to your other hand and use
the other way upside down there you go
and spread it spread it out I'm sorry
that's racist you're sorry that's what
you're sorry I'm so worried I'm sorry
I'm sorry sorry oh no I'm gonna make
sure it's safe I know they like the
Fargo the Fargo's very clean reading
before I go accident hey there the you
Burt you perhaps it's very well
pronounced in somebody in some of the
years but yeah like if you ever go up to
the the Upper Peninsula
holy moly you can't even understand
those people the hardware we're going
down to an F he should hold air no oh no
now some of it's my family where were
that you know are we the Midwestern
Milwaukee is one of the like news
broadcaster standards because we don't
really have
flats with plane so when you did you can
see a bright flash no good nice knowing
you but having them sent on like off so
my eyes were very briefly shut I just
saw a bright flash of light so yeah if I
start spazzing out okay
do you need a one phones to hand I've
been drinking pretty oh no that's a
sappy bones has it's called a non
original dictation and I'm okay with
that because that's what it's a good
example it's long the old timey radio
voice yeah well uh nobody Jimmy Stewart
this is 1920s biz net era though yeah
yeah we gotta we gotta go to business
now and these these Dame's are gonna
make us some sandwiches for our business
lunch get over here
I don't I don't find out the all the
ladies in here are looking at me like I
am a horrible person and I'm commentary
is this a case we started it was the
American version of the British for
secrecy
we're going up the elevator again yeah
you have to go feel oh god it's circular
rich its life it's it's a you're back
everything okay unit 603 idiot says hey
rich and Jake question for the Evanses
the internet needs to know did his laugh
bring as much entertainment to you as it
has to all of us and does his baby
portrait have any magical powers this is
an important question that the internet
would like to know yes
No but in which the rich Evans law
respectively is is well known on the
Internet has this always been his life
and how much pain did it cause you or
joy amenda wasn't rolling his eyes and
being miserable for many of our
listeners that you know where headphone
why did you invite this here again you
promise upon ourselves let's see here J
our our Lovecraft says to all the
Evanses if you could be any pra√ßa
rights which brocco right would you be
have no idea what that question means
okay Pro karai out what is that Oprah
carrier the single-cell organism well no
no yes yes yeah we're your eukaryotes
okay well if you know would you be you
are saying words that don't exist all
right
these things evolve asexually right yeah
precarious splits part which one's the
original character
they both are then they all evolved from
the self single single-celled organism
okay Karen made a gesture with her
agencies where she's thrown they're all
they are all the same my point stance
they're all the same I tuned I think
yeah it's a parent to daughter cells or
are they both the old ones yes yes okay
so then they're all the same individual
in a way they all they're all we are
bomb Karen we are legion we are Bob no
that's fantastic question I've as
someone who's gotten rid of many of I'm
still me and my might not be the same me
that I was before but still me there's
still a me in the me without the cells
but what do you from you know 20 30
years ago recognize the you that you are
now or have you changed so much that
I had hair if I don't believe it oh god
it's true you just seen a picture you
should have seen my hair it was glorious
he got screwed no Lisa my wife got
screwed she married me before I lost my
hair exactly yeah everyone knows me like
there's no I had Oh glorious hair
wonderful yeah what are those things
those are pokemons it's broken plumbing
see that that's a thing
like you people in chat you know me with
the ring hair before I had shaved
completely I still had lino the crown of
hair and they've seen that they've never
seen me with full hair though
you you you wouldn't be where you
wouldn't believe it
oh I would I was a looker all works for
you yeah well it works for me now cuz
that's how you know me now but where are
you I don't know I just want to get it
over with I do shave a lot of shampoo
yes but the shaving is quite the pain
and it happened great all right let's
see here 5:30 skeptic says did you guys
see take to announce to all their IPs
react microtransactions in the future
that means red dead and the next ex come
gaming is turning into gambling
recurrent spending opportunity yes which
I do as someone who is a fan of Red Dead
Redemption the next town how do you feel
about microtransactions entering image
is it's just like you get ammo for the
multiplayer component I won't give a
goddamn okay if they stay out of my sim
Eclair yeah I might be alright okay no
that's if it's gambling for cosmetic
things I'll be annoyed
hmm you know that was one like five
bucks for this depends again depending
on the game absolutely absolutely
Oh rich they're saying you should heal
your whole like I feel up your whole man
but he likes dragging corpses or I can
do that in the menu you don't need to
wait Phillip everyone you did it you did
a game thing yes
where am I going um duh don't probably
down that's what you're going Hey look
there's the same thing it came from here
tonight no you blew up one of them and
now you're in another one you're part of
an organization that's the goal is to
destroy all the reactors so they just
reuse the same killing the planet
they're sucking all good they they're
sucking all of the oil out of the planet
the Spirit oil yeah it's not just oil
it's spirit of spirit energy powering
this city are you are you a legend the
man that I don't even care I knew you
don't care that's so sad now I feel bad
great alright let's see here
suburban Sasquatch says let's be honest
squirrels and phoenixes are pretty
stupid animals to be and final fantasy
is worser than Mass Effect Andromeda
okay great
thanks for thanks for they they give us
the money and we read what they say
that's it I don't have to the big joke
just kind of was it I think I thought
they were taking a comedic tone with it
but it probably came off jerky okay so
how about the severance maybe you could
fuck off
I was gonna say perhaps the question of
what animal you would choose to be is a
question that invites yeah well any
answer I hear homo sapiens was didn't go
down well as a choice either it was a
great choice there was a quality choice
choosing animals so maybe it was a
stupid question to begin with
think about that chat think about it
let's see here
super intent Oh cramp super internet
mike has a question for everyone here if
you could choose one film to put into a
time capsule for people to learn about
us 200 years from now what would it be
the one film you would choose to
represent us clearly space because us
humanity as a whole our American culture
we're 20th 21st century yes
Oh dr. Strangelove happiness of the
classic pretty family the the the horror
musical yeah happiness a brick cutter
coulis it's got mudslides it's got
claymation uvulas it's got sumo
wrestlers that doing questionable things
with middle schoolers that's true and
it's a musical but it's also a horror
film
yes that's a fine choice that's a great
movie next down the line choose a film
to represent all of us what Mormon films
are there Romans and mob or mobsters and
Mormons mobsters monsters mobsters and
Mormons Twilight some Mormon no not
really
basically the whole story is basically a
more
abstinence allegory I know nothing about
their pretty awful that's great all
right one one film to preserve so future
generations will look back and go oh
that's what humanity was about oh no
nice every year we go back to the future
I think that would be fun too because
then like they would see what we thought
the future would be and they go man
those guys were idiots back to the
future - right
the whole state wise it's all freeze
right
you're not gonna choose a second you
know choose the box it I think all right
am I done with this thing over here did
you blow up the reactor blow it up I got
a thing he won't do anything they
already do that like that's what I was
thinking is something like An
Inconvenient Truth and like what they
knew assholes
Oh God there's a joke movie yeah they
made a joke movie out of the deal with
Johnny Depp as from it was kind of weird
hmm yeah yeah I was I mean it was it was
funny and then it kept going and it kept
going I was like wait wait they're going
to distance
yeah that was that was much like um that
was much like their their Steve Jobs
biopic both produced by Funny or Die and
they they made a Steve Jobs film after
he passed away and it was not good at
all but they it was the first Steve Jobs
laughing and they brushed it out they're
like rhoda script as fast as possible
shot in as fast as puzzle like we're the
first were the first biopic and it was
terrible but they were there the first
so that's a very internet thing to do
it's very internet thing to do yeah oh
good I'm glad you guys liked my
Inconvenient Truth that went over like
gangbusters Joe good looking over at the
chat pretty good one I felt pretty good
about it at the time we're sending in
all caps we're putting it in a time
capsule for them to open in the future
well then it doesn't really matter what
we put because the technology to play it
back will be so absolute so absolute
then what so will will include with a
DVD player with the DVD and then they'll
have the cables and get well so we'll
also include a TV it has to be the whole
unit yeah and enclosed entertainment
system just in case you just take each
each frame of the film and chisel it in
stone perfect and put it all on a
carousel to spin really fast and then
you get a dinosaur to play
wait a minute it's a living right let's
see what we got here anonymous says for
the people on the stream who like JRPGs
what is everyone's favorite JRPG rich
you go first what's the what's the best
to Japanese role-playing game you have
ever played oh thank you I was just
about to ask what JRPGs commodity is it
doesn't like anyone but he hasn't played
what's your favorite JRPG series stories
very good sure but occasionally you know
you make some choices and you have some
battles wouldn't you rather just see the
anime I can't pronounce it well there's
some agency and I mean it would be it
would be it very long you heard a book
about Xenosaga I wrote an academic
article about Xenosaga that is published
in a real book what well now you have to
talk about this oh that's it now this is
the rest of the night yeah what is your
ancient lady her internet friend had to
be the one pointed I have to build up to
this this is a whole thing okay so you
wrote an academic article discussing
religious symbolism in the games because
it draws heavily on sort of Western
mystical symbolism and iconography
throughout the three games and this is
what she does it was it was I haven't
done it
very long time technically we all have
to call her doctor I guess doctor sure
okay I so for those of us who don't know
if you could give us the simple rundown
of what Xenosaga is what kind of game
the Twitter version the Twitter version
of what Xena saga is it's a JRPG it's an
a JRPG that takes place in the distant
future where we've lost humanity has
gone forth in his lost all contact with
earth it's it's lost Jerusalem and so
everything they've colonized many other
planets and there's a whole lot of
political drama going on between the
church and a variety of different
political and military factions that are
struggling for control there's a sexy
Android robot that kills everything
perfect that's Jerry Magdalene and get
it together
that's a Bible spoiler it's been out
long enough the second seandroid robot
is supposed to be housing like the
essence of Mary Magdalene Oh oh shit
sorry I didn't know that was a real Xena
saga spoiler no spoilers yes the Bible
came out something like running down the
street yelling punches pilot killed
Jesus running down the street jump baby
jump made it that was an old test
I love it I love that idea
someone make a video on it it's great
okay so there is deep religious imagery
in the Zeno saga saga yes is that can
you say that
I suppose Xenosaga trilogy there we go
there are three Xena soccer game there
are three it was meant to be six but it
did not go to the ps2 okay I know the
name it has a cult following
okay I'm a cultist so your controversia
where's our rimshot button brunch
we had a rim shot but yes there also was
a guy who was literally Jesus what is it
in is he the hero he's one of the
playable characters okay I would assume
mine he's not called Jesus maybe knowing
the biblical Jesus like there's a slash
figuratively not across um in the desert
with Mary Magdalene
do you say much I'm never even that
that's clear okay and is it only like is
it only Christian religious symbols in
Xenosaga or do they delve into other
religions as well it was quite broad I
mean it's been a while since I went
through but I mean Western Western
mystical traditions I think is a fair
there's a lot of Kabbalah ok yes
you're asking me about about an academic
paper I wrote five years ago yes well
that's been done I don't think so I
think he just thought it sounded if you
were off with Shinto hearing about this
weird Bible stuff like it just might be
weird and interesting to you so wait
they put him in a cave and three days
later it came out what that's crazy talk
I love it so there was a prostitute but
he was cool with it oh that's crazy
angels angels a fighter called gnosis so
literally you're fighting knowledge oh
yeah I'm gonna know soon yeah I like it
a game about religion where you have to
battle knowledge well these questions
that you know are they are they
absolutely bad
yes if you fight one of them touches you
then you're corrupted by it you see
sounds like an inconvenient truth too
soon too soon for a callback that's what
I'm saying
what their favorite JRPG oh how do you
pronounce it what I don't know if that
counts is this is a specific have I ever
played anything within that genre
probably not okay Dean I frequent well
sometimes play together when I'm around
Keeney total quota or locorotondo or Oh
was the the Western name they made an
anime they have not translated the game
oh okay
but it has super super dramatic
Orchestra melodrama high school music
competition competition is like scarred
people that get into pipe battles and
there's a lot of flake death I cannot
rest until I have cried you for the
indecency you did to me seven years ago
kind of nice but a but about being but
about being in a high school orchestra
club no really bad what is what is going
on here the same dialogue just seems to
be repeating yeah you have to press the
button in time with them what
do you see how yes on the button with
them rich the only one rich get it
together and go nope
you suck no too early
okay let's try again nope talk preach
this is gonna be all night people
welcome to the rest of the night oh all
right so anyway back to our paper JRPG
duvet that's all again Karen do you have
a favorite champion Dragon Warriors hey
you did rich how many tries did that
take fifty oh I was listening I wasn't
reading it understand I was just talking
and hitting the a button no idea and
reenter thank you for the link to
another pigeon dating simulator I'm sure
we will get right on that apparently is
well I know that they made a sequel no
way hold on it says do you think pigeon
dating simulators are up what the panzer
Maytals
a tank dating simulator where you trying
where you try to date tanks oh you're
treading on thin ice there I'm all over
base
I'm in so much pain
so much just pandering to the audience
now Oh looky here
readin getting through the tips I'll see
ya hey rich
have you played final fantasy 15 what do
you think about it is this your first
time yes have you heard of me before
shirt so no so that's a little that's a
no on the final fantasy it's no one the
Gradle fantasy 15 yeah yeah crazy
I like I'm skipping over anyone who asks
more what animals do we want to be joke
I just wanna let you guys all know that
for the tips great answer yeah it's all
because of those were great eyes a great
idea what's happened
let's see here uh anonymous wants us to
talk about books have any of us read any
of Terry Pratchett's Discworld books I
have not no a long time ago okay I'm
currently in the middle of reading Good
Omens
okay is it good it is good it's not
Discworld though yeah is it part of the
disc it's not part of the describe to
see it's by the same okay it has a
certain brand of humor okay wait good
always good all this was Neil Diamond
it's both it's both yeah
I didn't know how were players they
wrote a book together they did how do
you work that out um just sitting at the
typewriter and they like every other
letter they're that good
it was just one of those one of those
games where he sent a sentence back and
forth these tweets are my email here 10
years it's really a funny book they've
got like these satanic nuns
everything everything goes wrong with
trying to guide the Antichrist you
either heaven or hell I like that idea
just here you know doing my thing my
Antichrist thing but you know I don't
know yeah does but you didn't
are you missed no you're waiting for
FIFA to go I think sorry hope I'm still
trying to make my way with you or some
craic all right the Margaret Atwood from
the maddaddam trilogy
okay and Oryx and Crake is all I know I
have no idea my portions but they used
them right you could equip to heal your
character what the hell is in material
um now you probably died what items did
you have again
yeah that was just so was he content
works it's not turn a seat just
continually attacks yes active Time
battle get it together
rich get it together but uh back to
books I did I didn't want to read more
Dirk Gently and so I've picked up his
next book the long dark teatime of the
soul but I told myself I can't read it
until I finish this Oryx and Crake book
which I'm not terribly interested in but
now I'm deep enough for it I am I feel
like it's a waste of money if I didn't
finish reading it or if I need to pick
up the abbey about me dying you made it
through or is it did you did you make a
pun oh I could listen to him talk all
day absolutely
it's got to be incredibly important like
be like getting the right voice for your
book yes like I don't know if you guys
are NPR listeners at all
I love chapter a day you know they do
and I like I never care about the book
but just like yeah like one you know
it's like every day at noon they just
read you a chapter of a book and you
know they're done in a week or whatever
and it's just you know smooth tones and
NPR voices reading the book God lovely
it's a free audio book I'm currently
narrating to audio but oh are you really
I am
what are what is the name of the audio
where you wait til so long to start
plugging this way well they're not out
yet so it's not like I can be like check
out my audio book rich thick it came up
naturally let it happen all right all
right what is it was audio books one of
them is a young adult coming-of-age
story about a rare rabbit lots of funny
vampire this is funny word this is a
little girl that can transform into a
bunny being raised by a couple of
vampires she has a weird boyfriend
okay so um so you bring this back bring
it back in a second and I'd like to
grasp the story a young girl young adult
novels of teens but the first the very
first book is basically taking you from
her infancy to being early teen okay
then it's a series share of course books
the majority of the audience as adults I
mean the purchasers of young adult books
like I mean realistically then you think
I could no we're saying adult books no
we're not really talking about fifth
graders the budget Ahmet may be meant
for younger audience are or have more
importantly having a young protagonist
yes so it's a little girl yes who on a
full moon or no she can transform it
will she can transform it well when she
turns into a bunny yes big bunny a
little
regular little bunny so part of the
thing is she wants to prove she wants to
be strong and people belittle like other
werewolves are like rabbit they clearly
haven't seen the Monty Python and the
Holy Grail then first of all I love it
what is the exact title and the author's
name it is The Chronicles of where
rabbit series I like it I think this is
great
find out in the books the ebooks are
available on Amazon now but I will be
reading them all you're gonna read all
of the books well maybe I shouldn't I
know I'm reading the first one and if
all goes well there are currently three
out on the Amazon Kindle Store yeah but
no the audiobooks are not yet no I
are you done recording or are you
currently I'm done recording I still am
editing
you are I am editing oh that's that's
how audible works as the narrator reads
at its producers really yes I find that
interesting
what are they come there's a term for it
where the audible isn't in charge of
anything they're just the platform and
so there has to be your own whole
there's a whole word for like not not
sourced crowd-sourced crowd-sourced
audiobooks yeah so basically an author
puts up I'd like somebody to narrate my
book here's a sample and narrators send
in an audition and if you they like it
you get it and then you do everything
from A to Z until it is so this is this
is mostly arranged between you and the
author yes
and then Amazon takes most of money but
you know it's yours but so then there
but there's a marketplace for voice
talent there is where you can audition
and there's a system in place sure
that's really fascinating it's a CX if
you are interested in narrating
audiobooks yourself and so then you have
to put together like a little voice real
samples sure so I I don't currently have
a sample reel of audiobooks yet but I
mean you you produce your your audition
bit based on whatever samples the author
wants to compare and contrast okay see
this now we're getting you know they
might be it might be from different
parts of the book because she wants to
make sure you can do the different
character voices that come up at
different places make sure that you've
got the tone that they're looking for
sure that would be amazing but we love
it but we love it I've never heard
somebody mispronounced the word B before
this sounds great once I having only
heard a few audiobooks they want you to
do kind of like accents and voice
different voices or
yeah they want you to whether or not you
can do it well is good good so you have
one you have one under your belt yes
nice that'll be out do you know when it
will be Oh
hopefully within the next month or so
oh great it takes a little once that's
all edited then it takes a while for it
to be approved sure to make sure that I
haven't like deafened everybody with
with incorrect decibel usage or whatever
like you get like five shares in like eh
laughs talktime on the book that would
be like you need five campers in who
will start you change your doing like
Satanic Verses now instead of the actual
book or just change one chapter to
entirely fucks
yeah fuckity fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
chapter 4 all right another this stupid
shit this Irish doctor one that's great
is a Pride and Prejudice world murder
mystery but not Death Comes to Pemberley
like like Pride and Prejudice place in
the Pride and Prejudice universe like
what do you mean it's the characters
from price okay so after this after the
events of Pride and Prejudice the
characters go on in their lives and then
death comes to American the meriting
murders
there is a remarkably rich world or Jane
Austen I'm sure I'm just seeing what
he's name is a dork of all trades I do
whatever is needed that's so funny
what's your laughing yards
well that's great all right let's see
what we got here ima for 20 hours as I
read I read Dirk Gently long dark
teatime of the soul I was in jail for
the day I didn't finish it but I tried
to take it with me when I was released
cop who released me let me steal it from
jail I hope you learned your lesson here
have some candy
these five bucks in a book do you need
anything else I got some shoes okay
great good for you
that's great let's see here taint
misbehavin says hey guys oh we're about
to get into some Star Wars talk I hope
you guys are comfortable talking about
Star Wars the upcoming Han Solo films
looks like it will be a dumpster fire
what are your expectations for the film
and what do you think would make a good
Han Solo film I've not really doable
video about expectations for the Han
Solo but was that before Ron Howard to
go I don't remember I think it might
have been it won't be a dumpster fire
Ron Howard is a fine director who knows
how to make a good movies they have
reshot 95% of the movie getting rid of
all of warden Miller stuff it will be a
perfectly competent all that means is
they don't like the direction that Lord
Miller are going in R and it's a moot
point because it's gone right it's like
a new movie clean the slate sure but it
won't be the dumpster fire that Justice
League will be because they haven't
reached out enough of Justice League and
so it's gonna be some Zack Snyder and
some Josh Wheaton mishmash of garble all
mess let's see I am intellectually
curious about Justice League of course
but I don't think house solo will be the
dumpster fire because they reshot so
much of it and Ron Howard is a fine
director so I don't know where you're
getting dumpster fire from
my perfect Han Solo movie would be
called Star Wars where he's not the main
character he's just a cool guy that
hangs out with dream character you know
like we don't necessarily need to know
his backstory he's just a cool guy who
meets the main character yeah yeah I
don't it might be good I don't know
whatever I like that my ideal with your
ideal Han Solo movie man you're doing it
Richard
no I didn't look barely I'm getting by
fine without you in Syria our wait what
happened to the other people separately
separated fell off a bridge I'm so sorry
I'm not really watching what's going on
oh it's ok neither
you sound generally genuinely miserable
rich oh we did Jack loves I I don't
necessarily love Ron Howard as a
filmmaker but I think he's a competent
filmmaker yeah you can put together a
decent movie that Ron Howard if he I'm
about to go to his IMDB right now to
list off some of his accomplishments
aside from Happy Days well he that was
just an actor
all right as as a director those movie
sucked
oh really you made the da Vinci Code
yeah that's fun okay so we got a
beautiful mind that's great that's a
great movie right we got Apollo 13
that's a fine fine movie we have a
backdraft far and away Parenthood
he made willow I have not seen any of
these movie
you've not seen it you haven't seen
willow yeah I'm getting a bunch of mail
I don't think so
starring um what is it about it's it's a
fantasy movie starring Warwick Davis the
the little person and Val Kilmer and
magmar Tagen no no no will it will is
great Wilo was great he directed cocoon
Ron Howard's a fine director yeah Val
Kilmer Warwick Davis
it's a fantasy movie it's really creepy
they meet up with a witch who's stuck as
like an animal and they have this whole
like animal transformation sequence
where he keeps changing her into
different animals scared the crap out of
me as a kid because she kept like
melting into different animals it was
horrifying everything's fine it was
great it's a great movie
how about how many tips again we have a
few tips but if you're about done we can
be honey okay uh mr. cliff says hi
Evans's can we finally get the rest of
the story concerning the dick the
birthday boy t-shirt we've all been
dying to know I think we already had
that it sorry mr. glitch let's see here
how hard it says this is easily one of
the best dreams ever can Jack host my
next family reunion we have beer and
swearing but what I think I've been
missing is a good host or moderator
right just someone someone to keep
things on topic a way to keep it light
keep it light away from politics talk
about you know pop culture things I'm
talking about deep philosophical
concepts such as what is the huge what
makes you you religious symbolism your
favorite video games these are all
important family topics let's see here
rich Evans playing Final Fantasy seven
is amazing oh and turn the microphones
down because everyone's clipping nope
sorry too late we're all done ah the
Cyrus is I wait sometimes you have to
read a little bit beforehand to see if
they say anything weird something you
know but sometimes I just read I respect
anyone who analyzes RPGs I analyzed
earthbound a few years ago describing it
as 2001 a Space Odyssey of 1995 and
that's also sounds pretty correct tired
and sad says hey guys are you able are
you able not to separate the artists
work from the scandals thinking of a
recent naughty allegations I mean just
most of Hollywood yes you know is
dependent
right there's gonna be there's gonna be
a lot of movies you can't like anymore
yeah I ever when when you go up when you
grow up and you're into films you
usually have go for a Woody Allen phase
but then you learn about Woody Allen you
go you know I'm good but you know like
when you're when you're just getting
into movies you watch all the old Woody
Allen movie oh hey this guy's funny he's
clever he's got oh he did the stories
are saying it's kind of a treat though
know that we don't come out with
allegations leaders right so the answer
is sometimes let's see here and I've on
mage says hi everyone Thanksgiving is
coming up and a great game to symbolize
carving Turkey would be Metal Gear
Rising lol your mother's a bitch that's
from a that's from a video we made
prominent and and that's all we're
caught up all right that's all we're
caught up what why do you want to end
this rage I want to make my family sit
around while we read a bunch of names I
think we should end it but I mean people
usually will agree to read names okay
why don't you just read them without the
usual profanity you can you have a
noisemaker maybe you can just make a
noise okay we can probably make a noise
