Nov 8, 2017
Hand of Fate 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/188805622
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/188807281
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tf66ueqE1k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHdAs7_xaQw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/928360833931005952

[Part I]
I had to fight why isn't it working
oh you know what I'm gonna try turning
it off and turning it back on you you do
that you do that that works most of the
time in my opinion see this has a green
button I know this does not have a green
button once you close the whole program
it's a great idea just hitting the X
don't know what is probably still
running in task manager that you
probably got yeah hey everybody
yo what up that's a different task
manager than I'm used to oh there it is
in the background process these n tasks
get out of here all right that should
fix any problems hey everybody how we
doing tonight today this evening this
morning last week last week next Tuesday
how are we feelin right yes yeah it's a
fun night
hello you fucks evening hello
it just started are you guys ready to
get your hands on some fate two two
hands to fate Oh too fast to fade yes
this does have a character creator I've
played exactly two minutes of this game
yeah and I created a character but
Richards gonna start a new game and
create his own character so it was a
woman surprised
hey I don't expect many options but it's
nice that there are options so it's one
of my gripes with the original is the
man was so ugly oh that was so ugly it
connotes a game that could've used a
character creator yeah I agree to form
the soul
we play oh these mesas on you as are the
stakes life death and vengeance we must
ride for time is short
do you have much to learn
make your first choice and let us set
these weeds what do you want rich I mean
she's a dude yeah it's great to hear the
dealer again yeah I remember that was
one of my favorite parts of handrail on
your history and our game we know where
they end for you a card game kinda so
towns must guide you to my side now
you'll figure it out to see what the J
Thank You Christopher short the it's a
bit of a card game and a bit of a what
is this way you must step into the void
you are a blank slate and together did
you not get this far no no I clicked the
girl button and then I I couldn't play
anymore because the work came in so like
that's as far as I've gotten like that's
literally as much as you've done
interesting I forgot there'd be like the
few options like skin tone and whatnot I
maybe there is later hair I think
there's later but no I like that was the
lady that I got and so and then I
started playing my first one and then
emails came in from for work stuff and I
couldn't play anymore and you finally
catch sight of the thieves hacking a
large tree arguing amongst themselves
move closer to eavesdrop or keep your
distance
azimuth closer every elements of the
game has been improved even those that
seem at first glance familiar do not
worry
Hey as you will soon understand the
nuances okay you might be able to select
a better face for your character this
time yes which is very exciting for us
little louder I'm gonna loud I'm shy I
feel like I'm shouting I don't want to
shout shout let it all out these are
things I saw the Ragnarok I don't think
rich side yet problem right now you see
the Ragnarok did watch the thing did you
watch you almost do a spit-take that
would've been great if you Dennis Pitt
you know I would have spit it all over
the place that would have been horrible
and what did you think of the thing it's
good yeah good it's good movie i-i've
been hurrying hearing a lot of hype for
a very long time right so I probably
honestly I probably blunted it a bit but
it's very good film yeah
it's kind of Chantel faith what was the
original story oh yeah yeah I don't know
their Java story I think the thing yeah
you know they they don't have a
Norwegian team they just find the thing
themselves I believe I remember right oh
okay I'm gonna have the dog they just
they they thaw the thing out directly
from the ice yeah
whoa Foley acts the best Kurt Russell
film ever is probably overboard so just
settle down he was very good in the
thing it's Big Trouble in Little China
but all right how do i do do i leap to
huh
ed to the farmers defense sir or do I
offer to help the farmers worrying them
it won't come for free how do you want
to play or do I help the thieves with
their extortion Oh what kind of play are
you gonna be rich
yeah we'll try we'll try leap into the
defense we'll see what happens
yeah draw your weapon with practice
skill
well you hear the leaders voice you lads
handle this I'll meet you when get done
great
I totally forgotten he was in overboard
come on him
goldie hawn some other people I'm sure
that that like big fat guy that was in
every 80s movie as the big fat guy he
was an overboard oh wow I'm fighting
with some farmers that's interesting now
do you remember how to play that's a
fine question
no not John Candy I forget what the big
fat guys name yes you know what so far
it's not even necessarily better-looking
hand okay this looks pretty similar
right
it's Friday really it's probably just
like more hand of fate that's what it
should have been called there's enough
kind of a boardgame element in this one
too right
am I wrong about that well that was kind
of a card game of last time
I look up with that big back and he's
not a big fat guy he's just you know
gained seven food
you gained seven food congratulations
he's a lot of food
while enjoying a moment beside the fire
I spy a strange figure approaching our
camp Mike your camp it's a goblin
dressed in what must pass for goblin
finery rule from beneath filthy fox
pelts serving as an ill-fitting wig the
Goblin winks at you with wild red eyes
aha aha I've been roaming for hours
trying to thank you like a goblin I
think I was a good guys find Goblin we
must get this over with quickly we have
any hope of getting to all the people on
my list before sunrise it lowers a sack
from its shoulder
ow from within my sack I can ganja
whatever your heart desires Oh goblins
voice trails off as he examines his sack
well I could there wasn't a bloomin
great big hole in it this head
disappears entirely into the bag and his
bulbous nose protrudes from the breach I
know plain man the Goblin pulls out his
last trinkets I'm just gonna flat out
let me pick huh
so what would you like an access order
what are we got critical strength by the
way Mike Haggerty was the name of the
actor in overboard Mike Haggerty yes
star Horrible's you are correct he was
in several an 80s film strength armor
breaker
cannot repost repost say
we post the air how do you pronounce
that
rich rep posted a a riposte is just
repost I think it's just proposed to but
I don't know X I'm not much of an axe
guy I'm taking this sword things afford
taking the Thord sword it up
this card has it too Hoss can you find
it the bris is pronounced de bris that's
right repost repost that's what I'm
gonna call Ari as enriched post as in
frost so it's called it's pronounced
riposte
their journey through a forest is
interrupted by an inquisitive child ooh
child I should be you are you searching
for the forest folk my uncle says they
used to walk these woods
given how gifts I want a fine phone and
as for lemon cake I do it's a child lady
got any more lemon cake
uh sir some buttons too so as they dash
off to peer under a nearby log the child
shouts back remember if you meet the
full wrist so give me a lemon cake in
the other direction an eerie song hangs
in the air you attempt to find its
origin so I got a child like Michael
Caine is what you're doing because this
is a British it's old fogey it's been 12
winters since I had a visitor her voice
is a whisper you get a thunders in your
ears you may visit me when you are in
need adventurer this is yours now even
if you lose the challenge you have
earned this token there nothing could be
more fitting is the gimmick the car is
changing every time you play yes yes so
the more you play the more cards you get
the more things to unlock in it it has
um or if it's anything like the first
hand of fate it will have certain
almost like ft Elish events to it where
like one card you will need to do a
certain thing in order to get the
treasure of the card and that treasure
could mean a weapon you can add to your
inventory more cards more things armor
just more things all the things rings
that do things this is a things things
like a sword that's got a bow magic
attacks your shield that has an arrow
sticking out of it yes it's like a
little roguelike e-card little deck
building and this this is pure Batman
brawler
hit the counter button when you see the
counter thing oh wait how am i this bad
at this well it's been how long has it
been since you played a game like this
though you've been playing channel
Warren
yeah what's right what is wrong with you
then well timing sniffling yeah like if
I remember we had we both had a lot of
fun with the first end of it yeah and of
course the the voice actor who does the
dealer is fantastic you could just
listen to him talk all day
he's great I'm really glad that they got
him back
oh of course did the graphics get worse
between the first game in a second yeah
they look about the same choose your
father's amulet sure why not an evil yes
that's it and befriended a trickster
Jack you have befriended a trickster you
know that's good or bad honestly yeah
fighting fantasy books that I didn't
know I don't know what the fighting
fantasy books are sorry oh there's some
yep okay so hey look at this looks like
wait can you be a bald guy this is
important yes are you Jack I'm not
saying you have to be I just wanted to
know it was possible oh you can change
your handle it if you want
does that Oh different regions alright
alright so they do have that yeah
slightly different choices nothing
nothing in deaf I wasn't expecting that
they're smaller yeah no no that's fine
oh you can change the colors that's fun
well you can teach you outfits now I'm
into it you can change your outfit you
can change your outfits and the other
one could you play your armors that's
the same thing no that's the same
fucking thing a base outfit that's this
is purely cosmetic yep
X to finish X to finish
from the eastern belt a you don't say
good sorts from the eastern belt very
trusting all right this is the trickster
very interesting whoo-hoo yes mm-hmm
oh by the way I mean we friend uh we we
owe money to bigness of the Thieves
Guild and he's quite angry with us just
to let you know we should journey into
Meyer bridge together to appease him
some gold might help maybe you could
find some I don't I'll try to find some
too but since we're traveling together I
thought maybe we could both try to find
some actually you know what come to
think of it I'm rather busy
Malaka lip-lock Malaka lips Malacca lips
eyes a pretty trader hiking up the road
so you know I I'd be bet it'd be best if
you could get the goal I'm each of it so
you meet a trickster and he tells you to
go get gold to pay off his debts what a
dickhead is a trickster use it I use it
trick don't befriend tricksters
why is there a competition of stratum
set out there which you've got old prize
is available to the round in the first
round of the competition your opponent
is the diminutive robot a halfling from
a traveling troupe of acrobats oh nice
these dice are another small game
embedded in our game
I shake the diape and
hey did it victory you are learning
yeah a little it was a little Jersey
trickster like I know we going roll up a
little nebbish Rowan is no match for
your strength he gives a disappointed
back flip off the table and collects his
meager winnings cartwheels out the door
ten gold take your award from the purser
on the way up the tavern when you return
you will compete in the next round for a
larger prize now I get to pick which way
I'm going next rich have you ever read
the secret skull scroll invasion no
separating comics over a decade ago I
didn't I think that was a that's a
wasn't that a fantastic universe wide
crossover I don't think I read that one
at your mind let it fall into the waters
beneath little Woody Allen is she a
little Woody Allen nebbish that's Woody
Allen right yeah never ship neurotic
nebbish yeah is there skill involved in
the fighting yeah it's so if you've ever
played any of the Arkham games any of
the shadow of mordor shadow of war games
it's all the same attack and then any
time the little green thing shows up
over someone had someone's head you need
to press the parry button there's
rolling away you can use your shield to
guard
I need a tutorial head of a post
my guess is usually it's like a shield
bash at the right time how Hey the
shield bash
know what you do i I don't know I really
I accidently cancel it before it could
happen do it when they have the thing on
their head
well yeah but I wouldn't does he what
the shield bash over post imply some
kind of staggering or counter-attack
yeah
what's the difference between the
hobgoblin and the Green Goblin the
Hobgoblin was actually a much better
villain the Hobgoblin stole the Green
Goblin stuff and he was still alright
the hope the whole deal with the Green
Goblin originally what made the Green
Goblin interesting yeah was the Green
Goblin also had a secret identity that
the readers didn't know and it was his
running mystery okay and back in the old
days like the the Norman Osborn reveal
kind of underwhelming mmm
okay asked me sure uh Hobgoblin in the
80s Roger stern decided I liked that
Green Goblin sorry Green Goblin is dead
well you know what I'm gonna do with the
Green Goblin story but better okay just
a better mystery around who the
Hobgoblin was okay but a weaker payoff
because Roger stern left the book and it
got muddled very quickly
okay Roger Stern had a idea in his head
for who the the Hobgoblin was going to
be but then he left the book time to
Falcone took over yeah and time to fall
good decided it was gonna be Ned Leeds
okay outside of that being just way too
cut up obviously weak somebody else in a
different book killed Ned leads off
completely fuckin time to follow over so
they had to do like a reveal after the
fact after Ned Leeds was dead that Ned
Leeds was the Hobgoblin and it was very
unsatisfying
you know the Hobgoblin was he's already
dead though Oh so ultimately it ended
worse sure than the original Green
Goblin revealed but okay great actually
Rogers turn came back like 15 years late
like I'm in mid 90s and he did a whole
mini-series the Hobgoblin lives where he
brought combat and it was this original
guy all along oh good yeah good no how
come when faked his death
Roderick Kingsley Roderick Kingsley
honors Roderick Kingsley it was just
some kind of fashion designer mobile
okay was wealthy and decided to be the
object yeah John Romita Jr loved him one
of my favorite artists he my favorite
comic book artist of all time he did a
fine job on spider-man he did he
butchered x-men he did
yeah he's even draws a fine spider-man
John Romita can you do better give him
time but uh but he he made some ugly
x-men characters jrjr is doing amazing
these days like amazing spider-man or
you mean he's just doing really good art
these days John were made of seniors
great yeah
John readers seniors great where do I
get to my inventory in this particular
sequel the button to the left of the X
button stupid Xbox picture like squares
squares squares start and select rows
remastered she's like I want to hit the
squares button
there we go I don't think I was using
the riposte shield I don't pose sword so
oh that would make sense that yeah
celebrations in aid of WOD you see how
quickly the actions of the you sir are
returned two distinct and chilled stuff
did you hear did you hear the big the
big comic book news no Brian Michael
Bendis a man who writes too many comic
books for his own good
he's not writing more comic books no I
switched sides going over to DC that's
pretty big news just big news it's real
big news
he has been well you know and he's been
writing for Marvel and for image for a
long time but yes switch switch sides
moving over to DC huh yeah yeah Bendis
has done some great work bend it Brian
Michael Bendis is the PlayStation 2 of
comic book writers this is my this is my
labored metaphor if you're ready for
okay he's done some I had some really
great stuff but also just had so much
stuff that there was gonna be some good
stuff and there's some garbage in there
too better better comparison okay
he's the Stephen King of comic books
overly long-winded mm-hmm and eventually
his stories turned to shit I've got some
great premises good ideas
adding in the ball Dinko blue disney is
not in the process of buying Fox's movie
division if we can you read any of the
articles you would have read that all
talks have stalled which means that
Disney thinks they can get it for much
cheaper later on apparently there were
talks Disney was in talks of buying
Fox's entertainment division yeah which
you know for for the the geeks in the
room means them getting x-men that's too
much it's too much the MCU would get
unwieldly if they had to start doing
like an equal number of x-men movies
it's gonna get crazy the the x-men
movies are working fine as their own
separate thing I mean except for they're
not good well okay I don't care but they
would ruin it would water down and ruin
the MCU
that's possible very possible but all
all talks have have stalled because
Disney I'm sure thinks they can get it
for a much cheaper later on
plus there's been absolutely no mention
whatsoever of any kind of mutants in the
MCU and doesn't that kind of rely on
them being a pre-existing ethnic group
the whole exponentials it's kind of
their stick yeah yeah and what and less
like that's gonna be the big the big
reveal you know like all the heroes are
killed off I mean III would imagine that
if Disney did have access to the X then
they had the extra film rights they
would be smart enough to keep her to
stuff there's a separate universe I
imagine that maybe but it's still this
too much superhero shit as it is there's
a lot yeah I was a lot out there
yeah they'll do it they'll do a big
event and universes will get merged we
know something I mean something big
universe wide has to happen with
infinity war anyway right they need to
start thinking about their next move
because they're running their actors are
getting old there no matter how good
Robert Downey jr. is he cannot be Iron
Man forever yep so they got to start
thinking long term anyway
you have a glowy sword and whatever that
means
oh is that okay that's cool that's cool
ah ah you're getting the flow of it a
little bit getting the flow getting the
feel
let's see what we got here
whiskers cuddles says I'm back to work
next we lead the fight all my coworkers
are calm how does it feel working with
your best friends every day I know all
you guys have worked hard for our LM
especially Mike but it must be great
it's awful
every fucking every fucking moment I
want to die that's great that's all you
can ask for welcome to my challenges so
this is we will oh yeah you got a little
one to two pi got a cool little boxes
there I'm despair in the hope of
awakening unless this is just a
glorified level select might be it's
cool-looking why I got a companion
cool
you're sailing when I got some trouble
staying
maybe these are my children this one
however I would rather do seven earn I
get to pick the counters in coverage
cool go grab a water I'll be right back
now I guess it's just all of them right
now I want to start the damn Oh
a casual call to heroism how many
adventures Star Plus
for 100 years I have thought about
nothing but the game I was defeated it
is true I became complacent long before
then I thought I knew everything about
the game and what it could be now you
see before you the extent of my research
I have crafted this game anew
okay
right how's it going that's going
everybody totally who do I want to
escort to the place we need to go weapon
food stonemason the hell would a
stonemason even do we're going with that
sure
stage tester sue she has done rather
better than I
okay niya shady forest you encounter a
frail old maiden she stops to greeting
half a century I have helped the mortals
who find themselves lost in my forest is
there anything that may help you with
your journey was she called the young
maiden in the first game there was a
young maiden I think it's the same
supplies longer life for gold the same
selections that's a nice touch yep yeah
gold and no amount of gold will satisfy
immortal but if that is what you wish
her ancient voice falters on the words
as if long unused
just ten I'm sorry she magically
conjures gold for you and that's all you
got is just ten come on
fight the free fight to free them or
paid to free them yeah we're gonna fight
because of no fighting it anymore fight
things
yeah one-handed weapons are recommended
against northerners okay let us see if
the mange can help you here
is that the bar a bar yeah us oh wait
this is my traveling companion Oh quel
eclipses a magician a jester and a
vagabond ooh an activated metal clips
casts a protective spell on you that can
block a single hit okay
there's twitch integration what someone
is telling us to set up twitch
integration stop second we'll look into
that as soon as rich stops suffering
wait why may you oh god I have a stupid
axe that's awful oh yeah and they said
one handed weapons are better against
northerners which I was thinking of my
old setup is still intact I don't know
why did you pick up an axe somewhere I
don't know
I don't recall picking up an axe how do
you beat them
and you got a son I sorry you got a nice
one yeah nice store
activate your twitch integration so we
can ruin the game for you no thanks
nope let's see here how Umberto's
Cabbage Patch said I've watched most of
big little lies holy shit what a great
show
Reese Witherspoon and lord laura dern
our amazing ever seen it they place
themselves III saw a couple episodes my
wife was watching make a hero to come
rescue them when things become too much
make sure you change your English - yeah
yeah I saw a couple episodes looked good
looked interesting Reese Witherspoon
Laura Dern and Nicole Kidman good good
talent Zomboid rich they're zombies
thank God zombies
yep your magic friend fireball fireball
we may do a prereq episode on this game
tomorrow there will be a new our Mario
episode will go up it's uploaded right
now
but I ran out of time to make the
thumbnail before I had to come here for
the stream so I just put it up tomorrow
I just have to make the thumbnail but it
is uploaded both ready to go on Twitch
end on YouTube so you'll get our
official Mario episode tomorrow the
bastion of purification rich this might
be our next episode we'll see how we go
we'll see how we feel about it tonight
more ways than one I think it's a good
episode it's a it's it's longer than the
than the cuphead episode it's it's over
20 minutes and there's thrive even the
still took me approximately two days to
edit with our new format and you'll see
some new illustrations by by our friend
Juan who made the original illustrations
pretty pretty excited pretty excited for
you guys to see the new illustrations
and I think it's a good episode I'm
pretty excited for it
thank you kriste for short christ for
short I know um I know a lot of people
were voicing their disapproval with the
new format but it honestly saves so much
time we recorded that yesterday Sunday
we reported on Sunday a little bit
before the streaming a little laughs of
a stream and it will be up theoretically
I could have had it up to this so like
that's a 2-day edit and upload that's
nothing see
but it literally didn't save you any
time editing check to date a normal
episode like a normal episode takes me
about 20 30 hours to edit like it's like
a four day edit if I'm really pushing it
and that doesn't include import time
render time export I'm this is the the
audio is in right away and it's a easy
to day edit takes me 15 hours at most
it's added an audio-only episode and
this means we can potentially get more
episodes absolutely
defending a decision because it makes it
easier on the creator isn't an argument
see the prequels load them you are
correct but production logistics is
something that rich and I need to be
concerned with and how fast it takes us
to produce the episodes means how many
episodes you guys get so
like a compass it indicates the truth of
all directions
the new format is high-energy I think
you know it definitely it makes me
really his own story to tell
we must wonder if it makes me work a
little bit harder as an editor because I
can't rely on just like you know looking
at one of our dumb faces where I
actually need to make sure what we're
saying is important and it means I do
cut out a lot of fluff the roads
whereas before it's like I was heating
an argument but it's fine
maybe we make a funny look or something
here's of the opposite Oh choose which
dice to re-roll
yeah for snapping you just need one more
you just need a four or greater and you
and you got it it's like 50/50 right
excellent rule which is worse than 50/50
because before wouldn't be enough yeah I
got lucky
no four would have been enough I got
lucky that one dude I had a four to
begin with oh no wait it was three all
right three device is still 50/50 yeah
so a little bit lucky yeah
now your chance presents itself unit 603
in it we had a guy that did our the
little the little cartoons of us I
actually commissioned him to make some
more high-quality illustrations of us in
different emotional states so you know
there's like he made us some new neutral
ones and laughing ones and angry ones
some sad ones and Confused ones and so
there there's more little rich and Jack
cartoons which you'll see you'll see
tomorrow it's great gal wog this oh look
at that guy this game is really neat
it's a mix between a deck building game
a roguelike
and a Batman style brawl
so it's it's neat it's an interesting
little game this is a handle thing - oh
I know I love that the dick the birthday
boy riding on the Showbiz Pizza boat
there what a great picture that was I
love it should love it
jackford of course I have never made
anything with stop motion
Oh your sword is glowing again nope nope
oh is it like is it like a combo meter
I'm not sure oh you knocked off his arm
good how he drew up that Oh Colonel
which mustard rich received a is that
the original that you received mr.
Prince a really rich receives the
original hand drawing of the dick the
birthday boy riding the show of his
beauty bear he's here when he got it the
mail it's gorgeous
you gotta get that phone yeah
like you want to take it to a nice
framing place
if we can get a mouthful maybe maybe
make it look like a nice rich that's a
business expense as long as we hang it
in here you want to take it home by 7:00
go 5050 does it satisfy you this
bloodshed knowing those who destroy but
one simple peasants going about their
day now you have learned Weaver serious
very we just will go on deck each
challenge will provide it is that
showing a trial offer so here are some
more tools to keep you in good stead
as you play you will find more options
open to you should you find yourself
blocked or overly challenged to explore
the ball shoes you're done looking cars
they give you options you have not
considered let's see here gobbledygook
says have you guys heard of the Hasbro
reconstruction Hasbro recently bought
the rights to ROM and micronauts from
Marvel and now IDW is building a shared
universe with GI Joe transformers and
mask that sounds stupid
between who know GI Joe transformers and
that's not stupid mask was dumb to begin
with which was mass cars that turn into
like battle cars but they look like
normal cars I mean that's like a
transformer but you didn't really give a
shit and it's it's it's a Jeep I like a
gun comes out of the Jeep like that's it
though it's a Jeep now it's like bigger
Jeep is that yeah yeah that was it yeah
that turd comes out of the back of the
van and the going doors open on the car
means it can fly that's all it was
there's a mask Wes oh that sounds super
stupid super stupid yeah you know I
remember seeing the the original GI Joe
the not the cartoon sorry the movie of
GI Joe and I thought it wasn't so bad
they mean the original movie yeah
what original movie we're not a result
of the movie that they made of GI Joe
the live-action one yeah I was awful
that wasn't that bad shock he was act it
was awful it was fine and then that
indicative of GI Joe no it was not
indicative of GI Joe at all that was
fine I despise it well that's fair I
have no strong feelings towards GI Joe
though so that was just mean
it's fine
mr. blinken now let's lay off stranger
things spoilers we just did it so just
in case anyone in chat still hasn't seen
it we won't do any stranger things
spoilers today am i ok I I you know what
I remember seeing that I was a I mean I
was in I was in another city on a shoot
I was on like a commercial shoots before
and I was in another city and I knew
that was the movie that Lisa would never
want to watch I was like ah finally get
to watch that GI Joe movie so I probably
like went into his feeling all right
Dorian knows probably drink a Emperor's
mailee the face on the throne behind him
the u shud dragon scribe says the GI Joe
movie was literally literally like a
photo real brain tab of what I imagined
I was doing when I was playing with the
toys as I kid which is stupid I think
that's good though like I put my guys
fly around you know there was a there
was a pretty good only lasted one season
cartoon show mm-hmm GI Joe renegades ok
which is basically like if you take GI
Joe and you crossed it with the aid team
okay alright
handful of Joe's on the run from a lot
from the wall framed ya framed for a
crime they didn't commit
yeah but helping out the everyday man
trying to expose the Cobra which nobody
knew about it was super secret
underground and they were the only ones
that knew I liked it that's good yeah
that's good shit oh that sounds fun I'm
ok with that
are they saying that like they're gonna
do a new GI Joe
I don't know
like is this a card it's a bit of a card
game say it's event - the cards are
random events basically they're just
avatars for random events and as you
play the more cards you unlocked and
then you can choose what random events
go in just use every tool at your desire
you can kind of choose what goes in the
random encounters whoa whoa that's our
first hill you find yourself hunting
relics do you not wonder why or what
they may do look at all those cards look
at all those account
oh I'll set of the move wait a minute
you'll just turned into a whole thing
this is different choices carefully
even peace I'd steal within right stick
Lord's foot so I puts it in a good way
with where they say it's sort of a
node-based adventure game similar to FTL
instead of waypoints you have the cards
the difference between this and FTL
though is you can kind of form the the
encounter deck where as FTL everything's
just dice roll this you can you can
somewhat shape your yeah some of what
goes into the deck yeah I finally
watched FS Tabriz history of comics
because of you thanks o breena's god
wasn't that a fun walk I almost feel
like re watching it all is it because I
think it's really good
oh you know what I have not played
frozen wines that there's new ADIZ DLC
for for horizon zero dawn and I have not
had a chance to play it yet because I've
been editing and then we like this came
out okay we kind of want to play this
maybe on Sunday I'll bring in the ps4
you know I'll do a little frozen wives
play that could be nice just off the ps4
I don't know I cannot tell you the last
time I turned on the PlayStation I don't
remember either
it's it went last time I played
blood-borne right ps4 it's just a
blood-borne machine you can do it rich
I'm done terrible oh yeah frozen wilds
came out what on a 7 came out yesterday
or maybe today yeah it's out now I
haven't played it yet but looks good and
for those of you like me who really
loved how did he get knocked down for
those of you like me who really loved
the noclip documentaries those uh the
the guys that made the the rocket League
the doom they just got done with their
big witcher series the their next
documentary they just announced is
guerrilla games and horizon zero dawn so
I'm really looking forward to that that
Danny O'Dwyer does some fine work
so I'm fairly excited to see what they
have to say I still need to finish their
Witcher theory I started playing the
game and I still like I still haven't
watch the 2 episode is left of there
which we now that I've actually know
what they're talking about so you are
diving now every fresh encounter will
cause you damage tread carefully
the story of horizons are done really
really mess with my head and my fields I
I was really satisfied with that ending
I tell you what
I was very no spoilers for those who
have not played it but that's one of the
few the dice story games where I
actually just heard about what happened
at the end I wanted to finish that game
just to know what happened with the
story and I felt very satisfied
no spoilers no spoilers but I I just
that I was satisfied that's a neat
animation yep
after start helping people is that
that's what he would say right he's yeah
that's great I died you want a shop sure
sure I'll take his job go back to my
game I was the last one you read the
Hasbro one maybe the GI Joe transformers
mask one that could be yeah that could
be the last one alright
Breanna's God says when you guys
consider doing a Space Quest 3 stream
around the holidays it would make them
oh so much jolly
I'm them down for Space Quest 3 pretty
much whatever right Gallagher says have
you heard that the Nickelodeon TMNT
cartoon is ending and next year a new 2d
cartoon called rise of the TMNT is
rebooting the franchise from Samurai
Jack character designer Andy Soriana
whose neat that could be great really
enjoyed the first season of TMNT yeah
they had a lot of fun realm yeah they
had a lot of fun welcome to my
challenges together we will traverse 22
pounds of wisdom do you guys have a copy
of the recent Freddie Williams
Illustrated he-man and the Thundercats
behold the combined abomination of
Skeletor and mumm-rana Nonna's Mahmut
are not my children and he sent a copy
to Karen actually I didn't know he had
he was he was showing us some of his
sketches whoa skirt it's fine I don't
give any fucks about the Thundercats no
right I enter lame I also don't care
about he-man but man he's that that dude
can draw he was working on some of that
when he was here last I was a kid and I
realized that those heroes were just the
lamest heroes the Thundercats when you
look when you are cats Thundercats ho ho
why you know such a nobody such an on
character
it's a problem when you're when you're
seven and rooting for the villains
erosion sixes sure at least a few of the
actors are looking to leave the MCU
after all these years
perhaps a big comic style reboot is in
order
none of the actors are looking to leave
they have really great paychecks right
now yeah-oh allowing a recast slash the
introduction of mutants and the
Fantastic Four God just go away nope
it's never going away rich never ever
going over to you I don't care about the
x-men I'm not excited about the Avengers
and the x-men loss I'm not excited about
that at all you never read the xmin now
aren't an x-men reader as as someone who
was an x-men reader there are good
stories in there somewhere I think but
the problem is we it's true they've
already fallen into the trap of the
Wolverine show then I thought on UFO
Vareen is not the hero of the movie he's
not the hero of the books he's the Han
Solo he's the person there to be badass
when you need a badass you need a you
need a a regular character to be your
hero and I do and they're just gonna
they're just gonna I don't mind them
make you standalone Wolverine movies but
yeah the actual x-men team movies did
put a little too much focus they were
the Wolverine show of course and he's a
fun character I understand why they went
that direction but Jesus Christ you
can't find out more about the west wind
what do you want to know what makes the
west wind special
I traveled far to escape the oppression
of the Empire Westwind gave me my
freedom and I attend to return the favor
Marvel Cinematic Universe is fine but
the introduction of the x-men to it
would only just make it a clusterfuck
the x-men on their own are a clusterfuck
you know what as someone who likes the
x-men I will agree with that the x-men
may make the Marvel Universe super
unrelatable this is whole fucking ethnic
group of super-powered people that's
that's too weird it's too weird yeah and
and it's the problem of exponential
growth the x-men need their own universe
that's just built around the x-men it
was only weird that they existed in the
same universe as spider-man the
Fantastic Four and the Avengers did not
fit comfortably well you know we always
got some fun interactions with that like
with them and spider-man it was always
fun you know like spider-man was
wondering if he was a mutant
obviously not because he wasn't born
with his power right right but you know
there could be some fun he's obviously
not but always treat those who feed you
with respect even ISTAT the same
universe that loves Captain America of a
few that can't be the same universe that
hates mutants the the public at large
would lump all of these things together
yeah but it all depends on you could you
could tie that in because they weren't
too thrilled on Captain America last
time they saw me alright alright Nick it
could work
now you wait you for more than mere
success no they wouldn't rich you're
overestimating the public's elves
okay there are people that hate all
Muslims for the actions of a few leaves
people get lumped together that's the
way human beings unfortunately it's true
but I'm on the same coin those same
people who would lump them together
would be like oh but not not uh Habib at
the liquor store he's a good one you
know you know it's the same people that
I know I know him he's a good one so I
think they're I think there's a world in
which it would work all right we're not
going down this road you are the one I
don't started trying out on the road put
the brakes on Sean says I love the new
format the little rich and Jack are
adorable I hope a little pusheen style
biscuit shows up one day Oh little bits
kids all I could have an ax I want an ax
oh then I can't have a shield
let us see if the mange can help you the
next time the next time we we want more
little characters wait till you see the
new ones wait till you see the new
characters I'm really excited for you
guys to see the new ones which you'll
see tomorrow tomorrow morning when I
post the video one Belmont says haven't
been here in a long time how goes it hi
wondering if you've played Wolfenstein 2
yet and if you are interested in it I'm
interested in it I haven't played it yet
haven't we were we were finishing up
Mario Odyssey and now we're moving on I
don't it's this is probably just say I
didn't play the first one right away
either I started playing the old blood
yeah which is the DLC for Wolfenstein
the new order but it's here and I
elaborated my problems with Wolfenstein
on stream because we played it on stream
and I have I had problems with
Wolfenstein mainly while the combat is
really fun it gets repetitive real fast
and just way too many cutscenes oh how
come doom doesn't get repetitive no fast
that's a great question that's a great
question red shit I I'm constantly
compass it indicates its doom is
constantly reinforcing violent behavior
uh-huh
you know you you get stuff you pop open
a demon and treasures pop out of it oh
now I just want to pop open more demons
right
I could I could play Doom all day but
Wolfenstein at least the new blood are
the old dill blood I started to feel
like I've seen this enemy 20,000 times I
don't doom isn't repetitive because it's
fun okay well yeah I mean that's a
simple way to put your hoping it going
but my sense of duty
turn to you I'm sure we could have
handled it but thanks for stepping in I
guess we have to get back to escorting
his Highness dice the old blood is
nothing compared to the new order ffs
well the old blood is dlc of the new
order so from which I presume there
would be similarities bring a touch wait
I just got I got recruits
what the empire reaches too far the
north has gone from a loose collection
of tribes to something to truly fear
was there ever a story in a video game
that you thought was great I think the
story and doom is great yeah you're a
super fuckin badass that all the demons
are afraid of easy-peasy and you know
what we were just talking about horizon
zero dawn I I was super into the story
of horizon zero dawn I really liked
parts of Batman mhm the Osher of the
arkham knight arkham knight thank you
the batman arkham knight that that had a
neat little story along with its the
batman slowly going crazy and not being
able to trust his own thoughts i like to
fire watch i like the story and fire
watch I'm not against games that have
story as long as as long as the gameplay
equation isn't just an afterthought my
problem with Naughty Dog is it feels
like they don't give a shit about
gameplay and it's just it's there
because it has to be there I don't care
about it they want to do a set piece and
they want to do I don't walk into the
hardware store having a long
conversation while walk into the
hardware store but it's still game play
because you're holding forward yeah
there's lot there's lots of stories in
games that I enjoy
Raider from the frozen darkness of the
far north
northerners can perform a combo attack
oh by the way that's um grammatically
incorrect sentence rich
I'm sorry northerners can perform a
combo attacks use it on it posts with
single-handed weapons to deal extra
damage immediately after you defend oh
shit
I'm hitting my button rich would you
like to see it MCU fantastic for Kirby
style cosmic movie here's the thing I
don't know if if it needs to be MC
related I don't know the Fantastic Four
could work in the MCU specifically I
think in order to make the Fantastic
Four work you would need to do something
just to stylize them and crazy and
borderline silly and 60s
what okay how about this here here's the
here's the gift yep
Disney ends up buying Fox right they
incorporate them into technically the
MCU but they take place in the 60s so
they don't interact with anyone I could
possibly see that yeah I can see that
they still go on their wacky adventures
but they never interact with anyone I
could possibly see that okay yeah
a shield in more ways than one
that could be okay I'm gaining recruits
and I don't necessarily know what that
means rich you could alter them to fit
into Marvel modernize them like they do
with their other they tried that with
the Fantastic Four and other movies
swell and it didn't quite work out well
those movies also sucked
did it help that they tried to modernize
the Fantastic Four and give them a
gritty edge I don't know if that was
necessarily the fault okay you know I
you you need Doctor Doom to be this
over-the-top man who talks about himself
in the third person that wears armor and
and as the ruler of his own country and
as his country looks like it's straight
out of the 1700s the way the peasants
there look and speak you need you need
someone who's comfortable with a little
bit of silly absolutely absolutely
Thomas thrives in even the most unusual
of locations
I can sell equipment I love dr. doom I'm
not sure you could make dr. doom work in
the MCU
hmm interesting here's here's what I
will say and this will this is no
spoilers for Thor Ragnarok
no spoilers at all the way in which
Chris Hemsworth portrays Thor in this
movie is a little different than his
portrayal of Thor in the other two
movies it reminds me a lot of almost in
a good way of how Aquaman is patrolled
and Batman braving the bold okay he's
boisterous and a little over-the-top and
ready for a fight and he's not
necessarily like no he was always like
you know like in the other movies I
thought he was more like scowling no no
no no watch the first movie again it's
been a while since watch the first movie
again in the dark world that's what he
is where is Jane Foster he walks in for
his coronation Amy is it's all full of
himself
oh it's been a while since I've seen the
hearse right yeah but I do like yeah
he's like Zapp Branigan in Thor Ragnarok
and and so like they're embracing some
of the silliness which I like here's
another thing to say with a Fantastic
Four even if they did it right in a
stylized mere 60s flavors Fantastic Four
movie you don't do Doctor Doom in there
you've got enough to you've got enough
to introduce those cons you hold off on
dr. dizzle not 100% yeah 100% that's
that's the failing of every single
Fantastic Four they try to introduce
four characters with four weirdo powers
and a villain with weirdo powers right
too much too much
they never did doom right no because
doom done right is too silly and they do
something that was serious for modern
audiences and it fucking failed every
time yeah
shall try it he's got a nice guy he has
to refer to himself in the third person
yep and they have to do it where his
scars are minor but he's so vain that he
has to wear the mask I do like that
interpretation that is the best take I'm
doing yeah where he's just that vain
it's one little scar as a scar down his
cheek it's not that bad but he wears the
mask to cover it because he's that vein
right
yeah yeah
skip the origin like they did with the
new spider-man problem fix also possible
people no longer need an origin store we
understand like superheroes are a thing
well then the Fantastic Four's origin
it's not even that interesting they go
to space thing if I space race yeah yeah
yeah just skipping hmm
I'm okay with that by the way I'm just
like I have people fighting on my side
now I have a whole bunch of soldiers
rich just described Varon bond under
bite from The Venture Brothers who you
think who do you think is a blatant like
parody of Doctor Doom in your life you
will have wondered endless intersections
yet this one stick why what is it in
your memory that catches here
age turns us all she has done rather
better than I in the time that has
passed
your companion has his own story to tell
we must lock ellipsis problem a love a
hero or a villain
anonymous I just I don't want to bring
this into any kind of politics at all
it's nothing terrible it's nothing
terrible
we we didn't have anything to vote for
in our districts yesterday there were
there were no our our midterms are next
to era in 2018 so we didn't have
anything to vote for I there's a lot to
talk about about voting stuff but yeah
we won't get terribly into politics
every time I've tried and it's been a
horrible disaster usually you people in
chat go a little crazy now you know you
go a little nuts but we didn't have
anything to vote for here in our section
of Wisconsin so I've got people on or
coming on the YouTube videos yeah this
day hate my guts it's because of mild
criticisms I've had of Canada's they've
liked yep no look there's a lot of gray
area people you know like there's a lot
of bud go for rich talk politics as mega
Paul gets his popcorn ready he like talk
politics do it who's gonna go nuts in
chat first but yeah we didn't have
anything we didn't have anything here to
vote on some but if we did voting would
have happened of course cuz midterm
elections are important every election
is important Adam Sandler's is Jack
Brown out of salmon Jack started
American vandal yesterday on your
recommendation finished American vandal
by yesterday night now I'm behind in all
my work fuck you jack but seriously the
show was great it really is I'm it's
Netflix is kind of killing it kinda
killing it with their new stuff they're
gonna have to I the grand scheme of
things if they if they can't keep it up
if they don't have a fucking hit that
Netflix produce show every fucking year
no any year look every month they need a
new show every month too many of these
big companies are starting their own yep
streaming services and they've got the
backlog of the movies the franchise's no
and as soon as Disney starts their own
because you know Disney starting their
own all those Disney properties are
leaving and Netflix knows it because
like button they've been
investing hard and original Pro Fox has
been pulling their stuff from Netflix
they use them they're going to shortly
lose what does it sunny in philadelphia
they're going to losing that yeah
they're gonna have there's gonna be a
day in the not too far future where they
only have their own shit to stand on
that's true it's very true and you know
what I think it's gonna be ok they've
been they have been producing some great
content yep and I can tell you from from
talking to people who have made stuff
before for Netflix I have some friends
who have actually been you know
directing and producing stuff for
Netflix Netflix treats their creators
very well they give them a ton of space
a ton of leeway to do their own thing
rich I have a they have to eat a flower
yeah I got a daisy a forget-me-not or a
luminous purple flower I can only assume
the forget-me-nots what's the greater
scheme of things here what's what led to
this melaka lips is talking to a little
goblin yeah and i first we had to pay
the goblin ten gold which I gave them
yeah you're welcome Malacca lips and and
now he says we need more we need your
warrior to eat a flower well I'm reading
what the chat is saying okay fortunately
because I have my own suggestion but
it's not what every one of the chat is
saying and they probably know things we
don't okay so do you want me to spoil
what is your suggestion well you'll know
that's not what they're saying what I
was thinking of eating is the luminous
purple flower because it's the weirdest
okay what what is your suggestion I was
gonna say maybe you'll remember some
long-lost thing you lost if you eat the
forget-me-nots
you remembered where you stored some
ancient armor that's not what everybody
is saying what is everyone saying do you
want to know yeah they're saying eat the
purple flower I'm gonna do it the flower
has a crispy burnt texture yeah sure or
forget everything it's called a
forget-me-not chat shit gonna happen
it's not gonna happen
the dice are fair and thus you have lost
this round damn it
you feel an intense wave of heat emanate
from your stomach to your neck and you
collapse to the floor you wake to
Malacca lips splashing it with water the
murk has left and you see him attempting
to steal a seed bun from the Baker stall
we'll come back later and try again oh I
failed because of my dice roll I didn't
get the little token I'm sorry
I'm sorry she tried to forget me now who
will make you have ads even if you pay
them there's two tiers the the cheaper
tier has ads the more expensive tier has
no ads at the point where there are
seven streaming services that I'll have
good things that's but just before a
pirate foot and pirate everything fuck
them in this ship it didn't it seems
silly
cut the cord so I get into paying more
than I was just for cable right it
doesn't seem silly that you pay for Hulu
that also has ads like like the CW
streaming service that is a free cert
like that's just an app that you have
they have ads but you can watch all
their shit they just have ads that's the
smart way to do it though to be honest I
watch that so much I would pay to have
there as removed because they have the
same ads over and over again so I would
give CW money if I could not watch those
stupid ads let's hear top west wind town
hall is a large bell tower it used to
signal the day's end for the workers in
the mines and surrounding fields but now
it will summon west winds defenders oh
you make a brand is do you wish some of
the soldiers you have recruited I have
eight soldiers recruited yes let's ring
the bell as night clothes as night
cloaks west wind who can sense the
corruption rising from the shadows all
around you you survey any soldier you've
managed to recruit
yes you have gathered a large group
someone needs to go through this with a
little with a little edit button you
have gathered a large group soldiers
yeah yeah just a little little
grammatical editing to defend the town
here's hoping you won't need any more
yeah I'll be fine
you must survive till morning when
Imperial reinforcements will arrive I'm
about to give a rousing speech rich oh
shit oh shit oh sure the soldiers appear
unmoved by your words oh it could be
worse yeah
chatez Netflix Canada gets star trek
discovery I think all of Netflix except
for us
so Canada wasn't gonna be this Oh Canada
no so all of North America doesn't get
it yeah that's too bad
dice comes yeah but to be fair CBS all
access is the greatest thing ever
everyone watches stranger things and
talks about a few weeks left look steps
on my own spoiled ungrateful shits
I'm not saying Netflix sucks I'm saying
they're in trouble because so many
people want to run streaming things yeah
I think the good thing I mean I mean
they're going to lose content over time
Netflix is smart Netflix has been
planning losing yeah other people's
content for a while now
yeah and so that's why they started this
big original programming push and so
Netflix is ahead of the curve and that's
actually going to be a problem like for
CBS all access what do they got besides
Star Trek you know might see creature of
chaos felled by your power does it
satisfy you this bloodshed knowing those
you destroy but one simply presents my
problem isn't the problem is that twenty
different people are gonna want to be
Netflix right if you want to watch all
this shit you know that comes out it's
gonna cost you $200 a month right well
that's horseshit no plus another $60 a
month for decent internet service so you
can watch it all right right feet magic
do not think I'm satisfied with this but
at least we have a place to begin
CBS is rebooting The Twilight Zone as if
it can be done they've tried so many
times it's a reboot that's rising yep
keep it simple don't be afraid to be a
bitch easily right you will find a
Grimlock this is both on Gog and steam
and I think it's change Xbox as well to
explore the blood I don't have an Xbox
so I don't know it is currently like 10%
offs on both steam and GOG so and I was
thinking it did I told rich this earlier
I was I was debating which platform to
buy it on and both had it on sale and I
knew I was gonna buy it and I know rich
does prefer GOG because you can get a
drm-free copy but more importantly after
watching the the The Witcher documentary
and learning a little bit about the
history of set of projects I I liked
them so much and I know that they are
behind GOG now I wanted to support them
so I I gave my money to GOG alright
remember that Twilight Zone episode with
burgess Meredith and the library and the
broken glasses of course classic see see
you know what the mistake that they
would make in rebooting the twilight
zone that's such a simple story and
effective they would waste millions of
dollars on apocalypse CGI rather than
just telling that simple story in the
simple way that the twilight zone did it
in the 60s they would put zombies in any
time that's not yes they would put
zombies in there of course they would
yeah they would be unable just to tell a
simple story they would say they would
turn the the simple quiet man who didn't
really like people into like an action
hero yeah I guess this glass is broken
fighting the zombies rather than just
them simply falling off exactly his face
yeah
yeah yeah put respect on their name I am
that's why I'm calling them said to
proyects I heard Jordan Peele is going
to be showrunner for new Twilight Zone
that's that's encouraging he knows he
knows how to make stuff he would eat you
know what Jordan Peele would have
respect for the source material no
matter what you do you're also missing
out a roster right no offense to Jordan
Peele he's no rod sir he's a fine
filmmaker but yeah how blasphemous what
a bait just to hire an actor to play Rod
Serling well you know don't hire an
actor to play Rod Serling hire an actor
like Ross that's what I mean that's kind
of what I mean yeah yeah you need you
don't call him rod serling but he's
quite clearly Brad swell
you know like the the fun part is Rod
Serling was also like what didn't he
wasn't he like the writer yeah like so
like he was also involved with not
necessarily every I was he wasn't writer
but he kind of did spearhead the show
right produced it and so you would need
someone of his vocal quality uh-huh not
necessarily who's involved in the show
yeah but it like just his his cadence
his tone and cadence were enough just to
get you into any episode of toilet zone
I loved his voice Forest Whitaker I know
they didn't have a Forest Whitaker is he
is he possibly too dramatic who Forest
Whitaker is it not the same it's just
this guy in a suit she's seeing here
today a tale of a man yeah Forest
Whitaker is he's he's - yeah
- dramatic would be good you know I'm
thinking you know if I'm thinking of
only because I saw him in a commercial
recently and I just like him in general
yeah you know who do good Clive Owen
yeah British accent deep voice some of
the Clive Owen what could be the voice
of Twilight Zone and I'd be okay with it
dr melaka loves this problem again like
their winters bain dan aykroyd wait a
little bit these poor to old now it's
anything like that is he old is he he's
not his he falling apart old or she just
old he's just old he's not follow your
plan falling apart old but i also don't
think he has the voice for he didn't
look that bad this cameo on ghostbusters
yeah yeah told but he doesn't have the
right voice for it you need you need
someone with a little timbre in their
voice this you know Tim Reber Aykroyd
wouldn't know it's fiction don't just
help him sell it all the better right
shed I know you're bringing up Patrick
Warburton a lot he did he did the
narration fine in series of unfortunate
events but a little too comedic yeah
he's got a whole different stick and
then you know he does he has his like
squinty eyes thing mm-hmm
and I like just picturing him as the as
the the the spearhead as the face of a
Twilight Zone up wouldn't work he has
the voice of course but no you need you
need something you need someone who's a
little bit of an everyman and just
slightly weird but not super weird just
just like it's like a tent like before
Tim Curry unfortunately is is falling
apart old he might have a disease well I
don't I don't know if it's aged as much
as it is stroke with him you hit a
stroke right he had a pretty big stroke
yeah which just might make it all the
more entertaining
shut up story
forget ice
ohso Frank gesture has it gesture three
to eight eight has it Jon Hamm Jon Hamm
is your Rod Serling he might actually be
to Rod Serling for Rod Serling Jon Hamm
would be perfect though
yes you find yourself once again in the
company of Prayer of religion
now it begins negotiations on behalf of
the Empire yeah Jon Hamm is radiance
I'm sick of what post-stroke Tim Curry
melaka lip says somehow roped into
traveling deep into the far north on a
diplomatic mission well I usually
refrain from working in the Empire since
this one takes me further away from it
I've made an exception I'll square my
debt with general brand storm and help
open many tolls what do you say if you
want to go with an actor with a deep
voice why not try Keith David Keith
David is fantastic but I'm trying to
avoid the deep dramatic voice and just
just a normal guy introducing thing it's
not slightly weird who's Keith Davis
keep David Keef just watch the thing he
was the oh god I can't wherever the
character's name the black one thing
he's been a bunch of things he was a
Goliath he voiced Goliath in gargoyles
sure really deep bless that voice yeah
that's two months childs from the thing
Thank You Chad too much too much
yes I know I did voice work in Mass
Effect but jag has not played Mass
Effect so that would be no help Keith
David or David Keith yeah
David Keith yeah I know I know you're
talking about nice he has a good
fantastic voice but yeah there is a
Keith David now I'm getting them
confused which is which is it Keith
David David Keith no I'm all turned
around oh fuck me alright crumbled into
the dust
more's the pity David Carradine that's
something entirely different chat wait a
minute did you know that David Carradine
died via auto-erotic asphyxiation you
mean like he was choking himself all
choking ed really that's how he died
yeah I had no idea why would someone
choke themselves while jerking off
that's just his thing supposedly you get
a little bit extra out of it
I'm not daring enough to try beggar's
job
sounds great
it's also the president and Rick and
Morty keep David would you haven't seen
brick and Morty but he voices the
president be mine I know it now like you
said gargoyles and now I think of it
yeah I can I know exactly I really deep
voice I can't picture his face at all
but I know exactly fantastic voice
absolutely absolutely
oh fuck so like that's the big thing
with the game if you notice that card
had a little gem on it and you know the
little choose your own choose the
correct card thing yeah and if I would
have chosen the correct card I would
have gotten the jam and that's that's
how you complete the event unfortunately
I am up so I did not completely be
careful where one takes right couple of
people on shed and bringing up that
Keith David voiced spawn in the spawn
animated series and HBO and oh is that
really that memorable the spawn animated
series from HP Oh what I was gonna say
his own spawn had an animated series on
HBO
that's I like I tragedy of spawns it's
not the worst premise it's just a todd
mcfarlane is just such a shit not just a
shit writer but just a shit in general
but most but most importantly a shit
writer I mean he's all sorts of a shitty
person but just a shit writer talking
about making a new spawn movie you know
spawns just a man with a melted face and
a mask there's no reason you couldn't
have keep David voice um and live-action
shoes bond yeah oh yeah well it's a full
fuckin face mask that save you a ton of
production time to if the actor doesn't
give a good take who the fuck cares you
put on the mask and you stand here and
he pointed a thing we'll have someone
acted later if okay if I did a live
action spawn movie I would totally just
have Keith David voices gone dump it in
a TR it yeah I'm with you
you have no lives to worry about really
I'm with you anytime he's got the mask
of it's gonna be CGI anyway
here's a token for you if you can earn
it
oh yeah so here's here's the one I
failed earlier and we're gonna try to
get that gym now my luck ellipsis
problem oh yeah Michael ups my luck old
man
all right last movie that made you go
Wow uh um possibly spider in homecoming
I felt like a kid watching that that was
a fun movie I've heard some people say
that like that's not their favorite
spider-man moving it's like you then
you've read this wrong spider-man whoa
that's a great spider-man movie and I
have nothing but respect for at least
spider-man 1 & 2 that's the one and to
Sam Raimi spider-man movies but that's a
great that's a great smile I was pretty
down with guardians too but before that
a fury road I think everyone knows this
imamate fury road is one of the best
movies ever made but that's just true
possibly my favorite movie that's truly
wild nature will not tolerate fury in
its domain unless it is its own no I
have absolutely zero plans on playing
the new son again I don't give a shit
via a sniper in the chat says fury road
was awful a long-ass car chase boring
that why is it some like Trump tweeted
us to erode very long car chase boring I
mean it's nothing but a car chase fury
road was awful
boring
if you'd like any indication on how
wrong you are your assessment of fury
road rich put it very nicely no I'm not
going there
I'm not going oh that's a it's a good
thing not to go in there go on there but
that's a fine Jo you guys might have
heard that I don't know we're not going
there
a win here sets the tone for your
challenge gobbledygook says I believe
you can download for free RPG Maker FES
for the 3ds to play games users uploaded
and would you be willing to play a
randomly selected amateur creation they
are their JRPGs rich you love them no
the red epic says my wife picked up
frozen and while the Templars and that
religion for heaven to drop it this
morning to go to work she stretched and
exclaimed all I want to do is sit here
all day and play this game so it's good
you guys Rock I'm looking forward to it
I like I said oh I'll get that I'll
download that and I'll bring in my ps4
on Sunday which one is oh that's a
horizon and that'll be our that'll be
our game plan for Sunday we got is a
little horizon zero dawn
Hausa effaces the mountains against my
better judgment I just recently saw
death list ah whatever happened to the
guys that made that did they ever
comment on rlm stuff you know what I
have never seen death list don't just
just don't affair that's fair and I have
no idea what those people are up to in
this day and age which is I'm probably
normal people working odd jobs if you
saw and enjoyed deathlist definitely do
not look up old man oh that's the same
people yeah oh I've seen old man that's
their second effort made in deathlist
first man is an embarrassment of a movie
what is deathlist?
that most deathlist is a bad movie
that we've referenced many times I
don't recommend watching it it's really bad
Oh old man is super bad and it's not
funny bad old man
mm-hmm
it's embarrassing and bad bad.
I think I think people know that Mike and I had
met Jay through a web site community
hangout for people who made movies for
fun like a DIY filmmaker message board
thing deathlist was made by somebody
else who hung out there okay and Mike
made the mistake of giving an honest
review you know maybe you can get some
some feedback that would help you in the
future as everyone's as far as I know a
little more backstory is people who made
movies would like mail them to each
other yeah and I just back before
YouTube was right and then you could
talk you could like yeah I'll mail you
my movie tell me what you think about it
yeah yeah and and everyone lost their
shit that it wasn't just you know we
weren't just secondary each other's dick
for funds and somebody said something
honest and oh you evil evil man sure
yeah sure
it's fine
sacrifice your companion to discard a
monster card sure
I don't need my companion no at least
not in battle I hope I didn't like just
kill him I hate cute little animations
when you get a new weapon neat looking
weapon yeah winters bane fuck
fiery dog poops is fun fact Balaam is
the only Disney princess who is not a
princess either born or married into
which which Disney princess is which
Disney princess is best Disney Princess
- mereta Effie brave though Megara from
Hercules is hottest first of all what do
you what are you talking you cannot rank
Disney princesses by hotness most of
them are children
this is true this is not a thing this is
not a conversation we can have as adults
well we didn't say by hotness
necessarily is how you have to rank them
no but they mentioned one who's hot okay
best Disney Princess I'm gonna they're
gonna find some reason for ray to have
royal blood so she could be the Disney
Princess oh she's already quasi indecent
princess I'm a fan of beauty of Belle
I'm a fan of Belle just cuz I like that
movie I like I like Anna from frozen
have they made the attempt to put
Princess Leia and their Disney Princess
line of just stuff I think yeah I think
they have that I don't
I have two boys so we don't outright you
know much about the Disney Princesses we
don't get too much into the Disney
Princesses
campfires will always offer warmth and
heat but they also change with each
challenge be prepared
Varane Adam Sandler says hey guys
building on the Netflix convo yeah have
you guys seen mind hunter I think it was
brilliant - a couple of very minor flaws
I think rich might really love this one
I've heard about this a couple of times
what is mine hunter I don't know you
don't know I haven't seen ok sell me at
it I know very I know very little about
it
just cooking food here because I'm way
low on life
I ain't misbehavin as a huge fan of no
Breen wants to know if we'll ever do
another Neal Breen film happen cause
I'll have them sooner or later I am sure
of course we will yeah when it happens
that's that's the real question
well the guck says do you feel
Metacritic has any value for example the
recently released sonic forces has a 57
and Marya Odyssey has a 97 how can that
be
Sonic is so much better genesis does
what nintendome obviously they're doing
something right so I'm fine with
Metacritic I think people get confused
about things like Rotten Tomatoes and
Metacritic it's it's an it's a it's a an
aggregator does Metacritic work same way
I don't know what Metacritic does I
assume they met at Metacritic is someone
who takes all the critics and lumps them
together right I thought they did it
there does they calculated the same way
rotten tomatoes - I thought they did is
the way Rotten Tomatoes does it a lot of
middling scores that are just over just
high enough just enough of a rating to
get above fresh yeah we'll give like a
film a 99 and the thermometer or even
though the average review it gets us
like a 60% okay I think Metacritic might
be the average of all of these things
combined oh okay which is different sure
so but I mean it's the same idea but
just different calculations is why
you're saying the way it's calculated
though I believe I could be wrong is
very different oh okay I guess I always
assumed Rotten Tomatoes was also just an
average run Tomatoes is just that the
tebah better score is the number of
positive reviews it's gotten it doesn't
necessarily reflect the average score
oh okay Omega but I get both our
aggregators right both you should trust
neither the the whole point of like
criticism and finding a critic is
finding someone who shares your
sensibilities right like if you were
thinking about seeing a movie I wouldn't
go to rotten tomatoes to know if I
should if I would like that movie
because Rotten Tomatoes is just an
aggregator I would go to a critic who I
know shares my sensibilities and I have
a few I have like oh you know like I'll
see if this person likes it I'll see if
this person likes it and that's where
I'll make my decision on whether or not
I would go see a movie and but people
just assume that like oh well it gets a
high score and Rotten Tomatoes I must
like this movie then it's like that
doesn't it doesn't mean anything the
least of notice the very lands they care
more about the things that people are
saying about it more so than what their
story is surprise okay sure
the problem is that publishers for both
industries to take them seriously well
right it's not it's a nice thing like to
put on your box 99% fresh and rotten
tomatoes like if I if I wrote a review
for for doom
yeah the doom reboot and and what they
had to say about it was oh there's so
much action the game never stops to tell
a decent story there's almost no
cinematic elements I give this game a 2
out of 10 I would read that review and
be like ah shit that sounds right up my
alley
right so I don't much care what you
finally score somebody gives something
else I care what they have to say about
it that's a really good point
one day
fuck you
Oh another one you're caught in an
endless loop stop throwing shit at me
goddamn trappers
I'm up for 20 our assess long time
watcher first-time super love watching
the stream you guys are very
entertaining and I enjoy the
conversation more than the games you put
I think that's a lot of people I think
it's pretty common I think may the force
be with yous Thanks you want them hey
thank you for watching we appreciate it
you ever consider featuring Mortal
Kombat on the best of the worst can have
any be movies they're just kind of big
big but a fairly big budget big releases
right after the first one probably yeah
I don't you know like like there was
that one there was the Street Fighter
movie I don't know if there's anything
so bad it's good about them is that is
the we've typically avoided things that
were just mainstream big releases like
somebody somebody sent us the other day
serial mom like that's it's not that's
not in our wheelhouse man also that's
John Waters that's a whole different
thing
like that's not a so bad it's good movie
that is a John Waters movie which is in
a whole different level right
you know like serial mom is fuckin great
but somebody saw the car were they
didn't know much about it they thought
it looked silly and they just said it it
sure Jane loves to real mom well maybe
they said it because Jay likes it then
and I'm I'm misinterpreting their motive
I don't know
they just sent it to give it to Jay I
mean that's that's possible but every
now and then people send us things that
were you know fairly big releases at the
time yeah I'm like we're never gonna do
anything with this I don't know what to
do with this
there's I have a we have a Fame I don't
know what that congratulations and a
Fame meter
I'll get a blessing from them so we're
good we push on despite nature itself
attempting to thwart you strange things
still exist and eating do not see the
beauty this poor yeah two wonders still
remain how hard it is see good evening
I've lived in the eastern zone my whole
life
is there anything annoying about being
an hour behind or is it comforting that
if the world ends at midnight you get an
extra hour but I'm okay I'll tell you
what's annoying daylight savings
retaining it gets dark now at five
o'clock yeah that's just that's the most
depressing thing in the world you know
what fuck the fucking farmers it gets
dark at dinnertime old-school farmers
don't even exist anymore it's all
fucking factory farms exactly they have
they have big old they have stadium
lighting in their fields yeah we don't
we don't need to worry about it anymore
though though we are and we're in
standard time now this is what this is
standard yeah maybe the the put yeah
it's it's crazy it is now it is nice to
still wake up with some light you know
in a month we're not gonna wake up with
any light so well you don't but because
you know you wake up at five I've waited
100 years for my revenge if you throw
something you may be able to distract
the savage mouth thus allowing you to
steal some fruit I think I have some
equipment
Oh Oh I have to throw nice equipment
fuck that fuck oh fuck I can't go back
you have to get rid of one of these I
thought I could throw him like my my
dumbass shield I'll throw my shield I'd
rather have mice what does it do yeah
your swords where's your sword do good
stuff and I don't and I don't think I
have another one that's a good sort I'm
gonna throw my shield yeah let's throw
the equipment at the plan oh that's
pretty
oh that's pretty good that's pretty good
I got magic fruit there you know magic
fruit what does the magic fruit do it
gave me 15 extra to my max life fine
world is becoming less dream no Misha
James is out lion killman's i voice
comes out as a dozen small creatures
leaped from the trees around you it
takes a moment to realize they're gnomes
dirty poorly armed gnomes a few hold
Spears but most have only a rock or
sharpened sticks we see calm synth
finesse elves a gnome declares loudly
hand over some of your equipment and
we'll release you we can even pay
something I'll give them some food for a
helmet one of the small folk says no
give me some armor and I'll give you a
health potion oh I don't think I gave
him something like a fuse I don't want
to know cuz I wasn't gonna tell me to
give him my sword I don't want to give
my sword
but I can't fight off the fucking nose I
wanted to really fight the little bit
yeah darn it what you get for exploring
I only have three blessings and I need
six blessing the fudge in order to meet
with the High Priestess that's the whole
point of this mission is to meet with
the High Priestess I have a phone make
you fight or something instead if you
don't have they would know trust you
lose a bunch of just shit that's nice
grab McGuirk says have you read the
latest copy of Walmart's game center
magazine why would I ever read the any
copy of Walmart's game center magazine
that seems like a really weird question
to ask it's the new freeway to hear game
release opinions scores stay up to date
and all the radical topics and video
play culture ShopSmart
you're losing a gobble tea you're losing
it does gobbledygook snout work for
Walmart gaming magazine possibly and
he's like I got it listed this is part
of my job I've run PR lost his job with
DC Universe now I tried I I was doing
viral marketing with streamers and they
weren't biting
they still make gaming magazines and who
buys these things I think they're all
online now right like they still make
any print ones I don't read them I oh no
you know what I get the GameStop one
because I have a Gamestop rewards oh
sure sure
I still get that one and it goes
directly into my recycling bin every
single time that comes of course I trade
in news did all the time I trade in all
the games that have we use for the show
I'm such a gaming packrat oh yeah I
don't throw anything out I mean if I
like a game and I think I may play it
again at some point but a lot of it like
Mario Rabbids out of here I've only
traded a game in when I like absolutely
despised it yeah
I have no know necessarily I don't need
to hold on to stuff like that Oh
besides when you be so much better just
selling them at eBay that's a lot more
work yeah it is my time is worth a lot
to me
you can change your Game Informer
magazine to digital / email Jack yeah
probably yeah
dammit are you doing poorly sacrifice a
companion to discard in Moscow
yeah sorry companion yeah yeah I still
don't have fighting down to a science
and now I gotta get I got rid of my nice
shield and now I gotta fight some Frost
berserkers I don't even know what that
is that's these guys look at these fucks
yeah I didn't I didn't trade in the Mass
Effect 3 I destroyed it even if I wanted
to I couldn't trade that end of his on
EA's origin which like steams DRM you
can't
can't trade in games on GOG either no
what do we say I have them drm-free you
can do what I pretty much want with them
you said I rarely I rarely ever trade in
games anyway no I'll probably never do a
video discussing my spectrum death what
other people have other people have done
it I don't know that I could add much
more that's new well yeah and I mean
that game was so old by this point right
who would you be talking to fuck you
what you can hit me while I'm doing that
yeah oh damn it oh oh I was rolling I
was rolling rich I was rolling
Chad I I never owned Ghostbusters on the
NES but every NES game that I do own did
own is in storage somewhere yeah yeah
never traded him never sold

[Part II]
okay we now have twitch integration live
I don't know how to do anything though
so if you know how to do stuff let us
know person in chat you're lying doom
did not come on 14 floppies it came on
four doom doom it was for floppies yeah
yeah we're gonna try the empress tried
the high priestess and that didn't seem
to work i don't store them in a swamp
quest for glory for came on 14 fluff his
quest for glory for at least the version
I had thanks Edie
Oh grace
to get it in this case the Empress
assistant a leader of the northern plans
yeah oh yeah no rich original of this
stuff in in the local salt mine in the
local salt mine here in here in
Milwaukee now we come to one of the
nuances of our game the hunt for fame
and esteem would not work for all
players but it works for you
the hunt like saison email your pride
your skill in time we will learn all of
you
so did we find out how to interact with
hand of fate - or will they I can only
assume at one point a probably like we
had to connect and God is a whiffle
twitch and so
so I can only assume at some point it
will it'll say hey vote on a thing so is
this better worse or the same as hand of
fate one I have not played enough to say
I have also not played enough same so
far it seems like the same with just
some more stuff to do so more hand of
fate is better because I really like to
and of fate so but I have just not
played enough to know for sure
I know how's the enemy variety so far
this is hard to tell it's we're so we're
so early on
oh shit point does on a bend to
pragmatism gift voting so so look it did
it hey the big nice I did see that
coming so that's how twitch interact and
integrations deep thanks thank you guys
your friends we're gonna assist the
distressed woman here hey
can you twitch us a dice roll right yeah
you need us only a six would save youth
you kept force probably would have kept
one of the force ah worse Ricky taste
for hole thanks beefcake thanks for
trying
yeah we get into a fight I'm okay with
that we'll see what the enemies look
like so yeah we fought like zombies
we've fought Vikings let's see what the
enemies are like in this area
don't helping people
we're gonna chat is trying to bait us
playing Friday the 13th
what are presumably wise about updates
oh yeah yeah
what sort of lie updates are they giving
us Friday the 13th updates are really
different holy shit this will keep the
haters at bay booyah
oh well it sounds really exciting thank
thanks for letting us know obviously a
PR person for Friday the 13th too bad
we're not playing that tonight and we're
not going to either
no yeah any of you guys ever come across
the Canon schlock called American ninja
starring schlock auteur Michael do -
koffe yeah and I liked it when I was a
kid dude a cough I like me some American
ninja
due to car
yeah as a kid it was fine okay market
thief taking some gold that's fine
American ninjas like the the anti Big
Trouble in Little China yeah white guy
comes across Asian culture and masters
it becomes more confident sure any of
the Asian sure Oh see I didn't see that
I should have waited there was a some
twitch integration where the chat could
have told me what card I should have
chosen but I just chose it I should I
should have waited children well your
dumb ass well I didn't know either of us
were ever such save the boy I'm gonna
save the boy lamb thigh I'm gonna save
the boy rich what has he done for you
nothing yet but he might give me
something save the boy it's just three I
can take three maybe
I get better at this
you take your time - don't bash
swing
look swing look swing look it's a it's a
flowy like it's it's a memo that it's a
forgotten flow yeah like swing swing
it's a rhythm yeah it's the rhythm
method it's very much a rhythm game yeah
hey there we go as you check on the
unconscious guards you notice the boy
looking at you warily as if sizing you
up
Oh some of these targets are actually
pretty harsh for three died there
they're not doing you any favors
no don't even keep any of them that's or
else they're all shit yeah oh you did a
ball huh yeah that's like right we'll
give it some pepper fine there are there
are some harsh dice rolls right there
yep the boy disappears into the forest
and soon you hear him howl from a short
distance the Raiders come out of hiding
and the boy shouts their outpost is that
way
stop
oh so the boy is working for the Raiders
oh yeah how long to attack I don't give
a fuck dice rolls are harsh because
there were a few ways to manipulate them
even more later on
hey I can't assume that within thing
villain takes their time to bait their
trap be careful lest they put you in
your place
so I should have loved the boy died
this is more apt I don't think he meant
that as a pun but nice you can work that
into a pun well listen I saved the boy
and then the boy turned out to be a
dickhead and it's like yeah fine I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna like save him twice
or
have we gotten a successful repost in
depth I don't you know I don't
necessarily know what a repost is
remember bloodborne
where you stagger them yeah well I think
that's just a that's just this you know
that was just a block because they're
much bigger than me and they're harder
than done Chad sank that wasn't one no
that was just a block mr. timing pretty
rich you're non-spoilery thoughts on
Ragnarok I haven't seen it so you can
you have nothing but non-spoiler talk
yeah the only talk I can have on it
it was rolling
came to fame search for spoils okay so
now is it gonna okay now it's gonna tell
me what card I should choose all right
I'll see look yeah for you wait you guys
are no help but you probably weren't
paying attention because I wasn't all oh
car 2 is winning now slightly slightly
oh so slightly pain you guys have given
me pain that's helpful let us see what
the next townhomes
do not take lightly the mantle of fame
being a figurehead don't be always gives
you pain it's yes all right here we go
moving on up moving on over right up to
these side to a deluxe apartment in the
sky chat last I heard jack is liking
with the whisper 3 it's true
they still play no cuz you know Mariota
see
oh shit stick it Mario please take a
fire break these guys hit twice so I had
to take a small one but wrong button
I'd take a small Mario break and now you
know this is out there's other stuff to
do so I don't know like how soon I'll be
able to get back to it buddy I was
overall good
I found the flow it's a pretty good job
of killing guys
oh fuck you i paroled I rolled my rolls
rolled into it huh you rolled into it
can he use his power multiple times per
battle I think so
oh I think he like he like recharges it
I I assumed it was a one-time thing so I
don't really use it
winters bane yes I will take the winters
Blaine over my neglecting sword winters
Blaine winces Blaine David I'll take
David Blaine and puts himself to a black
ice it's a pretty good sword
sorry puts itself into a block of ice
the sword does a little show and
everyone gets distracted so I can run
away
ever since I've returned to this world
I've been disowned one of those guys I
think it might have been Criss Angel but
I'm not sure yeah it wasn't magic that's
not a magic trick get out here that shit
like what like David Blaine just has a
thing where we're like he sticks like a
knife through his arm or like a like a
metal rod through his skin and doesn't
bleed and you know like he did an
interview recently where they're like
how do you do that he's like I just
stick a metal rod through and it's like
sometimes that's part of the trick is
you just have to do something that's
real and that will help all of your
tricks he's like so I just stick him up
right through my arm is fine
west winds only tavern the rusty razor
is a safe harbor among the many dangers
of the outer reaches of the Empire its
barkeep who sits outside his
establishment with a look of resigned
and defeat upon your arrival he jolts
straight up and a smile almost breaks
out across his face at last someone from
the guild is here
his empire soldiers of almost ruined me
before you can disagree the owner swings
open the saloon door and pushes you
inside shit I think I think for a magic
trick
yeah in order to be a magic trick a good
magic trick you need to be able to do it
in front of an audience a live audience
of course if you're doing it with with
camera edits it's not a magic trick
that's TV show agreed agreed
it's the last book I read I just
finished up the the The Ghost Box so a
bunch of short stories next I still need
to finish finish orgs and Craig
and then I have my my sister lent me the
girl with all the gifts which is
supposed to be a very good book YUM so
that's what I made that's my plan now
that I know what the ghost wants finish
up Oryx and Crake girl with the gifts
and then there's two more in the Oryx
and Crake story there's two more books
in that story that I want to read so
alright I got a fight who was the best
toast of the family feud wow there's a
lot to be said for richard dawson though
though underrated is i'm trying to
remember his name the one that killed
himself after he lost the job break
homes
you guys are so wrong it's this one it's
number two it's definitely number two
and you guys are trying to see this is
why this is why it's which integration
is important because I think it's number
two they think it's number three mm-hmm
so if I'm wrong in there right I'm not
gonna be the end of it okay but I have
to go with my gut I went with my gut
rich I didn't think my gut would steer
me wrong
why why why didn't you think that you
would stir because lately I've been
second-guessing my gut and my gut was
right
I'm so sorry chat I'm so sorry Jack it
was a gut check and you failed
a guy with a gun sweet we gotta take him
out first
mani is kind of a fun idea
oh yeah no I agree
why don't kill the busker guys second
one shooter I'm sorry I'm talking so by
using here you're in the middle of this
this kind of thing I guess
hmm all right how far'd its says another
random question how far do Jack huh
farted
I appreciate your diverse taste of music
what are thoughts on musical Hamilton do
you use this for its holy virtues uh
here here's the thing on the music you
know do you know what Hamilton is have
you heard of the Broadway musical
Hamilton heard of it what's the big deal
it's it's a it's a rap
opera about the founding fathers oh the
fuck itself it's supposed to be very
good uh-huh I even like the songs that
lin-manuel writes he wrote some songs
for Moana
I don't know if you you probably know
I've seen a lot of Karen like Moana
though okay that was the DJ movie with
the rock yeah yeah yeah yes no I didn't
like it yeah okay all right no no I
didn't like it like that yeah that's
cute it's cute he wrote some of the
songs in there it's it's the hugest deal
ever I have not even heard a song from
it I know it's supposed to be great I'm
not I don't care about it that much so
let's see here the table has jet let's
go with the card mistakes remained which
how would you like / hate sing a jukebox
musical that uses Nirvana songs I'm
unfamiliar with this term jukebox
musical I don't go to many musicals in
general but Nirvana songs are fine isn't
like a musical that uses can be used to
see what your companion has to say about
your current challenge are they actually
performing this live and if they're
performing it live is it just a band
performing it or is there like a choir
singing your bonus yeah I need more
information here
if you box musical is a stage or film
musical that he's previously released
popular songs as it's musical score but
are they actually performing them or is
the music just like piped in yeah I'd
probably just rather listen to Nevada
albums right
Malaka lips is problem oh I have gold
okay give the Goblin man gold they have
a tape deck on stage that can't be true
they just they're just big boom box in
the first play that can't be true and
everyone kind of dances a little bit
okay eat a flower last time the purple
one didn't necessarily work let's try
the forget-me-nots I think he just
fucked up then oh I did I fucked up the
dice robbed but I think purple is the
way to go you just have to not fuck up
the dice roll oh okay fifteen rich is
there any integration integration for
the dice roll no okay but maybe if I
shake them really hard
whew ten oh well then a five five
something oh yeah I've had you're
keeping the three for a second what are
you done
who potentially got this no you don't
know oh I got a six even give it yeah
it's gonna want well I got a fucking
know that I'm just saying a six is a
good roll damn it my problem is still
not self way too steep way too steep
you'll notice that my carriage does not
stop for every distressed traveler along
the way I will try to assist the
distressed woman 14 yea these dice rolls
are not yep Oh boom I'm a first try
that's great please accept this token of
my gratitude I got some food I've got
some fame nice
we're doing great not me not super great
but you know Kyle we're doing kind of
great actions of course have
consequences you cannot think that the
steps you have taken will bring a simple
peace no gobbledygook says my neighbors
said very and husky just killed a
rooster it's a clean carcass should we
bury it throw it in the garbage singe it
in a fire pit burn it an outdoor grill
or fry it and an outdoor walk you can do
whatever you want with your you're dead
rooster and it's all fine by me man I
don't give a shit a lot of that has to
do with how well you know your neighbors
treated the rooster I mean our also they
are they okay with you cooking it or are
you taking it from them unbeknownst to
them there's a lot of questions at 28th
dress says I'm curious do either of you
or any of the other Arlen crew watch the
sci-fi show channel zero if so any
thoughts I I cut the cord a while ago I
don't I haven't I haven't seen the
sci-fi channel in ages
fucking fuck you
besides even even before I cut the cable
i associated sci-fi with low-budget crap
but they would they would produce
sometimes damn Trevor's damn travelers
Casper nuts
but the expanse is superb father there
might be exceptions to the rule like I
associate sci-fi with shit like
sharknado they have brought themself at
the point that's that's what I
associated the channel sharknado
yeah I don't associate them with quality
well-thought-out science fiction yeah I
associate them with a movie about a
tornado made of sharks that's fair
that's fair rich saying saying simply
was produced by the sci-fi channel well
it might be good it's the same thing as
it's the same thing as telling me it
smells like shit interesting try out
this new show called channel zero it
smells like shit you should try this new
show called channel zero it's on the Sci
Fi Channel it smells like shit the same
thing it's the same thing if I've made
some good stuff they've butchered their
reputation they butchered they're
getting it back they're coming back the
Empire has busily fucking noemi's
fantastic creatures from these lands and
yet they leave the nose
give me my winters veined oh they give
me lots of gold all right now the power
is yours to use we can use rathas ire
shit yeah it's a glowing that's a card
it's got colors on it jack yeah that's
unusual we kind of have to use it now
Brown and Sam horses produced by David
Fincher's that's that's the first
positive mine hunter revolves around FBI
agents who interview serial killers in
order to understand how such criminals
think and apply this knowledge to
solving ongoing cases it could be good
these are the choices that make the hero
or the villain a town crier announces
the Empire seeks mercenaries to join the
battle against corruption you seek out
the watchtower where recruitment is
taking place you arrive in time to hear
sir mallow fouls plan to wipe out the
porpoise district the outbreak began
there and we cannot risk bearing any of
their lives says Somali fowl
sir malifaux all the green leaves the
mercenaries to the Pappas district where
the poor and the sick have been walled
off from the rest of the city as you
hear the wailing of the corrupted sir
malla fowl malla fowl gives his command
to charge fight the corrupted or refuse
to kill the paupers which do you do jack
which do you do because it's like the
corrupted it through the zombies right
we don't want them to spread but these
are all some people rich those armies
need to be on everything no I'm not
happy the dirt infected in this I'm not
happy about that zombies do not need to
yeah you know what you know what zombies
are a lazy enemy yeah they're zombies
everyone knows zombies find the proper
place in context they don't belong in
this fantasy setting I don't know I know
man I'm gonna refuse to kill the poppers
so now I have to fight him I'll fight
undead in a fantasy setting we should be
skeletons with swords oh yeah not
zombies yeah I want to fight some
scaling dude it's the first game had
skeletons with swords yeah that
automatically makes it better
Simon Says decide your character to look
like not Siri like not Siri hello I mean
white hair she is white hair shit yeah
this hammer this is only a limited
number of faces to choose from but it's
still better than the first game which
had approximately one face to choose
between right fish him oh I've got a big
ham oh I love the big somebody's saying
they're going with zombies rather than
skeletons because they can't sell a game
with skeletons to the Chinese market I
don't know I don't know I don't know how
true that is
I know they avoided movies skeletons but
I don't know about video games they
avoid they avoid it in movies having
like ghosts yeah well ghost you have a
skeleton ghosts skeletons ghosts
skeletons in in hand
I get some fame I get some food I get a
lot of yeah you know what let's make
camp world of warcraft had to modify the
undead race to not show bones for the
Chinese market really Wow
so we're not gonna get those awesome
skeletons in this game because of fuckin
China that's sickening
yeah I'm all good here
well one big point for hand to fake one
bleep skeletons damn fool yeah I mean
rather fight skeletons obnoxious
foolishness a rustling behind you is all
the warning you get that your life is in
danger you turn as the cords of a
northern bola wrap around your body
wrappers
they had to modify their bone dragon
mounts real how very strange
I love big hammers and also its swing
slower so it actually doesn't make you
like slow down in the game trap over
here you like you like the big slow dumb
weapons I do that is true about me we're
opposites like that Jack never never
much cared for him
frak
Pizza Train we did not we talked about
this a little bit earlier but we didn't
have anything to vote for yesterday
yesterday was midterm elections for a
lot of people but not for our area our
area of Wisconsin search for spoils yes
my coverage sneaks and um yeah big dumb
weapons it is a big dumb weapon I don't
I don't necessarily take that like a
hammer takes no finesse it is meant for
cracking bones just strange cuz usually
I enjoy things that are just want yeah
yeah yeah that's why I like the hammer
well and also like it's it's slow like
it takes a while to swing and so it
actually does make me slow down in the
combat and wait to press the button
Thank You Chad for giving me the tour
for showing me the path to the 20 gold
or maybe maybe blatant some better word
to use because blunts also you know flat
I enjoy things that aren't some that are
not so right
damsel in distress we will try to assist
the distressed woman again back to the
bones I hope you have learned to be
their master I'm gonna make a note when
I play this avoid any any card that has
a dice roll involved right they're awful
in this game they're a little awesome
but I don't think it gobbly gook says
kqca is a television station in Stockton
CA that serves the Sacramento Stockton
Modesto television market the station
run programming from the mind network TV
network and identifies itself as my 58
gothic irks at this point are you just
copying pasting random things from like
Wikipedia for your tips these days
what's going on man what's going on
strange
don't you gone crazy man what pardon
says what gobbledygook just go crazy
gamble who's going crazy
it happens man it happens don't crazy
he's speaking gobbledygook right Huff
Hardin says Jack got lin-manuel made an
album where artists like chance the
rapper did versions of Hamilton songs
called Hamilton mixtape oh I would
probably enjoy that it won't offend me
if you still have no desire to listen
we're adults
yeah like I like the problem is there
are some musicals that I really enjoy
mostly the Disney animated musicals and
like I can get into the song numbers
I've never been to into stage musicals
before and like I know some people who
could just listen to the songs of the
stage musical without seeing the stage
musical and I've never been that person
when I was in high school like you know
rent was the biggest thing in the world
and people were just like listening to
the rent songs why I haven't been
exposed to that many stage musicals well
I'll tell you why because most stage
musicals that are popular are popular
because of their music sure
and even spinning them the wrong way
I'll try spinning up yes but you got to
speed them clockwise reg that's this
that's the key it's the key to women
we gotta make camp again the camping
just gonna restore all the life we can
because I think this is the big bad guy
here I'm looking that's very good you
should give it a chance I will I I guess
what I've been waiting for is sometimes
you know that they'll have like an
official video version of the stage
musical like I'd like to see it and not
just listen to it if I could but you
know you can't get Hamilton tickets
that's not a thing that exists not
particularly big on rap right and I am
so I would probably enjoy it but alright
and defeat the shaman you have prepared
yourself for this battle now you must
face it but not alone perhaps you raise
rathas ire above your head and bring it
down against the magical wall with all
your might the hammer finds its mark and
you are immediately engulfed in a
blizzard of snow and ice the howling
winds spin you this way and that then
vanish as quickly as they had appeared
disoriented you look around for Malaka
lips but he is nowhere to be found
you find your bearings and realize you
are standing in a forest clearing
covered in a newly fallen snow you step
back and bump into something turning you
see a towering northern Klansmen bald
and brutal he has brute strength if
nothing else he does not flinch nor
seems even the slightest bit interested
in you he stands with weapon drawn and
brow lowered you turned to follow his
gaze
shit then you see her sitting on a
throne of wicker and thorns small straw
plighted charms and oddities hanging
from the trees behind her before her
kneel countless Raiders worshiping their
leader and an eerie stillness can you
beat this game or is it unbeatable and
keep going there's something mean like
endless there is an unlockable endless
mode but if it's anything like the first
one I can only presume there is an
ending
yeah there's kind of like a story mode
and then an endlessly yeah
the defender of the defenders of
villages and the exiled one the shaman
says with a hiss she steps down from her
throne with a hiss I know why you have
come I hope you know how to fight hero
says the bald northerner calmly there
are more warriors here than we can kill
to defeat a snake you must cut off its
head oh I think the Wonder is my friend
you ready your weapon as the shaman and
her Klansmen surround you some
respawning enemies until you kill the
shaman great that's my presumption I
think that's a fine assumption and try
to keep an eye on my friend
that's a great voice I'm feeling it I'm
feeling it so that's the show man
Michelle ma'am yeah
oh fuck you I did you get a shield the
blocks those that would be great keep
that and stay on the shaman stay on the
shaman stay on the shaman that's your
friend I know I'm actually providing the
guy off of my friend wait friend your
friend divil his own ship maybe you
can't know your friends at full health
Oh is he oh he's fine well he did just
took a hit now he's nothing back she's
almost dead yeah I'm on her she's got
the killing blow thing I got it I got it
I got her I got her I did it but you
didn't do it what the stylish killing
what I did I picked her up and I threw
her with my hammer oh nevermind I'm
ready yeah whoo
I did it the shamans body withers as a
dark spirit leaves her chest and
vanishes into the air the remaining
Raiders flee into the forest as the
skies clear the Sun beams down on the
colossal warrior that had fought
alongside you I am cold Jordan he
explains I was born into the northern
clans bottom clan list now you do not
know us but we were not always like this
perhaps one day clans will return
producing Daniels you have befriended
cured yarn The Wanderers all right now
obviously drunk gobbledygook so sing
just another Thomas Jefferson donation
read by rich and/or Jack to further the
art of arting all the early arts that
art can possibly art stay clean test
yourself often and don't pet strangers
obviously drunk you know that's a sound
advice though that's sound advice even
sometimes drunk advice is sound advice
another card returns to my deck do not
worry I have more challenges before you
will be pretty much speaking envelope
so many different gifts
Jethro's ire
or befriend n'cole Bjorn old yarn Jack
have you ever met anybody that could
speak Klingon no okay
I don't even know of anyone who could
speak Klingon no yeah not even Mike huh
not even Mike no that's a that's another
best that's a sad level never see that
what was that was the documentary called
just called trekker
rookies Trekkies yeah those are sad
people in that no like Star Trek but you
know I can't let these things take over
your life it's it's one thing like like
let's say you're a dentist yeah if
you've ever seen Trekkies and you decide
to make your entire office the Star Trek
dental office like that's a gimmick
uh-huh that's a shit dip and like that's
a business decision like I bet some
people would love that and my dentist is
super into Star Trek he's crazy
right right right to take the time to
learn Klingon to take the time yes learn
a foreign language that is of no concern
about Valley shuttle rides you could
have spent that time and learned Spanish
and probably got a promotion at your job
because they need people who can
translate every job does learn Spanish
it's super important you suppose
discovery even bothers with keeping it
accurate making shit up I haven't seen
any discovery I mean at this point
everybody I'm sure is making shit up
right it's a fake language rich one
thing they do that's that's realistic
yeah but actually kind of irritating all
the King on Klingon speak with subtitles
at all times
oh really yeah that's an interesting
decision they don't do the helpful thing
that's helpful for the audience and they
just they just speak English we we kind
of understand they would really be
speaking and Klingon but now we can
understand what they say so you have to
basically read all of the Klingon
dialogue
how do a realistic Jack how do the
humans hear them I don't think there's
usually that much interaction when there
are that the Klingons will speak in
English okay but hasn't happened often I
wonder I wonder if that's gonna come
into play later where if when we're with
the humans we hear them speak Klingon
and then we don't understand them
because like they're they're betraying
us or something
yes that's true drivers they didn't talk
very slowly yes and they talk and
breathe slow one of these days I'll get
around to discovery I haven't been that
motivated to watch it I'm horribly
uninterested whenever there's a Klingon
on screen horribly uninterested
preparing the rusty razor it's rough to
understand Klingon and watch Discovery
why is there is the pronunciation just
terrible wait when does it take place
before before like next gen thank know
that well take place like 10 years or so
before the original series maybe oh well
then the Klingons should be about the
same I was thinking like if it was a
hundred years Klingon like with the
dialogue I got different but yeah just
ten years it's fine yeah that's what I
think about it all yeah and see what I
could do just to kind of like build up
some stuff I could do one of these
challenges again like I could do the
magician again even though it's golden
and I've beaten it but I could choose
new cards new encounters I don't think I
want to do that though I'm gonna try
this High Priestess one again it's just
the dialogue is delivered incredibly
slowly yeah because you have a bunch of
actors who are speaking what is to them
just gibberish
oh okay
so by the way there are specific
encounters that come with your
companions okay so while I have
Metalocalypse you gotta get rid of the
Malacca lips I doubt the northern I can
offer you cards Intel because you get
obviously you can't do Malacca lapses
stuff when he's not around but I like
this northerner guy I'm gonna hang out
with him isn't Orville just an hour of
McFarlane jokes crammed into your week
here's the thing about Orville which I
still need to watch more I only watched
about four episodes very few jokes Oh
has it gotten less jokey yes that's
great news for better or worse it's
really just Seth MacFarlane's attempt to
steal Star Trek because Star Trek isn't
doing anything with Star Trek
I'm asked someone be okay with this I'm
absolutely okay with this if someone
does it right but I've only watched like
four four episodes or so of the Orville
by now that's quite good yeah and I kind
of gave up after I forget what Jeff said
was my last like it was uh everything as
long as mcfarland is an on screen and
they don't make modern-day pop-culture
references I'm okay with the show mm-hmm
it's a parody but it's so good it's a
parody that's not really a parody it's
we're stealing Star Trek the Orville is
not a parody the Orville is not a parody
at all fine sir or madam but I fucking
hate Seth MacFarlane well so far he's
the worst thing about the Orville I
would absolutely believe that the
Orville's fatal flaw to date as what
I've seen is that he is the central
character him him casting himself as the
captain it's probably the biggest
mistake that show is made
I can yep I could absolutely see that
like the drunken helmsman on the show
should have been Seth MacFarlane if he
was gonna be on the show that's kind of
party should play yeah I think that's a
that's a great suggestion yeah I think
that's taught list so send him a message
mm-hm come on man someone like Joel
McHale and the captain's are all sure
but even joma joma kale is too jokey
each one will hone your skills well you
know who really work for obviously it
would never happen the Apple under
proper guidance link on his fucking name
for no good reason
what's his face from guardians I have
Bratton yeah yeah he would work he'd be
great I mean he's a movie guy oh he's a
movie guy he's stirring and yeah in four
hundred million dollar movies yeah he's
not coming back to tonight he's not
coming back to TV but he would be a fine
captain choice for the who Chris Pratt
so the question is who's TV's Chris
Pratt I mean Chris Pratt was at one
point TVs Chris oh sure
so who is TVs Chris Pratt that's
probably oh who's that who's the guy
from who's the guy from the new girl no
I mean Nathan Fillion could probably do
a good job he'd be he'd be a decent
captain Nathan Fillion David Letterman
is an aged cynical captain David
Letterman should do a cameo as an
admiral I was gonna say the same thing
David Letterman is an admiral yeah yeah
girl the hero new girl just called new
girl what's his name this guy Jake Jake
Johnson see this is that picture of the
guy you okay yes you recognize him this
guy here that's a bigger picture he's on
a show called new girl he's been like a
small bit parts and movies Jake Johnson
would be great as a captain pick up he
is TVs Chris Pratt all right back to hey
let's get back to the game
he's a little too sticky but I've seen
him do some more yeah Jake I think
they'd rather we talk about starship I
fucking know I can play and talk that's
fine I can play and talk isn't Chris
Pratt TVs Chris Pratt not anymore not
anymore not for those days years gone
not for quite a long time of friends and
even when he was TVs Chris Pratt he
wasn't like Chris Pratt you know Chad
are you sure about this gotcha
that's that's a high percentage I'm
thinking it's this one I think it's four
all right why are you going for why do
you go for Jack oh I was right you were
both right he were both right Chad we
did it whoo take it
ah take it
no turn back I need more blessings that
black opportunity for you Nikko Colossus
hey guys hope you're both having a good
about your day my very important
question would you consider yourself
more of a hack or a fraud hack probably
a hack I try I do try to live my life
fraud free and try to be yeah the
realest version of me but I definitely I
can hack it up so yeah I'll be a hack
what's the worst Star Trek episode ever
the boxer from Star Trek Voyager hands
down
it's the boxer from Star Trek voice hey
it's shades of grey that's the clip
episode from TNG oh well that doesn't
even good as physical if I know I know
that doesn't even count a lot of last
season one of the ng the boxer from Star
Trek Voyager is the correct answer
warp warp salamander episode of Voyager
you know ie warp salamander has some
redeeming qualities to vixx I don't know
if that's the worst episode or just the
most horrifying I think it's a decent up
so just horror the way it ends it's
horrifying
it's not an ending it's just tragic
it's a tragedy you know what a tragedy
can be engaging rich people stop all the
time if there's an accident on the road
or they slow down to look space hippie
episode of the original series I've
always found obnoxious the space hippies
want to go to the planet even original
series is a blur I've only I only have a
few in my brain the way to Eden yep well
space hippies you know
anything with space hippies is awful
it's enough Spock's brain is infamous
but me personally I can't stand the
space hippies they're so irritating
Oh Cole Bjorn and and into darkness does
not count as an episode if it did it
would be the worst
I despise first contact for turning star
trekkin - locking and making money and
now Star Trek's just gonna be dumb SH
lock it exit it kick started the the
lowest-common-denominator Trek action
movies action movies blow shit up action
movies and it also ruined the Borg not
that I thought the Borg should have
showed up much after best of both worlds
but first contact ruined then
conceptually the hive mind became the
Queen and her zombies which was so much
less interesting yeah I agree I am
we are getting an amazing little
backstory for Kobe or in here by the way
and then you try to go from the horror
story of the zombies taking over the
enterprise this serious awful core movie
and then you try to do cutesy shit on
earth with Zefram Cochrane and it just
does not match at all
I fucking hate first contact
five or six
look none of the TNG movies were good
Oh
oh no oh dang it what I'd misunderstood
I misunderstood what what Coburn was
offering how if I would have known that
I would only rear old one I didn't
understand Cole Cole Bjorn as a
companion yeah it can offer you an extra
die in your role ah but I didn't
understand that and I thought I'd be
able to reroll more than just hey you
can only reroll one no no you still
reroll yours the same but then at the
end he can offer you a fourth die to
roll one okay so okay I failed I failed
at my Cole Bjorn mission but I'm
understanding more now which is part you
know this is part of the process this is
all part of the game is sometimes you
just have to take a moment and figure
out what the mission is supposed to be
I did burn my one blessing unfortunately
no chat nothing is worse than Attack of
the Clones but that doesn't really
relate to the TNG movies
Chadd for whatever whatever problems
Star Trek insurrection has it at least
feels like you're watching Star Trek The
Next Generation it has problems
sure look what some with some rewriting
insurrection is a average to below
average TNG two-parter it's like a it's
like a season six two-parter sure but it
feels like TNG first contact and nemesis
and generations do not I can be with you
anyway it was your actions that
necessitated these additions to the game
you understand I knew you were
approaching and tailored things around
your last for fame
yeah ascension great
I think the characterization feels off
with insurrection look at screaming the
card and first contact
yeah first contact sex there's a lot of
first contact that's really bad Borg
Queen being a moment
sexy borg queen
ooh optionally retry any chance card
game bit nice I got one blessing
have any good weapons
I will make them pay for what I have
done yes
agreed bad hour had good reason to be
emotional
he'd been assimilated I don't recall him
ripping Hugh's head off at the end of
Eyeborg
play but he had the opportunity there to
kill them all and he didn't do it
because he was being written in
character in that episode
those are the worst
I'm the fourth 20 rcent serious question
do you consider yourselves more of a hat
or a frog worth the $2 even you've been
hanging out with gobbledygook like I'm
not even gonna read gobbledygook next to
it I'm just not even gonna read it I am
if God was a cook's as drunk you let him
express himself God Jesus I wanted to
stick up for you man gosh dang it I
tried I tried to stick up for him hard
tree fucker says I recently watched the
ds9 episode with O'Brien in mind prison
mind prison yep they give him like
memories of being in prison but they
don't actually put him in prison oh my
as is kind of horrific but they give him
all sorts of trauma sure I really liked
it but forgot about the part with him
putting the phaser to his head feels odd
to sweep that under the rug for next
week well yeah yeah they don't put him
in prison but they they give him like
memories of like a life imprisonment
that's crazy yeah
that's crazy yeah that's great
but oh god what's happening
that wasn't bad what have we got that
was not bad oh yeah it's too late I know
I lost it immediate don't don't worry I
lost it and you you hand back up back up
this is actually something I really
appreciate cuz I lost it the second it
moved the second it moved I lost it huge
failure we will use our guardian angel
and redraw oh that's a nice one that's
in this one too then we're set what he
gives you know that's it's a good thing
in this one I think I know which one
this one is I have my thoughts on which
one this one is why why don't I go from
50 to zero how can one lose I guess they
revote it'd better well as it calculates
everything every time someone votes yeah
but I went from once I went to zero
it shouldn't be possible unless
somebody's taking away their vote yeah
this look at this 31 31 31
wow I think it's this one damn it damn
it
try to make a call didn't work out too
great
probably yeah that's camp let's you know
what we've been camp get some help back
there we go that'll waste that'll get us
moving in the right direction
with their episode of voyage and Neelix
died or M was depressed because he
didn't go to Neelix's heaven like his
religion taught him he would yes and
it's a kind of a fantastic episode it's
one of the few good Voyager he doesn't
go to the friendly forest Jack he just
sees nothing right and he gets super
depressed I think I remember this
discuss the latest rumors yeah
the innkeeper tells you that a recent
cheese festival has kept the in busy and
his covers full mortal coil yes the name
of the episode thank you
the movies are like the pay-per-view
where something actually happens oh my
god not only I said a wrong opinion but
they're equated Star Trek to like WWE
you you who said that you want what is
wrong with Star Trek Richie's calling
you out mother fuck it up with things
blow up goddamnit
everything sucks yes sometimes it's nice
when those things blow up but you know
you don't need that all the time
Star Trek pushing the Pro atheist agenda
hell yeah it's one of the things that
makes Star Trek interesting
okay what that we don't have any idea
okay who did who that what that yes the
mrs. Hoggett pick up the sir that on the
way home uh usual and to get eggs Jack
you've to get eggs Oh mad eggs I got
excited for a second oh fuck
because it was about eggs I can tell you
where to get really good eggs
atheism is retarded it's okay to stop at
agnosticism but it's not a contradiction
think about what has been lost simply to
grant you comfort atheism just means
that you don't believe it doesn't
necessarily mean there is no God just
means I don't believe in a god

you can be both atheist and an agnostic
most people who call themselves atheist
are both
no atheist versus agnosticism discussion
please I'm done with that we already had
that look I'm not I'm not treating you
people with complete kid gloves oh I
can't let agnostic s-- agnostics
believes there could be a guy well there
could be I can't I can't disprove the
existence of a God but I don't believe
in one which makes me an atheist there
I'm I don't believe and yet there could
be so I am both an atheist and an
agnostic there's there's some what I
call that a Venn diagram there's some
crossover yeah yeah atheism and
agnosticism
essentia has done it's best to purge
magic from within its borders but there
are many who practices beyond
look if rich Evan was talking about how
he doesn't believe threatens your
beliefs in some way hey maybe your
beliefs not that strong I don't know I
don't know rich you can be pretty
persuasive sometimes you once told me
about this sci-fi show that wasn't so
good but having much care for
thoughts and prayers Jack that's a
thought that stake doesn't phrase Oh
sickening all right all right I'm glad
people like that joke but I think that
that would joke works out well oh yeah
and plus two to each of your dice during
at the dice game but that's a great
blessing to get that's super awesome
twenty-eight the dress said did Charlie
Sheen do it did he did he this is
something new going on
if if the it in question is cocaine than
yes beyond that I don't know what's
going on with Charlie Sheen but if the
answer if the question is did he do
cocaine is he doing cocaine currently
the answer is probably yes
Charlie Sheen really likes cocaine which
soul weapons perhaps both will fulfill
you had a religious skirmish
and mountains you see that it is already
occupied from your viewing angle you
noticed that the bridge structure has
been damaged with luck you may be able
to knock out one of the supports with a
thrown object causing the bridge to
collapse grab the book says rich
Gallagher's thanks so much for knowing
one to read and when not to
haha it was a test all along you are a
man among men walking tall with a plan I
salute you good sir good night
fare thee well see you next tip that's
that's my dream oh my god what is this
the pendulum swings like a scythe baring
hope what do I want my guess would be
blue poorly done what did i fuse you
will and find the quiet stillness inside
you
I don't know that's entirely new right
and whose face is rich I know you're not
the biggest fan of Voyager but what are
your thoughts on the emergency medical
hologram
I think Robert Ricardo Robert Picardo
was one of the best things on that show
si si he was and and here's the thing
with Voyager when the most interesting
character on your show is a fucking
hologram imitation of a person your show
has problems
true that
brute at-rich no Robert Picardo is great
the doctor was great he had you know why
he had a thing Oh get a nice thing
Tiberius I'm not trying to put down
Robert Ricardo I'm trying to put down
everyone else on that show not
necessarily the actors but at least the
writers the writers let them down that
was the that was the real the fear of
real failing but Kate Mulgrew who could
have been such a good captain she was
there were times but they they just
didn't ever have times when she was a
good Kemp they did not have the writing
for her yes agree well and like just you
needed the right showrunner you needed
the the you needed the captain is a show
to lead the writers in the right
direction yes but I kept on yeah yeah so
by the way for certain items in your
inventory you need a certain level of
Fame okay so like like Chakotay look I'm
sure that the Chakotay actor did not go
to the the writers and say make me as
lame as possible
what if okay okay here's my idea here's
I here's what I'm gonna pitch to you as
the actor what if we took like the
lamest most racist parts of Native
American culture and just threw those
right at the forefront of the show could
we do that guys that's how I'd like to
play it what an episode where I have to
go on a Vision Quest yeah yeah okay okay
so I know this guy got hurt on a planet
what if I know uh stuff about natural
healing cuz like Native Americans know
that stuff right
all right I am I'm the captain of this
Maquis crew of criminals how about I
just come on to the crew of wager and I
just act like I've always been a
Starfleet crewman and there's no
conflicts going on on at all whatsoever
and everything's hunky-dory between the
two different crews okay okay
we'll make it so your character is not
only the captain of this rebel ship but
was at one point in Starfleet what do
you think about that click done Prince
it's already happening
hi I play Harry Kim would it be okay if
my character absolutely nothing ever
like maybe the subs I could no no chat
you are choosing poorly you are choosing
very poorly chat yeah the problem with
Voyager it's not the cast it's the
writing and it's not having a showrunner
who knew what a direction and a vision
for what that series needed to be and
where it needed to go yep
fuck
it's getting harder getting harder to
choose
no I like that now go play your clarinet
that's gonna be your character thing you
play the clarinet I thought it was
number three as well nice a good outfit
yeah we'd like to see the potential of
God's bringing that around
I lost a blessing if you can force them
from your deck and into your hands did
you lose the card I did I lost the
blessing that's what I'm saying I don't
know why I lost a blessing the way did
you win the card thing I lose the card
thing I won the card thing was it not an
epic win it was just a regular win and
then I lost a blessing oh sorry
yep
okay here's here's a colored card I was
special like rainbow hologram card
Raiders have destroyed our village the
other explains in a hushed voice they
were searching for this he draws a
weapon with from his cloak and hens it
to you oh yeah mighty warrior then no
shut up Hertha's ire you need twenty
fame oh but I get eight fame great
digital foil cards look at it yeah I
know it's weird it doesn't fit I like it
though there doesn't fit that's a that's
a card collector thing is this the
design of the cards is the old timey and
that ruins that it's magic yeah yeah
yeah alright if I can get if I can get
my I hit my hands on some Fame I can
have my super awesome hammer now the
confrontation are you ready to face yes
death of her people nope no cannot the
deal the Empire has requested I am not
aware you turn and flee I turned and
flee because I don't have the blessings
and you know that because you're the
computer these families voyage needed
more cleavage seven I Got News for you
it's great that you got those but honey
the uniforms bring back the miniskirts
people TNG Troi and Beverly aerobics
best episode ever
no no there are no miniskirts in TNG
yeah but the men would watch season 1 in
order in order to make it ok that's
right they tried to excuse it by having
some of the background dudes wearing
miniskirt they're unisex because it's
the future and we're progressive I
remember that I fucking loved that and I
fucking love that I know I guess Troy
did have Troy had the cleavage when
she had the booth window
all right everybody ready for a card
everybody ready to pay attention to some
cards
help me out here help me out with this
market thief I know which one I think it
is I'll call it up before I choose it oh
this is all this is split this is real
split yeah it's real split what do you
want were your feelings
well I'm why don't wait till people are
done voting first so I don't contaminate
oh my god it's absolutely split all
right here we go here we go oh my god
it's getting worse
no it's almost a four-way split so far
three is the winner okay I thought this
is - it's not gonna be fair now because
I think people are just gonna start
voting - to fuck with you I think that
it's for you going for well ok you guys
we're gonna try again try again it was -
I was the one it was the unpopular one
Wow everyone really just screwed the
pooch there man right
get it together ever you all you all
shit the bed on that one except for them
like a few people actually good had a
small number people actually do their
shit ok oh we got a clear winner this
time we got a clear winner yeah nice you
did it nice job chat you've been chasing
this market thief for oh there's another
one oh shit there's another one
we're paying attention that time I don't
think so I I don't have a foreshore but
my odds on favorite I think is number
four
okay it was to win and to loss right
when one mega loss and one mega loss so
no matter what I got a close I think a
win went on top than it did the first
shuffle and then I'm going what for
oh it was - - for sure for was nice one
rich nice one I leap over the rolling
apples tackle of a thief to the ground
if you let me keep these items and let
me go I'll let you in on a secret
well yeah I want to know a secret
think of it as an investment Jordan
Joseph Fernandez in the chances finally
caught a stream rich I've always
wondered what is your favorite film see
that's that's a hard one to answer
what's your favorite food
no right what are you in the mood for I
could start listing films I really like
any of which could be my favorite
depending about what kind of mood I'm in
I think I like last year within the last
- you know this is an all-time question
oh this is totally all time implications
a Fight Club aliens Robocop Raiders of
the Lost Ark fury fucking Road
Star Trek 2 is great the Empire Strikes
Back is great house not the Empire
Strikes Back it's and it's just not I'm
sorry it is one of the best movies that
fell all time flies are running but it's
not it's not the clear-cut favorite not
your competition shit like Ghostbusters
right
alright we're gonna try this blessed
summit but I only have three out of six
blessings big trouble a little China is
in the mix you still have a chance to
defeat this mission even if imperfectly
oh stop it
wonder if rich likes any arty movies do
you count dark city yeah dark city is a
pretty Hardy movie ok dark city that
counts will allow it
Ramones is out there I don't know if it
makes a top ten if I had to make like it
top-10 list of favorite movies sure sure
what's up there hmm
back to the future yes see this there's
too many
it's back to the future in great
up oh nice wall-e The Incredibles can I
can I separate the first half of Full
Metal Jacket from the rest of Full Metal
Jacket nope
cuz the first half of Full Metal Jacket
yes the second half no really yeah you
know it kind of works together once once
the emery is out of the running that
that that movie is just it's just dead
to me
no no it all works together man it all
works the other liamri is great the
drill sergeant yes memory is but no no
the second half is is what elevates it
man
Urmi all right well I'm getting it wrong
I'm sorry how dare you with a humble
hammer I love this part I love this part
of the game more stuff more things I
love cars I love cards actual drill
sergeant that's true that's true about
him originally it was just gonna be a
consultant oh yeah he lobbied Cubert for
the actual part he said he eventually
sent Kubrick of you work Kubrick Kubrick
thank you a tape of him just improving
drill sergeant lines while people were
pelting him with oranges and he just he
did not miss a beat sure that's great
that's great you have done well you
understand the basic rules oh look oh
look worried we haven't even scratched
the surface Reggie will change she's
great
great
just wanna give me an uptown
yep time he was supposed to train the
actor that was going to play the certain
sure sure
and then he probably like met a couple
actors and was like fuck this don't
worry guys I got it
up dog
oh that's awful so even though I
defeated the the physical challenge at
the end the combat challenge at the end
I did not you need to collect six
blessings so you don't get to move on so
well I can move on but like that that
doesn't count as completed because I
faced my challenges only three blessings
I'm sorry fuck yeah yeah my bad my bad
do we have an exclamation point up dog
I don't think we do but we kind of need
one
the physical challenge like Doubleday I
you know whatever the combat the combat
challenge
oh I I don't know if I want to hop into
another one okay so are you thinking
about winding down here I know we're
just under four hours have I played our
mellow on stream it's a board game card
game mashup that's pretty good I have
not played it on stream I have played it
myself and it's an interesting board
game not anything I got terribly into
and I don't think it would work well on
stream normally I'd hound you to go for
but I've had a longer stay right so well
and you know we're close enough by with
reading of the names we'll all right
we'll hit the four it'll be a light for
I'm fine with it I'm fine Sparty nine
one one two says yes did you guys see
that the blizzard CEO said that the loot
boxes in heroes and overwatch weren't a
part of the problem or something like
that very good at half remembering
things I am a fraud - I did I did see
the Rockstar was recently giving a
speech to its company shareholders and
what not be ready and they renamed it
they're not they're not calling them
microtransactions anymore they they were
it was something like did you see that
the term no I don't I didn't what is
this it was a term that they were using
for their investors and it was something
like um pahnke jiggers no because they
were talking about like renewable
customers renewable consumables or
something like that it was oh they're
just like we walk you know we are no
longer we no longer want to go after the
we no longer want to go after just the
game sales we're going after renewable
consumers right right renewable
consumables and oh yeah and it was just
like basically we're trying to just
figure out a way to squeeze as much
money Rick oh thank you thank you load
um recurrent consumer spending yep
recurrent consumer spending I'm a
recurrent consumable that was rock star
that was rocks
I am now terrified of Red Dead
Redemption
yeah as you should be yeah as you should
be yeah you know I I it loot boxes are
one of those things where as for me as
long as they are cosmetic they're not
gonna bother me and they are not going
away that's where Blizzard is making
their money yeah it's not in game sales
it's in the loop box spending that's
what people want and it's one of those
things if someone wants to spend the
money on loot boxes I've bought a few
loot boxes I'm okay with it because I've
sunk in enough hours in the game
somebody's saying not Rockstar it was
take to publishing don't they own
Rockstar I think it's the same people
it changes very little yeah GTA online
made more money than the sales right
look as long as the shit sticks to the
multiplayer component yeah and they
leave my single player gaming alone I'm
okay I'm okay with that it's not my
problem
well it's like even if a company wants
to do pay for win right like then
hopefully people will know not to buy
the game why would you play a game that
was pay to win exactly transformers is a
very popular film fan trip franchise
rich I can't explain yeah the people I
can't explain the people rich
XCOM is published by take-two and and if
they implemented microtransactions into
XCOM single player I I would be upset
currently that's not an issue for X come
alright pardon me guys
but triple-a gaming has been moving
towards this for years now yeah and
they'd have done it sooner if they
thought they could have yeah and oh my
god that would be terrible tramble
increase your hit percent for only 399
right right
all right that's exactly something if
the wrong company had X come are you
sick of your shot percentages being so
low you buy a shot percentage booster
pack but the big issue comes were they
focus on return on investment and don't
make another XCOM hmm
yeah well triple-a gaming this is it's
dying it's turning into shit no shit
fortunately indie devs seem to be a
thing they come with their own issues
and the devs I know that sometimes shit
doesn't even get finished but right vote
with your wallet
unfortunately the lowest common
denominator will fuck you over you can
you can not pay for any of these loot
boxes there's gonna be enough dumb
jackasses out there doing it they don't
give a shit about you not doing it I
thought we weren't going to get
political now no too soon okay too soon
Watson Parish track lots of fashion
about some prayers
no it's been fine it's been you know
what it's been fine we still oh there's
plenty of games to play there's still
plenty of games to play this check trunk
again no but we could use one they could
use sometimes we could do you've got a
little bit of a little bit of help just
a little bit though prayer for insert
city here thank you jack Turgut Reis
thank you did alright you did it the
torture actually is not up on this it's
up I put I did oh okay okay I was
thinking it
I was thinking ahead so now is the time
in the stream in which we thank all the
people who have subscribed to us during
this this stream is very I'm pretty okay
with hand to fate to so far I know we're
only a few hours yeah but if anyone
wants a before we get to this my for our
recommendation is thumbs up okay that
could change but for hours in Theodore J
hooker who has subscribed to us for 38
motherfucking months in a row and
Theodore J hooker says my opinion might
waver based on whether or not I ever see
if I think skeleton in this game how
important is that to you rich that's
going to the infected are so fucking
lame so fucking lame we've hit the point
where we're done with them but yeah yeah
in fact we hit that point like four
years ago and people are still catching
up all right humberto Cabbage Patch 434
fucking months in a row says oh my god
plain Ernie who says Jack the hack made
me purchase hand of fate 1 now I'll
probably buy two as well well so far
it's pretty nice
grim flamingo we do Lord 420 I don't
know what I was expecting at the end
there may not subtlety
and I smoke lots of pot all the time pot
pot pot is my number one pot the real
net boy for 19 months in a row says 449
million two hundred and forty-eight
thousand seconds in a row thank you
mmm roasting mo keep e85 441
motherfucking months in a row sweet
Jesus that's current highest I've seen
says hey wreckers hey insert funny quip
here about being subbed for 41 months
happy anniversary
thank you thank you very much thank you
very much eat as long a subscription
that's that's that's a long a
subscription man eat my sandwich
Fraulein macaws mnek for 28 fucking
months in a row who says I have earned
this token John Elway's teeth this is
Jack where are you at with The Witcher
you fuck on a unicorn yet is that all
people care about is that why it's
getting its best game ever 10 out of 10
because you fuckin a unicorn well
hearing about get to choose who you fuck
on a unicorn wait you get to choose who
you fuck on the unicorn it's not like
there's one and her fuck scene is Ani
you look like I think I think you have
to like woo the right lady and find the
unicorn I have not I haven't had sex
with anyone or thing yet from former
laugh-in
but in the game in the game I think I'm
close
it's obviously you have children was
something about it last you saw me I'm
probably about 10
after that I still don't know who Tris
is I'm no closer to finding yennefer the
mystery of Tris that's what that's a big
question if he was mine who oh who are
you gonna choose is it gonna be yet
afore a truce and I was like who the
fuck is I've done I've done more things
I just haven't done apparently the truce
things yet but we need some kind of
video about you finally finding well
I'll have to play it on stream again and
apparently fine truce and then and then
it'll be just a big like oh that's her I
guess you know it won't be a big deal
Hania fortress I think I do think on
track track that Tris is a lie I think
this is a remove skeleton situation
where people are making it like she's
gonna be an old hag that I meet in the
forest and people like hahaha
who'd you choose yennefer the old hag
trysts so anyway uncle of lies who says
i have a joke for you guys knock knock
who's there
rich rich who that's Hollywood
I don't get it uncle of Lies like any
punch line right now that involves
Hollywood has to involve groping
harassing molesting or tax havens
culture we're in right now those are the
those are the big things coming out of
Hollywood at the moment you need one of
those things if Hollywood is your
punchline get together soon or sit down
and I said I read I can't believe it
because you guys are the best keep it up
twist if sermon for 16 months in a row
that's for 13 months in a row row who
says Jeff Goldblum yeah I mean first of
all right Stu pocalypse for 13 months in
a rose as you hack frauds put a smile on
my face thank you welcome movie Boozer
Mario Mario 42 for 40 fucking months in
a row it's not as impressive as 41 Thank
You Marv thank you very much so I can
self promote slightly for charity
I made a breath of the wild soup bowl
set for the desert bus for Hope event
that starts next week bid on that shit
chat well yeah when it's when it's time
give us a link man Mario Mario will
probably be streaming around then can
you link it up and that's fine for
charity link it up for charity are we
monsters because we've never done a
charity stream somebody I said left a
comment I'm one of the YouTube videos so
you guys looked it up you guys never did
a charity stream to monsters or
something like that
oh yeah are we are weak horrible because
we haven't done that
I don't think so I mean fuck
we might be monsters for completely
unrelated reasons okay
now you know I do my to my charity thing
for myself we can do a charity stream I
have nothing against exactly we're not
we're not exactly big enough we're not
gonna bring in like $40,000 for charity
right also you know you know what else I
worry about well and this is me
overthinking it completely is I do see a
lot of people do charity streams almost
as a form of self-promotion
yeah and I don't want to be like like oh
you're only doing the charity stream for
self-promotion and then I would feel
guilty about any sort of viewer benefit
we would get from a charity stream and
so it's like and that's just me way
overthinking I do my own charity thing
is is the best charity done quietly I
think that I think so yeah I mean you
know you tell people you know the hunger
task force is what I do there's agree
there's a great there's a great day
you're telling people here in the water
fee oh shit that's what is food it's
food for people who need food so that's
what I do
the Glo key I was like the gun like D
o'clock or do or die Glocke the red epic
right ho Jeeves right oh geez
says hey guys always happy to hit the
subscribe button each month the question
for rich are you a fan of the works of
PJ Roadhouse you seemed to immediately
understand the illusion in my handle
when I first subscribes thanks for all
you do I'm sorry but no right ho Jeeves
it's like it's just like a thing yeah
that's something you just saying timey
thing I know jeans apparently that comes
from PJ whoa okay okay sorry
Darkwing schmuck who says with Justice
League just around the corner I got to
thinking
isn't Zach Snyder in a no-win situation
with this movie if it sucks all the
blame will fall on him mm-hmm if it
defies all odds as even somewhat
watchable Joss Whedon will get all the
credit
yes and probably for good reason in all
honesty I think Zack Snyder's earned
earned that Joss Whedon know by just
being terrible with the other one oh you
think he earned his infamy yes I earned
that infamy
yeah well no this is the best case
scenario for Zack Snyder honestly he
still gets paid he still gets paid but
this was his only opportunity to step
away with even a little bit of dignity
yeah with with the bad critical
reception of the first one and it
underperforming you can only imagine
that Justice League would continue that
trend okay
okay which means that he would then be
the captain of a sinking ship he bowed
away and allowed allowed Warner Brothers
to fix his fuck up in any way possible
this was the best get well the best case
scenario for us would be that he never
made those moves but the best case
scenario for him was to walk away with
at least some dignity okay yeah okay
yeah either way he's not gonna get much
of the credit for it succeeding and if
it succeeds have shared the credit tough
shit yeah yeah the other movie should
have been crap I'm sorry he's a terrible
filmmaker
Zeca gone turd smuggler 44 says really
nice since about five months but really
been watching since its inception keep
up the great work and remember your
mother's a bitch hey mother's a bitch
you have to stand up awkwardly every
time you say that um here's a here's a
drunken shout-out God looks for 39
motherfucking months in a row
who says lol fuck my DC Universe
for the vs words for you fucks cock
that's gone mad he's gone absolutely
crazy to be fair we've never played DC
Universe up money I'm okay with that era
bus and aether for 17 months in a row
Ryan from Michigan for 13 months in a
row says sounds like you needed some
cock taint misbehavin nice tommcatt 2096
I sent dents of birth says we all have
to you know where our achievements on
our sleeve do we do we this is 20 years
later and Saturn Bomberman is still a
blast have either of you played it no
fun fact Saturn Bomberman 1eg M's
multiplayer game of the year beating off
Mario 64 and Goldeneye history has
probably not looked on that kindly
that's the time
Queen of the One Ring says monthly
reminder to Prime members that they have
to manually resub thanks for the
entertainment boys thank you for
reminding people so we don't have to
feel like horrible sellouts that you
have to resub scribe if you choose us to
subscribe to Ramazan prime jesse YC
bunga Doug 438 mother fucking months in
a row says 38:38 pull and plate
sometimes feel I'm much too late
stringer dancer ship and shades prereq
gave me fucking
that's some true bean poetry I sensed it
I sensed it in there
I'd stand up but I'd laugh a laptop
whatever Wells and the green screen over
here you can't do that bit you can't
stop clapping before you get up you have
to clap and get up and I couldn't do it
yeah boob dud yep arcticus rex for 14
months in a row who says where's the
beef I get old man reference I get old
man reference Hogg's modding HL along
boy Paul Kersey architect dr. strong
Esquire who says the pressure is too
much maybe I'll think of something
better to say after something more
impressive than three months yeah time
to think about midnight Andy for 25
fucking months in a row dive hood oh
sorry not dive deflate a mouse yes
excellent tick reference man tequila's
13 months in a row says patient there's
probably an anticipated yeah yeah I get
it I like it
Oliver MD who says evening gents they
say third time's a charm so here I am
again with a message for my bet for my
friend beef hey beef why did you have to
buy sonic forces I mean come on now man
just why thanks as usual guys you're
welcome
machine gun funk for 19 months in a rose
is Jack yep really enjoyed your drunk
chicken dance
on the last best of the worst thanks for
the laughs the chicken van
I have a bit and it's not even a bit
it's it's the worst bit in the world and
it comes out when I've been drinking
it's my who dad bitch it's a character
it's a character I made up one day while
very very drunk with friends and it's if
the character is just someone who puts
their thumbs in their armpits and goes
who dat and that's it that's the extent
of the character and J loves to remind
me of that character J and and Josh
loved to remind me of my who dat
character especially while drinking
because I get a kick out of it and so it
wasn't chicken dance there's me just go
oh damn because that's what I do
so shut Fox says cells within cells
interlinked I get reference rich won't
get referenced yet sis Sperling Alex
station for 14 months in a row says
hashtag more pub G nope um it's it's
it's out of my system down until he
changes his mind completely out of my
system until he changes his mind James
oh wait says Jack can you run down your
diet again for meme how do you stave off
hunger between meals lots of water
carbonated water diets super simple of
protein vegetable beans for breakfast
protein vegetable beans for lunch
protein vegetable beans for dinner
that's it full of beans I'm full of
beans and surprisingly not gassy you do
that six days a week one day a week you
have to choose the day ahead of time you
eat whatever the fuck you want
do you take a pill because I have not
heard or smelt anything
no you've been on this diet I do not if
you do have gas problems I they
recommend be no I do not
gasps problems mostly because I go on a
couple walks throughout the day and just
step hard and get that gas out it's from
the book the five or the the for our
diet the five our diet shit I'm gonna
forget by Tim Ferriss the five our body
the for our body
the cat damn it someone named chat is
gonna tell me jack is crop duster
absolutely that's what long walks or
four but in any case it's laid out more
its laid out better there where it's the
official diet but really you just cut
your calories that's what it's all about
four days
okay four day diet pork sweats I'm sorry
what pork sweats
that's the name pork sweats let you know
pork sweats I don't know they are the
sweat from a hog as it perspires
oh I assumed it's the sweat that you
have if you eat too much pork oh like
you get the pork sweat just oh that's my
18th piece of bacon uh I cut out that
bacon oh I got the pork sweats
top ramens for 32 fucking months in a
row who says 32 so when will there be a
best of the worst game edition when hell
freezes over because Jack and I are the
only ones to know anything about games
Mike and Jay do not care nor does John
judge me with my games oh no he does not
like this okay yeah so probably not now
sorry Lex Disick I get it see but do you
all the tricks
rebel base for 13 months in a roses
justice for episode 7 yes sir my name's
of dynamo Irish man 36 who says remove
skeleton please without without that
episode I think the seasons just
completely falls apart for me but I
wasn't liking a lot of what was going on
otherwise so not to spoil anything but
without that episode you can't have the
ending happen not to spoil anything you
know you know you needed something there
yeah yeah
inset flow pathetic for 14 months in a
row
who says 14 months and I'm also
published in nature today what a day
well congratulations in step local
effect Wow drunk Congrats
congratulations on getting published
Irishman 36 says remove skeleton please
I thought we probably went right from
there to there Rhys Kiptyn I did I said
it you did yeah did you say like after
or before we run as we talk to
protecting about the episode 7 thing but
that came after that I'm sure I said
remove skeleton please ok ok I might
have Jim Beth I thought we missed it but
I've been wrong many times before my
life Jackson Tino manga and gobbledygook
sigh see you have another tip door we'll
get to him well we will we wait how
about this we'll look at it Ren gone 99
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true by the way we
really do alright what is what does
gobbledygook sir sorry I don't know what
do you believe what do you think Jack
thumbs up a thumbs down
