Oct 1, 2017
Cuphead, XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/179082368
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/179083500
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/179084765
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK7WPtRk3F4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvpN0aa3MtU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS4ywctHU28
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/914562925163147266

[Part I]
be smart what's up we had some technical
difficulties we're seven minutes after
sex it's not bad you shouldn't have said
anything we glossed over all the trouble
we're having get that oh god Oh to work
we still isn't working
I know they do bingo rich and I wanted
to make sure that their bingo was
complete the thing you have is the thing
I have now jack volume is low what the
fuck was that
I don't know oh is that bitch though
that was bits are oh fucking hell that
was our pigs
oh god more bits why isn't there bits
thing working that's not what our bits
thing is this is the bit also do tips
earn I mean subscribers testing one two
three testing one two three well we just
her sum up and up in the the only the
excellent okay okay
I was I was significantly lower than you
in in the what if they could change a
thing that's weird that's weird
yeah okay so now I should be
approximately the same volume as rich if
only they allowed you to customize the
sound for bits they do but I thought I
turned it off I thought I thought I'll
be honest with you because that
not gonna let you huh they're not gonna
let you but also like that that was oh
wait a minute why are my bits no that
first of all they're gonna see you look
at that mute okay you can just mute so I
just muted that
oh yeah and like this gives us
subscribers and all that shit right
right I don't want any of that I know I
know what are you doing that's supposed
to be just bits they've they've muscled
their way in Jack wait a minute hold on
everybody that's supposed to be just
fucking bits gosh dang it
ah get out of here with all this
malarkey
this is horse malarkey rich that's none
of that's supposed to be in here Jack
there's always YouTube streaming huh
this is always YouTube streaming nope
nope okay general setting here we go
following thank you disabled
subscriptions disabled donations
disabled host disabled bits enabled so
dancing okay yeah yeah okay sound volume
I don't want any fucking sound for you
goddamn bits okay okay now it should be
fixed so you say so I say until it
happens
did you guys see what fucking Nintendo
did to YouTube favors yeah I did what
did they do to you they they don't want
you know a while back do you remember
the Nintendo Partner Program yeah were
they there like you know we don't like
people using gameplay footage of our
games but if you partner with us right
then you can stream it but we'll take a
cut of it yeah but now anyone who enlist
the YouTube or the Nintendo YouTube
Partner Program Nintendo just said but
no more live streaming because their
Nintendo man they don't fucking know
it's Jesus Christ yeah
we just got a subscriber and it didn't
do anything on the okay on the bitts
viewers okay
I'm gonna call that a victory rip didn't
do anything in the normal subscriber
section that hasn't been disabled
somehow has it no I saw the subscribe to
show up and okay okay oh shit I almost
forgot I almost forgot something there
we go now we are good to go except for
now that's just annoying just minimize
it the closer just minimize them yeah
there we go I did it I did it
r.i.p that zombie i know look at that
look at those bits
yes yet we have played enter the gungeon
before we streamed it we've streamed of
all times yeah there's a fine game enter
the gungeon fine game that's now what
we're doing today though no we are doing
Summa bleep hates ya see normal
subscriptions are showing up but not
underneath us anymore
everything's fine I fixed it I figured
it out and I fixed it here we go now
this might be ungodly loud or I'm gonna
have to see chat let us know if it's
my chance aku my Devils game ends
how's that now it should be still loud
hold on wait let's just let's do this in
okay how is that now you can't hear
anything
thank you turn up your mic students real
quiet
what happened again Jackie you click me
out I did okay now we should be louder
and the game should be here you'll have
to adjust your you're gonna have to
adjust your things now okay they guard
and auto now the game is inaudible so
over hu needs to turn the game up over
alright
I don't think this thing's Sam right now
great well just gotta start just start
it a little bit
perfect more Mike they're great well see
ya just yeah just go you want to start
anew what are you I'll start no one okay
well here we're about to get real audio
can you guys hear this at all
are you hearing any of this there's
definitely music playing for the game up
a little bit the music is good thirty
percent of the game I'm barely here in a
game no no Jesus Christ that's her no
more we'll turn the game in okay yeah
yeah turn it up in game
one day the two boys wanted far from
home and despite the other kennels many
warnings ended up on the wrong side of
the tracks and entered the devil's
casino yep
inside cup man and mug man soon found
themselves in a winning streak at the
craps table
hot dog exclaimed king dice the casinos
sneezy manager these fellas get loose
nice run boys laugh the newcomer the
boys gasp the brothers gasped it was the
casinos ona the devil himself
now however we raised the stakes he
suggested with a toothy grin when one
more roll in all the loot in my casino
is yours the devil bonding but if you
lose I'll have your souls do you
cuphead blinded by easy riches not even
grab the dice for a throw good gosh
Cap'n no cried McMahon for he understood
the danger but it was too late
Snake Eyes laughs the devil while
slamming the floor you lose the brother
strengthen fears he leaned over them now
about those souls the brothers pleaded
for the very lives there must be another
way to repay you mug man stammered yes
but please mister come head added
perhaps there is the devil snickered
pulling out a parchment I have here a
list of my runaway debtors collect their
souls for me and I just might pardon you
two mugs now get going the devil rod
kickin the boys that most rudely you
have to midnight tomorrow to collect
every one of those Souls otherwise I'll
be the one collecting yours competin
McMahon were terribly frightened and ran
away as fast as they could well come on
Bob panted cap head we have to find the
other kettle oh no he'll know what to do
nice they want the day I do want the
game audio up a bit I know what we're
not there yet but I just want to make
sure you're aware
someone's gonna get sued that was not
that was certainly not a Mickey Mouse
voice that was just a a high-pitched
cartoon voice yeah oh you guys should be
able to hear it now a little bit
there's a week in here in bed perfect
much better great perfect good great all
right all right now we got it all right
Elsa what a fine pickle you boys have
gotten yourself into
I know I know you don't want to be pawns
as a devil but if if you refuse I can't
bear to imagine your face you must play
along for now collect those contracts
and you best be ready for some 90
Newtons your debt our friends won't be
very friendly I won't seem so fun in
fact I expect a transformable please
take this ocean so they won't hang you
out to dry
Oh give you the most remarkable magical
ability now go to my writing desk and
use the mystical inkwell down yourself
hoorah except for us go right up then we
get there co-op probably after after
you're done here that doesn't make any
sense
or here is your controller I'm
recognized assign controller
good idea watch this yeah
okay do we need to do to the toriel we
don't we should do this tutorial just to
show people hoping to show people doctor
- so I'm blue man I'm bugged face cut
man cut man
oh actually you know what what can I
just change my controls flare - thank
you
wait Jenny I don't know about you but I
like left bumper fur - I like shoot to
be right trigger shoot to be right
trigger and I like I like X to be -
instead of shoot
one x we shoot and then switch whipping
left bumper oh yeah and then I like
right I like lock to be left trigger
that's how I do it at home and it seems
to work out just great
okay so this was the part this is that
what this is the famous yeah oh my - to
be left for her - to be left to her yeah
let's say I do find myself not using -
oh you should be
see you know like I cuz I like couldn't
adjust on my sure cuz I will shoot yeah
we made a pass the tutorial stage one
other thing yeah one other thing if you
get how you like it yeah get it out you
like him in right stick so so rich you
were in charge of creating the Star Trek
believe you set design right yeah
Oh bother noticed some very special
circuit boards being newest on the set
and in sentence appreciation okay they
do that me no great that's a great
circuit box I didn't I didn't
we got this speak up I'm deaf
nope what this is an accident this game
looks awesome yeah you know we're gonna
do we're gonna do an official review on
it but it's it is a very good game is
what I will say about competition after
playing it I'm the thing I'm most
confused about that's a good too
spoilery into our own review I don't
understand why this was the most hyped
game for the past 40 the visual right
because I mean it's it is a very good
one but you know it's it's a run-and-gun
side-scrolling action platformer that's
about it
are they real things because that's what
gives you the power okay it is
save me save me
wait
I did why I didn't want to get on the
other side
boom nice boom rich we did it that was
great thank you mind turning the game
volume a bit lower
easier because there's like normal and
you know I haven't and they're they're
significantly I've heard they take off
just like the last sections of the boss
pride sometimes or sometimes like
they'll remove whole sections but if you
do it on easier you don't get the
contract oh so like you can you can
progress in the level and go on and do
other stuff but you don't get the soul
contract I thought was very cool I
thought it was a neat weight of like
yeah if you just want to play and have
fun have fun but you know it's not gonna
get you the wind huh so I thought that
was neat the art is unbearably cool man
unbearably cool everything is so neat
looking and the gameplay is pretty good
too like I like I like these sections
like basically everything is just a
fucking boss fight yeah for the most
part
so this is it this is a lot of you know
just yeah it's a little bullet heli a
little uh a little action platformer II
this is the whole Shazam and yeah like
you die a lot just because a lot of the
game is just kind of memorizing their
patterns and being able to deal with
them when they show up you know like you
know this is direct this is the section
with the fan and the glowing shit things
and then and then next is the is the big
slot machine
I'm greater than you yeah I'm getting
greedier than you I mean try to get the
SPECIAL heads in good kid
because I'm dumb I can't give just kill
him just going oh I hate that that is
this part I really hate cuz it shows you
shows you how close you were to
defeating them turn up the games Oh for
fucks thank you you guys you just told
us to turn it down you just and I'm it's
tough because like this apparently our
choices are
I'm not even shooting our choices are
too loud or inaudible that's what we
have
oh fuck what I can't
got me that fuck it's fine now great
good great I'm glad oh yeah like the
ball one is the hardest and real real
quick here a Feridun says uh I only got
a horrible couple hours of sleep as a
results I'm headachy grumpy oh these are
bonkers
I've sick thumbs every few hours for
heartburn now I know what it feels like
to be rich Evans yep that's every day
for rich
you got this you got this a bitch
sumbitch oh oh I got two closers fucking
like fuck you I got the same that's safe
yeah God is it hard to do this to player
what we both found the same play
it is really hard hard to pay attention
to which one is looks come pedos the red
guy mug man is the blue guy
I'm in luck man Rich's cuphead I am The
Walrus koo koo kachoo koo koo kachoo
that was a reference to an old an old
band called The Rolling Stones
Rolling Stones named after the famous
magazine I'm funny
you see funny things and funny and I say
funny things and you have to deal with
nice tricky dad is tricky I'm not
vibrating
I think I think you might have broke tit
I think it might have broke did it you
might need to turn off rumble oh my god
that is still going it's so going I hate
Rumble if this weren't plugged in if
this had like a batteries in it I would
be so pissed off right now
yeah every shake just wasted battery
just completely wasted battery on
meaningless shaking it's still going you
go turn off your rumble it's gonna play
like that play like out with a constant
Rumble oh wait come over here let's go
to the shop I want to buy I want to buy
a heart oh and I love pork iums or
whatever his name is look at him
buy Porkins
Jesus Christ rich great the art is
uncanny the art is beautiful yes come
down here and get her super everything
oh yeah do the ghost bounce some ASMR
person
by the way I drink my own liquid you get
the left side I'll get the right sure at
the start of the match I drink the
liquid that's in my head that's how I
start the mashup mug man starts that's
it yeah that's weird
are your hands getting a nice massage
yeah yes
three wasted battery it's a it's a USB
controller so there's no batteries in it
which is a good thing because man hold
my hand constant vibration is not a bug
it's a feature we gotta stop the stream
alone for a little bit I don't know why
it's a thing he's working on so weird
scary skeletons LLC anonymous says hey
guys great screams two quick questions
for rich ya rooting for anyone in the
baseball playoffs no not currently
wait you're in player two I don't see
any option for rumble anyway there is no
option for a rumble there's no option
for rumble what if we go down
there's no option turn this off you
gotta you gotta unplug it man wait no
you're just like mine oh okay okay so
okay let's wait oh yeah let's wait give
it a second give a second it's a giver
one hot second we have a couple other it
wants to please you rich
okay well rich you can either play with
a shaky controller we have a couple
other controllers clearly shaky
controller for now we'll see if it stops
something we'll make it stop okay great
Carlo man well I don't think we can wait
doesn't even recognize my controller now
oh and you unplugged mine so it doesn't
recognize mine either
are we stuck no player to assign
controller yeah but oh I can't use the
mouse oh yeah
that's an controller okay
control player one play okay and then
player 1 assign controller okay ready
good all right are you still attached no
player - all right no now it's on player
1 so player 1 assign control go to
assign controller no well that's that's
for you
now I got a player wait I work do you
work yeah okay great now we both work
okay
we did it did we just start no no we did
not just start oh you're you're
constantly vibrating controller is a
little distracting I'll put that out
there you want to close the game that's
the only way I could think of to fix
this we could get you another controller
I'm gonna equip my super we got we got a
couple you know third-party controllers
or you can use the steam controller
take a hit intentionally and it should
stop I'd rather do that if this
controller starts to rumble when you
plug it in I want to try taking a head
back sure it is a nicer controller yes
it's a much nicer controller no one
wants to use the third-party controller
we do have we still have a steam
controller here just in case one one of
these days it turns out you know I what
you want you want to do another boss
thing or do you want to do a rumble in
the woods
I hate Rumble you were you were just
saying how much you hated Rumble before
the stream oh my god what is that oh
good taking the heads in it but now I
have taken a hit sure what's what
Oh your jewelry yeah I got ya
but hey I was right there do-do-do-do-do
all right cuphead mug face man
cuphead and my gran the most anticipated
game of the past three years it's an
alright game it's pretty fun you
expected you know what I think I might
have told this story before when I first
saw the preview for this I thought it
was going to be a turn-based RPG what
gave you that impression I don't
remember I think it was just like the
visual presentation you know cuz like
when you when you have the boss battles
you know it almost looks kind of like a
like an SNES era RPG and so like I
didn't pay much attention to it when at
first I didn't pay a terrible amount of
attention to it when it first came out I
just like remember seeing
milk Splosion I just remember seeing
that visual of life you versus the boss
and a kind of reminded me of ass mess
era oh oh shit yeah
final fantasy so I remember you know
when this when this was first announced
three fucking years ago yeah I I was
like oh you know what that's a neat art
style and I bet it'll be a really cute
little turn-based RPG and then not not
until like a year and a half later I
think you you totally like that's gonna
be it's gonna be an adorable turn-based
RPG so but no as soon as I knew it was
gonna be a running a gun I guess I don't
really know what I was expecting a great
but you see this art style and he was so
blown away by
this is I'm gonna need at least one yeah
I guess like that's the thing I don't
really know what I was expecting from it
I can tell you this I like the game is
mostly boss battles is this you know
with every once in a while you'll get
you'll get what we just did like a
run-and-gun section and that is a little
different than the dice
and you're funny your punishment is it
rumbles again
can you open up an Xbox controller and
physically Rumble I bet yeah but you can
you can just snip some wires I want to
keep them in there for the wait but the
bumble I can do I can do doc don't
bother nope what you know Oh bother can
we just snip the wires for the rumble
and the like well everything else work
there's probably just a way to unplug it
though from inside like a little thing
the cord goes into or probably it might
be soldered right in it might be solder
right in that is a 360 controller not an
Xbox one controller but I think is part
of the problem
oh shit runs alright alright it's
alright
we're enjoying this feeling that's it
we're enjoying it I don't know it's the
best thing of all time but I'd say I
enjoyed company oh yeah overall I'm very
much enjoying it like I said he had to
me the the bigger the bigger thing to
talk about with this game is just kind
of the expectations full disclosure
yeah I'd rather be playing war of the
chosen right now sure but and you know
what I have anything better be true for
just about any game you could be playing
right now and you know what I I've been
putting a little more time no fucking
wrong with a little more time into golf
story so which I did bring today but I
don't know if we're gonna be able to
play because our our exploit is not
playing nice with our Elgato some steam
are we sure it's on Steam elf story and
I am I'm so good you got them that's
right oh that one can't shoot up that's
right it's like it's a really enjoyable
game though beyond the art style not
necessarily the most interesting game if
that is a like not to dis I don't want
to guess
I had never expected this to be a
revolution though I don't know that a
they they advertise it
Bagon I don't think revolution I think
they advertise it on the art oh yeah Oh
bother says there's no there's no
connection so you're gonna have to snip
your rumble if you want I'm afraid that
would fuck it up for something else
right like it exposed wires and you and
it ends up like blowing up the gaming
system sure maybe I'll rumble not
detected you need to shake game refused
to play you my shake you mushing you cuz
you cause your controller to go into
like a self-reflective spiral but I must
shake I must shake shaking mandatory
mandatory shake is your controller a
Dalek yes
I have no Rumble and I must shake
oh nice tote just a fucking door this
game a lot of this game is memorization
at the end of this game it should unlock
a black and white mode while I think
that would be like he achieved the
bright amazing colors a part of the
oh fuck it follows it in a while rich I
haven't been in this section use it
might have been waste I didn't get a
ghost ring yeah weird you I didn't get
the courtesy of a ghost maybe I'm right
were you like already like really near
the top right oh the fucking moon beast
and not notice a pattern in your face
you know I'm sure
all right oh I brought you back to life
our it is oh my god now I'm rumbling out
of control and the controller was on my
crotch I felt weird for a moment I got
alright it's alright I totally do not
have my mojo
you know Bob Hawkins that happens rich
don't blame yourself Eddie's you know in
this moment and this mug you don't have
a - you can turn into a tiny flame and
it makes a move fast
it's balanced that but when you're right
I love that little that little mug
matter the two characters names McMahon
seems to be the more sensible felt
pretty darn good about that 31 days till
Halloween that's true today's the first
day of October I finally allowed my
families to put a Halloween decoration I
have I have a strict wait until I toad
with policy Karen's had it going on
about me
of course everyone does everyone has but
uh
I would look have a look and like i
opening this flower here I'll look into
it later
yeah like opening on up and finding the
connection it is apparently I've been
reading in chat they chat says it is a
known bug when they you're in to play oh
yeah well hold on let me let me read a
tip real quick let me know oh my god I
am behind where are we uh the blue prism
said here's some money pretend like I
asked you about uh hold on pretend like
I asked you about something that you
actually wanted to talk about them talk
about the game something else on your
topic list how do we talk about the game
a little bit I can talk a little bit
about the movie colossal okay which
which turned into a bit of a Twitter
spat between me and a certain you're a
certain jerk named javis H Bowman and
apparently he really likes the movie
colossal and I did not much care for it
oh fuck I lost which one I was
yeah I'm used to having a certain power
but I don't have right now I'm gonna go
back to the shop again this this level
took me I want like longer than any
other level
and you know it was just that first part
like that fucking Woody Woodpecker part
directs me show you what helps invisible
- what wait are you always invisible or
is that a power of its powerup that
makes you invisible why you - you look
cool and poof instead of - Macross poof
oh that sounds exactly like something
the old the old poof ago okay so
colossal is a movie starring Anne
Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis Jason sodoku
and it's it's labeled as a comedy under
the in the red box and it is not really
it is it is it is a drama it's
superficially it resembles the comedy
the premise as as stated on the red box
art form is uh this this Biddy gets
drunk and when she gets drunk she finds
out that she can control a giant monster
in south for real
by the invisible - for the coin I need
the coins and so that's the premise is
is this kind of down on down on her luck
lady
is goes back to her hometown and and and
discovers while drunk that she can
control a giant monster that's wreaking
havoc in South Korea uh-huh and so you
know that's a weird premise not like
that Jason's just today cuz he's really
funny and it you know it's all about the
meta form what not even drinking crowns
of the tessellation society and you're
just waiting for like the metaphor to
kick in and I found it really lackluster
some good performances especially by
Jason Sudeikis who's you know comedic
actor but he is darkness and scary as
hell like you that man that man is
intense
yeah dramatic hey I know that I'm just
I'm just giving this set up
oh look at that range of below-average
damage no aiming required that's fun
roundabout interesting I think I got the
spread last time and that was pretty
underwhelming yeah your spread shot what
shows up you buy it
I don't remember oh but if you buy the
smoke bomb you can get another heart Oh
coffee auto-fill meters super meter
continue continuously fails in addition
to what you earned I just see what's up
your first pair remove doubles as a
damaging ex attack
right anyway dreamer today I know I know
that's what it really is I'm just giving
that the the general synopsis but but in
any case I've found overall the the
story to be a really lackluster it took
me conclude the satisfactory meal for me
and so I was a little snarky on Twitter
about it last night and J popped in and
was like well it's actually pretty good
that's fine that's it
you know I guess I'd rather have my
extra help
oh that's why I'm dying or yeah that one
extra Helton really helps I mean but
also I'm making it forward it's also
that I'm
so in any case stock colossal a little a
little disappointed but you know it's
the red box I didn't know you were dying
it was dodging shit fucking guy
another red box movies I seen you know I
get a lot of movies for the kids from
the red box because they're so damn
cheap and you know that whenever and so
whenever the kids want to watch like a
really sucky movie like I get it from
the red boxes when a fuck it's not
wasting my money
okay right but it makes me actually not
mind getting hit
enjoy
fuck you suck it
yes Jacqueline's blue Rich's red yeah so
you know this is this game it's a little
bullet hell it's a little action
platformer nice rich it's a little bit
of a lot of things and it's it's my
reward if you're into this type of games
like if you love contra as a kid you are
gonna love the shit out of some cuphead
you know you just have it like in a
headlock
I love how they're using fingers to
shoot not only

[Part II]
I love how they're using fingers to
shoot not only that like they're not
just using their fingers they're
snapping their fingers like every shot
is a little snap they're like they're
going like that they're like yeah man
classic cool dudes well it looks like
you boys really put them yeah looks like
you boys really put the kibosh on them
didn't you can head on over to the next
time
plenty more mugs for you to lean on this
fly attractor says it's October so why
not a Halloween game stream tip through
the woods it's like fire watch you guys
ever heard of it probably more of a
jacket game Halloween my controller is
haunted we like it we like it overall
it's very simple it's I know like for me
I I'm only a few hours in like maybe
three or four hours in and the game says
I'm close to 50% done you can't read
that I'm sorry let's see here anonymous
says I only have I have only one
complaint for cuphead NPCs refer to you
as two people when in single-player
making it feel like an afterthought yeah
I just don't want to be reminded that I
have no one to play with you know
there's a couple little things like that
oh the candy lady fuck yeah I love this
one she's great I can't wait to get hit
Louise lady
and then she sends out different fucking
candies
so yeah what if I did this one just to
test out what easy mode was oh the candy
corn is going on
no the cupcake guys yeah but the kid
looked like candy corn guy you do it you
don't know where his movements are gonna
go he ain't never he's not the first
time I've ever lost candy corn
so I tried this one on easy mode you can
do any of the things on easy mode if you
defeat them on easy mode while you win
you don't get the devil's contract you
need to do it on normal right and so
like you see how he has his little candy
corn minions they they don't a parole
and the paying nothing the gumball guy
he doesn't shoot out gumball he just
walks back and forth several times
across
Oh every boss battle and Jason you good
you just keep shooting him back I just
love the look of him my favorite part is
is after you defeat him he looks at the
door
easy great we got next so we got nice
jellybean size
oh I hit jump you fuck me shotgun nice
yeah then she starts throwing her head
at you and things get a little this is a
tough one this is a tough unit yeah it's
crazy but it's like the the art style
really does help carry through because
it's all gorgeous
I am fucking candy corn I hate you no
good Nick no good Nick
fuck you jellybeans fucking pink jelly
bean fuck
thank you please don't worry about me
just go for her
Horsham I chose you
boom man with the city douche that soup
tea dupes all the good stuff whoa Motown
just lets you bypass mechanics and later
fights yeah adorable insanity it is it
is adorable insanity nepotism this whole
this whole game it is the look really
makes it Jay fresh too says Jack did you
read the Archer and Armstrong story
escape from gulag three nine six it's
part of Divinity three and their
American feat of freedom fighters since
the Soviet Union won the Cold War and
conquered America
I did not I've actually I'm actually
really behind on Archer and our throne
thank you at the moment and so I haven't
gotten to it I've been I got I got stuck
waiting for the next trade because I
prefer reading them in trade paperback
form and then I got lost so I'm not
up-to-date on Archer and Armstrong but I
will I will catch up
are you gonna play a thimble we'd Park I
I suggested that as a as a voice stream
to rich which one was that simple we
probably that's a new Ron Gilbert
point-and-click adventure game it's like
like an x-files ish okay
so wherever I don't know what do you
want next ah this one's a cute one I
like I like the genie Evan Harris I
haven't done this one oh it's adorable
on my own this is kind of where I got it
Oh candy drop lady and I think that was
the last thing I did hello German
brothers guten tag I don't know anything
these cats a lot of cats
game for the faces
Oh
oh yeah be savory check yeah we said the
soup to do I'm so sorry
you know what I've always avoided that
puff of smoke because I assumed what'll
hurt you because you're a sensible human
being right that puff of smoke should
definitely hurt you you're kind of 1 hp
oh we've been playing like crap I've
noticed that
like everything's previous fucked but
also adorable I've heard of this guy
look at this happy go
you can't stay near the top of the
screen when you're when you're on one HP
the level of difficulty has a
battletoads vibe this is doable
unlike Battletoads this is absolutely if
we fail again there's one thing I want
to do when I'm go to shower I'm at the
shop oh no exits man oh no if we die
again exit the map because there's
something that we need or is there
something that's very helpful in dealing
with this guy I got a vibration
situation
oh good
did you died it has to be yeah probably
not a very long day
no and if it were a like a Super Mario
Brothers original level of difficulty
you would be done with this game hours
right as I'm told already people are
kind of already done
people are already kind of done with
this game in a few hours yeah
so alright tournament all right what do
we need we need
so this is not something we buy at the
shop we buy the shop but we can't get
there yet there is a oh wait wait I may
talk to this guy
good timing fellas I just had an upgrade
done your aeroplanes you can now wall up
your phones with bombs to switch to your
weapon whatever the fancy strikes in try
it out okay
that's what we need okay go for it
because when when that ghost guy comes
out of the sarcophagus you can just hang
up
so yeah bombs as it turns out it's super
what I just touched the head
like this one you can just hang up here
all day yeah maybe well then there's
have a slower fire
what sort of a Borch ain't attend not
enough soup qudoos let's see here brick
Jaeger says this weekend I watched
freaks and geeks hearing excuse me so
many good opinions I was still blown
away with how the hell was this canceled
we're so blown away how the hell was
this canceled what do you think did you
watch freaks and oh my god oh my get hit
by that you know I remember watching
episode a long time ago
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope we're not even doing that good this
is this is unmitigated disaster of epic
proportions well then you know we talked
about this sometimes about like the
difference between like playing a game
and streaming a game and you know trying
to hold a conversation and just you know
being mentally available for them you
know it's very different
that was that was complete and utter
horseshit I've never seen this much
bullshit gathered together in one spot
yeah can you talk about Star Trek
discover yet I cannot because I have not
seen I have not seen Star Trek - fuck
you fuck you
I've not seen Star Trek discovery yet
I don't I just don't care that much I
guess and you know after Rich's glowing
recommendation its though I might like
it you know
in the bed
boom
what he does
it's fine it's fine we did oh you did oh
okay well don't take the wind out of it
bail
let's see here a true-blue review says
the developer said that the original
idea for cuphead was for it to be just a
boss rush game but after some blowback
they added the platforming levels do you
think that was a good decision yeah
yes I do think that is a good decision
being just a boss rush game isn't the
worst thing in the world but you do need
a bit of a mental breather and so just
something to keep it fresh I think is
important yes I know that was that was
always a problem I had with Titan Quest
that game was all it was all boss rushes
and you know that's fuck me that's kind
of what I wanted from it was like just
something to break up from monotony you
know like the bosses were fun but I
didn't need a little something to break
up the monotony
Titan Souls wait I got hit and I'm still
vibrating did you get hit again Titan
skills that's a boss rush game so uh but
yeah you know like I think mental mental
fatigue is a real thing and so if you're
only doing bosses no matter you know
every boss is different but it doesn't
matter if every boss is different you
still have to you're still just doing
boss battles
hi dad
now there's too much happening that's
how this game works those often times
rich hates the exploration Mario XCOM
though well exploration wasn't the only
way they could have broken things up you
know they could have done something you
know more fun less stupid well you know
what we talked about during the during
the Mario XCOM discussion and and how
they mishandled the the mental fatigue
of just boss battles is how the
exploration in Mario Rabbids had nothing
to do team or gameplay-wise with the
rest of the game whereas the the running
guns sections are perfectly in theme
with the rest of Cup and so they
matically
oh fuck oh I was trying to get a I had
my super but I just remembered I can't
shoot it up so I was trying to get in
front of I failed so many times I mean
you know we're all failures right I'm
gonna hit by something else not sure
what of the duck maybe it was a hit they
go down low enough they drop things that
it knows so much shit who's white
jeez cheese cheese shake it watch out
it's coming another roller coaster Oh
get me I'm sorry jack oh hey we got part
about that I felt yeah early restart
because I got a quick head
we got it we got it we got it we got it
we got it we got it oh I know that nose
is so fucking hard to hit
it's all the way across the screen oh I
know I still feel responsible
all those visual overkill is starting to
get exhausting here it is
this needs a nice simple background oh
sure he needs to just be on some kind of
stage or something that's just a cookie
and I think it'll help this stage
chat if you're looking for games the
jack is better and in addition to the
addition to this I will throw out mario
kart anything with you know these kind
of like twitch reflexes games are
usually my mad bag any anything that's
sort of more instinct driven than then
thinking ahead of time that's my game I
don't like thinking in my games you see
a thing and you react how awful this is
doing well loving it yeah doesn't matter
what I'm playing on scream I'm always
some percentage bush of course because I
mean you're just you use different views
different mental resource use different
parts of your brain rich
I'd like to think that enough people
have been watching us for long enough to
me now Orion people just watching
streamers line up just to know that
that's how it is when you're streaming
you can't you can't
give it your all
nice nice there we go thank you
why does this look like grandpa's
cartoons because that was their artistic
direction this game is how it is it's a
bitch that's it this game is that
perfect balance of hardest balls but you
can do it this is this is great
grandpa's cartoons that's true this
isn't even grandpa's Kurt we're in the
twenties I did a full faith I had full
faith in me absolutely absolutely
let's see here rich yeah
would you read some comics if I sent
some to now New York Comic Con is coming
up next weekend so I'm gonna pick up
some stuff I can mail things to the rlm
office
no you're just out of Congress rich is
out of comics done let's see here
wandering BMN six six seven says hey
y'all I was wondering if either of you
had played this game before tonight if
so a little bit have you beaten it and
lastly what do you think of the game and
art style this is but we are now as far
as I got I'm again we're a little bit
further than I got on my own okay I did
the the candy lady fight that was the
only thing I did and this oh yeah and I
did all of these and that's when I
stopped playing
and you know for me I know rich and I
are gonna do a review of it and so I got
to this point and I said you know what
I'm good to talk about it because I can
I'd like to get a little bit further I
cry make that distinction imagine there
will be anything very different gameplay
why I have a feeling we get it I'm
playing in a few hours
well sure and I'm gonna give it a little
more time we're gonna do our review
tomorrow but I can't imagine we're going
to get anything very different than this
so I was talking about Popeye whatever
happened to the can be the houses damn
name to frosty you tenifer ski yeah what
happened his Popeye he was gonna make a
Popeye he did a short he did like a demo
reel though they just not go through
with that which would be insanely stupid
because that short but he did was
amazing sure again deep terror Kowalski
for those who don't know you know the
Samurai Jack he did Powerpuff Girls he
did Dexter's Laboratory you know just
kind of the old the old guard of Cartoon
Network they're saying the emoji movie
is the reason I got cancelled begin dee
do the emoji movie no I don't think he
did
candy did make sure it sounds like that
chose to make that instead which would
be just a horrible idea he did oh you
know what else what other movies he did
which aren't very good he did the Hotel
Transylvania movies that's what that was
kind of his bread butter where's the
rights to pop I could get indeed take
that somewhere else I want to see that
movie so bad I want I desperately want
to see his Popeye you should pull that
up on youtubes watch that clip
it's Popeye ncg and it works
fantastically well Powerpuff Girls was
Greg Greg McCracken but Indy was was
part of the team that helped make it
made it happen sorry I was not assuming
that genndy was in charge of it so I
okay kindiy okay hold on I'm watching
Popeye sneak peek one animated movie HD
that's great no it's fantastic oh that's
great olive oil and basil oh that's
great
is he gonna eat the spinach eat the
fucking spinach eat the spinach
it's called Popeye sneak peek 1 2016
it's great that's great that's great
that's great they both look like cups
and mug that magic dog is from the one
of the some of the cartoons Jeep
names jeep the jeep okay my my aunt my
aunt and uncle for a long time had the
Popeye arcade game doing today yeah yeah
that game was tough as balls a lot of
old arcade games were it was designed to
take you decided to take your quarters
well hey there fellas come to watch my
little show have it they say juggling is
a bit like parrying tough at first but
soon you can string them together
swimming me I'm hoping to get fall
Sunday four in a row yeah that would be
something wouldn't it I haven't done
this one something to do with coloring
or parrying pair is never gonna be like
that ghosts won four in a row
hint hint we're not or now we're just
gonna fight this dragon
whoa whoa tail on and off water lean
completely out of fucking nowhere I'm
sure there's a tail there's always a
towel we just didn't see anything
Wow nothing about that
I am I know I was I thought I'd like
it's alright it's alright I thought I
thought he's dead it's all right there
he's fine hi this is horrible what just
as a gamer I feel terrible
well you know you should I guess as long
oh I see it we're going on the bottom
now yeah well fuck you too oh my oh my
god oh you got me but I'm dead anyway so
thanks thanks but no thanks
oh wow not easy
fucking tail
over the second stage this is go yeah no
we're making progress
Oh
thank you
it changed my rumble for your rumble
fuck you
yeah you don't get anything for hitting
well you have to carry the last red ring
which apparently I'm it isn't so
terrible I'm gonna score I don't see any
practical use for doing that shit ya
know it gives you a card that's what
builds your super so shooting sure but
you can oh that's you you can build it
faster if you carry yeah so like for
every parry gives you a new playing car
then if you yeah that's that's what
gives you your super to do them faster
you can do this or maybe we can do some
good that's gonna happen try it we could
try again yes I would also like to get
that golf game working because
goodbye person leaving thanks for coming
live
this is an okay time $20 you got for me
well we're behind that hahaha
with restarts oh yeah absolutely alright
one more try one more try yeah this is
this would have been a definite tortoise
fuck you and your fucking hey I can I am
terrible at parent yeah I'm terrible I
am too
no I don't
fuck you
oh we almost had it
we always had it that we weren't even
that close okay cuz it looks more
stressful than fun it's it's like any
challenging game whether the the fun is
in defeating the undefeatable the fun of
blood-borne is not necessarily in all
the gameplay but in
oh shit I would go bullshitting a lot of
us sorry
sorry just a lot of listening the keys
and finding the rhythm rich feel the
rhythm feel the the rhyme look out world
is bobsleds fuck you moon oh no Rick
employees rights alright I'm sorry I
know I was milking I was busily milking
all over the place
don't think that's hope
what do you think
so you're having a filthy mind person in
the chat room come on come on you know
better
if we could manage to stop suffering
then even just a little bit I'd like to
think that see that that was bullshit
had the dodgy tail had to be on the
cloud was really platform and yet that
was the same time death rays came out of
the eyes bullshit
my mold animation ran out just in time
for me to fall on a meta Bay because the
screen caps brought to me the turtle
overall I do go to the next after next
at next we can exit to that overall I do
enjoy the game it is what it is you know
fuck and what it is ain't easy
sometimes I wonder just like sometimes
it almost it almost feels like it's less
about the damage to him and more about
just making it through that stage I'm
sure that's bad
oh when it's time yeah we got a map good
how many times can resurrect I would see
what else the world is where do you even
go
I'm behind them on guys man
all right what do you want to know the
bird dude oh my god it's definitely
harder with two players you know like
it's is it it feels like you know we
kill the enemies easier but yeah like I
I'm often confused which one I am
I'm a rain check
it's okay
you know the animations are adorable Wow
you know what the animations are though
I feel better
I'm gonna take them Woody Woodpecker yes
you know what never mind I've done this
work I think this may be so if when he
shoots the eggs stick all the way they
hit the back wall in there
okay great no we're doing fine what is
it eight o'clock alright we'll get we'll
play for what it will do one more one
more shot here and they will check if
the if the attack though feels like
working really like I want to see golf
swing you should want to see go story if
it's if it's all of the trappings of
your classic RPG without the shitty
combat system
I am so game their towns exploration I'm
talking to people we party members but
you don't have the bullshit comeback and
I'm down it's not it's not all of that
now there there are like at the end and
that's gonna be ups and downs is that it
was a lot of what I was expecting
there's a little bit
you know it's mostly just like it's
mostly was a cute golf game that's done
in a very over the overly dramatic
fashion
Oh what golf story is on the swish yeah
and we we have the switch here and we
have an elgato capture but for some
reason xsplit won't recognize it
so I finish my fried go yeah okay
oh yeah when you miss a pair like that
it's a walkie about what to accept miss
Perry
some runnin gun working co-op we played
a couple running gun levels most of the
levels though our boss fights yeah and
it's like the runner gun does working
for but a lot like the boss fights it
does get a little confusing
all right I like that I like that yeah
yeah it's adorable to angry-looking
paramedic Birds caring oh okay yeah oh
no I'll hold it all the animations very
creative a nice

[Part III]
I mean I update chatty here was wounded
everyone everyone
they're back hey we're back we did it
we came back headquarters of the Siemens
working yeah they may look like Advent
yeah we're back we're here now that you
can see us you can see the game now
everything is fine ditional support for
our cause it's a nice overlay right yeah
it's a nice overlay Oh actually could
you guess what's going on I just want to
make sure the bits are still on
all right great yep thank you the the
new arrays is very nice very unobtrusive
still gets all the stuff done I do miss
our old background I liked having that
like us being in the room but you can't
always get what you want
come and ER our ring facility is
currently idle if we have the soldiers -
sorry so no golf story today it's here
it's right in front of us but for some
reason xsplit does not want to play nice
with our Elgato HD kappa device
so here we are here we are game is just
loud enough that the dialogue interferes
while you are - oh that's right because
we it's a ok don't add me over again
that's right yeah ok ok now we're gonna
turn up for rich though you might want
to hear what's going on yeah are they
saying Gulf story or Gulf store Ghul
will scowl story story yeah it's not
playing nice things are not playing nice
with other things don't forget to update
the title to XCOM - I did thank you
thank you for the reminder as I do often
forget that kind of thing that's on me
too it's true it's true rich where the
fuck were you on that one I guess it's
you were here everything saying who that
new ones expensive capture card yeah I
mean you know worth it if it works this
is Jack's dress-up games this is this is
the one where I get to dress up all the
characters and they have names of the
chat Thank You Emma ducks for though for
the 100 bits resistance forces in the
region which card of the the Elgato Game
Capture 60 that's their newest version
of the capture card it's supposed to be
completely lagless USB 3 interface we're
running off of a USB 2 interface right
now it's supposed to be a lot better
crisper clearer but it's like a hundred
60 bucks but if it works all the time
this is one of those things where we
will have to make that decision what's
more important to you possible failure
and saving some money or throwing down
cash how much how much is but if it
works if it works rich but for how long
will it work right that's the other
question and ours can input RGB and I
don't think the new one can I think the
new one only does HDMI in all ways so
it's one of those things we're gonna
have to make a call for which what just
wrapping up the elgato talk it's amazing
how quickly I get sucked into XCOM what
we're doing a stream what huh what was
that someone in here Oh jack when did
you show up I'm not at home that's right
my smoking sniper is an absolute monster
this run she's doing great we just added
our like our limbless half robot oh and
we just made a full robot last time
right like a robot robot that wasn't
mine that was my personal game that's
not in this game
no no not not your real robot the person
I made look like oh yeah yeah not the
robot robot the person robot robot you
know
you guys need to stream Bitcoin mining
what company was just caught doing that
there was a company that was just caught
because because it's it wasn't YouTube
but it was like a it was another company
that was found to be like using their
customers computers to mine bitcoins
because they weren't making enough money
through advertisement Showtime that's
right Thank You Emma docks Showtime rich
if you watch videos off of Showtime they
were just caught using their customers
computer to mine bitcoins I think I've
heard about this that crazy yeah got it
gotta make that cheddar gotta make it
somewhere also Pirate Bay right it's
strictly illegal it's you know what it's
probably like in their agreement or like
yeah computer you agreed to it
I sent my sniper your sniper yeah what a
arre have you know unlimited ammo
against the whole the loss right it's
not a coop coop mission I didn't know
this is gonna pop up over hitch yeah
yeah ass kind of shit timing yeah oh
well let's see here nonsense in a bag
says if not considered spoilers if rlm
does have a Halloween special this year
will you two be on camera together again
rich and drinky Jack versus Exorcist 2
was so funny that was that was last
year's Halloween episode I listened it
was but it wasn't just that that was a
whole mixture that was a beautiful
concoction rich and I defending the
arty-farty movie and Jay and Josh I know
not getting it I know like that's that
was what was genius about that like not
just that it was rich and I'd ganging up
on them not just that I was the super
drunk one there was a lot going
that so that made it really special I
feel what I can say is we have not shot
anything yet
Halloween wise yeah
that's that's what I can say there there
are plans past is any indication you
know we usually do a Halloween thing
maybe maybe we ran out of ideas that
could happen literally wait maybe maybe
the well is just dry any day rich that
could happen
get drunk jack you know what no
guarantees how about that
although who actually you know that's
actually a pretty good possibility if I
remember the dates we were talking about
they might the resistance is asking that
we do everything we can to extract their
people
YouTube will die before battle VHS
movies stop being funny you know maybe
maybe like like I was talking about
earlier with this whole patreon thing
and YouTube forcing ads it is the the
shame of it is that for for smaller
streamers who are just starting to grow
their audience it's it's actually hard
for them to enable advertising so
therefore they can't believe a patreon
directly but of course that's also
something that you could hard embed into
a video itself like hey check out my
patreon but you just can't put a link in
the description so I I feel like a lot
of that was but YouTube still needs to
make money I think a lot of people take
YouTube for great it's been around for
so long it's so easy it's everywhere but
they still got to make money in order to
be to be viable
is that guy naked no his pants on he's
shirtless but he has pants on and he
also has prosthetic legs why is master
chief an ex-cop
so many things are wrong with that
sentence that might have been a trouble
yeah but you know what maybe they just
glanced over maybe maybe rich can you
zoom in can you zoom in give us a better
view of who that is
that is not Master Chief friend that's
the motherfucking doom Slayer and the
doom Slayer is here too fuck shit
the answer by the way but why I have the
dual marine you know and X come to is
cosmetic mods yeah we have a lot of mods
running right now this guy's prosthetic
legs are mods the doom Slayer
ScrewAttack did a doom guy versus chief
episode and they had chief wind yeah I
know
kids like their Xbox they do that's true
was this before or after doom 2016
before oh
after doing 2016 this before you know
the doom Marine was an immortal badass
this was before he was the doom Slayer
right so presumably immortal we probably
need a recount
at this point III want one I want one a
chickadee monster yes all just visual
mods do you have any like gameplay modes
really I might have some quality of life
kind of stuff like I'm having it solved
right now with this one all your guys
not overwatch for the press of one
button oh it doesn't really change the
gameplay just makes the game more
convenient right that's something you
would do anyway get over and over and
over again
oh my god I got one I don't know if I
have it installed right now I think I
have it installed now color coded bond
solider bonds oh and were of the chosen
your soldiers can become friends and
that comes with benefits right the
problem is they stupidly did it we're
all there they get a little badge next
to their name when they were friends and
somebody in the both of the badge yeah
everybody who's friends get the same
color badge so you don't you it's easy
to lose track of who's friends with who
you have to highlight it and see who's
name pops up so I have a mod that
automatically just assigns each pair of
their own random color which and it's
the two best thing that kind of just
sounds like something they should have
brought up yes yes
changing but yeah I like I like how you
put that quality of life mods
that's nice but I currently don't have
anything like take away the time oh yeah
yeah I know you like your Tomcat 2096
says hey guys don't know if my earlier
tip went through I am an animator and
noticed our LM barely talks about
animated films are you guys fans if so
what are your favorite animated films we
don't really have a background and like
animation so we don't really have much
insight to give you it's unfortunately
like you know especially with something
like best of the worst where we're
looking at bad movies there's only so
many things you can say about bad
animated films before you're repeating
yourself whereas a bad production could
have so many different elements and so
we tend to stay away from animated films
in embedded but I know I I really did we
just see recently we were we were you
know what we were trying to find over a
de at the the movie theater they're
doing Miyazaki Studio Ghibli films yeah
a new one every month and we we after we
saw the new mini job though Lego was
really sad we were looking at him and we
wanted to see which ones we could stream
and the only one we get we could find
available was
oh crap what is it called though the one
that's the remake of The Little Mermaid
are based off of the Little Mermaid No
Ponyo Ponyo is the one we saw and man
what a wonderful weird movie Ponyo is
all of us do we were looking for Kiki's
Delivery Service they've ever seen that
one is I don't think I've seen any of
them I need the studio ghibli's not even
a total room no oh man you gotta care
love's so Darrell everybody fucking
loves Totoro she wants me to watch the
Totoro you should watch the Totoro it's
adorable
oh really basically any Studio Ghibli
film you're good you're just good to
watch any of them
Totoro spirited away is one of my
favorites Howl's Moving Castle is very
fun there's so many good ones but we
were Totoro is the big cat yes we were
watching Ponyo and it was really great
but we were looking for Kiki's Delivery
Service which I was unable to find
streaming anywhere like I couldn't even
buy it like you know or rent it on
Amazon or anything like that
it was really upsetting because we were
in the mood to watch
oh that's right castle in the sky that's
a good one
secret world of arity yeah that's like
the ball rolling The Secret World of
Arrietty or whatever it's called
Princess Mononoke like there there are
so many amazing Studio Ghibli films but
not yeah in general I like the animated
film these lots but there's just not a
lot to talk about
unfortunately as the draws is pretty
good alright next and there they're
goofy or something I get it yeah yeah
you know the voice acting is weird
have I seen Tokyo Godfather's no I have
no I don't know
thank you anonymous
okay I'll put I'll add it to the list of
shit I need to watch you know the the
cameras imaginary and animated movies by
the camerawork and placement is still
something you can discuss you know yes
and no it's it's different and because
we all come from a film production
background we're just definitely more
comfortable talking about live-action
can't fool ooh is saying don't shoot the
sighs aam be a close range
a rich black mark say for some reason I
thought XCOM to metro more randomly
generated but I've definitely fought on
this one you're more than once I know
this might just be some of the war of
the chosen maps these lost maps that are
not as random yeah
or flat-out not random sure
I know vanilla XCOM 2 has actual chunks
randomize chunks
unqualified Bart I've seeing that pop up
beyond or over the garden wall it's like
a little animated miniseries that's
supposed to be fantastic and I haven't
gotten going I recently bought a really
cool kind of graphic novel
you know comic book run to me called
Mouse guard I don't know if you've ever
heard of this yeah it is so gorgeous
it's it's a it's like this medieval tale
of mice and they all have swords and
they fight each other and it's dark and
depressing at me medieval tale of mice
and men isn't needed to pet the rabbits
the knight need to pet the rabbits but I
got one of the mouthguard books and it
is dark and like there's death and
suicide and battles but they're all a
little adorable mice with swords and I
love it
I fucking love it I've been reading that
lately and I've been reading the other
the other comic book that I got is I got
a couple of the the fantasy sports
wonderful little books about like
witches and wizards and they have to
like they're like detective witches and
wizards and they have to go fight people
and they always end in some sort of
sport battle but in a mystical way it
reminds me a lot of something like
shaolin soccer where it's funny and
fantastical and involving sports
somebody wants to talk about Rick and
Morty season 3 for the love of God rich
for the love of God would you please
talk about Rick and Morty season 3 it's
good just like season 2 it's good rich
that's no controversial mute the
microphones get out of here
yeah you know that's right thank you for
that clickbait head of rich Evans
skewers Rick and Morty season 3 clip it
make it happen
epic takedown of season 3 Rick and Morty
mo Mike yes that is has been my plan I
have not seen any of the new Samurai
Jack and I recently read that it is the
whole series is coming out on blu-ray
and that's what I'm going to do my new
samurai bought Jack on blu-ray and just
with the kids fuck cares if the kids are
there watching I'm watching it I'm more
excited I actually I don't think they
would care about Samurai Jack
it's very slow-paced and fun I'm gonna
enjoy the fuck bad thing if they want to
watch - that's great
oh I was I was a big fan of the original
series I'm I've been I've been really
looking forward to watching my new
that's true a new cult of Chucky I know
I know Jay is very excited about cult
objec I I don't have quite the same
fondness of the Chucky movies as other
people do but it'll be interesting I'm
just glad that Jennifer Tilly's still
getting work that lady's something
special
she was the she was very close to being
like the it girl of the late 90s early
2000 and then it went a little in 90
you never seen Chucky they're worth a
watch there the premise is that it's
just weird enough where it's they're
definitely worth and watch especially
once you get to the later ones like
Bride of Chucky
first movies the best
arguably you know there they all have a
charm to them
fuck
what are the chosen oh that's the person
is safe okay
bride and seed are certainly products of
theirs that it's it's one of those
things where after chapter the original
child's play they kind of knew what they
were and weren't afraid to be corny
would I agree a man of TVI I enjoy
Jennifer Tilly's she's just what she
just has that you know that unique look
and voice to her ring for the fucking
win tuck your fucking shotgun doom it up
that's great science sake please play
something else
nope nope I love this game
which loves this game very much so yes
and we did have plans to play something
different but you ain't rich for the
love of God play more of this yeah yeah
nice I'm gonna do
that's nothing I'm gonna do a chickadee
monster yes we are going to play Mario
Odyssey which is why it would be very
important to get our capture card
working from Philippi
when Mario Odyssey comes out that's why
I actually I recently bought a second
switch dock just for the studio here
because I know a lot of switch games are
coming out and so we'll figure it out
I wonder epic Jason Sarah is there a
Metroid mod what's the site for months
there's one called
Nexus or you go to league just steam and
go to the workshop page for this game
specifically
there'd be like a like a various suit it
might be the very well might be right
that would be awesome Metroid Fusion
Oh soundtrack not the suit though I want
to suit not the soundtrack give me the
fucking suit I'm gonna be honest I'm
shocked there isn't one
who is that Everett though who's Garrett
Wang and some hairy Kim oh oh shit
well great he's live on Twitch right
great there goes our audience oh yeah
sorry guys bye I hope he doesn't decide
to do our night regularly Jesus Christ
poor Harry Kim they never had anything
interesting for him to do
it's like a dozen viewers really we
think there'd be more in the XCOM to
workshop I don't see any Metroid outfits
what you're saying is modders get on
this you know all right here's probably
a thing like something like the doom
Marines probably easy to go under like
the the engines accents sure take the 3d
model for doom welcome pull it out sure
sure it's probably harder to do for a
Nintendo game yeah oh they'd have to
create that by hand right
I guess it would be like it would be
even better if you could like when you
get the laser weapons just replace it
with the arm cannon it'd be awesome
sadly I'm not a truck person good for
him though yeah he's doing stuff I guess
it's good
how many how many people who watch red
letter media hard trick people I think I
think a ferry trip truck isn't isn't it
has never been as popular as other
sci-fi Trek has always had a negative
connotation a truck being a trek fan
even even within nerd culture itself
records are a different kind of nerd
everyone I know who called himself an
herb was a fan of truck yes that was
everyone you know was nerdy that I've
known like Trek know and I like Trek I'm
not I'm not dissing Trek
mind you the doom rate should be
actually a lot of people saying they got
into Trek because of our hearts because
you dickheads wouldn't stop talking
about oh that guy you find that weird I
really do so dank enough wale says rich
did Mike start the habit of calling you
by both your first and last name when
talking to you / about you is it just
the ease of saying rich Evans I noticed
all of our LM does this a fucking great
no idea why he started doing it and then
that just became the bit it does roll
off the tongue though yeah rich Evans
does bothering that's nothing there's
nothing wrong with being notice your
full name right right
but I have no idea why it started sure
it was just decided at some point that I
was a person who you would say their
full name sure you know not many
syllables not many syllables in your
name so you know what you do I think you
want to say more than rich just you know
yeah you want to say more than that okay
for Kevin's
the red Evek I'm sure we will be will be
discussing more Star Trek I still have
yet and it is still fresh and it's still
fresh I am not necessarily excited to
see it because of the things Ritchie
said but I'll watch eventually a well
and then rich and I will discuss but
let's give it a little more time
we'll see but what about those avatar
sequels right isn't everyone's super
excited about avid the avatar sequels
James Cameron needs to do something he
needs to do something and just stay out
of other filmmakers business that's the
big James Cameron thing like let him
make movies so he can stop complaining
about Wonder Woman in a recent interview
he doubled down on his Wonder Woman
comments I don't even know what is
Wonder Woman comments were back in the
day he back in the day a couple of month
ago a couple weeks ago he he was calling
out Wonder Woman for not being feminist
enough okay and basically his comments
boil down to
she can't be feminist because she's so
pretty so don't care about this oh right
right but and so then you know patty
Jenkins the director of Wonder Woman and
did a little shot back at him and you
know everything was cool like he said
some she shot back everything was fine
but then in a recent interview he
doubled down on his comments like you
know she really shouldn't she shouldn't
have done and then Linda Linda Hamilton
gotten far too many Linda's Linda Carter
got involved this is all fantastic and
very very glad for everyone involved the
moral of the story is James Cameron his
retirement is not going well he's
becoming a cranky old man retirement huh
he needs to keep his hands busy
Oh jackin is Linda Hamilton I there's a
lot of Linda's this Blair there's
Hamilton and Carter
cover doesn't mean anything against
Lawrence I'm just so used to taking
proper cover sure keeping good habits
rich right that's the thing Kellogg
crumb flakes but because because it
wasn't his kind of empowered woman he
felt he needed to say something but in
any case he's making new avatar move his
rich he started filming
I'm the new baptized that's great are
you so are you so fucking excited don't
fucking come are you so excited about
all the navitor movies no because no
because I'm a human being because you're
not James Cameron the entire population
of not James Cameron doesn't care about
about avatar
God just lost you're annoying you have
the the guy though
right so you're just you just getting to
the point extraction yeah the Avatar
theme park is still a thing there is
still an avatar section over at a what
is Disney World or Universal Disney not
sure is that one of the Disney's like
there's an avatar theme park yeah it's
just that hanging out there Disney's
weird Disney's weird you sure just need
have any Universal that doesn't make
much sense to me
you did this Universal really yeah
Disney World they're saying you never
know it are universal that you guys are
giving me a different thing it's an
animal kingdom at Disney World
there's an avatar world rich alright
that's what's happening right now
don't listen to chat I'm gonna I gotta
listen to you you're the oh yeah you're
my lifeline to the world outside of the
stream what am I gonna do
google it mmm that seems like a waste of
time take a lot of work like that
who thought this was a good idea hey I
know what would make X come good let's
have certain missions that are just a
tedious slog mm-hmm
i've ever been to lego world with the
kids we there's a place down near
Chicago that's like a like Lego
Discovery Center it's a big-ass Lego
store and like a small like a super tiny
amusement park we've been there a couple
times and last summer the summer before
that I forget we went to Legoland out in
California which is a big lego theme
park rides and all sorts of building
things and lego movie theaters and all
sorts of fun stuff and just giant lego
exhibits every word we spent two days at
Legoland last year
awesome fucking awesome
the sky Ranger how was it as an adult I
probably would have only spent one day
there you know it was still neat it was
actually like just walking around the
park they had you know amazing Lego
sculptures yeah hope oh yes
and so like that alone was worth it just
to see these gigantic fucking Lego
sculptures and they had need like
building areas like a little history of
Lego some lego sets that you could only
get at the park yes it was kind of cool
it was kind of neat without kids I don't
know depends on how big of a
later land was neat but some of the
bricks are badly faded sure what cuz
they're outside yeah but you need that
you need to see how the bricks link to
make it a cool Lego sculpture so it'd
have to like hand to paint yeah Matt do
a lot of masking do the Lego and
employees have to put everything away
they know but you know what they do do
which i think is great what they do do
Jack what legoland sort of the whole
park marathon stream 24-hour Lego sort
and all proceeds go to charity I love it
oh my god no they have like their master
builder area rich uh-huh master builder
area what is this so let you know you
know from the lego lego movie they call
the master builder that's an actual job
basically design the sets they design
the sets there they're in charge of you
know like making it efficient using
other pieces like it's a real job at
Lego and so they have like an on-site
master builder at Legoland and and there
were kerryanders and it's all the tiny
little drawers and everything is
perfectly organized it I could have
spent all day just watching the master
builder pick out stuff in our right was
great it was fucking great oh so no
here's the really neat thing that the
Lego employees had they all have a
little name badge and the name badge has
some some bricks on it and they all have
custom minifigures and if you bring your
own minifigure you can try to talk them
into trading and so you can spend all
day swapping minifig
with the employees until you get like
the coolest ones and I just thought that
was such a neat little metagame in the
park like every single employee
oh we want that one but do I have a cool
enough one to trade like you know
talking with the kids like really cool
bring yeah you bring your own minifigure
and then you trade with the employees it
was neat man so you have to bring your
own you do yeah you need one to trade
you have to sacrifice one if you're
wrong yeah you don't like that you have
enriched you have if you want the cooler
things you have to make the tough
decisions gotta make the tough calls
rich what do you do in XCOM when most of
the nations are panicking all at once
help me well building a satellite over a
country I'm assuming you're talking
about the previous game because you're
talking about countries panicking though
the satellite over the country it'll
bring the panic down a bit
some of the story missions will take
panic down across the board so are you
playing it I guess I don't know what
counts as a spoiler for you right now
but there's there's there's there's a
couple certain missions that are
storyline based and if you do them every
nation the panic will go down by one so
if you're having a really bad month with
panic just wait to near the end of the
month and do that mission everything
will go down you'll get a breather
yeah hey yeah we're over here now the
off switch we're on this side things are
different things are different things
are fresh we had our reasons it makes
more sense
why is this game so damn deep good
because the people who made it we're
good at making and the game there's a
sweet spot you could argue you can
easily make the argument that the
original XCOM is deeper sure sauce of it
micromanaging tedious sure I like it
well it's you know like true depth
versus like you know swims game player
what do they say that what's that that
game that people love to hate and I talk
about like how many dwarf fortress yeah
like oh you could just do so many things
is amazing you do all these things like
that sounds like tired tired tired oh
god I hope mission does not come up
shortly
I probably need at least five days see
motto yes we did we did talk to the the
art director and the game's director for
X come to we got a chance to to talk to
them about the making of X come to it
was he keeps coming back unto you
actually yeah there's this separate set
of missions to track him down
find his base and then when you go to
his base you can kill him for good oh
he's got a magic healing power something
magic it's alien technological healing
pod so then you have to blow that up and
then kill him and he's dead dead of
course no I didn't actually kill him I
hurt him enough that he teleported away
to his health pond my mistake I'm so
sorry that's my mistake
they track up heavy yet good stuff for
the game nun city yeah we started the
stream with cuphead played a couple
hours I think it's a game I don't I
don't think I can have a marathon
session gonna be short doses sure I
could find my I could find myself of
getting very lost in cuphead right just
finding that pattern finding the tail is
finding finding the right path so just
one of my covert op missions that I did
the one that I sent that sniper on was
to help track his based on I get you
we've made progress we found these three
there's three little missions you need
to do and then you know what you know
what is that you can go get him I did
I've done one over the three good
trial-and-error for sure well it is and
you know it's just figuring out what the
tells are because they are like the game
developers did a very good job of making
sure that the enemy Telegraph their
attacks sometimes there's a lot of
attacks and so just you have to be so
fuckin a hyper focused on that game it
was really a difficult stream yeah
yeah we got a couple hours overall I'm
enjoying it it's it's not I don't know
like it still doesn't necessarily feel
like what I expected come in yeah are
you expecting the boss fights I I was
expecting more Megaman country right I
was expecting real levels and then a
boss fight at the end and all we get you
know it's mostly boss fights with some
running gun levels and I'm not saying
it's a bad thing it's just not what I
expected oh yeah I watched someone run
the whole fucking thing yesterday took
like six hours yes that I'm getting I'm
getting the sense that it is a very
short game
somato everyone likes the visual style
that's that's why cuphead has been the
most talked about game for the past
three years is because it looks gorgeous
and it plays all right you know it's
kind of it decorate a soldier and call
it a night
yeah hey Jack talks rich about how much
you like playing wash
that's the Skywalker answer quick you
know I enjoyed out my play through a
fire watch that's great I'm happy for
you because I'm not I'm not something to
ogre that it's just people have to like
the things I like yeah and if they don't
they're evil I don't do that and you
know I completely understand why you
didn't much care yeah it wasn't
conversation but the most toxic
it was after after every III since 2015
cuphead has been the has been on the
games that we're so impressed by this
year's e3 Cup head has been talked about
non-stop for the past three years
absolutely alright
turbo you're the first one I said wants
it turbo turbo Dangerfield nice
and that was the other one that got
promoted
that helmet works with this outfit it
really does though those arms and legs
are from titanfall oh yeah I like it
I'll actually I really like that outfit
I put a visor on I don't like the visor
'less helmets yeah that guy look at that
schmuck
how did we get him for the mission okay
with the mission we did rescue a soldier
who was it ahead of me this guy Timmy
that's hurdle yes we are gonna do an
episode on cuphead we're gonna try
something a little bit different be
warned
we're gonna try something a little bit
different
we're gonna we're gonna test it out
cuphead episode see if it works
all right who else two more names then
Jack's gonna decorate somebody and yeah
then I'm done I'm done for the night I'm
gonna decorate
I'm Lemmy all right I'm Lemmy there you
go you have your first names Anna now
Joe Snow all right last ones Joe's snow
great can we make someone into a pretty
princess is that a thing you can do
can we give someone a fucking princess
dress I don't think I have any princess
dress mobs hold on I want to check that
one Jake the workshop they that would
probably be really hard to texture like
if I just need pants um here love a sex
change operation
what do you have for pretty pretty
princesses
and hearing nothing maybe we have a lot
of civilian clothes you could choose
from oh I don't think any of them are
pretty princess dress
all right around we just got it we got
new Tim what did you do
I have a mouse that's fine that one
should work fine yeah I'm gonna take the
workshop real quick I am legitimately
searching the workshop for princess all
right the red epic I'm just not talking
about discovery right now for a bit wait
on that we got some princess voice packs
but no princess outfits I'm sorry jack
gobbledygook says hey guys I tried
cuphead this weekend and it's really
gosh darn hard yeah yes that's true yes
what it doesn't remind me what what it
doesn't remind me of is a game that's
not hard at all called DC Universe
Online for the ps4 it's free you fucks
over the classics gotta love the
classics gotta love the classics
it's probably I'm here go to you know
what I'm as a sculptor rich you need
inspiration first you need to see you
need to see what you're making first and
release it from the rock so I'm just I'm
just looking here and just I don't think
I have the thing that gives you on
unrestrained customization options so
there's uh if you change the armor she's
wearing just so you know there's
probably a different set of clothes
you'd actually have to go out to loadout
and tell her to wear the different armor
I put them I gave her the armor that has
all the civilian options because you're
looking for a dress I thought there
might be something in there but the bulk
of my options are in the other go back
out loadout most people would trade
anything armor the top Joe snow probably
down a bit no kill her armor go up okay
there's probably different clothes to
choose from in there all right
great
Kevlar what what about Kevlar
it's it's it's it's it's a bulletproof
material what they make bulletproof vest
out of what how dare you
do it do it I'm playing dress-up here
you play dress-up I'll be back she's got
the big guns right we gonna do what are
we gonna do with her chat we like I feel
like maybe for her what we still need to
make her a pretty pretty princess that's
what we need to do yeah that's what I
that maybe we need to start with the
hairs and we'll okay there's a ton of
hairstyles here okay rich got the fancy
hair oh oh my god oh my God look at that
oh I don't mind that at all I don't like
that we can make her like a fashion
model princess okay this is where we're
gonna start
there's so many hairs like okay this
might seem like a silly question
I got a side pony a buck a side pony can
we do her makeup is that a thing that we
can do can we make her tracer yes
Oh see that's not well eclipse the
fucking face but you know that's fun too
it's just like even even this where it's
just something a little more more
natural no okay let's go this one
because I think oh oh that's neat and
she's a fashion model
no wait which one do we have now is that
her can that is bad hair I you know I
like this hair I think this hair works I
like the swoopy nature of it I want I do
want to do her makeup I feel this is
face I feel like I do want to do you
know what I like this better this is
softer she's gonna be our princess face
paint
I Lana oh here we go here we go
Oh Princess Mononoke again no we just
were just gonna give her a little bit of
makeup like make it yeah here we go
and then lower face
bring in our earrings press oh hey whoa
what switch the different kerger look at
that oh yeah that's that's princess one
side it's princess it's the best I could
do
but there's curly hair what about what
I'm going for here is is here's here's
what I'm going for is she's got the big
guns right yeah and so I'm going for
pure juxtaposition I'm just gonna make
her the prettiest I can the prettiest
and daintiest I can with the big did you
look at all the hair there's one that's
just pure curls
I think it's near the bottom like that
not enough it's not pretty I don't know
I don't think that's pretty good
it's not pretty like this is pretty dank
and maybe this is me you know like
projecting my own desires the wanting
like giant hair but there we go what I
was hoping to do is give her a lipstick
and it's just the one the one side is
very not princess is there not no face
pants huh the face pants not have makeup
they only have eyeliner I'm sorry which
you know I give her I gave her her
eyeliner
Carrie yeah but we nice Braveheart yeah
so they have different eyeliners and so
I'm just going with it with a basic
eyeliner I'd love some red lipstick
though just really make that pop but you
know I guess she's going for natural and
I we're just gonna have to be okay with
that
okay this is pretty pretty princess get
Jack the download princess shed there's
a princess shut Jack can download I know
I googled it I I went this huh what's
this let me go to the workshop what do I
search for in the workshop just click on
I just want to be pretty and that's okay
fancy dress party ah this looks great
this looks great I'm looking for a
pretty princess in fancy dress party oh
my god this is part of why because you
can get clown yeah okay okay all right
hold on let's see what we got here
see oh we could get a tiara might be
worth it might be worth it for the Thai
tiara
no no not worth it for the tiara just
for a tiara no okay all right I'm going
back to making her making it because you
know beyond princess I just want her to
be dainty I feel like that's funniest
cuz she has a giant ass gun oh you know
what might help go to character info
attitude happy go-lucky I switch it
that's not much that's a glad she's not
a happy but she's twitchy right now okay
there we go nice got a little smile on
her face yeah yeah great okay so that's
good at civilian stuff change your armor
and loadout you check check courses here
maybe maybe this mod has the civilian
ones for every available here I'm not
sure here it's gonna like Belsen wait
turn off or you're gonna have that belt
on all the time oh my god torso gear
yeah
damn there are a lot of options to be
fair like I said I've got I just
downloaded a bunch of cosmetic mods look
there we go we'll just make her
invisible yeah I think you can put like
every part to be invisible I'm just
having a gun floating around oceans
outfit yeah yeah that's fun
that's fun but you know no okay so we
need out so we need the other armorer
yep your hair went back we can fix it we
can fix it well I know what hair I want
now did her make him go back to did her
face change too apparently it saves for
the armor of the the cosmetics we got it
we got a look I appreciate this
yeah whatever pants she's wearing
probably gonna have to turn off because
it's clipping but sure
perfect
okay now so civilian BF this area oh
look yeah those are nice pants but look
I think look at their legs in the bottom
near the bottom of her legs I think
something's clipping through so go there
and just say none see what happens go
none I don't know oh it's not none
what's clipping through what does that
look something looks weird about maybe
just shadow the shadow look like
something clipping through sure okay now
we need to hit fix this hair situation
fighting there we go I feel like her
face changed too but I guess none oh it
take off her eyeliner
see that's the difference I wonder makes
jack she looks like you should look like
she had a whole different face it did oh
this multiply this like different
eyeliners yeah the other ones were like
big I want to say I got a different face
to give her
this one what are the other ones down
there
aliens yeah okay there we go
that is pretty princess the arranged huh
oh my god her earrings I forgot about
her earrings where is that upper face
prop earring
earrings okay great now something really
important
she was give her a shoes give her shoes
we can't give her pretty shoes look at
that you know what she is she's like
she's like a mom she's like a mom who
who just found her kids gun it's like
I'm gonna help in the war this is great
look at her look at her hair flow oh
she's gonna make great propaganda
posters rich don't worry dear I'll take
care of those nasty little aliens help
mom take out Edvin ah great there you go
Joe snow you are a pretty pretty but you
know what you know what Joe snow is he's
a modern princess like Kate Middleton
you don't see her wearing the big fancy
dresses she's sensibly dressed this is a
modern princess alright great thank you
for letting me play dress-up where we
Gatling gun grace she can do it alright
now is the time in the stream in which
we thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very
extreme yeah much like gibbous moon for
25 fucking months in a row man that is
moose nice civilisations machine gun
funk for 17 months at roses thanks gents
for all the hours of entertainment
you're welcome you're welcome kid thank
you machine gun funk let's take it
around Bajor Ville kz7 for thirty four
fucking months in a row that's almost
three years of this shit it's true beer
coaster for 12
months in a row honks ooh toad decimals
for 23 fucking months in her own tote
decimals says cuphead and a new primus
album released on the day verily you are
right our cups runneth over and over
that's true the primus out for anyone
anyone interested in new primus I hear
it's pretty good hecka for 39
motherfucking months a neurosis 39
months I think when I first subscribed
cuphead was announced at e3 and now
we're finally playing it it's okay at
least it isn't lego sort of true Xenu
who says this is a great way to
celebrate six months having a gay old
time watching cuphead chaps Jordana says
on my anniversary I have a two-part
question one is my ex come to character
still alive - and this one is critical
if she is alive does she have a cute
outfit Jordana if you're part of Rich's
x-com one stream probably no cute outfit
no ex come - they said AXA comes here
okay
trying to remember if Jordana is still
alive probably I don't think I have many
deaths
I haven't been able to give everyone a
cute outfit yet hold on the game still
love right yeah oh the real quick
go to the let's go to the menu with all
the people
you're alive you're on a covert action
right now Julia Jordana which means I
can't check to see what you're wearing
and fortune cookie we haven't got a
chance to even okay so we would kind of
usually we wait until they they level up
to a class right before making them yeah
that's great okay uh we're worried so
yeah Jordana still alive that's great oz
Mike for 33 fucking months in a row and
Oz Mike says what in the Christ have I
stepped into with this stream
I'm currently sick with the flu in this
game is like a walking nightmare a
waking nightmare Cheers probably back up
head but yeah cup head is a whole lot I
was I was fighting it the other day and
my kids came into my office and I cannot
count how many times they said what like
they have never seen anything like Cup
head they were in gross rich they seen
an old school cartoon I mean we was this
completely alien to them yeah Oh
completely and yeah they've never seen
anything like that and like as I was
playing they're just like what is what
is happening is like they were going to
have an embolism which is they were so
blown away by just the the cartoon
insanity Zant's for 12 months in a row
says I'd like to thank Jack rich and the
dicks for the past year I don't know
what I'd have done without you heart
emoji thank you
Mick pimpy Randolph the rag this is two
months already
y'all Rock
gutter stars for 21 fucking months in a
row says thank you thank you
TP courier no a Binga dude general Gore
says check and/or rich have you heard of
doorman ah domino domino oh it's a
gladiatorial based with great AI battles
the game was wonderfully addictive on
the strengths of the soundtrack alone
here is the track the game opens with
plus fun gameplay and UI right I'm not
familiar with it I was having trouble
going to sleep last night and so I was
just flipping through the channels and I
came across the the most general gore
makes me think about it
yeah the most bare bones basic boring
ass procedural ever and it's like oh
that's perfect late night TV and it was
called major crimes it wasn't even like
you know like you know SVU Chicago PD
was just major crimes that are big right
but I couldn't decide whether or not it
was like big crimes or if that was the
name of the character major crimes I'm
here to bust down on you punks it's
great general gore major crimes
Zack wave disease tempest ah the blue
review who says oh my god jack is right
this game is contra if it was made in
the 30s country were made in the 30s it
would be a puppet show someone would be
cranking symmetrize telescope things on
it and the little flaps would come down
and see an animation and that's what
countries older man and then he'd do a
flip
that's what that's what they called uh
that was the old school gift
who was the CinemaScope cop yeah it was
basically cop cop like there were police
caps major crimes investigating units 78
are you committee soon god I didn't have
to read that
why are you Kim MIDI sue is the name dr.
guns 420 lawns
Oh 2/3 non-sensitive bad gases you're
both great thanks for all the
entertainment your mother you're great
nonsense and I bet you're near great
frozen zigu rot says thank you
five my lead which I can only assume
they want to say suck my weight or fuck
my that's five foot maybe yeah okay
there's two arcs on multiple levels is
this like an onion it stinks
ah yes Rudie Rudie Medicine says thank
you for all the wonderful entertainment
in the past and future it's good that
there are a few YouTube channels we're
still making quality content only we are
one of them one called monkey there's
nothing I love more than my own jokes
pretending
79 says three months of subscribing one
year of watching thank you thank you
fuzzy brick you are my fire capitals
helps so much can I do
ermahgerd dear boobs ever good do boobs
sagen 12 24 32 fucking months in a row
quasi chol question number 16
gobbledygook for 38 motherfucking months
in a row gobbledygook says it just got
back from watching Flatliners they
remade Flatliners rich they remade
Flatliner
can you even imagine that that's gonna
move you remake I'm gonna give that a
plus something that wasn't an amazing
movie no it's just so recent Flatliners
nineties right like late eighties it
that is young Kiefer Sutherland that was
young Kiefer Sutherland and Kevin Bacon
now I'm curious flat
99 is right on the right oh yeah yeah
with Ellen Page sorry they've remade it
I'm okay with that you're okay with I'm
okay with that
that just seems like too soon it's not a
say it's not a sacred classic I don't
think it's too soon that was okay no and
you know what that's fair I like a
button you know what we're getting we're
getting older Flatliners yeah that's
three years away from being 30 years old
uh three years away from being 30 years
old it is not too soon and I'm just an
old man yes just come back from watching
Flatliners spoiler alert those fucks
never stay dead rich how much of a tip
does it take for you to destroy
Hollywood I do it every day every day
comes into work punches the clock gets
around Hollywood over it's what I do one
movie flipped Master Yoda who says thank
you rich and Jack and Jay and Josh and
Mike and Karen a Jim and Colin from
Canada and big luck to all of you at the
movie dicks NOLA for Jillian she has
been joseline she hasn't been on an old
thank you no love for Laura's story
alien super cocaine 17 bucks in her own
belt Apple who says how do you feel
about what - compared with enemy within
deal Z war the chosen compared to enemy
within
that's a weird comparison just cuz
they're both expansion packs which do
you think expanded more probably
probably more the chosen expands more
yeah probably yeah okay enemy within a
new mechanic with the Mel the new
trooper then you got the terrible exalt
missions and then enemy within you got
three
new troopers three new three new classes
new mechanic with the fatigue and a new
mechanic with the bonding Oh
two new fairly big mechanics and a
horrible faction that nobody likes in
the lost I guess I guess you know were
the chosen as for sure sure non-city
oh yeah Frisco Jones for 37
motherfucking months in a row
Walt Heisenberg for 36 for 36
motherfucking oh we don't ever confetti
Oh set up for the other thing I did
another thing they got their confetti
you got your confetti you bested you
filthy bested once Heisenberg says would
you say this expansion is worth the 60
bucks for the chosen how I'm Shiela vex
come how much you love X come I guess if
it's your first time playing X come you
don't need it right that's you know that
that's what it's all about is how many
hours are you gonna put in 60 it's like
40 or something right
what is it currently going for
60 seems high I don't think of a 60
visiting the store page Forex come to
right now or at the chosen it's 4:40
where the chosen is 40 the base game is
16 I think it's worth it huh do you
think were the chosen is worth it for
for buying them both at the same time
yeah if you don't have you know the base
game yeah that would hurt
that would really hard sucks yes that's
a bit much and I might just go with the
base game to start sure but if you if
you already get you know 80 hours into
the base game adding that other 40 but
you know like you start you start doing
V like hour per dollar ratio and I've
got like over 300 hours into it right
now so me it was a pretty good purchase
yeah well they go well there you go
let's see here man pandamonium says
almost half a year with you hack frauds
your streams keep me sane while I draw
all day at work I do concept art for
video games and you guys give me the
chuckles while I make things great way
to do it
glad to do it quality pixel the off
switch for 21 fucking months in a row
who says I am disgusted by this channels
sudden lurch to the right of my screen
hashtag not my channel I get it I get I
get it funny politics politics you're
glad the last thing that Trump did sorry
I know you were gonna go into it we're
not muted we're not muted that didn't
work I think oh we didn't when we when
we when we restarted yeah I forgot to
rerun with we forgot to rerun the script
that automatically
