Jan 29, 2017
Master Spy, Valkyria Chronicles
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/122277306
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/122506354
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2igKSbl3sFk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLcD2f8kNAM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/825810521047842818

[Part I]
or even honestly I don't think I've seen
this you know you came in while I was
banging you go alright alright so while
we wait for Valkyria chronicles to
download because rich forgot to download
it oh also turn down the distant well
then or just turn go to options in-game
okay how's everyone doing hello should I
continue or should I start I have no
idea what's going on there's no game
start new game sure yeah yeah look this
is not Valkyria chronicles its
downloading its downloading we'll get to
it it's downloading rich didn't download
it we could do more than one game a
night and and I said hey there's this
game that you you thought looked pretty
neat before you know when I was playing
before so stealthy stole that stealth
yourself and after the last week it was
already a protest or is it still
considered whining oh don't worry about
guys um hi hi everybody hi put me
personally I love you guys thanks
hopefully everyone saw the new nerd crew
new nerd guru podcast pretty good stuff
I don't know if I have rich heavier plug
the Wayne's World Games no there are
guards in those rooms oh hi everybody hi
this looks like a rich game no this is a
Jacke game I get in with elements of
rich game because you're a sneaky spy
and rich love being a sneaky spy
yeah guys were to go all the way to the
end no yep he does let's let's give
politics a break today
looks like a bitching about my calling
the protesters whiners is that it the
protests that accomplished nothing
besides making the people you need to
win over think you're a butter whiner
we can all disagree on what it
accomplished but let's not talk about is
how I started that sentence to defend my
position sure and we're done talking
about yes great everyone what's the
premise of this game you're a sneaky spy
and you have to get if you see right
below that door there's like a little
flashing keep on you need to get the key
card to get out of the level and that's
it and that's it
and so rich is being a sneaky spy and
that's it yes let's all listen to Jack
because Jack is very smart
we're just gonna play a little bit of
this as we wait for Valkyrie Chronicles
Oh dogs can smell you by the way did you
guys hear that large dog yes yes I know
rich is very excited about Valkyrie
Chronicle Chronicles my volume is too
low then I will just I'll just move my
mic closer because I don't want to go
all the way over to the zoom it's way
over there then I have to get up and
that's no fun so I'll just move it
closer to me so when you're out of cloak
you can you know jump or move faster is
the real thing
yes this is Harry Potter's invisibility
cloak
pretty fancy technology stuff I also
love that you can just kind of see his
little spy head on the top of it all
right let's see here sanik ACK says rich
Evans the nerd crew episode 2 was one of
the funniest to rlm pieces in the last
15 years it was pretty damn good what
does it feel like to be the new rlm the
leading man I don't know that I've kind
of always been the Earl I'm leading man
and that's really sad like that's really
really sad yeah you you know that's
that's your job
we we got a little sneak peek at the
nerd crew podcast before it went up and
man the room was ablaze with laughter
it was great Jay I thought Jay looked
hilarious him in that hat with it with
his big fake glasses yeah that was
hilarious
nice the guards could only the stationed
guards can only see when you're in the
like directly on top of them pretty much
pretty much I don't know rich were you
were you actually gagging yes that's the
grossest such as life flashed nerd jay
is best of Jay I think I know the end of
the snow rich did not know what was
inside nope
the heat crater or nerd box which is
what made it so fun
rich does written you know what rich you
suffer for your art do you know that I
do know that
Oh close
jaqen rich please talk about Western or
the musical well it's not what do you
want to know about it it's not Western
or the musical it's the Western or
musical the fucking musical about rocks
and I can tell you the premise of that
is for the 48 hour film festival if they
got the category Western or musical and
so they did the Western oh shit or
musical you might be able to like if you
fall again you might be able to jump up
the left side
I can tell you is it was it was funny it
was a big pain but making all those
songs but everyone had a good time
Oh way on the end gotcha nice nice catch
Gavin everyone in chat is only showing
up twice for you I don't see them
showing up twice nope
yeah for the for one song rich rich sang
so poorly that I just decided to dub him
over with my singing voice because that
was my only choice they for every other
one I I kind of like tried my best to
cut the the video segments to two there
at natural voice but like when they were
singing they didn't sing to a metronome
or anything which is pretty horrible
Oh boom so it was pretty horrible but it
was it was a fun experience I like the
48 hour film festivals it's great a
great excuse to make some shit great
excuse to make stuff
well brontosaurus I'm sorry Jase not
here tonight and sometimes Jays here and
sometimes Jay is not here it is fun when
J is here but I'd like to think that
it's also fun when Jay is not here as
long as we don't constantly talk about
where J is that's when it gets a little
annoying for everyone who's like I have
not seen either lala land orb the
bye-bye man I do want to see lala land
though never remember murmur
oh and the arrival was really yes the
arrival not via arrivals just just
called arrival arrival has been
re-released in theatres because of all
of the Oscar buzz so if you did not get
a chance to see a rival make sure you
see it in theaters it's a great movie
rich what arrivals come to theaters
again just heads up you should go see a
rival because it's a rival it's great
everyone loves a rival even though Amy
Adams did not get an Oscar nomination
which is funny it's fine I guess but I
thought she was really good in it what
can you do what can you do me nothing I
can literally do nothing if you won't
get an award that will do nothing to
change your life know her her
association of the movies she's been in
my change hers a little bit I don't
think so she already gets a ton of roles
it's not gonna change her life like a
guaranteed minimum a lot of money you
pay an Oscar winning after her actress
but she's already in a SAG thing I know
she's already know I don't think it's a
SAG thing I think that's set by the
person or their manager okay so
what
I could not have pestered my cousin to
vote for Amy Adams because my cousin is
a director so he can only vote for Best
Director I have some actor friends in
the guild and I don't know who they
voted for but that's just a couple of
oats it really wouldn't matter it really
would not have mattered
arrival gave me small hope that Blade
Runner 2 might not be complete trash
yeah yeah yeah does that have voting
works to my knowledge that is how voting
works for the Oscars if you are in the
directors guild you vote for Best
Director if you're in the actors guild
you vote for our actors producers
editors etc so you only vote for your
field
I think only category everyone votes in
this Best Picture that's possible
easy huh or is it Oh easy huh
nice rich
what
he's just a giant voting is just a giant
ad campaign well it really is like they
vote you know like there are there are
huge like billboards and press things
for like voting for Oscars like please
tell y'all consideration this smoothie
it's it's a whole other industry because
getting Oscar nods means that maybe your
movie can be shown in more theaters and
it's a little more pressed buzz I also
like the music in this game
wicked Scotty
it's great
cabron 3 says when you guys do Star Trek
and Star Wars videos and you have all
that merch is that bought just for the
video or is Mike a hoarding manchild in
secret no every time we film a Star Wars
video we throw out all of the old merch
and then we buy new merch for the next
time and you know the funny thing is we
we don't have a P o box that people send
us stuff - yeah lot lot of that is sent
here to be fair oh yeah to be fair
though having said that when we made the
first nerd for video I was I was
basically handed $300 and told to go all
of the Star Wars merchandise I could
find well I think the question was like
like after you use it in the videos do
you take it home no it stays here I you
know what I took home a little mini TIE
fighter
oh did you because it was a neat little
mini TIE fighter so I got that on my
desk so you saw wise you stole you stole
stolen okay
yeah I think I think most of it stays
here to be used in later videos as props
but uh I was checking out all that crap
embarrassing a guy a guy in front of me
in lines like slow observing a Star Wars
party someone's having a Star Wars party
yeah yeah yeah thank you kind of we're
kind of a mellow about the whole Star
Wars thing it's for video making fun of
people who would have a Star Wars party
it's not my kid it's for my kids yep and
my kids
rich yeah really excited you're trying
out Valkyrie yes i'll kiria Valkyria my
favorite ps3 exclusive hope you enjoy
but it's cool if you don't it's kind of
like XCOM with anime I played it a
little bit the other night I wanted to
be a little bit familiar for diving
right into it yeah how come I could do
this before I get this key card you
couldn't or you can't good
no I can't I don't know I don't know me
in I don't know you know if you want to
go over to Valkyr it's probably
downloaded oh not this little area yeah
you want to try to beat the level at
least yeah how much was that camera that
rich almost smashed worth a lot with all
the lenses and stuff oh yeah that would
have been that would have been a
difficult to replace
we'll practice this of course that time
it's perfect yep death count Nyko says
hey Jack enriched a long time lurker
first time tipper rich what is your
favorite interpolation of quantum
mechanics Copenhagen or are you a
multiple worlds man best wishes from
Germany I will say I don't know that
much about the quantum mechanics okay I
appreciate physics
I think III I love astronomy I
absolutely love astronomy and while I
appreciate physics quantum mechanics is
above my fucking head right the theory
of anything's possible so everything's
possible is kind of was that what was
that me yeah what was that rich
let God says I worked at Hasbro during
rogue one toy design thanks for spending
those three hundred dollars to support
my friends and coworkers
that's right rich you help welcome you
helped American jobs good old-fashioned
American jobs in the toy building
industry all right I got in nice
yeah Bab was so fucking dumb I've had a
$1,000 lens destroyed filming BMX stuff
yeah
sorry that happens that just happens
sometimes it's the that's the cost you
pay that's the cost you pay that's the
price you pay is the more accurate way
to say then I always always get a little
protector protection if you can you can
buy like you can buy a piece of
Plexiglas at Home Depot for like 10
bucks just put that right in front of
your camera if you have any weird shoots
that you think might go haywire or might
get wet or might get muddy a little
piece of Plexiglas can go a long way
nope
nurp should come out with a camera line
have you seen the new GoPros you go
GoPros are pretty impressive
the problem with filming BMX is it's
almost 100% follow fisheye so the camera
is always always close to danger
oh sorry sorry man yeah then you just
got a GoPro but I know everyone does the
GoPro right Oh
I thought you had a barrage
I have not tried let it die yet but I'm
just right in the mix I'm looking into
it it looks good well at a time that is
the suit of 51 oh yeah I forgot about
three to play I clean forgot about that
I did darksouls somebody in the chat
mentioned ID we just took a look at it
before the screen I was a shadow shadow
tactics shadow tactics yeah it's fucking
amazing yeah that was they they they
they gave that just for you like rich
will love this
I'll try but I don't know who that is so
if it's a known content thief there's I
don't know if there's a lot we can do
about it what happened I was just asking
if you like if you anything was being
done about known content thief insert
content thief's name here every time I
watch our alum stuff they are
recommended to me would this be that
film gob yeah
what is hey I don't know much as you see
it I've seen them you seen them and what
is it they do mashups of our stuff with
other people they'd actually with the
nerd crew they did a mash-up of us and
Collider
that's not content I know that's a whole
different thing as long as they don't
straight like they they are using
they're literally using the material
remix in it to make a point a lot like
what our home touch right yeah you can
go actually where the were the triangles
meets and they won't catch it really
yeah oh how come I can't stand on the
edge of this one well one that one
oh well no the guard Caillou
know what to the very edge of the listen
I don't know how it works so you say I
can stand between them clothed or
unclothed yes I yes
I don't believe that I'm not taking a
stance in this issue just want to tell
joke without further ado a fair use ya
know like I I saw I saw that
why would I assume that would be the
case oh wait oh it's just motion their
motion detector oh that's what it is
well there you go their motion detectors
so yeah like if that's what the film gob
does if he matches up our LM stuff with
other stuff there's I don't think
there's a problem as long as he doesn't
just straight-up steal a chunk of thing
oh yeah some of them are hard to see
EPIK Jason X 9000 says I was looking at
a future movie releases the other day
and I found out that Hollywood is making
four completely different Robin Hood
adaptations yeah you think it's time you
think it's time for more Robin Hood it's
been a while what was the last was the
last one Prince of Thieves might know
wasn't they just did a Russell Crowe
yeah yeah now went over like gangbusters
that was not easy
you overall they don't oh you just stay
between their hey yeah that was Ridley
Scott right
Ridley Scott takes out a Robin Hood for
the last time
has anyone ever given a fuck about Robin
Hood
it all Flynn yep there you go
also that Disney one was all right like
with the Fox and stuff it was alright no
worth it yeah yeah oh gotta be quick
can we quick now Brooks made a decent
one that's right and Robin Hood been in
tight really I think there was Mel
Brooks in the dance and a slope and not
as down as some of his other movies not
saying it's his greatest movie I would
put it up there as a good Mel Brooks I'd
count it count it as a good Mel Brooks
oh man having
I could watch minute I said anything I
like it I'll put that up as a good mom I
think I didn't care for that one or dead
loving it
oh god didn't loving it was awful
Dracula didn't loving it starring Leslie
Nielsen horrible showing for both both
comedians comedians man I thought Robin
Hood men in tights had some good points
Carrie L use is basically modern-day
Errol Flynn yeah he looks at the par to
some good jokes oughta get quality gags
Dave Chappelle
yeah some fine stuff some fine stuff
let's see here
loner our John says how much did that
ray action figure cost either defiling
it I didn't I didn't buy that one I
didn't know but Mike bought all the
stuff that went my nerd boxes I had no
idea what was in the nerd boxes I know
you love that ray doll I showed it to
you before you saw the nerd group that's
drew do you like Jackie got a rich is so
happy about that ray doll
will we be selling it during the next
eBay auction probably not that one that
one stays here no one stays here it's my
favorite thing but nobody goes shit I
think we might auction it oh you have a
voice rich you can make sure it's not
auctioned gahafer Jack no I still have
not seen Noah and I really want to but I
have not but I really want to and now
and now as of this very moment I now
have three projects that I'm editing and
so it's it's probably just not gonna
happen anytime soon unless I can
convince Lisa to watch it with me and I
don't think she wants to yourself
unfortunately okay well I'm sure
Valkyria is done let's see here Humberto
cabbage patch says loved the nerd crew
video did Mike find the Rey action
figure like that or did he alter it
oh he altered himself yeah yeah he
definitely altered it himself early
super bowl stream next week maybe you
think Jack what do you think what should
we do a European stream it's Super Bowl
oh well you want to watch the Super Bowl
because I you know I don't give a shit
about stable so
if your but our viewers might our
viewers mind
um what's superbowl usually that's an
afternoon isn't it six evening are these
motion sensors I think those are just
lasers yeah all right curium great oh
yeah change the thing over here move
game sucks game Valkyria nope that's
nice spell that that's not how you spell
that at all rich is that it
nope what is that white that's it
Valkyria chronicles there's a lie in
there VA l KY rai a master of the
Valkyria updated we are ready to go
don't forget to update oops
so doesn't say master spy shit yeah
shit yeah
so I guess I'm gonna say 70% chance of
early stream Super Bowl Sunday okay 70%
chance I would I like the idea of a
narrow stream and obviously I don't care
about sports so yeah what happened did
me small I can't tell if that is what
science appropriately that's fine it's
fine you know what it's fine what should
we do is Super Bowl Sunday I don't know
last time we did sports games that's
true that's true that and that was kind
of fun we could find some sports games
we'll see 70% 75% chance I had just
bumped it up a little bit I'm Americo
Cabbage Patch play pokemon rich can
continue his epic we can we find that
save I don't know we played that we
didn't play that on my computer what do
we play that on yours your old one your
laptop your is it on your your laptop I
don't remember I don't remember how we
played Pokemon we got to find that safe
okay could always do more rocket League
oh man I could do more rocket League any
time I fuckin love rocket League I
fucking love it
Hey Valkyria Chronicles
what we're gonna hurts this is TV
getting 60 60 yep you can go up to 60
great that's good
great great everything's great
everything great Sara Chen says hi jack
how's Pokemon
I've been going backwards son why oh my
god Ruby starting and starting white
soon the further I go the more jarring
it feels since son was my first ever
what's your favorite old Pokemon game I
honestly have not played a Pokemon game
since I played Pokemon moving on stream
because I I'm just not liking Pokemon
moon or Pokemon why it's tragic you've
got like 80 older Pokemon game can you
play exactly it sucks that you don't
have that that that two more or really
one more one and a half more because of
the same game would like a slightly
different roster oh the wine moon are
completely different a completely
different game so so I have not been
playing the Pokemon games because I just
I just don't care for them as much I can
tell you my eight-year-old who's been
making his way through pokemon emerald
just this morning finally beat the Elite
Four and the end boss after the Elite
Four
mm-hm and I can't I came down you know
usually like on the weekends like we'll
let him go downstairs and just hang out
and play video games or watch TV or do
whatever until you know so it gives us
like an extra half hour sleep yeah and I
come downstairs and he was beaming just
I did it I'm the champion of the region
and I'm like yeah yeah yeah he was super
excited just super excited to play the
game and we and beat the game cuz he's
been he's been struggling with the Elite
Four for a while now so yeah so he was
super excited about that now he's really
excited about going through all of the
the new region that's unlocked
shows another region after you beat the
game huh that's nice
there's there's a whole set a new
Pokemon defined and a whole nother
region to explore after you beat the the
main story so I was I'm pretty happy
with that
look just because I hate a lot of anime
tropes doesn't mean I hate anime as an
art style I don't think you understand
that what was that game we're looking at
we saw an ad for it on Steam before we
started we're looking at like what were
the new games what was it called
okay so there were two of them uh-huh
one was literally called panty party
this is what I don't like about anime
that has nothing to do with the art
style itself I well and the other one
was um what was the other one go to the
store you're right there right there
okay go to the store and just go down oh
yeah we were looking at shadow tactics
featured featured yeah go down to the
new ones because this is the important
part this is why love ribbon Oh God
so now just no no God don't go to the
store page Jesus Christ don't go to the
store page okay so here is the synopsis
for love Riven love ribbon is a Yuri
girl girl visual novel about forbidden
love between two sisters and this is why
rich Evans is correct about all anime
crap we have to maintain our twitch
channel I'm actually afraid to watch the
advertisement but look is very afraid to
watch that ad move it look at this this
is this shit panda bars shit get the
French out of clothes shit right no look
at look at the other one Sakura agent
nudity adventure casual indeed all the
anime things with the naked girls just
watch pornography man
why are you gotta go to that they have a
whole thing of pornography crazy it's
literally everything that's that's weird
about anime right there are the top
three new games on Steam
popular new releases yep yep those were
in popular new releases hello the master
you fuck as well Travis Travis touchdown
is the pinnacle of America right Travis
touchdown is a parody he's a person who
likes anime can try and he's kind of
just a disgusting pink in the east
Travis touchdowns is sad tired I know it
should be streamed Super Bowl Sunday
that's right we won't get popped we
won't get caught playing panty party on
Super Bowl Sunday because all of the
twitch mods will be watching the Super
Bowl that's when we can that's when we
can get a get away with it right perfect
I love it
cut print
with its vast military superiority
struck hard gaining ground in early
victories all right what do we got here
an anonymous says you know how rich says
video games want to be art so they get
all sad to meet that end it's not just
games Manchester by the sea is an
endurance test of human misery skip it
hidden figures instead hear really good
things about him I'm not I'm not big on
bio things usually it's entirely real
people avalanche
based on real people who did not get the
credit they deserved in the early days
of NASA as it was yep racially divided
times but yeah here it's a very good
movie I'm not in the bio fix button what
do I think of this or the story in this
I haven't really gotten very far into
this at all I've seen it a little bit
just to get a feel for the game flow
before we started rather than trying to
learn everything during a straight
involve having a chat mmm seemed um I
played a little bit of this first yep
probably about an hour in and the love
stories about a subtle is a sledgehammer
but there's nothing another thing I find
awful just yet
that's right when did when did when did
buy op exchange into biopics I think
it's it's like Tomatoes biopic - I've
never heard of called bioptics I've
heard that sounds like some kind of a
name that Ben Franklin discarded for the
bifocals I've heard that before I think
it's tomato tomahto you can call it a
biopic or a biopic I like biopic because
yeah when you say biopic you think of
laser eye surgery yeah yeah
I've only ever heard biopic yeah yeah
breathe put your hands in here just hit
buttons to continue the talking you're
gonna you're gonna leave me with the
cutscene yeah yeah haven't seen you
around before what the French what's
your name my name's Welkin and you are
the one with the gun
we're with the Brule Town watch rich
rich leaves me with the cutscene I'm
wondering what you've been writing in
that little book you've got there
Imperial spies are in the area nothing
really
I was just sketching the fish and death
you know yes oh I know and you know
there's a war on don't you know I hate
it rich doesn't give a freaking heck no
he does not
they're arresting him for drawn fish
what the truck man
he just was
okay a new episode has been out of great
no can do that I have to I have to view
the episode son son of a son of a birch
tree really very good thank you
so you see I really was just sketching
maybe or this could be some kind of
secret code this is my time finding out
for sure great I I feel I feel like like
taking advantage of your timing is
perfect
wait don't you live at the old generals
house that's right I'm general Gunther
stop the sauna you do know everyone's
supposed to evacuate right yes I'm aware
of that my brother's here to help me
move to the capital
the game is me but there are like three
cutscenes for every time you actually
get to play it rich is using me as a
cutscene mule just making me check
through these cutscenes so he can play
the game I was just doing my job you
know I saw you with the notebook and
thought you were a spy I'm not your damn
cutscene mule rich oh Jesus Christ
guilty as charged I'm so into it
sometimes I forget where I am you know
it's just when it's we're not gonna call
this - Jesus Christ shut up already
because rich didn't get to play a little
bit and seem to like it but yeah you
know we do get a lot of a lot of
requests as far as like no this is the
one anime thing so yeah it's just it's
just you know sometimes we take chats
suggestions and sometimes we don't and
yeah sometimes we like it sometimes you
don't rich likes this well it's it's so
far what I played it's not a terrible
turn-based strategy game ya got none
that eggs come but
okay oh is this a game now um maybe flee
okay
this is fun
that's one okay here's the plan
okay here's the plan leftover beefcake
is voting for panty party first they are
like this game you might actually like
Final Fantasy Tactics he could I could
see that oh that's what everyone says
everyone says that Final Fantasy Tactics
is the yc3
you know what I want to find I want to
find the ps2 alien versus Predator
versus Space Marine game yeah it's a
it's a I think I have that one on PC
that made the minion
several of them it's the realtime
strategy game real thing Oh strategy
it's a real-time I don't have that one
alien versus Predator versus face Marin
game weird yeah I remember playing it
back in the day and it's really fun to
play as the alien building nests having
all your little babies come on the tag
yeah what's it called
I think it's oh maybe it's just a lien
versus Predator the strategy game it is
on PC fuck yeah love that game it
probably sucks in hindsight it you know
look here's the map and I pick a
character and I move the character and
we we the shoot of things yeah these are
all things I could appreciate great
great it's fun to shoot a things the
alien versus Predator extinction people
are saying it all right there's one
thing I'm not particularly fond of okay
alright that yeah still counts as me
being in cover if I get shot at really
yeah
just because you're by covers I'm by
cover other than that that's a bit weird
so wait it doesn't matter which side of
the cover you're right oh well they
can't take that everyone gets free
overwatch shots okay so if he were
facing me I would have been like shot at
the whole the whole run like up here
okay but so there's flaking in the sense
that if you get around behind them they
can't take overwatch shots at you as you
approach them alright
other than that this is I'm fully
uncovered right now facing him on the
other side of the cover interest yeah
great wrench yeah did you see the new
art of Big Trouble in Little China book
that was Justin out no I did not know
you're a fan maybe something interested
in that could be a nice coffee table
book the arch maybe
about using cover this is a bag of sand
Crouch will appear press a to take cover
behind them whilst holding cover units
will be harder to target take less
damage and immune to headshots or and
critical damage meanwhile eunuch above
doing so will be good see you see how he
was shooting at me yeah because I use
face me alright he gets just gets keep
shooting but if I go behind a meter okay
but yeah I'm not saying I like this more
than XCOM and covers a large part of
that yeah well then it's also not
grid-based right he's free moving and do
you aim your shots which is very
interesting deal with that but a head
shots are still a thing yeah head shots
are stores that great though that big
circle like I could have missed all
those ok I'm with you I'm with him so
you're behind cover so he's not shooting
you yeah
I'm crouched well I'm I'm crouched near
cover so but if you jumped over that he
would chew it yeah well if I jumped over
that he would I would be I would get the
cover defense bonuses okay even if I
were on the other side wall hmm I'm just
flaking doesn't count
when it comes to cover is what I'm
saying okay flanking pounce when it
comes to not getting overwatch shots
shot oh okay I'm with you I think I'm
with do you want to approach them from
behind if you can but in cover I could
be on any side of these sandbags and as
far as him shooting on me it doesn't
make a better soon okay yeah this guy
this guy went from drawing fish to
full-on murder hey you know what it's
war man it's war its war of middle
flipper
okay my turn okay
gray hey Jack from anonymous you might
like the superhero audio book of the
worm it's about a dumb team who fancies
herself a superhero but joins a gang of
super villains
fun powers but sometimes too much dumb
team drama is it only an audiobook or is
it a regular book as well question for
anyone who has read the worm is it also
a regular book I like audio books but I
don't often get to listen to them kind
of war action it only sends like six
troops have have you not seen Saving
Private Ryan also right right also this
is an ambush and this is what these are
Scouts yeah do you how about how about
you deal with it because this is also
the tutorial level of an anime video
game so they knew that this was the
tour's it was like we're not gonna send
everyone just a Jimmy Jimmy Stewart and
and Francis can you just go it's a
tutorial level you're ready to die
anyway it's also a web never turn from
it okay thank you penny but I like stuff
like that
say hm speaking of which Jack did you
ever take a look at marine was their
last studio ghibli film I have it I have
it now I will take a look I haven't seen
it yet mostly just because I haven't
been able to watch anything yet we had a
little TV time over the weekend and Lisa
and I decided to start rewatching season
1 of the expanse as season 2 is starting
soon and we're super hyped about more
expansive news did you want any of these
pants yep so fucking doing so fucking
good I know I should yep good sci-fi
you know suppose first Connor goes I'm
fine with this this is okay yeah this is
okay well that's great rich you do need
to watch a Mario Mario it's it's the MRI
morale the what what I need to watch
marrow a mumble mumble the expanse sense
okay and Mario Mario needs to also watch
the expanse some of the acting's not the
greatest and some of it's a little
cheesy but the story is enough to suck
you and you know there's a little bit of
a mystery a little bit of a political
intrigue really fun characters good
sci-fi do you have Amazon Prime yes if
you have Amazon Prime you can watch the
first season for free hey front of our
Amazon Prime twitch subscribers you can
watch the expands for free you know what
this is
cross the branding cross break Karen
wants to watch oh yeah what's that first
and then but then after down with that
little sigh fuck it is the gayest thing
including being married to a man and
having children including being married
oh man yeah hammering it off and he
seems like he's having a great time
oh good good oh I know Thomas James hair
who's a little nuts in the toilet are
you ready for a love story that just
hits you over the head with a hammer
with it subtleness let's do it
Thomas James hairdo yeah yeah Thomas
James hairdo is a little bit much in the
expanse but it's you know the future and
they're in space there's no other sign
of the enemy we're gonna deal with it no
stop alert yes we're still we going
what should we do with the bodies ma'am
we'll bury them it's my whole thing
programs because Neil Patrick Harris is
playing Count Olaf yeah and the series
of unfortunate events he's the villain
I'll do it even going to war I'll do it
what are those seeds from the lion's paw
it blooms white okay so Chad is Foles
full-blown stop actually a whole all
laptop is down my enjoying a series of
apartments it's enjoyable it's not my
favorite thing ever
yeah suddenly more of Karen's alley that
was the Jim Carrey role from the sexiest
oh I'm sure it's I've heard I've heard
good things what followed would prove
that a tiny nation could best a military
giant these events would tell this game
needs more panties and tentacles I was
just thinking like you know this love
story is alright but what if it was
between two sisters would that make it
better
those who fought discount jon Hamm's you
mean Patrick Warburton Patrick Patrick
Warburton is playing Lemony Snicket yeah
he's not but Patrick Warburton is not
the discount Jon Hamm he was Jon Hamm
before Jon Hamm existed yes
so someone said discount Jon Hamm
that's it come on settle settle right
the F down
Jack this role-playing game or instead
of playing a role you watch things
unfold and don't actually play the role
a TV watching game this is immersive how
do you
this is immersive how do you describe
this kind of crap where you just watch
shit
for a half-hour before you get to play
me that's called modern gaming right
right only a modern gaming you hold
forward on the stick while this is going
on yeah because that's immersive
here I'm gonna pretend this is a naughty
dog game it's the best game that body
dog has ever made this is so immersive
great alright okay at least it wasn't
that long oh wait there's another one
how's the packing coming along East calm
your tits I will not call mightest
mr.smile rich you take you want to calm
him let's hit the road by sundown
nope great I said that the Karen one day
that I walk after that I walked up to it
I did this I said look at these things
did she / you she laughs OH
Oh welcome back well jeez you need to be
oh I can't have a beer I've been I've
had a very long day I'm 2010 if I have a
beer I will go straight to bed I just on
this couch I will just sleep for the
rest of this dream and I'll start
snoring yeah so I can I cannot have a
beard i black would like I would like a
beer the little spud I should know
I've already had four of them okay great
gate for Jax is rich you may enjoy
advanced Wars and Fire Emblem they're
top-down turn-based tactics game add
that to the Jesus Christ shut up already
lists has it ever gone well Jesus clay
shut up already
what brings you here has it ever gone
well technically speaking the dawn of
war game led to Space Marine really fair
point for me like okay we'll play some
Donnell war games oh yeah Space Marine
is super fun right so there's always a
possibility that you know what and I the
7th guest I did not while I did not have
fun playing it it was a fun stream yeah
there was a lot of craziness happening
there so I defend that do you want to
come in seventh guess was highest viewed
stream ever oh really
really dr. Swain I said seventh guess
was enlightening I now understand which
way I should go now we had freaking
edmund mcmillen
on our stream and you're gonna tell me
that the 7th guest was our highest
viewed stream we had we had like a
two-hour interview conversation with
someone who actually develops games but
it's the 7th it was me trying to figure
out that stupid word puzzle with the
word I've never
I think that was fun the 70s was a was a
fun stream even though is this some sort
of green or something this is a JRPG hey
mist is this some sort of game where you
never actually take on a role you just
watch the characters do the things well
what can we call a role-playing game in
which you don't take on a role a junior
RPG I was born you had it on and either
of you barely talked about the game yeah
you know what that's true that's true we
but you know what we got to talk about
movies and Edmund is a pretty big fan of
bad movies and that's what we were
talking about he had some great stories
though about him being a designer and
remember he was talking about like you
know working for Troma and having to lie
and like working for t-shirts that's fun
and now we had to stop working on braids
because you know they were they didn't
have any money for that's that's fun
stories I could have we could have done
that a formal interview but instead we
chose to be his friend we wanted we
wanted to have a casual conversation
Jack Hoffa rich we are not playing a
role playing game this is a role
watching game I love it rwg role
watching game I love it jack off I hope
you invented that because it's great and
we're making jokes because we do jokes
which what we try to tell jokes on the
joke the stream full of jokes well for
the record I've enjoyed this game as
much as I've played it yeah for the
record right it doesn't mean you can't
tease it which you've said many times
yeah they don't get that yes I see that
as pure hate
oh yeah yeah really the time I've got to
get going
jokes jokes I know why don't you see
you're off whelks I can take care of the
rest of this on my own you know what van
drebbel a desk errs on the laptop and
then every once in a while I'll put it
up to the camera so you can see my desk
first game all rich plays this because I
know you guys had an equally good time
when I was playing justice I don't give
a fuck though because I love whiskers
what were you playing when I just busted
out FTL on the laptop Jesus Christ play
Final Fantasy taxes now that's on the
list that's on the list this one's going
on for a long time yes I know anonymous
says Jesus Christ dream of Raymond will
be a smashing success you guys will love
it and you could make it
three people can play it then you
actually already like Raymond I have
said this many many times Rayman Origins
is is a super amazing modern platform
really it's fun
it's it has challenging levels it has
lighthearted levels the controls work
great it's super great to play with your
kid because there's a little mode where
they can just kind of hop over stuff
while Rayman Origins is a fantastic game
you put I ask and I recommend anyone
play it but it's just a tie and I will
never be playing Final Fantasy anything
because I got really irritated by the
Final Fantasy fans yeah it's never going
to happen
you could stop not gonna happen
we I just I just I just want this to end
I just want this part and I know here we
go I've done the melee tactics game that
was the banner saga and I didn't like it
yeah here we go
hey games happening James happened to
wake up everyone wake up here we go
everything's great
infinite dices hey Jack hey rich first
time ticking and one of the few times
I'm able to watch lines well welcome
infinite dodging any favorite George
Carlin bits any favorite George Holland
bits
I don't know that I can I don't know
that I can narrow it down to an
individual bit I really don't I like I
like his uh his crap versus stuff
segment yeah yeah it's your stuff but it
but it's other people's crap his prayers
get answered roughly the same rate
either praying to God or Joe Pesci that
I forget the name of the specific
special the one the one where he really
started developing as older man personal
no like later day George Carlin when he
first started wearing black none when he
started getting really bitter and grumpy
what was that what was that first
special one called
oh that's a favorite special of mine oh
okay
I don't remember what it was called
those and complaints and grievances that
it was before that I think was you are
all diseased
I think I'm fond of you are all diseased
I don't know that this is quite sound
too grumpy Carlin was like a fine wine
he just got better the older he got good
old George John that's true that is true
good old George Carlin let's see here
doobie sandwiches hey Ricardo sorry to
interrupt your story watching simulator
but what made Space Marine draw you in
compared to similar games you hated like
Gears of War and despite not being
Warhammer that okay I don't hate Gears
of War right I never said I hated it we
didn't much care for years of waiting
here's four here's four was boring I'm
gonna take gears leg to over gears for
any day of the fucking week oh yeah when
when when specifically comparing gears
to Space Marine though Space Marine is a
very offensive fucking game okay it's
got the doom mentality were if you need
help you gotta go in there and kill
something to get that home okay all
right you're not hiding behind cover
dears is a very defensive game where you
spend a large amount of time
back behind covering you pop up every
now and then it's not terrible I really
honestly don't hate gears right but
Warhammer just get in there your fucking
chainsaw that is fun okay that is fun I
think that is a very specific comparison
got a very fair one but yeah everyone
please remember both rich and I like the
first years war game we just did not
like the second one oh yeah and I don't
love them I could tell you I never
bothered to play first I own it I never
got around to it
so I'm not in love with the series but
I've never hated gear it's just the
Gears of War for which neither of us
there's a 4/4 is like boring those
weren't that robot faction is awful
right I want to punch the main character
in the fucking face mm-hmm yeah great
great no that was good that was good
that was concise yeah like the running
gun Jack I like the running gun yeah hey
Jenna can play overwatch during the new
event I like the the new event or I I
have I have not booted it up since the
new event at some of the skins look fun
so I'm hoping to play and get some boxes
and stuff button you want me to play
live again maybe maybe I'll pull up
we'll play live again we can play with
everyone play the second half of Space
Marine I've played it all the way
through like probably you know I played
a couple times when I first came out so
probably all said and done I've played
through Space Marine four times yeah
I don't know what your point is it gets
a lot more difficult I think that might
end stream okay okay you've only
streamed like the first yeah yeah yeah
news in LA as in yada looks really cool
in the
overwatch Chinese New Year event so
we'll see we'll see if I can get some
mute boxes get some skins will I ever
play the original quake I'm not saying
I'll never play the original quake but
I'm probably far more likely to stream
either quake 2 or 4 mm-hm
because I like space jack I know you
like face that's why I keep recommending
space stuff like a rival and the expanse
this is this is tough times here I just
want everyone to know that I'm with you
I see all of your comments about
cutscenes Rich's not a cut scape t
scheme skipper but this is the games
plan and we just need to stay strong
you're gonna recommend the game this is
part of the fucking game and I need you
I need you to know something like you
can tell the game is so close look
there's a map there I can see the map
and it's like it's right around the
corner it has to be it has to be I
believe in this game I know a rival
isn't in space but it's about fucking
space get it together tiny turnip it's
not it's just space to my space stuff
and rich like space stuff
rich you like space stuff you like
aliens and shit stuff that's in space
not necessarily set in space but about
space oh there we go oh it's happening
the game is happening oh fuck that was
great he's attacking enemies this is
great it's great mega punch him rich you
know it all that means great like I said
I played through this I have an idea
what was going on great before oh oh he
missed almost every shot oh you jerk
every shot alright renegade Akira
stepping away from the anime bashing for
a bit rich what's your opinion on todd
mcfarlane
hack yes yeah yeah hack what did you
think about his run spider-man and it's
working general honestly is run on
spider-man ugly he's so fucking
overrated as an artist I don't even like
the big goofy eyes which is his calling
card to fame he gave spider-man the big
goofy eyes I fart before your classic
John Romita senior with a small eyes
with the light area of black I could go
with two big eyes I'll tell you that I
don't like I don't like Todd McFarlane's
drawing style in general he is a
complete hack and you know what he's
also a hypocrite yeah yeah cuz that
whole debacle over angela craters rights
craters right I'm gonna steal Neil
Gaiman's character Raiders rights pretas
rights well no my creators rights this
greater that's a yeah I created the
thing I stole whatever it is hack hack
hack fraud shit writer yes yes overrated
yeah I'm with you I do like the big eyes
though I think those are fun
I don't like give me the tiny eyes give
it a tiny tiny eyes I think I think
other artists have done that good with
the big eyes I've done that well
don't they still use his webbing today
oh did he give all the webbing all those
little like yeah but venom though look
visually interesting but as a character
the least interesting spider-man villain
at least the least big villain we're
talking about point to the Gibbon Todd
yeah yeah the Givens Leslie more than
venom but my todd mcfarlane being a hack
Todd McFarlane comic book artist creator
of spawn and other such things I was
reading up on the cable there's no
cables gonna need any cable and
apparently Todd McFarlane and Rob
Liefeld helps creative process
a school wants you to throw your Pokemon
at the room or if you could possibly
make a punish hello - icon says the
Jesus Christ shut up format don't end
well for you guys if it's the first time
playing the game on stream also you
didn't label the warhammer extreme as a
Jesus Christ shut up strap
oh no should we think we changed the
title after we started playing space
parade we did early on it no maybe I
don't ride I don't remember I'll be
honest
ok don't remember like this spotting to
go crazy I watched I watched the movie
when I first came out
yes
yes the best beat-em-ups I like
beautiful Joe that's a good beat him up
would you like any beat em ups
what counts is to beat them up there's a
ninja gaiden television beat him up
there's a brawler what's the difference
I think it brawlers pretty similar to a
beat them up ninja gaiden all right
that's better
stop stop my head I couldn't think of
another one I guess when we're heroes
would count as one sure remember you
don't remember I'm asking the chat if
they remember if anyone in the chat
remembers Super Smash Brothers what was
it brawl for the Wii they had that
side-scrolling beat-em-up section where
you could play as all the smash
characters through the side-scrolling
section I loved that I wish that would
come back for the Wii U I love that site
you know it was just all the smash rules
in normal but a side scrolling beat up
and it was great it was super great
was it mainly we go on with Fermi I
forget
that was brawl oh that was brawl okay
venture motor
great great and you know like they have
all those like dumb arcade ones like the
x-men arcade game The Simpsons arcade
game and you know a lot of those are
just quarter sucks you know you know hey
II Wreckers it says anonymous
can you play more X come you should
never name another character mochi and
make him mech trooper it was fun
watching you play with a mochi character
it was great this is not mochi as for
anonymous you had you had the finest
XCOM moment of all time you should be
proud thank you right anonymous says
play the darkness to a first-person
shooter which sell ship traffic gory
kills and unique quad wielding mechanic
where you can use two guns and you to
the arms which you can pull enemy spine
out of there
which one what like miss Jeannie okay
good Douglas to know if I've heard of
that darkness is based on a comfortable
no mobster was somehow something
something related to the Witchblade oh
really yeah he inherited
and he can't have sex if he conceives a
child he instantly dies the power gets
transferred over to the kid oh that's
all I remember about the darkness which
is sad
enemy phase exploding squid says hey
guys not sure if you mentioned answering
it but have you watched Dirk Gently max
slipped in a Plunkett reference what's
wrong with your face I guess also fiddle
with my development I have not seen it
yet I'm excited to see it because I
really enjoyed the book whoa but I've
not seen a good I think it's on FX
and I don't know if I have that fax
right now so I have not what what good
if I don't have FX yeah that's that's
the question but you know it's not
something I haven't seen any of Max's
movies Chronicles good I've heard titles
very good that silly would have seen
that's very good I've heard that
Chronicles good I have never gotten
around to actually seeing any of his
duties which might be awkward if he ever
comes back into town as he likes to talk
about his movies it's fine and it didn't
come up last time because there's a lot
of just you know like I'm getting to
know each other I don't think you talk
about much bicycles you might have
talked to him about them I don't know I
was gonna be on Netflix they don't watch
it for sure
Chronicles okay
he did Chronicle yeah good yeah that was
his first big movie Chronicle and then
you know he went on to write other stuff
and the director of Chronicle went on to
direct fantastic which as everyone knows
is a huge success
that's the Superman pitches our better
stories in the action they're not
possible I wrote what he was here he was
he was like he had a movie I'm not him
I'm moving the wrong guy this is awful
I'm gonna lose there's a movie that he's
like quasi-pitch to us something that he
wanted to work on that was a really
great idea
I meant to move this guy the other guy
twice to get him to where he meets David
Wright
nope you got hit by the tank I was gonna
do something different with him but I
accidentally clicked on the wrong guy
it's not gonna redo that there you go hi
Showbiz Pizza bear welcome welcome to
the stream
welcome to Valkyria Chronicles you can't
run in front of the fact is that I know
that I did something desperate because
one of them was gonna get killed the
next turn anyway so I did something
desperate did you see a fan for testing
fantastic no no no I did not
it's a mess I I can imagine it's a mess
rumor has it is that you know they're a
bunch of reshoots for that and the
rumors right the rumor is that before
the reshoots it actually made less sense
is the studio interference and the
reshoots that they that they asked for
actually helped the movie out all right
I give very little shits
something is something I heard I read
somewhere and I was like yeah really
that's that's crazy
Josh Trank was going to direct a Star
Wars solo film but he was fired because
he lost his booze
rogue one specifically really he had
wrote one I want to say yes
you direct a little indie movie and then
you get called up to the big show
and you fuck up for a one and you and
you piss your pants that's what I did
there and pissed his pants you crappy
shit the bed which a chance I'll just
make a simple make a simple fantastic
four movie right that's all you got to
do and then you get then you get the big
big show they're saying he was gonna do
a Boba Fett
shit the bed
absolutely goddamn sugar baby
you might be he might be doing a movie
or Tom Hardy - he's got to get he's got
to get his bearings again
nigga what - that'll never work again on
immediate major studio picture what he
needs another if he can find himself
another indie hits they will give him a
chance again of course they will because
that's how Studios work you can make
another little indie movie and it makes
a ton of money they will hire him back
again they don't know they don't care
that much unless he really pissed
someone off and that person is still
working at the studio
thank when I'm Twitter and blaming
studio fucking a completely publicly
yeah I guarantee if he has another hit
indie movie they someone will hire
absent regularly
damn
mmm night is probably going to get a big
film next
I know split is doing well and it's
getting good reviews did you on my phone
split yeah oh yeah I know
oh yeah yeah yeah there you go well
there you go
if Mel Gibson had a comeback I'm sure
josh trank n-no no Gibson's here's the
difference here's the dick I'm I'm glad
you got this I know you're gonna love
Mel Gibson's mistake did not cost a
major studio hundreds of millions of
dollars Josh Trank's mistake cost a
studio hundreds of millions of dollars
yep
Mel Gibson pissed off the American
people he didn't piss off studio heads
like Josh Trank did yes Mel Gibson was
still able to make movies but
how nice it
he's making an Al Capone movie with Tom
Hardy Jackson yeah and you know what if
it's successful the studio's will
abso-fuckin'-lutely hire him back I
don't care
damn give no fuck they'll give some
pissed-off Jews and you were arguing
there are no Jewish studio heads there
are but studio heads like money
regardless of whether or not they're
Jewish yes people who run businesses
usually like to run successful
businesses for all of his issues besides
the fact that he's a jerk Mel Gibson
movies make money besides the fact that
he's a jerk and anti-semitic he is still
a box-office draw or he is now that he
is he has paid his penance of course of
course of America but
I am oh it's being worked up
I said studio heads regardless of
whether or not they were Jewish or what
their religion are like money that's
true ritual you said exactly that very
specific very specifically you give me
none of your shit

[Part II]
nobody is saying no Gibson is a good man
that is not point that is not the claim
no
that's not the claim
oh right um poke Alex in the ashes just
a note to say that seeing rich lose it
over that Ghostbusters figure really
made my week it's been rough since a
friend was separated from her family by
immigration policies but I love you guys
well hey poke Alex and yeah I'm glad
Rich's absolute disbelief at the Ray the
figure could brighten your day out soon
otherwise says if you put that ray doll
up for a local or other charity I will
happily donate it sorted
we are Philly kids over here have our
government in major at the airport well
that's great to the light I don't I
don't know if that doll will go up for
sale or anything like that fun glad
everyone seems to like it funny it's a
funny joke I'll tell you what
the Ray the Ray doll
yes that radar is the best yes
I did I don't I don't like the I don't
like the sounds and some big guns
couldn't make that one turn last time I
didn't I didn't think I would be able to
move far enough I actually still could
have one last time I did about oh it's
fine right you're doing from you I
thought I thought I needed move twice Oh
apparently you are able to save in the
middle of that oh yeah that seems cheap
no bunch of people are asking you to
lower game people people apparently
there's a there's an issue with
balancing games are art an immersive and
story immersive the battles the battle
sounds were so loud because the words
are on there the gun sounds are like
what sacks of potatoes oh I agree like
I'm not I'm not saying they should be
doom guns or anything but just know the
sounds are fine oopsie Valkyria
chronicles to stop responding whoopsie
sorry Rach I'm glad you know I'm glad
y'all asked me to turn it on that game
volume well it just saved Raven I don't
know that it did okay only people can
see that depressing depressing thing
I know lowering the volume I know
that'll ruin the experience but I mean
everyone wanted me to ruin the
experience I saw it several times from
several people also people want to love
ribbon is not a game it is a visual
novel so we will not be playing ribbon
we're not gonna play love ribbon no
matter how this how well the story how
good the story is about about you know
unrequited love
what what what way back here
you saved before after this game crash
you were skipping everything if you see
anything you skip it oh fuck I can't
handle this
she's fighting jack louder than rich
because because this this fuck happened
right here oh my god we all the way back
there yes rich do you see how far back
we are oh my god this is the tutorial oh
my god you definitely you definitely
saved after this yeah yeah I did let's
double check please see if you can if
you can load something else no I want to
get to the main menu good the main menu
this is it I saved after that I know I
saved am can't like a left-to-righter
no quality streams quality quality
streams
thank you epic Jason for the suggestion
of the evening for the record I don't
hate this game right do you want to see
if you can find the alien realtime
strategy game would you want to play
that no you just keep going just keep
going this is the game Wednesday's fine
that's the game and you know what you're
just gonna skip all this now so go you
know we're gonna we're gonna get to
where you were in under five minutes
if you skip all the cutscenes okay yeah
that's what I'm guessing oh fuck
stop taking your audience for granted
what are we doing with our audience I
mean what do you want we're not taking
our granted it's not my fault the game
crashed the game crashed when we when we
alt tabbed out because you wanted the
volume concern down the wall yeah
remember you can turn another volume in
game you keep going obvious but now it's
fine everything's gonna you know what
everything's gonna be fine I'm just I'm
looking up I'm gonna buy some rope some
quality rope but it needs to hold at
least 200 pounds so hold on for a second
this looks like a high-quality one won't
chafe too much which i think is
important you know for when you're
setting up you don't want to chafe great
brain have some good ideas great great
okay so let's see here the blue blaze
says me personally I love the new nerd
crew podcast I laugh my ass off at the
Ray doll by the way how much was that
camera that rich broke worth it was
worth that's you know the nice cameras I
love just how how genuine Jays reaction
is as the camera starts falling and rich
caught it rich rich shockingly for
someone who is a professional a
professional boob has spry cat-like
reflexes when when the urge when the
need arises rich will spring into action
so that's great that's a great catch now
the cameras the lenses I skip all of it
there oh God thank you watch this
episode you have to you know click view
the episode which is weird
yep but let's say hey save say well want
to get some of this he's gonna save it's
gonna save alright now save
you definitely did that before it's fine
it's fine
great great I like it in this game when
you can skip the things yes yes loner
art John says keep playing rich because
seeing the chat this salty is great
great I stole them saying I told him
safe you have been playing a lot
recently
I thought games are all about the
experience all about the experience you
know story game is all about the story
story experience yeah it's like this is
you have to get into the characters all
of these non gamers who wanted us to get
straight to the gameplay it's just I
don't know jack
I don't know roll watching don't know if
I can handle them wolf we're skipping
the most important stuff yeah it's true
mr. Ridge so I started playing a game
recently yeah that started I've been
playing a game recently that I played a
long time ago and I'm loving it again
the swindle and I made me think of
something every once in a while someone
will ask us if there's like games that
we enjoy that like aren't maybe the best
games and thus window has a lot of
problems like technical problems but I
still really fucking love it I'm making
my way through it again what a fun game
the swindle it's my it's my go to
bathroom game at the moment really
enjoying it really enjoying it thinking
about picking up darkest dungeon keeps
coming up on sale for the Vita it's like
I remember you played it a little bit
yeah and I remember a little bit of the
mechanics but it's like oh you know give
that a try that'll be my next you might
be up your alley my next game after the
the swindle is done that could totally
be up your alley
this window has a lot of problems it
does it has a lot of like straight-up
objective technical problems but you
know what still alright still an alright
game
can you say the name a few more times
make sure the sponsors here die I repeat
it because often people will come in
mid-sentence or only start paying
attention mid-sentence and they'll
always ask what gave me talking about
again so I'd like to repeat the thing
I'm talking about a couple times it's
better on PC I'm sure but like I
couldn't buy it on PC but I'm not
looking for a PC game right now I'm
looking I'm looking for a Vita game
looking for a mobile game that I can
pick up every once in a while I'll play
a few games on oh my god you're just
getting straight-up shot in the head
rich right in the goddamn head I can't
can't even
hmm Metroid Prime
- oh yeah Metroid Prime 2 is great well
I'm both metric but you know even even
the third one was pretty good Metroid
Prime through you that was pretty fun
that's pretty fun but I like all the
prime from Metroid Prime series I wonder
what do you think about those Nintendo
switch reviews I haven't seen any
reviews for the Nintendo switch so does
Vita still get new game releases yep
yeah that's all the damage you're doing
from up there yep I'll take it but I
haven't seen anything on the switch I
know they're just like every pre-order
on every site is out at the moment
no one no one is even taking in more
pre-orders so for the switch for this
week Jim really yeah so we might not get
one right away
can we tell them we're big important
game reviewers we could try they won't
listen to us excuse me but we are big
important game in view tens of people
come to our livestream so if you could
you know get us a couple switches we
might play them on stream or we might
not whatever or whatever to Dax says
just started watching this role-playing
game looks fun but the game audio is
kind of quiet can you turn it up good
jokes good funds good fun jokes rich
yeah did Karen ever end up liking
undertale no Jack you weaseled your way
into the World Cup but you can get
yourself a switch that's true that's
just that you know what I probably could
find a way to do it do you guys want to
hear another weasel my way into an area
story I've been trying to save him
possibly for events just like this but I
got another one I got another weasel my
way into an area story is the Super Bowl
before we went to Africa we were in
Miami for the Super Bowl for a high five
Super Bowl and much and much like Africa
you know one of the things with any of
these videos in general is you know the
idea is once you start shooting with
celebrities or athletes or anyone it's
much easier to get more people in your
video because he go oh yeah we shot with
we shot with Dirk dingleberry yesterday
and he had a great time Dirk Dirk
dingleberry love Dirk dinkleberg yeah
ever and everyone doesn't go Oh Dirk
Dirk was in your video yeah I'll be in
your video then and then then you can
call you know celebrity three and be
like hey we already shot with Dirk and
we're
shooting with with Larry Larry Phil Phil
tomorrow and they go oh yo though well
that's two in that you know like as long
as they know other people are in it
that's when they are okay being it right
yeah
but it's it's always tough getting those
first couple of shots because you know
you gotta weasel your way into area and
so it's it's me it's the two guys in the
video and we have two producers one on
the Funny or Die side and one who was
kind of newer to Funny or Die who had
come from ESPN or another sports related
thing yeah and so like it was just her
job to find us all of the sports people
and she got she got hip to a party a
secret party that was happening at a
hotel filled with like sports
broadcasters some athletes because you
know the Pro Bowl also happens around
Super Bowl time and so we were hoping
there like a bunch of a bunch of coaches
a bunch of sports casters okay this is a
and it's to the day we landed so it's
like this is where we start we start at
this party we bring a camera we just
ambushed some people they'll be drunk
it'll be great yeah so we find the hoax
that we know where the party's taking
place some are skipping and things we
have yours I'm skipping skipping
everything we're caught up oh now
yeah we're caught up in under five
minutes skipping all the cutscenes yes
this fucking game this fucking game rich
are we skipping everything
it's my legitimate question that it it
is completely up to you chat that is
completely up to you you know how I feel
about this rig I know how you feel yeah
so I want you to make that decision
how about skipping all the exits okay
okay so we know a party's happening we
pull up on our van and security stops us
why here for oh yeah we're here for the
UH for the the party what party
no parties happening here oh yeah we
were told you know we tried
we try to you know work our moves right
yeah the parties that this person tells
right not and it completely didn't work
like he called us out on our bullshit
security guard was doing his job
turn the fan around go sulk so we go a
couple like maybe a block or two down
and we start thinking up a game plan
what are we gonna do what are we gonna
do to get in this hotel
Bob Curtin who's in the video is like
I'm gonna go to the beach because we're
parked right by a beach and he's like
I'm gonna see if we can just literally
walk down the beach to the hotel and
there's no security there like maybe we
could do that well just we have to carry
the camera down the beach but now that
might be where the right oh don't forget
to save by the way like see if I keep
seeing I already saved yeah and so then
we like you know he's walking down the
beach to scout it out we start figuring
out our plan in the van and it's like
well how do we do this how do we do this
well oh well you know what what if we
just like call the hotel to make sure
the party's happening there because what
if the party's not having this so we
called the hotel oh yeah oh oh hey we're
uh we're here we're here to get into the
party we're here about the the party
that's happening tonight and then and
they're like oh sure down in this room
and we're like yes that party that's
that's the party that's happening so the
hotel kind of gives us and we go yeah
well the problem is we have a film crew
who we want to bring into the party
they're they're guests of ours right who
do we call to get them into the party
and like oh well you'd have to call
security
but like I just can't give out that
number to everyone I mean what where are
you where you come from I mean you know
she the the person who we talked to the
desk had already given us the name of
the room isn't and we're like oh we're
in the mezzanine we're at the pub were
at the party right now right and she's
like oh you're at the party and she's
like yeah just give me their names just
give me their names I'll bump him on the
listen we're like Absa absolutely
this person in this person in there with
funny erdheim look she's like oh no
problem yeah but okay here's my name and
here's the number for our security desk
and we go alright so then you know we
all get in the van and we are calling
the security desk as we're driving to it
and going oh hey but you know Mary up up
in reception gave us your number we have
some guests that we want to come and
they're gonna film some stuff for it's
film tourism it's good no problem good
Alvin and we just end two seconds later
we pull up and hey remember us we've
what we finally found our friend inside
and got clearance Oh yep you're on the
list hop on in that one is not as fun a
story as the Africa one but it's just
one of those things people people give
up too much information when you talk to
him right and it's great and it's great
so yeah we we found we found the
loophole we found the chink in the armor
check I know about the grenades this is
why I played a bit of the game before we
streamed it so I would know some
important things nicely so I don't know
what social engineering is but it's
people people people want to be nice
they want to be hospitable and more
importantly they don't want to lose
their job so they will only do as much
as will not get them fired and now
that's all this was is hey trying to
keep the guests happy enough it wasn't
it wasn't the best or it wasn't as good
as they have a good start but Alton oh
my god Alicia died it was a little bit
too far back to reach him with the
grenade yeah but it was fun and you know
we got we got so you know we got in we
got our crew in and we filmed a whole
bunch that night with some people and
those people led us to other people and
those people led us to other people
ended up with a pretty decent video all
because we you know we may have
stretched the truth a little bit but you
know it's fine
social engineering is pretty much being
a con man uh well yeah okay well then I
was yes I was lying to people to benefit
myself and I'm okay with that
pS Mary was fired no cuz you know what
we were there no incidents everyone was
happy to see us we saw some people who
had seen our other videos oh yeah doing
one of these videos there yep
so people were all right I don't know if
it's fraud she had on of worse problems
stemmed entirely from the fact that I
don't enjoy real time strategy games and
that was most certainly a real-time
strategy game right did I get a swag bag
no we did not get a swag bag from the
party
thank you hack bot for for reiterating
Rich's distaste for a swag bag demand he
brings literal dimensions to hack frogs
aye aye I know how to work it
I know how to work it all you have to do
is pretend like you belong and really
isn't that lesson for just for everyday
life just pretend like you belong in a
venture at all it'll all work out and
that's all you have to do we're trying
to get into anywhere just act like
you've been there every single day and
you're sick of that shit then every
because then everyone will think that
you really belong there
great then hire some space jack is at
your party in order to please those
social engineers there's something is
outlined in this in the book okay
kevin Mitnick kevin Mitnick only fraud
if you benefit materially well then
possibly fraud I don't know you know
what and it's been years so it doesn't
matter at this point
god damn it Wow at the end of the day we
made we made a good video and the people
who try to stay close enough so I can
grenade those you know what I know what
I'm doing wrong yeah I know what I'm
doing wrong do it jack teaching us all
how to sneak into place you know I'm
gonna preemptively
grenade the sandbags that's what I'm
doing wrong on nice good idea there's a
saying which is you know well I get both
just one of them I want to restart the
session what is a ask ask for
forgiveness not permission that's the
usual saying when making when making any
sort of video or movie as far as that
kind of sneaky stuff is concerned is ask
for forgiveness which means do the thing
first and then figure it out later
can I reach you from here with your
grenade yeah nope
what did you do no that doesn't reach so
that's what I wanted to avoid that's why
I moved her over there in the first
place
ah okay because I know I need to Crenn
aid those sandbags because of those
fuckers escape cage Jack's guy to live
in sincerely following the crowd is
better than personal traits or
creativity no no I never said that you
just have to pretend you belong in a
place that doesn't mean sincerely
following the crowd just gotta pretend a
little bit just to get your foot in the
door no I got both Oh interesting like
that she throws like a girl well that's
that's to be expected yes
all right this is a strange tip but
we'll give it a go
anonymous says hello Jessica it's me one
of those guys from those YouTube videos
you were forced to watch against your
will
Tiger misses you and sends his cuddles
via Packard Graham alright just wait
enough really I give it a go you're
helping the stalkers out jack I don't
know it's just weird enough where it
could be inside joke there a tad on them
got my calls rich we got to make
judgment calls with the things we read
and I made a call and I'm reading the
thing that's what it did yeah I don't
know guys I don't know I don't know but
you know that's I've read I read the
thing they said the thing and I read the
thing yeah and you know like a lot of
these people like this whole like you
know getting into places and sneaking
around and and you know acting like you
belong it's all confidence that's all
you just I'm confidence I know is that a
confidence game well in its kind it's a
gun right or you could say you know I
understand that that confidence is a
tough thing for for people to like
figure out like how do i how do i be
more confident and you know there's no
there's no advice that can be given to
you it's just yeah you just keep doing
it
actually Jack you already summed up the
entire idea behind social engineering
act like you belong ask questions and
act annoyed when people try to stop you
it's all about exploiting people's fear
of losing their job that's true that's
true it's confidence keep lying it
becomes easier all the time yeah you
know sometimes I have I been listening
to any other new music recently oh I've
been listening to run the jewels which
is a killer mic and the producer behind
a lot of Aesop Rock songs I have I
haven't even heard of them before and in
Madison one of the guys in the past me
of beer videos is a big run the jewels
fan and is and got me hip to them so
pretty good pretty good stuff so far
I've only listened to a little bit of
their first album but I'm really
enjoying it
all right why don't you sit on that
other guy though but I okay
no I don't have a favorite racket like I
haven't even listened to the whole album
I only have their first they're you know
they're one one album their album called
one but I haven't even gotten a chance
to give it a full listen to you but I'm
enjoying it so far
Aesop Rock is is great but this is the
guy who does a lot of his music you know
lies producer and killer Mike and I'm
really enjoying it really really
enjoying it so LP has a dope song in the
fan too for stick credits best thing
about the movie okay run the jewels is
more him than killer Mike okay great
Aesop Rock versus ASAP rocky you know
very different styles I prefer Aesop
Rock ASAP Rocky is more like you know
gangsta swag is more swag rap but I
still like ASAP rocky but Aesop Rock is
where it's at that's where you want to
go that's where you want to go mom I
missed every shot them are you that will
me but also them oh sure yeah and run
the jewels is coming to Madison soon and
so that's why that's why Tim who's who's
in the past me bit of beer videos was
really excited they're coming to Madison
he knows I listen to hip-hop but I had
never heard of him so
so I'm liking it so far
it's the hip hop's so I don't talk to
rich about it he's not down with the
hibbity apps
does anyone here like nerd war I don't
know what that is nerd nerd war and I
don't know what the fuck that is looks
like a band sounds stupid just like dude
war alright let's see here at an axe
says Kevin mitten link once gave a talk
at my workplace
he said the Robert Redford movie
sneakers was the most realistic movie
about computer hacking ever made because
it's 99% social engineering you know
what did axe I would believe that social
engineering there's a today is all about
social engineering acting like you
belong out being confident in your
movements and you get it getting
information out of people without you
know efficiently I suppose so the Robert
Redford movie sneakers is apparently the
most accurate you're in a fucking tank
now yeah shit that's cool think I think
the anti-tank round would be overkill I
get infinite I mean if you get infinite
then why not because I missed oh I think
Oh does she says thanks probably at the
entertaining and often even insightful
hours yeah I mean the analytic and
sarcastic videos you broadcast it on
twitch and YouTube guys you are awesome
thank you to she and anonymous with a
tip of six six six says orange leader
the package is frozen I repeat the
package is frozen
make sure your babies are sober and your
nose hair is honest stay tuned to
packard gram for more details
great other thing that you should
probably use the bullets on the soldiers
I wanted to have fun by show you with an
anti-tank shell which you were playing
the game wrong I need to let you know
that you were playing the game wrong oh
did you see are you following
no clip now following them no clip the
people who did the doom documentary and
oh okay
and the no III don't they they're
they're about to put up their big John
Romero interview John Romero huh yeah
huh just about doom and John Romero oh
okay there's like a singing Idol Living
Dead remote oh yeah yeah yeah yeah so
you were you were saying like wouldn't
it be great just to have an interview
with the old doom guy yeah here it is
it's like it's like over an hour of just
an interview with them so heads up for
anyone who liked the noclip doo doo mini
documentary and their rocket league mini
documentary they do they have a new one
up and it's fucking great they're saying
too much game and not enough boring
cutscenes did I oh I'm so sorry haps oh
my god I miss I missed a couple tips
sorry everybody sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry the off switch says I can't watch
this once you play this game I used to
be in the army and it's just bring back
too many reminders of how mildly
irritating getting constantly shot in
the face his game child you case has
watched the founder on Friday a very
great film great acting from Keaton
McDonald's is a big part of American
culture and highly recommend seeing it
also any upcoming rlm auctions thank you
no auctions that I know of Michael
Keaton's a great actor I'm excited to
see the founder rich any thoughts on
that on which the founder auctions
McDonald's I was reading chanted that
okay great sorry I'm very sorry hap 78
says hey guys was wondering what your
thoughts were on the upcoming Star Trek
TNG vs. aliens comic book by Dark Horse
Picard versus xenomorph sounds dumb
Ripley
your heart out the blue blaze has a
question I've been meaning to ask do you
guys think that the plots of walking
simulator games Firewatch gone home etc
would work better as movies or would
something be lost most always direct
almost always better as movies with the
exception of the Stanley parable
Alliance
Souma I would I would love someone would
probably be better in like word form I
would love a soma book yeah
so far the novelization you could where
you dig dig deep into the fool the
philosophical shit yep that game brings
up yep that'd be great that would be
great I think I think what walking
simulators need to concentrate on is
this not existing his new length and
pacing rich length and I would prefer
they focused on not existing I wish they
would get a job as a screenwriter or a
filmmaker yeah but I guess they couldn't
and that's why their game developers in
the first place is pacing you know I
thought Firewatch worked really well
mostly because of the length and pace
and how you know you you it did a good
job of making you absorb the atmosphere
and now I'm mirrored the story and I
like that and so you know it can work
pacing and length is a big issue
Oh anyway when I played on my own I did
not play past this point oh great great
showbiz pizza bear we will give neo a
shot I don't want to play the beta I
know like the demo and the beta or the
beta is out right now and I want to wait
until the real game is out it comes out
next month so we don't have to wait too
much longer did you save the game did
you save it well the next battle starts
we glad - what happened to the red
letter media stream Athan uh for those
who weren't in the known I know we got a
lot of these questions pre New Year Jay
used to every New Year's Eve into New
Year's Day live stream a bunch of random
videos rlm videos like videos like that
weren't his I think on his last one is
when he played the ishtar trailer like
50 times in a row at slightly different
speeds like he'd play it at like half
speed 200 times the speed one time he
played it at like 20% speed he was crazy
we could break this shit up well I guess
I would also assume something Jay no
longer does that has no plans on doing
that mostly because I think the last
time he did a live stream someone saved
it and then like uploaded it somewhere
and it was a bunch of other people's
stuff and that's not what Jay wanted to
do he just wanted to like do this one
live thing and not have it be saved
anywhere so that kind of ruined it one
sixteenth speed was crazy yeah it was
great but he's not planning on doing any
more of them
yeah oh yeah he played Memorex if you
have a chance and like wannabe
psychedelically enthralled look up on
Vimeo a video called Memorex it's a
great I don't even know what you call it
it's like half montage half cut up half
remix it's great it's super super
amazing and he played that it was yes
yes Memorex it's a good one
Smash TV Memorex they're saying at this
on video Vimeo and it's great it's a
great piece a great edit we thank you
colonel rich mustard for sharing that
yes Memorex was a videotape brand let's
see here tired and sands has just
rewatched Big Trouble in Little China
the movie is incredibly progressive even
by today's standards with Asian actors
in 90% of the roles and a white jackass
protagonist remake will just be PC uh
yeah that's possible are they even gonna
do like Chinese mythology stuff are they
gonna be too afraid to do that they can
they even can they even call him Big
Trouble in Little China Little China
still the plays right that might be
offensive somehow you know what it
depends on who's in trouble big trouble
in the real actual China where there are
no mythological figures of any kind that
could be construed as offensive
blueberry why they will find an ordinary
gangsters who will not be Chinese
because that would imply that Chinese
people are gangsters also not Italian
because that's an Italian that would be
an American gang in Beijing causing
trouble that the rock and his latina
sidekick hmm will have to fight I like
it I like it
makes sense
while being mentored by a crippled black
lady who's also old that sounds great
and blind no nice it sounds perfect very
efficient character sounds like a movie
I want to see right no country for tall
men says greetings from Tokyo how much
am I going to be right about that
description though the Big Trouble in
Little China reboot by the way what my
my my blast of pure sarcasm how much of
that is gonna be dead accurate it
depends on who gets it depends on who's
producing it you cook you very well
could get a producer who has some balls
but you know I'm gonna give you a right
now a straight-up 50/50 chance you're
right okay okay straight-up 5050 you get
a producer with some balls on them then
you know could change and the crippled
black lady will be played by Tilda
Swinton yeah I love it I love it an
equal opportunity trouble in the UN it's
great great that's great so higher oh
god I wish I'd played a little bit
further because again um now all of this
base recruiting stuff is new information
oh I almost want to skip it you sure you
don't want to play the alien predator
this is what this whole plan this is
what we're playing I don't know jack you
do I don't know what I'm doing territory
and this is bad you know I honestly rich
knows this you guys kind of know I've
been I've been shooting all day I left
my house today at 8 in the morning like
my camera and tripod and shit are still
in the car because I've been gone
shooting a video all day today my brain
is done and so like rich if you're just
done we can be done these isn't
mechanics I'm not familiar with but
every fucking real-time strategy game
ever made is the same fucking thing
yeah they're all the same you can every
one of them is identical you can do it I
believe in you
but yeah you you keep on going until
you're done because when you're done I'm
done because my brain is no longer
functioning how do we start we've only
been up for two and a half hours let's
try and get one mission in okay I'm just
gonna I don't know what I'm doing so I'm
just gonna recruit random people and
we'll see how this goes right it's
locked my cars locked it's not in the
and it's not in the view of a lot of
people it's fine it's fine okay so no
country for tall men says greetings from
Tokyo never get a chance to catch your
streams live but always catch up on
YouTube huge fan of rlm here's a tip to
thank rich for always blowing out my
speakers you're welcome lol skidamarink
my dinky dink nice I'm real I'm just
completely randomly hiring people great
great um teabag for glory how much money
do we have to give rlm for you fucks to
get out of Milwaukee and travel for
conventions or meetups probably a lot
that's expensive shit yeah and you know
then it depends on how many you want you
know they can hire Rambo Oh could I fire
somebody with a higher Rambo you have
zero open slots
it's fine you know what it's fine huh so
yeah then you have like lodging flights
paying for the event there's there's a
big costume ball tartan Sansa's hey rich
as George Lucas could you please discuss
the significant of episode eights title
the last Jedi fuck them
those white slavers I would have called
SIF clones on Alderaan yeah we'll start
our own convention the rlm convention
absolutely
oh my god that was crazy everyone do nla
you know what this is whoa you sure you
did it what what a weird leveling up
system what if I do a little bit on each
well then they don't level up I don't
know I don't know what's going on they
only level up if you go all the way to
the end of the line okay
there you go
you're all out
you're a lot of experience so you're
Lancer doesn't get the good shit
apparently you're doing great rich you
are your level on everybody right you
are doing absolutely great you're you're
like the best at this game you're like
the best
I don't know surgeon it just seems like
you instead of just choosing people to
level up and leveling them up with your
experience they wanted you to do that
chalk drawing thing to make it more
visually exciting girl I don't know jack
trigger choice yes I love Daft Punk I
think they're great
I think random access memories a great
album and I love it and I listen to it
all the time and I also listen to their
soundtrack for Tron - and I also like
their older music I like damn Milan
loner art John says hey yes RTS games
for the most part do play the same which
is why I don't understand why you would
play an RTS like Donna for two onstream
told the jury because it was called
Jesus Christ shut up already because
ever since since I played Helldivers you
know everyone has been telling me that I
absolutely need to play dawn of war too
because superficially there are a vague
amount of similarities right and you
know that's the whole premise of that
show as we play we play a game then a
lot of people ask us to play
and then I played it and I can be like
no that in fact is an other RTS why did
you waste my time and we can be dumb I
get I no longer have to hear anybody
asked me to play a dawn of War 2 ever
again and that's that's why we play dawn
of war - the first time so I no longer
have to hear about it ever again
there you go there you go really say why
did you play dawn of war - how dare you
how dare you how dare you HAP's 78 says
rich stupid perhaps but any dumber than
Batman vs. predator or the x-men Star
Trek crossovers as a fan of aliens you
have no interest in seeing four-car
battling then oh there's the two
franchises that are totally completely
different it can only be a stupid fanboy
wank we see the chess poster come out of
a Starfleet officer we see the chest
pose to come out of a Klingon look Betty
aliens got ridges on his head then they
shoot all the aliens cuz you can't
really do an interesting story about
aliens because they're just monster
they're animal they're animal monsters
and then this year don't they phaser
them all and they blow the ship up they
blow the ship they're on up and why I
don't give a shit
it's a stupid crossover idea please but
there are there aliens in Star Trek
meets alien so what so the fuck what
a great gazoo is an alien are we waiting
on that Flintstones Star Trek TNG
crossover yep yep still waiting on if
this day let's call Freddie Williams jr.
accuracy boost done boom yeah you know
in rereading the Batman versus Predator
book man that's super lame Batman versus
Predator yeah yeah I did not much care
for it though I did like the turtles
meets Batman book yeah bye mr. Freddie
will enjoy while you did the art I
thought that was fun that was a fun book
by the way what the alien with the
Klingon ridges is totally going to
happen
that's totally come on it'll come out of
a Klingon it'll come out of a Klingon I
don't have the Klingon bridges that'll
be the main one they have to stop
because it'll be visually distinct from
the others okay I like it
it'll be guarding the warp core that
they have to blow up on the ship that
got infested though that's not how the
alien works like it doesn't take on the
stupid crossover and they gotta have it
they gotta have a Klingon alien not an
alien with pointy hear know that they're
not gonna have a logical alien well but
what then they could get an alien on
their crew what if they got a logical
alien and a joined the enterprise to
fight the evil Klingon alien is this TNG
specifically that's what they said well
they're gonna have to introduce like a
Vulcan character so they could try and
mind meld with an alien say all it's
just consumed with hunger or something
like that yeah yeah
and then that bad Vulcan will be eaten
later like as an act right after it
tries the mind Berjaya do them won't
work I like it a Vulcan I wonder how
much I'm right already on CNG so someone
is sending me a link at this exact
moment
it's them fighting a Klingon it doesn't
have ridges
well okay give it time I don't know if
that's from the cow give it time one of
them is gonna get infected it's gonna be
an alien with ridges sure how or how
about a Borg assimilation of the aliens
no that's how it'll start here's here's
how it starts much like much like the
the crappy Voyager turn the the Borg
cannot assimilate the aliens because
they keep melting the parts they put in
them and so the the enterprise keeps
finding destroyed Borg
focuses all across the galaxy and they
investigate who is attacking the Borg
and they discover the aliens that's how
it starts you know if something's
attacking the Borg you just let that
shit happen
not my problem
no no Borg oh my god well oh well prime
directive nature take what write it up
Jack yeah that's how that's exactly how
it'll start listen you know what
possible
what possible creature in this universe
could give the bog off right number one
we must go investigate I don't know I
don't know if we're gonna see the board
got it I'm not predicting that you got
to hit the main players man you're doing
a crossover comic you gotta hit the main
players
when they finished fighting the bog
what's to stop them from attacking the
Federation boom movie starts right I
don't know I don't know I agree not sold
on that that's it
so like I what would happen is I would
be your I'd be your first mate right sir
we've we found all of these Borg
colonies completely ravaged by aliens
we must go investigate the threat
because once they get done attacking the
Borg that attack the Federation yeah and
you go nope just let them other finds
fuck'em look at the Borg can't handle
them what the fuck is the Federation
gonna do team up with the book what are
you captain janeway hmm right right
captain mole ah I think I want a ps4
just so I can play blood-borne but $300
is a steep price for essentially one
game any ps4 exclusives you could
recommend I could feel like I'm
absolutely not it's like I feel less
like I'm throwing my money absolutely
not
they don't exist well they're they're
about to get neat Oh as a ps4 exclusive
okay
we don't know yeah we don't know if
that's gonna be good but it looks
interesting
no as far as like just ps4 exclusives no
there's nothing I can recommend to you
what I can say is a lot of things that
are also available on Steam right now
are also on the ps4
so it has games to play you might have
already played them if there are if you
have steam in or if you have a nice
gaming computer but there's there's a
bunch of games that you can play with a
controller they can play on it how do I
get to those skirmishes I want to get to
the do just show me a skirmish I wanted
to ask rubbish you missed 2 exclusives
this month the Yakuza zero and gravity
rush to I you know what I didn't much
care for the graph the first gravity
rush game didn't much care for it why
should I be interested in either of
these things cuz I'm not familiar with
them that's not sarcastic that's so me
on this what is yeah kisses 0 and what
is what gravity rush
you know what that yeah cuz the games
are right I'm just zooming there's some
kind of Grand Theft Auto s could only
more serious yeah okay play Grand Theft
Auto 5 Gravity Rush is interesting it's
it's kind of a platformer kind of a sim
with some fighting mechanics and you
play as this person who like you know
kind of flies through cities using
different gravity fields I played the
first one a little bit and didn't much
care for it I hear though people really
like people very much like the series
so
yeah there it has exclusives none that
none that apparently rich and I care
about a whole lot but it also has a
bunch of games that are also on Steam
that you can get for the ps4 so you know
it's horse apiece man horse apiece the X
is zero is a beat them up in a small
open world with adventure elements and
wacky humor great
great in Yakuza zero you Club a guy with
a scooter to teach him about respect all
right that's great yeah because there's
more of a beat him up okay all right all
right these are great okay these are
good snows good to nose good - oh yeah
kiss is more like the shimmy a new Wii
games dulles I thought of beat him up
the blue blaze has speaking of the Star
Trek alien crossover why our merchandise
that combines two pop-culture references
and crossover so popular also Thank You
Jack for sparking my interest in buying
the printed tees because people like the
logos thing I know yeah remember this is
something I've always said about like
t-shirts or stuff like they were just
what you wear in general that's a flag
that you fly the prep the problem of
crossovers yeah is you devolve into the
fan service territory oh yeah like
that's the whole purpose of a crossover
yeah yeah yeah I don't think that's
necessarily a bad thing a fan a fan
service in and of itself is not
inherently bad Captain America's gotta
use a shield on the Superman heat being
yeah you have you know I mean that
that's probably a bad example but I mean
you do the obvious you do the obvious
fanboy things that you know you need to
see and I'm saying that's not inherently
bad if there's a fun story or an
interesting arc along with bits of
fanservice right but he was just talking
about down a t-shirt like this do you
think that dr. Doom's got five Darth
Vader could be that could be a good
fight yeah sure sure but I mean you do
the obvious you do the obvious fanboy
thing and the crossover event yeah you
could you could know what happens in a
crossover without having actually read
it
probably yes probably and why people
like the the crossover stuff on
merchandise is so you get two flags for
one buck you get two to nerd things on
your shirt and some people go and I know
nerd thing and that's great
Creek Silver's gonna race the flash with
a lightsaber be able to go through a
Borg shield yep yep agreed
ah green let's see here's Singh gag
somebody somebody sent us the green
lantern a Star Trek crossover
it was just a lot of fucking different
colored beams going all over the place
it was the dumbest thing as a green
lantern and it's just is it just that
dumb or was it just excessively poorly
written maybe a little bit of both you
know okay Kevin from home alone versus
the predator I love it I would watch
that I would watch that sing singing ACK
says she didn't see me the first time
hello Jessica it's me one of those guys
from those videos from those YouTube
videos you were forced to watch against
your will tiger misses you and sends his
cuddles via Packard Graham anonymous
says hey guys either of you watched
stars is Spartacus wonderful show highly
recommend if you haven't although much
like resident evil evil 7 it only gets
good 3 hours in thanks for the stream no
I have not seen Spartacus Richard seen
Spartacus
no good boom dumb loner arch on would it
be simpler if I just make a rule that
you don't take suggestions and
recommendations from the chat due to the
number of misses and the fact that the
fans don't know your preferences at the
end of the day rich and I will make the
decision what game we play and you know
so know we like we welcome suggestions
everyone should know by now that we
might not necessarily take your
suggestion but we we will make the
decision and you know sometimes we'll
feel like yeah we'll try this fucking
game that people ask us for and
sometimes we want
you know what's both cool and blame on
stars right now what is both cool and
lame on stars right now ash vs. Evil
Dead Season 2 do you want to talk about
that finally if you would like to I
finally I have finally watched all of
Ash's Evil Dead Season 2 and overall
great fucking season here's the thing
I'm basically done anyway yeah we're
getting set to spoil the fuck out of the
ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2 yeah if you
haven't seen a Evil Dead Season 2 in its
entirety and you intend to yeah good
night thank you for showing up we really
appreciate you can wear probably gonna
be done after that talk yeah
heads up heads up super spoilers
spoilers for ash vs. Evil Dead Season 2
coming up right about so what do you
think about the whole season as a whole
I liked it as a whole yeah me too
I liked it up until two episodes before
the end
well then I'm giving people a chance to
file out before I say where I think it
really goes off the rails two episodes
before the end is is the inside ashes
mind asylum episode no that's for yeah
oh the last two episodes were dedicated
to now if you didn't leave by now what's
your own damn fault yep the last two
episodes are when they traveled back to
the 1980 that's the opposite that's the
last two episodes or maybe is it just
the last one it might be the last one be
just the last one like they do they do
it and at the end of the second one so
the last tour is the last one no cos
thing no good they go back and then they
have the whole Henrietta and doctor oh
yeah yeah you're right you're right that
old Henry in fact that was its own
episode that could be a though yeah got
his frickin name no the doctor the
doctor had the neck crown originally
yeah Evil Dead and they go to the cabin
yeah before ash showed up originally
right
and then the episode after that was the
finale you know weird and unsatisfying
like what but the you could have ended
that season like at the end of the
insane asylum stuff sure with sounds
Pedro dies yeah yeah with him being dead
yeah it's kind of a cliffhanger yeah
that would that would have been rough
that would have worked that would have
been a rough cliffhanger but it would
have worked yes
so overall like everyone knows like my
feelings on season 1 were kind of
lukewarm I didn't really hit all the
right notes for me and I really didn't
like the ending doctor Nobby Thank You
Chet doctor Nobby but the season 2 I
thought every episode was just hit after
hit after hit especially like it was
only the second or third episode in and
heads ashes head gets shoved up a dead
guy's ass that was probably the best
Evil Dead moment like overall just a big
pierced dong dangling and Ash's face
some of the best TV I have watched a
hilarious hilarious gory gross stuff I
loved it I fucking loved all of it up
until the very you know what and I was
even down with going back in time
because you know way at the end Pedro
who is dead at the hand of Zul of Bill
at the hands of Bill comes back to life
for a moment to tell ash that he should
go back in time and just stop stop him
from getting the Necronomicon yeah and
then they go back in time because that's
something that he's done before which I
thought was hilarious yeah yeah we can
go back in time I've gone back to the
Middle Ages before just a flat-out
call-out to army army of Darkness
technically technically not to because
the end of evil then too he does go back
in time really technically really their
only referencing that so they can get
away with not having the army of
Darkness right sure okay you're right
and I was super excited about that they
go back but the end episode is where
everything
down the goddamn shitter they shit the
bed that what's what's the director's
name who directed fan fantastic uh Josh
Trank they josh trank tit
they absolutely shit the bed where
instead of the big confrontation that's
supposed to happen the big bloodbath
that is supposed to end any sort of Evil
Dead movie Ash decides to have a plane
no powers fistfight with the main bad
guy that was silly I didn't care much
for that didn't care much for that and
I'll bouquet hey you know what let's see
where this goes I'm still I'm still with
it at that point yep
then the end end like where are they
when are they is a I think they're
modern times how do they get back ash
wins the fight ash wins the fist fight
the house gets burned down all the bad
people go away
Pedro gets resurrected and apparently
they come back to the future even though
we never saw them come back to
present-day time and there is a giant
parade in honor of Ash the hero
even though going back in time means he
never got the Necronomicon or fought
evil in the first place yes yep so then
why is there a big parade for his honor
uh-huh then to get even more dumb Ash's
dad and other people show up as literal
goddamn force ghosts you you're that's
less confusing than his dad showing up
as a bathtub ghost that turns into a
chainsaw that made absolutely no sense
Pablo oh my god I'm so sorry I've been
calling him Pedro I'm so sorry his name
is Pablo Pablo Pablo
um that's true during the fistfight with
the ghost goblin -
dad shows up and magically turns into a
chainsaw for no apparent reasons a
parent spirit for no reason you could
tell me anything I haven't seen it well
this I'm we've we've given the heads up
we're doing ash forces yeah that's easy
we've said we're doing spoilers so if
you don't care like and I am trying for
those who just don't care about the
series in general I am trying to get
give some context you know of what's
actually happening but like all the
things I've described are incredibly out
of place not just in the Evil Dead
universe but in this new series and so
it's it was so confusing it was so
jarring the ending wasn't bloody the
ending wasn't silly like there wasn't
good silly you know like the ending was
just kind of blah and pointless and it
didn't make any sense and it was
confusing in a bad way yeah and a big
letdown just just a really big letdown
and you were saying that apparently
there's an interview out there with the
showrunner now former showroom now
former showrunner who did not get his
way for the finale and what did he want
to happen he wanted I know like I'm sure
if some of the cabin stuff would have
been different I think he wanted like
ash to meet up with old ash as he went
to the cabin for the first time
sure so they were gonna do something
with that yeah but the big one was Kelly
was gonna be Ash's daughter old ash was
gonna meet Kelly's mother at a bar in
the 80s and just bit like banger in the
bathroom
mm-hmm and then if that was gonna be now
can't leaves his daughter that would be
perfect yeah it would it would have
given Kelly a reason to actually be
around which it doesn't really have
honestly Pablo's got the whole hero
worship thing yeah Kelly somewhat less
motivation well her parents died
yeah and so like feet of evil and then
like why did she why was she hanging
around with him in in Jacksonville there
fighting demons then yeah I think would
give her a reason to be there but I
think that was actually a lot of this
season was like they spent a lot of time
on Kelly this season of just like why
are you following Ashe and her just
going I don't know it's just because
that's what I'm doing
uh-huh uh-huh and so like they were they
were starting to deal with that in this
new way of doing it they never ended up
dealing with why she was following ash
which yes oh if it found if we all found
out that she was ash his daughter that
would be great that would be great Pablo
Pablo Pablo and Kelly and yeah so the
show the original showrunner had some
really good ideas some ideas that would
have worked incredibly well and the
ending that they ended up with was
disappointing and it makes me very
worried about season three and
apparently these changes didn't come
from stars or didn't come from like the
bureaucrats who were putting the show
together it came from one of the
original producers of Evil Dead Rob
Shepherd Rob ever wanted the show to be
more serious he thought it was too silly
according to the showrunner who could
just be bitter that he got fired
uh-huh sire Lee possible we only have
one side of the story yeah but according
to him Rob Tapper fought against the
morgue scene because it was too silly
then we know who's in the wrong if that
story is true that story is true we know
exactly who's wrong because that morgue
seemed deserves an Oscar how can you
give it an Oscar all the Oscars it needs
more Oscars it needs all of the Oscars
Best Cinematography apparently the award
for Best Cinematography goes to not a
movie at all but this one scene in ash
vs. Evil Dead best musical score it goes
to actually something that's not a movie
or a musical it goes to the morgue scene
and ass vs. Evil Dead
rob tapper does not get evil that no
apparently he does not you know what he
does get Lucy Lawless heck of a
consolation but yeah he's fine he's fine
he's got Lucy Lawless but so yeah it's
it's very concerning about season three
of accuracy but you know we'll see
anything could happen maybe they'll come
to their senses we don't know I feel
like the morgue scene was just sort of
weekly gross like not Evil Dead grows
just like what's the grossest scene we
could do on a pay channels
I don't know fine it was extremely funny
in my opinion so it was incredibly funny
it was it was very gross yes but
incredibly funny ashes head literally
got shoved up a demons ass and because
that demon didn't have guts we got to
see the whole thing that was hilarious
and then after his head or while his
head was being shoved up a demons ass
the demons pierced dong kept knocking
him in the face that's hilarious
bruce campbell deserves an Oscar for
that scene that was great
disturbingly funny yes that's a great
way to put him it was fantastic he was
yeah and while the demon was shoving his
butt on top of his head he kept saying
not in the but not in the but not in the
button and it was great it was great it
was funny shocking and we're still
talking about it probably the best scene
but yeah
maybe maybe season 3 would be more
interesting if the Necronomicon ended up
in the hands of Pamela Voorhees what
they don't have the license to use
Friday the 13th characters I don't know
what you're getting at chat and I was
like oh yeah that could be funny didn't
they do that and one of the comic book
things I have no idea pretty sure they
did that I have no idea no Sam Raimi is
not dead I actually don't know what Sam
Raimi is doing at this point in his life
and it doesn't matter if he would have
approved or not he's not really working
on the show so the Oscar for the best
makeup effect goes to that song from the
morgue scene from Evil Dead iGrow min I
thought I thought rich would like that
joke he did not like the Pamela Voorhees
joke that's why I read say it again say
it again say it again let me let me
double-check the joke cuz I was kind of
playing the game that had an effect no
no it's fine you guys it's all done well
you might get something out of that by
the time Suicide Squad got Best Makeup
nomination really yeah yeah that's weird
so in any case I'm I'm really glad that
I did watch overall because I was even a
little wishy-washy on whether or not I'd
watch the season 2 because I was so if
he on season 1 but overall a great
season wanna you know they a great a
great episode of you know is ash going
crazy episode that was super fun there
was a puppet
there was a puppet rich
well we all like the puppet everyone
like the puppet everyone like the puppet
every like the puppet is good ash vs.
Evil Dead Season two super good
hey liking this I like it yeah yeah like
I said you know it's got nothing on XCOM
combat hate this yeah Jay is a twin
peaks' David on train I am a big Twin
Peaks fan I'm not necessarily a David
Lynch fan but I do love between Peaks I
have no feelings strongly about the new
series I refer to something Jay said
about it which is a reason to look
forward to it is because David Lynch is
doing it you know he doesn't give a fuck
about what other people say so he's
doing whatever he wants which is a
strong point I feel in the series but I
don't I don't necessarily I'm not
looking forward to it I'm not not
looking forward to it I will see you
when it comes out anonymous says
thoughts on the they live remake hasn't
aged well performance wise I think with
the excess of Technology and reptilian
conspiracies it could make for an
important campy film people will
actually watch and they live remake came
over me
you know what a little bit of this
I don't think the original is a perfect
movie by any means but yeah it doesn't
matter now the question with any remake
you know like is does it have a room for
improvement and it does could be fun
could not be could suck balls right my
comment about Pamela Voorhees earlier is
based on the fact that both the
Necronomicon and the dagger from the
Evil Dead films pop up in Jason goes to
hell
Oh Jason goes to hell that's oh god oh
god this probably shit happens the way
they live is indeed a perfect movie no
we're saying it's not a perfect movie
they live has some room for improvement
it's a great movie but it has room for
improvement
this that one you fuck has there been
any actually good remake Ocean's eleven
Ocean's eleven is a very good remake the
fly the fly is a very good remake if
you're asking about modern remakes
that's different it
rich name a good remake the thing the
thing is a good remake the the fly chant
thank you the mist the mist is a good
remake hello are they still doing ash
vs. Evil Dead suppose yeah it looks like
it sounds like we're kind of done
talking about ash where's the old dead
season 2 so you know you don't come back
some people like true grit items yeah
right
great I've done the thing alright you
did it think I kind of like it honestly
that's great that's great rich rich
likes it
hey you guys rich likes anime now send
them up send rich all your anime
suggestions and he'll watch all the
anime now because he likes anime Jack
don't you dare don't you fucking dare
hmm
hey rich you should watch the anime
based on this ha Sandridge all your
anime suggestions now he's super into
anime he's good where he's gonna go
watch the visual novel of panty party
now don't do it no wait what do you play
as a pair of panties what I feel
justified in anything I ever said about
anime what everything I have ever said
you you play as a pair of panties
okay you go to you go to the store play
a page for a second it's very positive
it's very positive for all reviews is a
fast-paced battle game fly as a panty in
the street and in between buildings
search for enemy panties and kick their
bad heart heart heart now I feel less
dirty and more confused I thought I knew
him I'm gonna be I'm gonna be honest
with you I thought I knew what that game
was about but knowing that you play as a
flying pair of panties oh just be a fine
place down the stream but we need to
read them we were it's good that we read
the names maybe after Wednesday's
playthrough of panty party I would not
count on that we will descend I would
not count on that I will fight you
tooth-and-nail dog hey this is the point
in the stream where we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during the
stream like dr. guter hooter hanker who
has subscribed to us for 15 months in a
row and dr. Gunn guter hooter hangar
says is just a drop in the bucket but
I'm happy to drip in your bucket
please don't make that sound ie it's too
late Godfather footed or twenty four
fucking months in a row says three years
of a support than your gun billing habit
yeah that's more that's more like
Italian pizza that was like a gross
margin mobsters Mario did Mario yeah
if with you if once you get the faith
right everything else comes in
everything else Korean overcome you said
Godfather I'd look like this George
Lucas you need to look at some point
this you have a lot of it with you go v
s/s white slavers he took Star Wars away
from me even though I accepted four
million dollars get your tongue in
between your teeth like this that's it
boom buddy Liberty Panther we're next
three and we're gonna pray the PNG party
no we're not hey this time it's lupus
for 15 months in a row and this lupus
says Jesus Christ that's longer than
I've held a job since college and boron
ah pair of paradigms this is not a pair
of patties here Arjun sinks because then
you have a party your origin Six's
thanks as always for the hours of
entertainment keep it up and shoot dima
doopty doctor smoke trees rich you don't
know a damn thing about democracy if
your own grayton sorry doctor your smoke
trees we appreciate the subscription
we're not doing politics at the moment
thank you
be smart about your protesting is all I
have said TC Brady 133 says I just shit
in my red letter media goodie bag I've
ruined my Colin bobblehead ja Geno suave
says thanks for everything you hack
frauds a Michele 87 29 fucking months in
a row star Horrible's 20 fucking months
in a row Barbie Barbie mcq Marin rec
time
I last 1984 slash s 20 fucking months in
a row lego face cam 1 669 plunge 87
think usury name 27 fucking months in a
row user rename says sorry missed a few
weeks catching up with a show slash went
to our fourth beef fest in a row the
films were all awful the crowd none too
docile always good to visit Chicago I
heard I heard it was a little bee Fest
this year according to according to Jay
and Josh started really strong but ended
very poorly I will never go to a be fest
it's it's wrong it's awful it's fun but
apparently they ended it with a showing
of they live and they said seeing they
live in a theater with a big crowd of
people was the greatest yep
where were we cubic Santa gak visceral
attacks on stairs says I accidentally
forgot to cancel my subscription for the
seventh time in a row it's crazy
visceral it's crazy DeLorean for me
space como 429 fucking months in a row I
just wanted to say to both of you hello
tyreq the ancient 13 months in a row
deaths G Lucas Ducas 16 months in a row
come tram mundus 17 months in a row rich
I'm sorry chat was a shit
I actually liked this game and wanted
the volume up
the off switch 13 months in roses 13
months and yet see you fucks save a game
from how do you manage to dress yourself
in the morning I sometimes it's
sometimes I leave the house you know
wearing very strange things
brioche TV well Asturias says I was
going back to the police quest stream
and it counted that lovely lovely moment
with sunny buns the most manly cotton
linter walk straight into the river and
drowned arms flailing riches laughter
was strong keep it up frauds a crocodile
brain for 27 fucking months in a row
crocodile brain says Wow 27 months so
many memorable streams FTL co-op octo
dead Issac and hoping for him anymore
lol press x2 which way should I go now
you fucks fleshy patch 28 fucking months
and a roses no breakfast cereal will
ever be better than Cap'n Crunch yeah
like like Apple Jacks or Frankenberry oh
wait those are both better than generic
ass fucking Captain Crunch wow I didn't
know you had such strong opinions on
breakfast cereals this is this changes
the game right here Lando was taken for
28 fucking months in a row we hear we
hear you laugh that was taken we hear
you I hear you
desperate haven't talked about it weird
I said we weren't gonna talk about
necessarily blame ug I said we weren't
gonna talk well we're not talking about
it we're getting people to break Sagan
twelve twenty twenty four fucking months
in a row cool trainer la Hendy says so
tired of haters on YouTube
blaming rich for for hating JRPGs it
wasn't his fault that JRPGs suck nice
nice sane like that wasn't mad at all
what they were talking about they were
talking about he blade they all blame
rich for our JRPGs being bad yeah that's
when they blame me for person crazy
see it couldn't possibly be the JRPGs
own fault for running Hilary rich then
let's talk about about it
neurotic Ryan from em I says lol Leonard
my meme oi give us moon seventeen months
in a row our Bert 3p poop dick 5079 just
can't believe I missed the stream
tonight working on Sunday is the worst
lol why Whitter joy fully sad El Pollo
Diablo says 6 5 7 El Pollo Diablo six
five seven bad numbers yep
well you Damn Yankees butcher my name
again I think you did our I need to find
el pollo chicken el pollo el pollo the
chicken and and this Diablo devil the
devil the chicken devil I know your
fucking name means jackass doesn't mean
the devil chicken good night
