May 15, 2017
Zelda: Oracle of Seasons
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153749776
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/153754018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3spwufkT6_Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVttD5dRNWs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/863849306767454210
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/864201991983165442

[Part I]
poor fucking christ we can't do anything
right can we we were so close man who do
one fucking thing huh we one fucking
thing right on time we were so close but
you know what four minutes is still
within the margin of error like if
you're if you say you're going to show
up someplace and you show up 15 minutes
lady I think even 15 minutes is within
the margin of error hey everybody
welcome to our makeup stream yesterday
was Mother's Day and so I was busy
cleaning the house fucking Mother's
doing our rashes am i right cooking all
the meals tending to my children that's
usually like Lissa nice big thing for
both Mother's Day and Father's Day is
just like hey guess what this is the day
that you leave me the fuck alone
I'm just gonna do whatever I want to do
that was how I haven't just leave me the
fuck alone that was no plan we had that
we we grilled out we had my mom over
Lisa's mom over at Lisa's sister over
who was also a mother I cooked I cleaned
which I really usually do anyway but it
was just a nice night and then you know
as it got towards the end of the night I
was like so yeah what do you think
should I stream tonight she's like how
about you stay here and we played board
games and I said okay that's what you
wanted to do for Mother's Day we played
board games yeah it was great oh so we
will be spoiling the fuck out of
guardians of the galaxy volume 2 for the
whole stream yeah the whole stream rich
and I will unrestrained to talk about
guardians of the galaxy volume 2 so if
you care about those spoilers leave now
before we do that though I do want to
tell a bit of a story you gonna do that
I'm trying to get tips load because
we're gonna need it yeah it's not loaded
it says it's loading okay seems like
it's taking that a while not press X and
try again did you do that already I'm
what I'm having some kind of internet
issues
I'm not connected evening good evening
okay so while we're just trying to
connect the tips as I was thinking about
so I'm playing Zelda Oracle of Seasons
off of my gameboy advanced reader that
is currently hooked up to my Gamecube I
have a beautiful purple GameCube right
in front of me as you see my GameCube
controller great and out of the back of
my GameCube there are actually two AV
outlets one is just the standard
composite AV which you'll remember like
from your it's actually the same out at
the n64 and the Super Nintendo had I
thought it was the same above the we had
it's not I don't know if that we had the
standard def outlet the Wii was a
standard def system oh but I thought it
was I thought it had a different I guess
it could have been the same I think it
was the saying the rectangle with a
little divot yeah maybe I don't remember
cuz I bought a special cord a rectangle
with a divot that even though the we
wasn't an HD system and I'll put it in
the red green blue sure the component
yeah well the this has a component out
but it's a special component out and
this system is a for ATI
480 interlaced system and you can get
the component out that turns it into
480p which is literally twice the
resolution like once you start hitting
progressive yeah it's no longer
interlace you can get a super crisp
image out of your GameCube okay and so I
was like oh you know what I bet there's
a million of these cords out I'm gonna
head over to Amazon or Ebay and see if I
can find one of these GameCube component
outs yeah first I go to Amazon cuz I am
maybe Amazon has it on Amazon $300
that's a lot of money for a Gamecube no
no just a cord just record okay so go
alright we'll head over to ebay I bet
there's a Chinese knockoff eBay the
cheapest I could find it was two hundred
and eighty dollars
right what it is is this it is this
incredibly specialized cord that has a
up processor built into the cable with
Nintendo proprietary Hardware inside of
it Jack yeah you do not like piracy we
know that I do not like piracy you you
then presumably own your your GameCube
discs right I have them playing all the
stuff on the stuff that I there is it
there there's a piece of software that
will emulate your Gamecube yes I believe
it's called the dolphin okay yeah you
can you can install that any later you
know then it's not piracy because you
put your disc that you own and bought
and paid for and it's a physical item
that you own and you can put that in
there still and it would have led from
the disc one my computer doesn't have a
disk drive but I could always buy a disk
drive you could um my computer my nice
gaming PC does not have a disk drive
because I didn't think I would need one
and you could always you know get a USB
one or whatever that to me is a piracy
grain here that isn't not at all Apaches
you the games were added your dad played
online system you're not stealing any
software right you're stealing zero
software just feeling zero software
you're stealing a hard work you're not
stealing hardware
you're stealing Hardware you're not
stealing Hardware playing it on
something it was not intended oh it's an
emulation of that hardware right the
hardware that you didn't play if pay for
so you steal the hardware
I am saying this is a morally gray pay
for your computer I did not pay Nintendo
for my computer so what that's that's
where it turns into a morally gray area
for me you sound like my sister hey now
wait is that is that an insult or is
that a compliment
the hardware that you want right and
that's where it turns into greater
because if I own the game and I own a
gamecube is it really piracy I I'm
taking the stance that it still
technically is no it is not in any way
shape or form by by any definition
except for your own peculiar crazy one
it first of all it very much is you are
justifying the piracy by saying well I
own this no it's not we just had this
you're emulating the hardware you are
yes you are emulating the hardware there
is hard when there is nothing illegal
about them or emulating the hardware
that you did not there is zero things
legal about emulating the hardware no no
I'm not saying about illegal it's a
moral issue you are not paying for the
hardware that you should pay for so
you're buying the games yeah which
Nintendo wants you to buy because they
make money off the games yeah and you
think they're gonna be upset because
well you didn't buy the hardware which
is a loss leader so you will buy the
games
no well Nintendo never loses on their
hardware Nintendo has by the way that
you can't use that argument in Tendo you
can use that for Xbox
oh no and by the way I know like this is
all semantics because like I bought my
Gamecube from a second-hand dealership
which Nintendo isn't making any money
off of and I got my games from a
secondhand dealership with with
Nintendo's making oh it's you know what
you know what Jack huh you're right the
simple easy solution that is 100% legal
it's morally great you know what it's
you go out yeah and you buy a $300 cord
so you can play the games on your actual
Gamecube Jack but it's the right thing
to do you go out and do that right now
by the way no I don't tell you don't go
home and tell your wife that you know
what even though there's absolutely
nothing illegal about it I did not like
the idea of downloading this free
software so I went to the store and
bought a $300 cable first of all I would
never even if I bought it I would never
tell her I bought it because though
that's a fight waiting to happen but
here we had to restart I did oh sure
I'll never remember what it is I I know
you told me a few times I told you a few
times
give me a second here guys
no no and by the way you don't need the
cable like I can play it like we're
playing this on the TV right now without
a cable you know right you don't need
the cable to play it just gives you a
slightly more crisp image it was just
funny like you would get playing on the
dolphin and I can give like it was it'd
be like for Christmas
you might've you might be able to find
like user-made mobs that like you know
up the resolution on texture no and I'm
sure like I could actually take my old
control I bet they'd have a Gamecube 2
USB adapter so I could use this they
almost certainly do as a newa speaking I
know I'm sure like it by the way I'm not
arguing that it would be a lovely
experience it would be a lovely
experience right it's just to you know
I'm I take kind of a hard-line stance
here and and I got to stick with that
because once because once you start
making exceptions you can keep on making
exceptions all the way down so I I take
my hard-line stance and I take it pretty
seriously so if you start up a with this
a minor exception you're gonna build up
the Flik full-blown piracy is that what
you're saying well once once you start
saying do you support the legalization
of pot say it again like you know you're
saying you're saying the dolphin with
your own disc that you own is a gateway
drug yeah piracy absolutely do you
support the legalization of marijuana
not only that I support the legalization
of every drug that's a gateway drug Jack
I start doing pot born the crack cocaine
I support the legal as the heroines of
every drug ok ok
absolutely make it all legal let people
pay for it even though they're going to
you can't stop people from doing stupid
stuff jack support no I do not support
jaywalking I go to every fucking
crosswalk every time even if it's out of
my way because I am a stickler for that
shit I'm a I'm a I'm a square rich you
know that I'm a square
I am a giant square yeah your head is
clearly round
Lisa Lisa yells at me constantly cuz
you'll just want to cross the street and
jaywalk and I will say we wait we are
going to the lights and we are using
that goddamn crosswalk those are the
rules those are the rules okay so by the
way the Tomic mousetrap says yes isn't
this on target here on target stay on
target
the retron 5 is a third company piece of
hardware yeah that can play physical NES
games right is that piracy the you are
201 once upon a time I believe you
looked into we looked into the
restaurant five and here's what I will
say about that it actually made
third-party NES consoles later yeah
because the copyright for the hard for
the hardware had run out so like there
is there is a world in which NES
emulation is perfectly legal and
acceptable okay like I said there's a
there's a moral area that I'm Jack I
think the retron 5 is morally great it
could I think that's as good as piracy I
don't have it so it couldn't end is not
getting the money for that hardware
right you're stealing that hardware I
don't have it snack off its knockoff
hardware I don't own a retron rich this
is moot as I do not own oh look at this
Oh a sec I don't know what I have to do
I'll tell you that did you just start is
this a new game no this is not a new
game do you want to start a new game do
you think no you do did you play from
your early early Mars I'm not I'm not
terribly far like I just we don't you
know maybe maybe people want to you know
what yeah let's just you're not far then
fuck it let's just start a new game here
anonymous says hello jack and rich hi
anonymous question how do we get out of
here what if I already owned a pair of
Nike shoes Oh what is it ok if I steal
an other pair or is it okay if I buy a
knockoff pair of Nike made illegally
Thanks
well this isn't the same thing as
stealing a pair of Nikes for one we're
talking about using the discs which is
like saying can I use my Nike shoes in
my hands if I want but the shoes I
already own can I do something go mmm
not really
your analogy is bad because Jack would
still be using his shoes he's not
replacing his shoes with an artificial
pair of shoes or a stolen pair of shoes
Jack would be using his shoes yeah
Nerra yeah that's that's kind of tricky
there we go
okay we're gonna start a new game new
game yeah and you know what because I'm
a super square I usually go link that's
what I usually do you know I do the same
type of thing you know it's fine that's
all fine that's all fine all right let's
start this there's a brand new game
Oracle of Seasons this takes place when
chronologically I think this takes place
after ocarina chronologically huh as far
as the great Zelda timeline is concerned
so you're already the hero and Zen and
Zelda which which hero are you you're
the hero of time you hear of time in
this yes chat chat after ocarina yeah
you're the hero of time so I'm saying
it's after Link's Awakening I don't know
maybe you're another new link there's
always a new link I know know what I so
don't care about that this is they talk
about like Zelda like Zelda like sent at
me here to protect this person from
Ganon Ganon's not the bad guy oh here we
go you don't care yeah I know you don't
care about the chronologic the the yeah
the Hyrule oh yeah every link is
different that is not true that's not
true like ours mask there's one that is
most definitely the link from route the
the Phantom Hourglass link is the same
this is most definitely the same link as
winwaker yeah there's a couple other
ones too or they're the same link like
so uh wait aren't you the same link in
link to links adventure uh well that
could be some kind of weird translation
thing I think you're supposed to be
though that just could be what the hell
they translated it for America you know
sure but I think you're supposed to be
the same link
I have the timeline book right here ya
figure out who I oh look at this look at
this group of gypsies Here I am oh look
hey here's Impa use EMPA the troops cook
blink I see din the dancing girl found
you collapsed in the woods she's cared
for you through your nightmares sweet
ass din so what is what is what is the
background on this game what this is it
right here I don't mean in-game I mean
in real life this wasn't made by
Nintendo uh well it's not it's you know
obviously produced by Nintendo developed
by Capcom yeah this is a Nintendo Capcom
collaboration and they're fantastic
games and this game came out
simultaneously with Oracle of Ages which
are two very different games that you
can then use the link cable to like link
together yeah cuz that this was like
when the gameboy color introduced the
link cable where you could like wave
shit with something ham with the video
we are cut off horribly go to them go to
the rooms who is we are not at all
perfect wait
now we're pretty close oh wait I think I
did something low we're pretty close but
you've got some hearts missing but I
mean you guys know what the hearts are
you know okay I'll figure they're
freaking anal-retentive of legs we'll
resize it I'll fix it so this is Oracle
of Seasons this is Oracle of Seasons
the other one is Oracle of Ages correct
you are correct rich and there was a
special thing where you could link
though I wanted there we go change the
size of it
right yeah I get it look we had a little
black it's fine it's close enough it's
frickin that's freaking close enough
there that's pretty good okay
now you guys can see all the things we
see I hope you're happy all right yeah
we're not gonna get to these chip tips
for a while why would I say I don't know
I'm just like I keep her in a ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding everything
there we go
which pixel is the game snap oh snap
classic Oh din has been caring freeze
look at look at how they set up a good
spoiler learned in is about to get
straight-up kidnapped but first you know
we got to do do a little bump and grind
here we go
all right nothing wrong with a little
bump and grind and we know there's the
two games Oracle in seasons yeah you
know originally I'm supposed to be a
third no I wasn't it wasn't going to be
it wasn't gonna be Oracle's and Ages it
was going to be courage wisdom and power
oh that's a funny yeah yeah but like the
ages in the season thing I remember you
complaining a lot about ocarina and how
they didn't have many time puzzles that
was like what's important you know why I
got that gimmick and then you don't
really use it there's one dungeon where
they kind of use it and then but in ages
end season you actually have to use the
changing of the seasons and the ages for
puzzles ok so ok so there there is like
you know it makes sense
the names okay
and I want to say din hero then they're
gonna tell us in a second that's why we
started a new game Diniz
wait why can't I dance with you din I
think I'm supposed to dance with you
don't be shy dancing will be fun okay
here we go oh look at din got a little
and look at link that will a moe alright
we'll dance with you totally a white guy
uh-uh
what do i do what do I do it's great
Dubey sandwiches soubise sandwich thanks
for the shout out from last stream
albeit I wasn't there and was a goof say
rich now that you pre-bought Vanquish on
pc do you still plan to get rid of your
ps3 oh well Koff fuck wasn't fuck my flu
sad face oh is it as yes I'm sorry about
that that you've said that in the past
that you are only holding on to the ps3
for Vanquish it's a result you don't it
it was only a it's an exaggeration but
only a slight one okay it's like my
reasons to have a ps3 though are
definitely dwindling mmm-hmm like you
know there was a vanquish there's the
Arkham games those are all to be MPC now
yeah yeah still got the ninja gaiden
games I like Ninja Gaiden Sigma a ninja
gaiden 2 Sigma but you know those
probably won't ever be on PC so I got
that and I got from software's 3d Dot
Heroes oh right I have us ps3 ok
so I'll keep my I'm gonna keep my ps3
around having it having it hooked up at
all times will not be a priority but it
is now because of vanquish it has gone
down a peg it's gone down a major peg
ooh
you cannot escape onyx general of
darkness rich that's who we're fighting
here onyx the general of darkness I love
it
oh and it has a blu-ray player if you
don't have a standalone blu-ray player
is that true with the ps3 uh yeah yeah
that's nice that's nice
one I never use blu-rays though you have
the option though yeah yeah ah did I
think I eventually got um blu-ray drive
for the PC I believe oh yeah well uh
nevermind is Jack ever gonna finish near
nope don't care about it I have nothing
against near for crying out loud there's
just not enough time to play all of the
games and known existence what I do I
didn't hook me we played a few hours and
it didn't hook me there are games that
we have played on stream for the first
time and I go oh I want to get into that
a little bit more and near didn't do it
jet you never saw my reaction to hearing
vanquish was on PC now because I heard
about it off stream yes and and rich
knows was happy though people are still
tweeting at me they're not tweeting at
pre records they're tweeting at me to
tell you hey this is why I don't have an
Twitter you know what I don't need to be
I don't need to get like a hundred and
fifty tweets about this you can get a
hundred and fifty tweet and I just I
hear about news I need to hear about you
look very convenient you're welcome I'll
be your shield okay
gosh darn it that's 85 says hey you
fucks I I got prey and it's just like
rocket League and totally not exactly
like Bioshock I never had anything else
Bioshock I know you're trying to get me
to play pray by osha hackles fine yeah
but it was a fine game i just don't have
time for prep also rich you
mispronounced Wolfenstein the O is short
like Oh Cara now I don't even remember
anymore I don't even remember anymore o
karna Ocarina ocarina oh there you go
okay Okinawa so is this for you is this
Revere I'm Wow
Stein boy Finch team I think it's a
water finch times 450 oh okay so I'm not
this is not like room so - Jo
Wolfenstein if it's supposed to be like
ocarina wow Finch time it's a perfect
time for valve Einstein Stephen
Wolfenstein Wolfenstein was awesome that
was that was my favorite birthday gift
because I came out of nowhere I had no
idea it exists it no but that gave me a
copy of freaking Wolfenstein 3d of it oh
my god it's like it's me oh I'm holding
the gun one and yes you could strafe
oh yeah Luton shine is tough to get your
head around I am I am I am 90% sure
there was a strafe key we hold on strafe
I'll tell you now that I've gotten used
to it I can kick some fucking ass in
loof Tinch time the boss would have been
freaking impossible in that game if you
couldn't right
okay here's the backstory
this is Impa the nurse of Hyrule's
princess zelda and Den's no dancer
either she is actually the Oracle of
Seasons who wields control over the
forces of nature zelda has mystical
powers that told of a curtain of shadow
drawing around in I was instructed to
take her to Hyrule in secret zelda gave
me this quest but oh I've been wounded I
know I won't be able to travel for some
time ah link I know not why you were
lying in the woods but you and din were
fated to meet if the triangle on your
left hand is real then you may be the
hero who will save the world
what so I believe this is in the tie if
you go through the stupid Zelda timeline
uh-huh
one of the timelines is at the end of
ocarina zelda sends kid link back in
time to warn of Ganon mm-hm and so
technically you didn't do any of the
hero shit in this timeline because you
warned everyone Afghan and so you didn't
get to go on an adventure and so this
happens afterwards I think that's this
timeline
please use your power to aid in please
take my message to the make coutry of
whole Ron village the Megu tree is the
guardian of all hollow drum surely he
can help
oh it's kind of linking to the timeline
which I'm not going to look at because I
so don't give I don't remember like I
know that timeline is awful and I
remember like way back in the day
watching a video on that timeline and
they're like and all the timeline
theorists we're wondering where this
would fall until Nintendo announced a
third timeline and you look fucking
fucked is the dumbest thing right what
if timeline now god no there's the
there's the there's the young link gets
sent back their time travel allows for
young link timeline and old link
timeline those are the two you get the
third one isn't made up what if they
could die right which I mean technically
speaking if you played that game link
probably died at some point so so
elegant and well thought-out and
beautiful oh they knew what they were
doing those those Nintendo those
storytelling architects oh it's like and
for anyone who believes that like of
course Nintendo didn't know what the
fuck they were doing ah he I fell down a
hole fantasy in wonder a mystery and
nope well like they didn't know they're
doing it on this timeline a the sword is
pulled in and timeline B and then jesus
fucking christ like of course i didn't
know what they were doing at first and
then like them trying to shoehorn it all
together and i mean you have it's in the
fucking title any kind of
inconsistencies you throw away myth
legend whoever gore the details are lost
a time there you go there you go any
kind of timeline issue you have you have
wave the legend banner and it doesn't
matter pretty much but i don't need to
do this silly fucking ultra nerdy
timeline shit oh you know what here's
the thing you don't need to do it it is
kind of fun i think it's kind of fun and
not at all
at some point it was fun right now it's
convoluted the point where it's just
high rolling is like you can't take it
seriously it's too dumb right but it's
like it's fun like it's like that fan
theory that all the Pixar movies take
place in the same universe that's a
that's fun you're trying to connect the
fucking universe that Twilight Princess
takes in the universe that fucking Wind
Waker takes place in right no those
aren't different timelines
haha oh no all right now originally this
is every timeline you see they know the
one existed when the kid went back and
the other existed when when the kid went
back in Zelda didn't have a hero of time
and because she didn't have a dear time
actually more evil came back later and
that's what caused the Great Flood
because she said to hear her back began
and came back as she failed as a ruler
but in Twilight she sent the kid back
with the kids succeeded but Ganon still
came back because evil never really goes
away so rich it's a well-thought-out
timeline you know you know what the
problem what does all the timeline is
with that it reeks of wudu hide
voodoo hide it reeks of wudu how does
that mean the Star Wars Darth Vader
helmet was polished with wudu hide that
kind of obsessively filling in all of
the deep
we need to how did were the guest star
plans come from like specifically we
need to we haven't seen that stuff it's
like that yes I'm with it and I can't
stand it and but like I agree that the
fan base takes it too far
it can be fun yeah fun with it like you
know I don't exist
I can't take it seriously this is all
the timeline I just can't
agreed
I'm with you all right where am I at
were Miami just this guy you notice I
still might see guardians in the theater
please continue to argue about piracy
for the next four hours instead of
talking about guardians where I start
talking about it at some point Jax Jax
into his game right now so I'm gonna
hold a little bit after I get the sword
and talked to the Megu tree then then
I'm thinking a lot of just battle stuffs
gonna happen so okay but you know we can
start talking about it any time you want
to rich because I mean I have some ah
you know I have some things to say about
guardians I have some strong opinions on
guardians but here's what I will say
yeah it's not a bad movie I loved it I
know you I loved it you texted me to say
you loved it it's not a bad movie and
you know if you want to see the theater
is probably good place to see it's got
big bold visuals you might like it if I
came in theater I can name an issue or
two but it's far out balanced by things
I like in sea meets the other way like I
can name a lot of things that I really
like but it's far out balanced by things
I have issues with okay so there is one
problem I will identify okay you want to
get into now ah let's do it do you sure
why not
what else we're gonna fuckin talk about
okay and what's that doesn't matter
alright what's matter we're tired my
melon hey guys with super Guardian
spoilers now so I loved it and you
didn't that's where we're at and I
didn't hate it
I just felt pretty mad about it leaning
towards didn't kind of kind of didn't
like it my problem with the first one
whatever whatever whatever other
nitpicks I may have had about the first
one when I once again there were a lot
of things I liked about the first one
well love the characters mostly oh yeah
good great characters um I hated the
third act yeah right so dumb yeah we're
gonna go in there I'm gonna just we're
gonna shoot at him you know I'm gonna
just that's this work it wouldn't it's
just so dumb compared to the the
craziness and fun and adventure that
came before right and of core
not to derail you too much but I really
liked the dumb plan because that was
very in character Peter quill I will
just go in there and shoot Adam I what I
specifically hated was the the
friendship is magic let's all of us
let's all hold hands and be an anti
climactic and ending ending on one hand
the power of friendship yeah but that
you know what the cancer mother thing
where he sees the mother holding out the
hand almost makes that work oh it almost
adds it adds an extra layer to that
ending which is lame okay okay it as
little as little as a little something
to a bad ending okay all right
like he's okay he's finally he's finally
you about to deal with what happened to
his mother okay okay a 12% yeah a 12% of
flat like I I like because if it was
anyone else making the plan it wouldn't
make sense but because it's Peter quill
who is essentially you know a giant
manchild that would be his plan I don't
know we all shoot at it and we crash the
ship and we just work it out man that's
that's so in character of star-lord so
that's why I couldn't I couldn't fault
him for that plan but guardians to
there's a man who who spent his entire
life running from things yeah not not
facing what happened not anymore
those that one thing the ending of
guardians had going for it and of
guardians one the aryans one yeah yeah
yeah I'm with you I like that I like
that yeah Guardian stick guardians to
basically all of my complaints who are
going to boil down at all but the vast
majority of my complaints for guardians
to are going to boil down to the number
one rule of good filmmaking which is
show don't tell
this happened a ton in the first movie
and I just figured that's because they
had a ton of characters to introduce in
a whole new universe to introduce but
now that we're in the second movie and
we're just supposed to deal with
characterization I realize it's just gum
it's just the way in which James Gunn
makes film which is he loves to tell you
stuff instead of showing that I need an
example okay well let's you know what we
can start right at the beginning sure
after they defeat the interdimensional
monster okay they are about to go meet
the golden people yeah and before they
go to meet the golden people Peter has a
little speech about the golden people so
and and if you remember he's like he's
like so rocket we have to make sure we
don't piss off these golden people
because they're really prideful and
though they'll be really vindictive if
we if we speak down to them he gives a
little back story of the golden people
yeah which is literally him telling us
something instead of us just figuring
out that there's vengeful or spiteful
mm-hmm so telling not showing that's
that's no that is a small example well
as we go throughout the film I can give
you many more examples I I noticed no
examples like that that would pull me
out of the film and yeah it just did for
me okay so if so you know we can we can
go on we have we also have like if I'm
gonna is intent was just like a series
of little things that you don't like
it's well it's a series of little things
so basically every single time we get to
a tell don't show moment or kind of a
plot inconsistency that doesn't make a
lot of sense what that does is lessen
the emotional impact and the character
in packs of the movie and so just it's
like I said it's not bad it just turns
it into kind of a weak movie you say it
lessened emotionally I got plenty of
motional impacts out of that movie man
right and and and I didn't like
so let's so if we can take it a little
chronic sure sure for the movie so then
we get to Xena they go away from the
gold people and an ego saves them from
the gold people are me right yeah and
then it's not them discovering that ego
is Peter's father it's ego just gotta
hate on me dad like oh like you know the
characters didn't do anything to discuss
well no he's got a personality
not unlike Peter right right again it
fit again none of these things
individually or specifically make it
it's when you add them all up together
then we have the most egregious tell
don't show which is the entirety of egos
backstory which is literally given to us
via PowerPoint presentation how the fuck
else you get egos backstory oh listen
I'm I'm not saying I have a better idea
I'm saying he gave a monologue about his
backstory with PowerPoint presentations
I want you to do that sure without
expository dialogue maybe and you know
what I thought his backstory was
interesting I was like oh that's neat
I'm not saying it wasn't interesting I'm
saying I don't want I don't want a radio
play when I watch a movie I want to see
stuff happening uh-huh I want my Vista's
now it's not about Vista's so so a
better way to do something like egos
backstory right like one how much
backstory do you need there how or how
much can you dole out a lot it's a weird
concept for most audiences it is a weird
concept so you need a lot so then
instead of the monologue PowerPoint
presentation dump you pepper in his
backstory through later scenes that
maybe the characters can discover
themselves because we have this whole
subplot of like Gomorrah being skeptical
of ego yeah and the planet right what
did Gomorrah do to to figure stuff out
about what was going on wrong with egos
planet I'll agree with you there
there's nothing here we get to my only
real issues movie first one I thought
the third act was extremely weak second
one yeah I think the second act is a
little weak so we don't disagree on much
except for I also think the first act is
weak per second per second work for me
man
yeah I loved it oh yeah um yeah yeah I
you needed to do more with with everyone
on egos planet
lot of lot of attention went to yondu
and rocket and i'm fault them for that
that was all good stuff that was a great
sequence absolutely but they needed to
do something more with ego and Peter
other than throwing the ball around
there needed that
that's deduction there needed they
needed to do something to like start
driving a wedge between him and his
friends rights we need things we needed
that yeah I would have it would have
helped if like Gamora were like doing
some kind of investigation that would
have been nice and then we get all those
scenes of his backstory and you know
maybe some of them are good like oh he
went out and II know he sought new life
in maybe Gamora starts to you know doubt
her suspicions and then we kind of
naturally learn about his back for oh
but that throw the ball thing by the way
so so I didn't hate it I just you need
to do more than that so but here's
here's the thing so one throwing a ball
between a dad no son is already the most
cliched father-son moment ever right but
do you remember when he was talking with
Gamora and in the jungle before he went
to egos planet remind me specifically he
gave a speech about how sad he was that
his dad wasn't around and wanting to
throw the ball around with like he
mentioned specifically wanting to throw
a ball around with his dad because other
kids had dad he gave a monologue about
how sad he was as a kid okay that is
another example of telling the audience
something instead of maybe a flashback a
flashback that could have showed us how
sad he was it was a speech in which it
was a scene in which he gave a speech a
speech with a super cliched moment that
was then shown to us like the cliched
came true right uh-uh
it was the anyway sorry that was just
another example of a tell don't show
mama is III think we have his case is
something bothering you that just didn't
bother me
Oh exactly no and I again I'm not saying
it was a bad movie it had a lot of fun
moments and like you know you know what
moment I really loved a situation in
which gun did it super right yeah so
like mantis is an empathic care yeah
right and she creates this little bond
with Drax which was very funny yeah I
really like their interaction and
there's this one moment where Drax is
remembering his daughter if you remember
he said he's he's sitting with mantis
and he's remembering his daughter and he
never really mentioned like my daughter
is dead and I'm sad he's just sad yeah
and mantis touches him and mantis feels
his sadness and you know nothing's
spoken right and then that's the moment
where mantis finally decides to help
them hmm that's when she turns the
corner right and like there's a lovely
scene of showing the audience what is
happening without having anyone give a
monologue and that just didn't happen a
lot of the movie every every other major
sequence that is a plot twist or turn
someone gives a monologue I I just know
I watched the movie yeah I loved it and
I don't remember that many show not tell
monologues that annoyed me I did not
have that experience so like another
classic example like that the the yondu
rocket that whole them and the Ravagers
was great yeah that was super fun scene
right
but like afterwards yondu and rocket
have a monologue off about rockets
characterization yondu yells at rocket
and and gives a bullet point of all of
his character flaws and why he's doing
that instead of us just figuring that
out for ourselves we get a monologue at
the front with Sylvester Stallone about
why yondu is leaving the Ravagers which
we don't understand at all where did
that even come from right we get a
monologue ego has a monologue about all
his evil plans that ends in and by the
way I killed your mom which was one of
the stupidest lines uttered in a Marvel
movie why would he why would he tell
Peter that why would he T tell Peter
that he doesn't there is no reason for
him to tell Peter that he he's probably
more sure that Peters gonna come to his
side of thinking why would you why would
you not want to be like ego it's in his
name he is ego hahaha Touche knowing
like I like that sequence did have a
little like I think the problem there
was just his overconfidence is ego maybe
of course of course you're gonna help me
you know spread throughout the galaxy ya
know and you know like that scene that
sequence did have a little bit of it
like Peter's being hypnotized to kind of
vibe to it
but that was such a harsh turn you know
where he's like we're gonna we're gonna
take over all the planets with the black
goo and Peter's like alright and I'm
gonna kill everyone and all your friends
okay and I killed your mom what that
he'll turn was was I rolling to me I
thought it was great
oh god what he just he just doesn't say
a word he just fucking starts blowing
ego for holes that was great I couldn't
enjoy because I can't all that was going
on in my head is why did you just
explain your evil plot to the one guy
that can challenge you go
he thought of course he's gonna go along
with me why wouldn't you want to be a
god because he only spent two hours with
him you need more time and come you
don't want he did it was like exactly
like at the end of the movie it's like
if you kill me you're gonna be just like
them why would you want that but there
was that so ego thing but you know what
this was another problem I had with
guardians 1 which was that was a payoff
that didn't have a proper setup like
egos ego wasn't really like he was kind
of egotistical but kind of just
light-hearted and suave it we never got
to see a situation in which his ego got
the best of him in a small manner to set
up that moment that was the big payoff
right that characterization was never
explained
oh listen Ronan the accuser was not a
good villain
I'm with you on that run the accuser was
super weak but so many tell don't our
show moments and and you know I I'm not
saying I'm not saying that like anyone
is wrong for liking the movie it had a
lot of good it had a lot of good parts
to it it had a lot of good character
parts to it it was an interesting
universe but for me all of those tell
don't show moments took me right out of
it every single time and then they were
like a lot of really dumb like one-line
fixes for for setups where like like at
like rocket and yondu they have to they
have that super silly sequence where
they make 700 space jumps and I have the
goofy ideas and they go through the
goofy liaise right and then yeah who's
like what are you doing man that was way
too many jumps and he's like the way you
were talking about ego I knew we had to
get here super fast it's just a silly
scene where they have distorted faces
right but but like it served a purpose
in the movie and it was explained poorly
and that took me out of it and it took
me out of it because I was listening to
too many speeches so I wasn't fully
invested it was the first served
I saw there's just a silly little thing
they did well they haven't they needed
to get to ego yeah look at it they could
have just went there they didn't need to
have the right 700 jump exactly I also
did now I was just a goofy thing so I
didn't care for the 700 that visual
light didn't yeah thing for me no
comically but it didn't ruin the movie
for me either oh no like I said these
are all just little things that kept me
out of the overall movie okay these are
all just low kang's that kept me out of
the overall movie I did maybe I think
it's just James gunz's particular
comedic stylings and I just don't care
for it maybe that's what it is like the
that whole to remember nebulas
back-story speech on the Ravager ship
another monologue backs another
backstory monologue
my father told me apart and and now I
will I will use all of my power to
defeat my sister and my father because
my childhood blah blah and then that was
immediately cut undercut with like a
wiseass comment that's so James Gunn and
I got so sick of it
chap never go see a Shakespearean play
with Jack I probably would never ever do
that why you don't think I would like it
or you don't think they would like it I
just don't Oh cuz the monologue I get I
get it oh so what so uh is what you're
saying I'm saying guardians volume two
is fuckin Shakespearean Jack so what
you're saying is it belongs on a stage
and not a movie I get it no I get it
you're right rich
I agree the visuals weren't that strong
it wasn't good visual story no visuals I
loved the look of the movie I loved the
that's kind of 70s 80s vibe but just
saturated in the visuals were fun no the
visuals were fine but by the way
Shakespeare wrote for the stage he did
not write in a visual medium if you want
to like if that's your oh yeah you're
right you're right this was a really
good stage play
you idiots what are you doing what are
you doing I am I am fine to a disagreed
to disagree on all this guy I enjoyed it
a lot more than the first one oh yeah I
see an idea I kind of want to see it
again yeah and I don't often go to see a
movie in the theater twice I'm tempted
to see this again really yeah I just
didn't do it for me like the first one
at least had some fresh new characters
and some fresh new scientists all love
mantis no and the Mantis and Drax thing
was really fun and I would argue that
guardians to termed yondu into a whole
new character this movie took two
villains and made me look at them in an
entirely new light nebula and yondu
another here's another good thing about
the movie yeah I see people in Chad
saying I think Jack's digging his heels
a little too hard into these minor
nitpicks but there were so many minor
things that I could never get fully
invested into the movie and so I'm just
trying to explain all of my minor in
epics here's something I actually really
enjoyed the nebula Gamora thing that was
that was again another visual
storytelling done very correctly except
for of course the nebula model but you
know that that thing where nebula
crashes onto egos planet and just starts
violently ramming the spaceship through
the cave because she's you know because
she has that anger and even like you
know even after she's failed because her
anger gomorrah's still the good one she
still saves her and after she saves her
nebula has Gamora finally and she
doesn't know what to do with herself
that was beautiful that was beautiful
moment and that's what started the
nebula okay fine I guess I'll help you
that you know that's what that's what
changed the situation a we get to see a
visual representation of a character's
point of view changing and that's the
good thing okay this is something I've
not seen anybody else point out yeah I'm
like I'd like to talk about how
brilliant Karen can be hmm she noticed
something that I just totally did not
notice I'm curious if anybody else did
yeah when we got out of the theater
Karen was talking about how ego was
cancer is sure is it'll plan yeah to
spread throughout the galaxy he's no
cancer your body thinks cancer is your
friend
well when cancer starts off it's just
another cell in your body cellular
growth right and then it's selfishly
just spreads and spreads and all kids
are cares about is spreading and until
everything else is dead yeah like that
ego just doesn't care about anything
else he selfishly wants to spread
himself yeah throughout the entire
fucking universe so at the end of that
movie
ego didn't just give his mother cancer
Peter quill is literally beating the
shit out of the cancer that killed his
mother that's innate that's a good take
by the way that's a really good take
that's a really good take I wish I cared
about any of it at the end of it I cared
a great deal when they when they started
playing Fleetwood Mac at the end the
chain yeah I was so pumped I was so into
it oh I just wasn't
I just wasn't like you know if you look
at the other part of that ending it's
kind of there's there's this whole like
biological father versus stepfather
thing that's happening with yondu and
ego right none of it was set up properly
but we get to this end where we're you
know like from from a protagonists
standpoint how that should have ended is
Peter choosing the father who cared for
him over the father that birthed him hmm
but we don't get that I got that enough
from his advice that kind of taught
Peter how to properly use the power of n
I don't fly the arrows with my head that
whole thing I that's what I got out of
that but at that point Peter was already
fighting ego like that should have been
the character turn is is a yondu versus
ego situation in which Peter has to
literally choose between his biological
father and his and his adopted adoptive
father right and then like that whole
thing about yondu and stealing the kids
and like all of that was to me was
ham-fisted into the scripts
I thought none of it played well and I
can see everyone I can see everyone in
the chat disagreeing with me and by the
way
by the way I am NOT saying it is a bad
movie I am saying that I couldn't get
into it because of all of these little
minor things oh wait I see someone
agrees with me
all right that's great I it's not that I
want formulaic filmmaking I want a
visual filmmaker I want someone to tell
the stories through the actions and
visuals they say they say that a you
know this is this is like like Stan Stan
Lee's nuff said issues a good comic book
you don't need any words that's just
bonus I would put Stan Lee completely
had a fucking job considering that his
artist the Marvel method right his
artist for the ones writing that shit
exhibit gen Lee would just come along
later and put fuckin worms in there that
was literally his job right right but
later you know he also assured those
guys a little bit but maybe right in you
know Jayco got plot credit plot credit
on the amazing spider-man oh yeah
because he was effectively writing the
book then Stan Lee and I'm assuming this
person saying something like this well
you know what some words are nice but
this is what I'm saying
Jack wins a new prize you know I just
like it like I said it's to me they were
they're a bunch of really small moments
and I wasn't really into the humor so it
didn't gel for me right
it just didn't gel for me not a bad
movie but I had it's fun like so many
nitpick so I was like add anyone can
live whatever anyone wants like I don't
give exactly existing that I love that
movie and I can I want to see it again
like that you know
I'm slightly surprised but I understand
that because I know we came out of you
the first guardians feeling pretty
similarly about it which is like yeah
yeah yeah we mad about him um
yeah you like this you like this pale
pale white meat here we'll get through
this we'll get through this tree here Oh
Jack didn't like the humor that explains
everything he's entitled to his opinion
even though he is so so wrong you know I
don't I'd here's here's what like some
of the humor played really well like
some of it was really fun I every time
that there were every time there was a
swelling emotional moment undercut by a
wiseass comment you could see it coming
a mile away and so I you can't to me I
couldn't get into any of the emotional
moments that's guardians that's good
right and that's his style and so what
I'm saying is like that means I can't
get into the emotional moment because I
know that a joke is coming and I know
that the joke is coming so I don't laugh
at the joke yeah so what what does rich
think of the scenes with the sovereign I
I don't have anything particularly
insightful to say other than I like the
sovereign I like the concept I I like
that they're uh they're uh Starfleet was
effectively like an arcade yeah those
nice cute like everyone just gathered
around the one that's left yeah that was
a really fun scene I agree which you
know this movie wants it to be the 80s
like 80s arcade you know Gavin round
looking at the guy getting the high
score and that's very deliberate yeah I
just thought it was neat yeah that was
neat that was need no and I I mean just
that that whole sequence was really fun
the the whole like the whole Drax like
just jumping out of the ship to use a
handgun to shoot this ship down that was
hilarious that was great
yeah and that was really fun where'd
somebody mentioned that they think Drax
has a death wish I think he thought it
wants to be with his family I think he
said that explicitly in the first one
did he know we I don't they think he
said he wanted to die they did you want
it want a revenge well it wasn't about
it's not about dying for him he does not
fear death sure I think that was it in
the first and the speculation is that
could be because he wants to be dead
oh sure well you know what maybe we
could get a more Drax focused movie yeah
and I can't wait I'm all on board for
volume 3 at this point and like there
there's a bunch of like there's a bunch
of like little stuff like I said a bunch
of little stuff like like for example in
in that first sequence when they're
going through the asteroid field we
start to set up some of the conflicts
that will hopefully be resolved through
the movies right yeah one of those
conflicts is the team not working well
together we can only assume this takes
place relatively soon after the first
movie and Peter and rocket have their
little disagreement right about who's
going to fly the ship and that causes
them to crash personal conflict causes
something bad to happen hopefully that
will be resolved through the movie mmm
it doesn't really like nothing ever
really comes from that like they never
they never do anything to resolve the
tension I'll agree that that little bit
didn't really go other unless want a
friend that it's just raccoon being
jerked people and shoving people away
they're trying to illustrate that right
sure and so the commercial speech
afterwards does undercut it if that was
the angle they were taking I don't know
like I don't know and so it's like but
then it's like so then the raccoon
turned into less of a jerk because he
got a speech form on do like they didn't
you know they didn't do anything to
resolve it is it was was the oh that's
why he repeated it
go to the giant route near the lake up
north okay I need to go to the giant
route to the lake up north
did have a real path yeah and you know
I'm sure there's morgues as we talk more
and more about gardens too there's
there's just a ton of little minor paths
with the rocket story at the funeral
scene in the end
yondu was like him but even though even
though yondu thought he had driven his
friends away well he really didn't hope
hope this is a little doesn't mightor
payoff to that now there was and all I
was thinking of during that during that
was like so he gets kicked out of the
ravaged yondu gets kicked out of the
Ravagers yeah for for stealing children
yes and the Ravinder and the Revengers
said get out of here you're still chill
we don't find that out so later even
though that happened that happened at
the beginning and I was really confused
as to why he was getting kicked out of
the Ravagers but at the end we figure
out that it's cause he's still chilling
they said that line during the beginning
met him you might have missed it but
they he sold children who's up like that
oh sure sure but like I didn't
understand like because again obviously
selling children was against the rules I
get that but we were hopping in the
middle of a conversation without proper
setup like what wait he stole Chino we
know he did that with Peter quill in the
first one right I'm just saying like oh
is this just about star-lord or what is
that was 100 percent set up ahead of
time oh no no he came out of nowhere
they came from the first movie he stole
one kid he gets kicked out for stealing
one kid who ended up saving the galaxy
you're welcome right so okay so he gets
kicked out for stealing children right
Oh
and then at the end he he helps defeat
ego saving a lot of planets in the
galaxy and and so they like he they told
the Ravagers this right and they we
assume like that's why the Ravagers came
to give him the special funeral like hey
he helped save the galaxy yeah but like
the Ravagers trust them like why would
we believe you assholes he saw to stick
up for you like like just the whole
Ravagers organizations trust of Raccoon
to like to be like Oh
you're right and he's a good guy let's
give him the full-on funeral it was more
like even though he was ostracized they
still cared about him this is what I
took away from that yeah there's gonna
be a funeral form no matter what we
needed we needed like one more side kick
out of that one more scene in there in
which maybe the Ravagers were I don't
know
no are they gonna explain something
through dialogue you're gonna complain
because they explained it through
dialogue when they show up and actually
do something visually you're upset set
up and pay off rich set up and
motherfucking pay off you set up with
dialogue you set up an analog in the
first with action like like they did in
the movie you set up a dialogue in the
first five minutes of the movie and it
doesn't pay off until the last two
seconds how about you usually we have
like oh I don't know a reminder here and
there that no that's sloppy that's
sloppy
they had one line in the first five
minutes of the movie and we're Dan again
never mind I guess he was alright we got
nothing else between us so you hate
ghostbusters for what don't cross the
streams
that was literally set up with a line
that happened in the early you know
somewhere in the first act that was a
callback that is different okay okay
that was not a payoff moment that was a
callback Oh Oh Jack trigger choice thank
you
Jack trigger oh oh oh rich yeah let's
take a little moment let's take a little
moment and talk about the power of music
a movie right yeah music can help
elevate a scene don't you think like
like it if it's about just tone of the
music or maybe the lyrics of a song can
help can help take a normal scene...
The chain.
Huh?
The chain. That's one of my, that's, like,
one of my favorite scenes ever and like
anything now the end of that movie
brandy can we talk about brandy okay so
the song brandy you know brandy your
fine girl what a good wife you'd be but
my life my love my ladies to see right
it's just a song about someone who's
who's in
more with their work than the lady yeah
he goes using that to justify his
actions right and then instead of just
letting the song play and letting the
song speak for I won't have got it ego
literally takes it lyric by lyric to
help explain why the song is important
theming for the story that's some
kindergarten level shit don't you think
you know what I would I would have
completely missed it you might I would
have completely missed it but you know
what you might've watched it a second
time and go oh debris anything what a
clever thing instead they just shove it
right down your throat so when Peter
asked you know why'd you leave my mom
egos just gonna like turn that song on
and walk out of the room or you just
have that song playing while ego talks
about other stuff and it could be it
could be another level in the scene
instead of instead of having ligo ego
just say the lyrics over and over hold
on son I think this is another song on
here ah here you go oh wait have to
fast-forward I haven't used a cassette
in a while I gotta go attend to the
guard just just listen to the song or he
could have been talking about other
stuff while that song played in the
background you know just normal stuff
just all bothers him show don't song
right can't get it
oh I like that Starkiller 1680 I don't
know why I left her mom bye Brandi plays
well you know like that by the way that
time could have been could have been
giving us more set up on his plan right
that could have been him like kind of
going through the nuts and bolts of his
plan and why he wanted to explain that
that's involves plan let's see why what
I'm saying we could pull double duty
here right yeah oh wow maybe we get some
nuts and bolts of his plan the song
plays and we are meant to infer that you
know oh he's you know he's too tied to
his purpose and his work so you want to
get rid of the emotional stuff of the
mother and replace it with some
expository dialogue based on the plot
the emotional stuff will still be there
with the song I'm a big announcement I
know you're being an asshole and you
know what all right I'm sorry I don't
mind because I don't mind because like I
know I'm right here and again I don't
hate the movie they did a lot of little
things that were nitpicky and took me
out of the movie which is why over I was
like I just didn't care for it I just
didn't care for it no there's no way to
re-edit guardians to get around all this
stuff
there's no way to re-edit it there there
was just like you just need to take out
so much fucking dialogue talk about the
Watchers and Adam warlock the Watchers
or in the movie and Adam warlock was
mentioned they had very little impact on
the movie itself and I don't know who
Adam warlock is
he was the guy in the tube at the end
right they were there go marvel universe
Marvel Universe's has expanded Marvel
Universe okay so none of this has any
real relevance to the film and why the
feel good
what's it we'll talk we'll talk about
we'll talk about Adam warlock during one
of the credits scenes they showed a tube
and they said there's a guy that named
Adam that's it that's that's it and
that's it and there's a guy named Adam
in there okay they sure are going to be
more Marvel movies yep didn't expect
that there's a tube we got a tube don't
worry don't worry we got that tube what
who was Adam Adam warlock is relevant
because he is Thanos's primary foe his
primary opponent oh okay he plays a
fairly big role in the Infinity Gauntlet
that was shit the guys are back right
I remember how Zelda works okay
get hear talk about the Stanley csq fine
yeah this is cute it was cute it was fun
it was funny that he mentioned like it
was basically a meta scene where he was
like and then one time I was a FedEx
driver
same-same San Lee say Lee we've seen it
all of these movies yeah that's funny
thanks thanks to his involvement with
the Watchers possibly even the ones that
don't take place in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
they've all been the same guy exactly
it's cute that was a cute scene
yeah I was a fine scene that was a fine
cute scene done seems like a better fit
for the final story than the Russo
brothers I agree 100% at this point I
think vanish should just remain a
guardians of the galaxy villain or
character well yea cuz then he can give
in a really nice speech it's a better
fit than the Avengers well you can only
assume the Guardians will be there yeah
here's the problem that though
everyone's gonna be there are so many
characters at this point it's just gonna
be a clusterfuck infinity war is going
to be a clusterfuck of what they would
need to do if they did it right was just
essentially half Thanos be the
protagonist the protagonist yeah well I
guess you could do that you focus on a
little story I know him being God wooing
death and that's still not being
interested nothing nothing he does all
this godlike powers can can make
mistress death love him and he has the
power to change her mind he could just
will it but he actually does love
mistress death and he doesn't want to
alter there's a good story there yeah
that's why I like Thanos I like the
Infinity Gauntlet and it doesn't have
anything to do with a bunch of people in
tights running around trying to stop him
but they're not gonna do that with the
infinity war because they want the
spectacle raava can't show up and
everything blows up oh yeah
got to have things blow up rich gotta
have things blow up
who dat all right
all right
wherever the guy running marvel is he
said that Thanos is basically the
protagonist Finiti war okay so maybe
they will do it right I will be
delighted
okay they do that ryankevin FEI jie is a
super fan rich it's possible it's fought
you know cuz we're gonna meet death in
Thor Ragnarok right that's her that's
who that's that's who the villain is and
Thor oh hey who is that really hella
hella right Helen
Oh like I think that's somewhat
different is that yeah I don't know I'm
not a hundred percent sure I'm not that
familiar with Thor comics but I know
mistress death is never called the hell
I anything
she's just misters death she just wears
a robe she doesn't have a fancy
headdress she's not throwing with the
horns on her head oh uh Jack what do you
think hello we'll probably be the death
of MCU that's what I thought I read is
that hell I was going to be the mistress
death so so they're gonna set her up
she's a death hell a hybrid is what chad
is saying okay okay then she's actively
blatantly villainous which shouldn't be
right well we don't know we don't know
what she's doing it for okay okay she's
just dead if she's just death she's just
doing a job rich she's doing a thing
get off me fucking jellies ah classic
classic top-down Zelda combat right here
rich yeah as I do so I do it's great
it's great what
that's probably I'm gonna I wonder I
don't want to split up the tips where I
start reading them from the top and work
down she's gonna be a mess where I miss
a lot of things so after I get through a
number these were probably to suddenly
start getting a lot of Guardians
questions sure there's gonna be a
Guardians Lolo because I'm gonna go back
to regular tips okay do it 'banahna says
Jack I Jack stop trigger triggering us
with your bullshit and don't you dare by
the Chinese version of that cable you
will buy the moral American version of
the K by the way there is no Chinese
version of that cable I looked because I
would have bought the cheaper Chinese
version there is not apparently like
it's really specialized hardware that
upscales know so I will be I will be
morally upstanding if I can find it you
know for under a hundred fucking dollars
which I won't be able to so it just
doesn't matter
can I get that hand up Go Daddy get back
get back
kamilly guck says today I got my Toshiba
new on DVD player with Merlin kart
racing and freefall 3050 ad what an
obscure council from 1999 with eight
games does anyone have an emulator for
this thing can't I find a controller oh
sorry
well she look anything okay
that's funny
Namah says yeah so if Jack finds a rare
reel of film and the only way he could
watch it would be to convert it to
digital would that be morally grave also
I now want a Jack and his family reality
TV show yep be good because my wife
would be upset if I spend every hundred
dollars at $300 on a cable for the
Gamecube that's ever that's every family
though like anyone I would be upset she
spent $300 on I don't know shoes now
what a women by I don't know uh I didn't
say that
what was it if they're comfortable shoes
I probably wouldn't mind what was the
first part of that question um so if you
found a rare reel of film the only way
you could watch it would be to convert
it to a do to a digital would that be
morally great well if I found it I owned
it ya know there's you own you owned
your GameCube disc though and you
wouldn't play those an emulator in both
oh so we own the real will you own the
real film yeah and you own the DVD sure
well those are those are slightly
different circumstances yeah they are
those slightly different circumstances
because they film canister can be played
off of many different things right
there's no proprietary film reel unless
we're talking about something like the
same things true of the emulator because
they're not using the patented chips and
whatnot they use this machine yeah like
I said the emulator is 100% legal it's
just a different way to watch it you
don't way to play it in the emulators
case sorry I I just I probably have to
look into it that's that's a pretty
ambiguous like the question ah
figure it out rich and push thing that
question doesn't line up perfectly but
yeah I guess the answer is maybe
okay the answer is maybe like what white
well like I guess why am I not watching
it out of like a reel-to-reel like I
just read that I just read the tip so
you would go out of your way to find an
old reel-to-reel well by the way no
matter what I would no matter what I
would need a reel-to-reel to digitize it
okay okay yeah I will digitizing it I
would need a reel-to-reel anyway so then
why not just watch it like on a
reel-to-reel with the screen so I got a
gaseous seed planted in a patch of soft
soil
okay you have a gaseous seen everywhere
planted in a patch of soil but Floss 21
huh says Richland flaws as someone who
never played vanquish what makes it
better than an average third-person
shooter rocket boots ha ha ha ha I've
had of rocket boots
unlike most third-person shooters that
you don't want to hide behind cover and
you could but you have rocket boots and
the there's an emphasis on movement and
and navigating around on being
aggressive and attacking rather than
staying back and taking potshots
Vanquish wants you to use your rocket
boots to go behind enemy cover rather
than to take cover while the enemy
shoots at you that's that's the key
difference so speed rocket boots and
aggression so instead of emphasizing
covering and popping up and shooting and
covering pop I'm shooting it emphasizes
movement and being it wants you to be
the badass you want you to be the badass
definitely watch to be the badass
good one small balls is just check puck
just check box office mojo saw King
Arthur made 45 million dollars oh yeah I
heard it bombed too bad those dip ships
spent 175 million making the movie did
no one tell them about Lone Ranger and
Ben Hur well you know someone's trying
to break the comic book superhero
stranglehold King Arthur yeah I mean
let's not it's not a superhero it's a
legendary fairy tale night soon I
wouldn't I wouldn't necessarily consider
that a comic book movie okay
no I'm somebody's trying to break that
stop the the comic book movie
stranglehold oh by making another I just
making something I'm sorry sorry I'm
spending a lot of money on I thought I
thought you're calling King Arthur comic
no I was like rip saying it's not a
comic book movie gotcha and you know
what getting credit for that we're
spending a hundred and seventy-five
million dollars in something that isn't
Marvel or DC oh yeah and I heard there
were just so many problems with that
movie just as a movie so well you can
tell them I'm looking at the trailer but
I'm sorry that's the case
genna's I'm sure something I'm supposed
to do I just don't quite know oh here we
go
I don't think I've been in here before
what did Arthur do that that that makes
his story so compelling he's famous for
pulling a sword out of a stone
and like dying what did he what'd he do
did you read significant did you ever
read the once and future king I did not
I'm not I'm Billie I'm only for the
record yeah I'm only vaguely familiar
and I'm not trying to criticize
I'm literally asking what the big deal
is sure well yeah it's it's it's bait
it's basically Luke like he was destined
for greatness he goes on a training
montage and he's great so he he United
England okay okay I did not know that I
did not know that so yeah it was it's
like he's not Rocky he's not he's not an
underdog yeah I like it sir some like
some big dragon that he's supposedly
slayed or something
hey he was king I know he's a king but
why is we don't why was his I just
didn't know why he was significant yeah
I have bombs maybe I was supposed to use
them over here ah bets cup cup cup Cup
my roms is rich I wanted to thank you
for selling me on Farscape
halfway through the first season and
really loving the characters and
scenarios but seeing it reminds me that
you need to watch Firefly ah I know I
know I need to watch Firefly and
honestly and all honestly the only
reason I have it is I just don't want my
heart broken it's worth it it's worth it
yeah all right all right there's some
fine television in there get your heart
broken that's literally the only reason
I haven't watched it
shit oh fuck
I'm saying go left go left yes
you
or dye whatever yeah la I'm figuring it
out maybe and we're talking about
guardians earlier
yeah let's tell you this talk more about
guardians no no no just brief louder if
you're fan of guardians me Farscape is
essentially guardians of the galaxy the
TV series which would explain why Jack
does not like guardians of the game oh
that's real that's really true by the
way my tastes are pretty consistent cuz
I also didn't much care for parts you
know in a lot of ways it did guardians
before Guardian did guardians only only
Aaronson and john crichton have better
romantic chemistry than Gamora and peter
guelph
right there was that was another night
not that I hate what they're doing with
them but then well and it's like that
was that was another thing that kind of
went nowhere that was another little
plot point where it's just like and I
get like I guess it moved it moved an
inch but in any I know everyone's gonna
be like but do you want this to be
normal you know like every other movie
but it's like Peters like hey mama let's
get it on and she's like nope and he's
like you want to get it on and she's
like no I don't and then at the end she
was like well maybe what you know that
was it
that's what we get on chat I did not
notice Ben Browder and Guardians spend
broader plays John Crichton and Farscape
supposedly he has cameo and Guardians I
must have just completely freaking
missed it oh really yeah who the heck
was he
he was the gold general alright next
time I will pay more attention to that
he was the gold dinner oh well that's
fun okay okay I will know what to look
for next time I obviously I just
completely missed it
oh that's fun that's fun but yeah that
wasn't that was another thing that whole
that whole like I love you Gomorrah
subplot shit didn't go anywhere didn't
do anything I think I think the romance
aspects are handled better in Farscape
alright guys I went left and there ain't
nothing here oh wait I think I have a
map haha you know guys I have a map that
is great
Hey okay where's two rooms over I got to
go up not this one not this one it's fun
next one
dis tur says sister have you guys heard
of Zelda classic it was a PC remake
classic 2d Zelda designed to be easily
modded there are tons of custom games
for it don't play it now though
wandering souls should be Dex I have
heard about it I've never even seen it
though anywhere like I don't even know
what it looks like but I I did hear
about it ages ago ah there it is look at
that
classic crack in the wall rich I haven't
heard about that I have heard about the
the guy who was remaking now go left
but I found it people don't worry I'm
just reading the things I found him oh
shit
I I heard about the guy who was doing a
breath of the wild imagining of the
original Zelda so it fuck
it'd be like breath of the something
different though what that that dryer
right that's what I'm saying that's
something different but uh he's doing
breath of the wild mechanics with a
classic Zelda top-down 2d thing he did
get a takedown notice and so instead of
cat demon that's why you work on
something like that quietly until it's
done
well I instead he is doing the smart
thing which is just making an original
game with original care
okay okay
but he got all the he got all the press
for making the Zelda game and now he can
make his own thing so no the smart thing
okay is to use the pre-existing
characters get a bunch of press and then
when Nintendo tells you no make your own
thing so Fifty Shades of Grey
haha yes which started as Twilight
erotic fan fiction if I know my Fifty
Shades ah yeah town oh they're gonna
kill me
yep shit MLG free man says I friggin
love fallout what are your thoughts in
the series which is your fave PS love
you guys and everything you do keep up
the good work never never played fallout
what yeah bleep I did Black Jack uh back
in the day I tried playing a little bit
of what was it three I was alone I came
up not most recent but the one before
the most recent the one before New Vegas
okay I tried playing it and didn't much
get into it I didn't like the whole the
whole bullet time not bullet time thing
i I didn't I just could never figure out
the whole shooting mechanic because it
was a little turn-based and a little not
turn-based and I I could never wrap my
head around it and I didn't care about
the world enough to learn it so okay
which is probably not the answer you're
looking for because now I'm fine so it's
like I just never cared I never cared
about fallout I know I know people who
dedicate their life to fallout like
especially the new one with all of like
the town management shit you can do in
the new Fallout like that's it 800,000
people hate the new him I didn't think
of what over well I'd honestly just
don't know
goddammit I hate these things
okay nonnamous s hey rich I should
friend the Bladerunner 2049 trailer then
your audition then the trailer again
I've never seen her laugh so hard she
said you broke Ryan Gosling for her
good job nice rich congratulations
come here fairy come here god damn it
you should write up to go around and get
her no cuz there's more spiky things
fucking hell fucking hell
and then I got fish you give this game a
try it's cute
cuz I've never I've never really been a
handheld person right handhelds I've
never played these oh I never played the
Minish Cap finish gap is cute just cute
is it good it's just cute I like it yeah
like it's cute like this is cute they're
cute yeah ah yeah I like them I like
them both they're they're more
reminiscent of classic Zelda which is
like simple combat and focus on puzzles
and 2d exactly if I know you're a big
fan of links to the past yeah I love
like if you love Link to the Past the
handhelds are where it's at I would
imagine I'd usually don't even have a
hand exactly yeah yeah I'm with you
oh look oh look at this
classic it's like I'm playing The
Binding of Isaac up in here or it's like
you're playing this Elda game I know
that was the joke okay okay I will have
20 ember seeds
oh we need those I know where I can use
those I don't do oh shit bomp I picked
up a bomb on accident you know what I
started a link between worlds on 3ds and
never finish it and I have no good
reason why I've never finished because I
remember you said you loved it I was
having a really good time playing it
something else just came up
I'm sure well you know we have to play a
game and then it's like well there's 60
hours into playing a game right I'm
willing to pay it play it but I've had
to pride 3d ass out of Karen's cold dead
hand
I didn't I know what is she she's a
simple animal trusting cest with Animal
Crossing she wants to show up next
stream she wants to play Animal Crossing
if she wants to play animal cross but
she wants to show up and hang out oh
yeah it's been a while she's off on a
Thursday which means she can hang out
Wednesday night uncle that would be
great
she can tell us all about animal growth
she talks all about an impressing yes no
I know what to do now now see right over
I see over here are these two things
that need to be lit up oh shit
yeah it was originally my 30s we bought
it because we're going to talk about the
ocarina we're talking talk about ocarina
and we said oh you know we can play we
can play ocarina yeah and and you know
that's an excuse to get you yeah I have
a 3d I was my 3d yes yeah my threa now
it's got like like cute fox stickers on
it and all flowers because I got
stickers on my 3ds oh I'm so sorry rich
oh she is she is she is uh taking it
over
hey are we bears okay so now this nope
nope there we go
and don't and non-sensitive axes I rich
oh hi both hi both rich did you read any
more of the magic 2.0 books off to the
wizard is book one and if so did you
enjoy before just came out thanks both
for book Rex before great stream I
haven't read the third to the fourth I
read the second one and I really liked
it
I haven't got around to reading the
third in the fourth but I like the
second one a lot is Karen a farid no she
just really loves dogs anytime she sees
a dog the world just stops and she goes
over oh I'm so sorry she could be in the
middle of talking to somebody about like
a kidney transplant that she needs
eyeballing your kidney a dog somebody
can walk by with a dog I mean are you
doing on like a hair needs the kidney
Karen needs a kidney and she almost has
someone convinced to give her a kidney
uh she's very much Dodd personal I'm so
Cyrus
sorry Chen says adding fuel to the fire
yeah it's explicitly stated in Wind
Waker and Twilight Princess where they
are yes
the rest is shoehorned and BS but those
two games are pretty solid yeah that's
true in Wind Waker specifically mentions
the hero of time okay so yeah okay
that was better Han do we need eight
timelines no we need to elaborate on
these things no we do not oh fuck oh oh
the creepy hands I always hated those
hands oh no we don't need the eight
timelines in fact like the fact that
there are three different timelines
in and of itself invalidates all the
timelines but nothing matters right The
Legend of Zelda Legend of Zelda it
doesn't need to be the same story retold
it could be like our three in myths
where there's more than one King Arthur
adventurer in story right but there's
some details that don't always add up
like Excalibur Jack yeah was ecstasy
Excalibur the syrup he pulled out of the
stone or was Excalibur handed to him by
a lady in the lake and you know what's
better for Arthurian legend is it a myth
why love the truth we all could be
either or you know you mix and match
show we don't really know it adds to the
mystery or well there's timeline a where
he receives the sword from the stone but
there was a split in the timeline
earlier and in that timeline he got the
sword from the lake which one is more
evocative of a fantasy and adventure in
myth that's my point I'm with it that's
the point I'm with you rich I can be
with you
doo-doo-doo doo boop boop
all right I'm full of hearts we got a
boss here rich we ready mm-hmm
let's do this oh my goodness look at his
cute little unicorn dragon ah I got a
bomb him like I know there's one
Arthurian story were there's two
different stories they're effectively
the same story only one version it's
sort of Lancelot and the other versions
one of the other nights like Galahad but
it's a debate it's the same freakin
story like almost exactly myth and
legend myth and legend not alternate
timelines myth and legend we don't know
times man who's telling the story who
mm-hmm there we go I figured it out I
figured it out got to hit him in the
horn hit him in the unicorn horn shoots
up he shoots up by the way shit I'm
gonna die
oh diamond okay that's alright we
figured it out we figure it out that's
what we use
we figured it out use the sword on the
horn and chat I know about this I read a
little Bob about three and legend recent
legacy because of zelda and timelines
and well i don't you know real myths and
legends and all this kind of continuity
type stuff so I looked into it a very
little bit well I'm definitely not
saying I'm an expert because like I said
I'd even know what the big deal like
what do you do that was important so
somebody's saying fun fact about
Excalibur okay the scabbard was actually
way more powerful and useful than the
sword the scabbard a scabbard if you
have the scabbard
you cannot bleed to death you'll get
wounded but you will not bleed the sword
is just unbreakable or at least very
hard to break oh that's neat but it's
actually the scabbard that is magic I'm
gonna ask him maybe a dumb question the
scabbard is the thing you put the sword
in that's not a sheath
I think that's just a different name for
the same thing I don't know what they're
both thing to put the sword in if
there's a technical difference that's
between a scabbard and a sheath I don't
know I'm actually kind of curious what
the technical difference between a
scabbard and a sheath is or even is
there one right there saying either-or
jack failure my I'll feel my there's
there's bushes there's bushes by the I
made a mistake of not fighting the hands
I thought I could rush to the boss but I
gotta fight the hand sheath is generally
for knives scabbard is for swords oh
that's okay that's good to know
technical different differences got your
number hands get out of here
sheathing is an action someone is saying
to sheath something so you would she fit
in your scabbard I'll fuck you hand them
that mace for my son son of them um
scabbard is just a subcategory of shoes
were getting a lot of conflicting
animation chat and what I guess what I
was hoping chat is for someone to look
it up not massage yeah since you like
the Zelda's I do like this out this do
you know a laundry room decent ps1 era
Zelda knockoff when you go into
nightmares to beat them up some bosses
look kind of blood-borne eg the soul
each boss body my horror I have never
heard of it it's a ps1 game ps1 era but
in essence a ps1 game this ap is one
arab al under 'm al un dr a jack is
writing that down
write that down that sounds interesting
say Siri jens's I forgot
have you played minish cap at least on
the Wii U eShop you can use your capture
card pretty good too apparently and
feels like a proper sequel to Link to
the Past gameplay wise yeah I have not I
should yeah no and I actually I actually
still I found that when when I was
busting out all my old Zelda's I didn't
have all those else's what when I found
when I found Wind Waker minish cap my
GBA minish camp from when it first came
out was still there so I still have
minish cap ok oh my save file with all
those hearts I was nice to see all those
hearts rich mokey be 85 ok
my two cents sure will not tell how
we're getting into the Guardians
questions great no no this is good this
is good rich show not tell is great
stronger filmmaking when use correctly
the downside how would Peter know the
backstory of ego without being told he
can't see the flashback like week
ego is a God you could you can write him
to see the flashback or like I said like
we talked about her to get around that a
lot of times like somebody'll start
telling the story and then you the wavy
show do-do-do-do-do which would also fit
into the kind of the stylistic theme but
but also as we were saying perhaps the
the these back story could be peppered
throughout when they were kind of
searching for truth how do you film a
disembodied floating brain who just how
do you how do you visually illustrate
well I want to see if there's more life
in the universe because hypothetically
there should be life somewhere it's just
a brain floating there how do you
demonstrate this that that's a really
good question that is a really good
question and you know what I'm not a
filmmaker I'm not James Gunn I don't
have the answers to that class times
people need to talk the show don't tell
isn't saying no dialogue ever it's
saying use it sparingly sparing and Lily
I come here I got you I got your number
now Dino Dino well what'd you do
something different now uh-huh fuck some
blue guy in chances weirdly enough I
also didn't like Gio - guardians of the
galaxy - ah as much as one but for a
different reason
Oh most of the jokes just didn't land
for me they were either overly juvenile
or completely incongruous to the scene
that's that's gun style my gun loves to
under undercut his big emotion and like
to me that that all felt like fuck that
all felt very like disingenuous it was
almost as if he was making fun of the
movie that he was making it's like it's
like dude just make the movie oh no now
you're doing it you dick in these
characters do jokes I'm fine with it
I found the obvious as a matter of
opinion I can't say you were wrong to
not find them funny they didn't land for
you they they landed for me
is right we you know work differently
for us it's okay that people have
different opinions yeah absolutely
I was I was laughing at them jokes some
of them some of them I really were I
loved I mean that basically the whole
taser face section was wonderful even
even though I hate I didn't laugh at
that so much here here's here's what I
hate I hate Rockets over exaggerated
fake laugh he does it all the time
Bradley Cooper does the voice of rocket
okay every time a rocket does his like
big belly laughs I hate it well it
wasn't a genuine laugh from the
character though it was fucking with
taser face that's just how he always
seems to laugh and I had always hated
butt but I like I didn't feel like
Rockets performance made me laugh but
just the idea of taser face I loved I
loved that whole taser face thing

[Part II]
oh look at this thing what am I gonna
get I'm gonna get a leaf rich you got
the fertile soil the tears or frays
thing was amusing but that did not get
an audible laugh out of me listen to me
girls music see there's an amazing scene
absolutely
the the scene that crabby puppy is so
cute I just want to die that line from
anta's that cracked me up it wasn't even
a joke it was just an adorably delivered
line yeah that was fun man you know what
mantis was good yeah the scene that I
was smiling at more than any was the
Rocket yondu murder everyone seeing Jack
that that wasn't a joke huh that was
just a beautiful scene everybody gets
more that's what I'm saying that was you
know what that was a beautiful character
moment it's just rocket yondu murdering
everyone and I loved it I loved that the
whole Ravager sequence was fantastic
it's metaphorical yeah that's great
you hated mantis oh no mantis was great
I just wanna see more and more mantis
more yeah mantis was great
basically mantis was the Drax of this
movie Drax was really great in the first
movie with his like offbeat humor but
now like Drax is obviously just learned
to temper that so mantis was the Drax of
this movie learn to temper that like in
the first one Drax is literalism I was
really easy sighs he seems like he's
understanding metaphors a bit better
exactly I love I love though that he
isn't dumb he's just brutally honest to
a fault oh yeah yeah but like that
wasn't as noted as it was in the first
one even though like that whole the
whole Drax and ego stuff like Drax
asking you if he has a penis that was
hilarious what are you talking about
my father regaled us with tales of
impregnating my mother wow that's fun
stuff you know that's you know that is
rich a little bit of dialogue that goes
a lot way to explain a character just a
little bit of dialogue and you and you
know something a little bit more about
Drax right hook the Mako tree some of
the fertile soil has come to me I
already feel stronger Oh in my dreams I
saw the temple of seasons the joke about
the tape was the dumbest thing ah man
the tape it was fine joke the middle of
vowel everyone stop stopping to look for
tape to put tape over the button yeah so
Bru doesn't hit the wrong button that
was amusing yeah I was fine it was fine
it was it was a little too reminiscent
the funniest thing in the movie but it
was amusing
it was a little too reminiscent of the
gag that they used in the beginning of
the movie where also people were
fighting in the background and groupies
doing stuff with the and so like to me
it was like oh they already did this
joke so but you know what that was a
really cute sequence just just Peter
asking it what did you ask nebula she
was there when I asked yondu Maya it's
funny yeah that's funny
okay we gotta go to the temple trailer
used to many good bits yeah yeah I think
that tape thing was in the trailer right
portal I only saw one of the trailers
maybe there's just a lot that didn't get
spoiled for me ya know I could be that
could be the that like that the whole
basically that whole mantis like you
love her sexually you see downs all in
the trailer yeah
which was cute I still you know what I
still laughed it's fun it's a fun bit it
is about that that ah there's a witch
okay bye witch
the blue prism says fuck yes more Zelda
also hijack and rich right you guys are
looking like a couple of cool cats
absolutely
you ought to see about finally streaming
some link to the past that was my first
game I ever got I think I'm not saying
it'll never happen in my havin my a no
Manos is that Ben I doubt it unknown
caller
that's Ben hello
it's literally no one I'm assuming that
was a wrong number because after that
long pause yeah there was just an I'm
sorry and then hang up oh yeah
either a wrong number like a
telemarketer who like wasn't reading his
script up no no no no I don't know I'm
missing this call I don't know yeah
was his name Ben what was it was here
why didn't you put that highlight up oh
it's gonna it's going on I like
highlight for summer eat like in my head
so like the new videos go up every day
at noon right yeah yeah highlights I
usually put up sometime between like
1:00 and 2:00 in the morning
just because I'm silly so I think it's
kind of tonight I should have it set up
to go or this or tomorrow morning you
know I believe I have it set up to go up
tomorrow morning you don't know who Ben
is there's some phone that's not my
phone number and don't even post fake
numbers because that might be somebody's
phone number I don't know Ben if you
don't know who Ben is there's a
highlight coming up that you should
probably watch from the last stream we
did yeah
was his name Ben did I get that right I
always been yeah
um the real Vance is Ridge Ridge
did you see the Star Trek Legacy video
it seems from the motion picture with
music from Daft Punk's Tron Legacy
soundtrack it works really well I I have
not seen it this is the first I've heard
of it but you know what that sounds
interesting
I'm down for seeing that
when in some guy in blue says when
infinity war comes out Mike and J should
have everybody that's ever been on red
letter media everybody that's ever been
on red letter media review the movie
with them you guys Josh Jim and Colin
Freddie Mac's Len Jessie Gillian etc oh
that'd be funny Oh God and we all try to
have a discussion about infinity Wars
depending upon how the movie turns out
that could be a very meta comment on the
movie it could be but practically
impossible to get all of these people
here at the same time swimming gizmo by
the way I did earlier you might have
missed it oh and talking about a bunch
of in talking about the good show
Don't Tell moments I specifically
mentioned the Mantis and Drax scene yes
she feels his emotions and that you know
switches her to warn the crew about eco
that was that was a that was a perfect
scene we understand what's happening
with the characters it moves the plot
forward all without an overabundance of
dialogue the Ayatollah of rock and
rollin says yeah love you guys
the Tony Stark faked out death and
Avengers reminded me of Han Solo's
Carbonite freeze I think Downey jr. so
wants to awesome slash kill Tony Stark
awesome he wants to he wants to like die
in an awesome way i I guess do you think
he does it in infinity war I don't think
they'll let him right
the question is when when are they going
to start reeling the characters with
different actors as soon as they are
ready to do that yes they will
symbolically kill iron man who started
the MCU uh not for a long time I think
they're gonna start trying rotating in
characters they haven't used yet they've
been doing them yeah I think you just
see more and more that rather than
recasting yeah I don't think possibly
then at some point in the future once
they feel like they've exhausted it all
then you'll see a major reboot of the
entire Marvel Universe at some distant
point I think once we get to that point
they will kill off Tony Stark at that
point yeah okay and you know that it'll
be the biggest symbolic gesture that we
are moving on from the original MCU
I should write a list before talking
about it
guardians volume 2 and Empire Strikes
Back parallels I was thinking about it
the other day
and I came up with a lot of them not
just a few I came up with a lot I don't
deny it
you know big space opera but there's an
action scene in the beginning that not
alone is enough and then after the
action scene when fleeing are our heroes
take their spaceship through an asteroid
field um the hero gets it our heroes are
girls split up and our main character
rather than going on some kind of
adventure spends time with a mentor
figure learning to use magical powers
all right I like it I like it ah
shocking revelation about our hero's
father who turns out to be the big
villain alright I like him I need to I
need to go through and write them down
I thought war no one's kidnapped but so
then so then is yondu the Han Solo like
is his dying the frozen in carbonite I
kind of somebody for somebody a pirate
ish kind of rogue hero freezes at the
end of the film
nice
if there's no there's no real boba fett
well I guess the Taser face would be
boba fett just just in general
structurally there's no like here's the
problem we have to solve it's kind of
meander for a bit and things come
together at the end
there's no Empire the snow we got to
investigate the mystery of the empire
and blow up the thing it's like how god
we got a run from these guys and now
we're gonna hang out here for a while
I'm just gonna chill out with Yoda guy
and now shit out all comes together and
hmm I guess that's fair I do what I do
wonder just in general how many movies
you could do that way though
our one of our villains has a change of
heart helps the heroes kind of goes off
on their own at the end to take care of
business Lando nebula and Lando oh sure
kind of you know is that a strong there
yeah was working for the bad guy yes I
has a change of heart yeah alright no
that's fair that's fair Lando takes off
in the Falken at the end and then nebula
takes off of a ship and leaves cuz they
have unfinished business staring out a
window solemnly at the end well that
that's just a lot of move staring out a
window solemnly and a bittersweet ending
sure sure
at a beautiful thing that's happening
out in space not saying I disagree can't
do that yet what are you doing mister
I need a fish I need a fish well yeah I
mean oh oh oh I bet I can bomb these
rocks
I have bombs rich nope
wealthy starring what was the beautiful
thing happening at Empire were they
staring around like a nebula or
something weren't they
it was a beautiful Vista wasn't just an
empty star filled MIT been a necessary
whole bunch of other ships around wait a
minute sir you mean with him and Leia at
the end yeah in his hand
no I physical ish she was like a nebula
or a galaxy was one or the other I can't
be a hundred percent on that rich in
fact I'm kind of leaning the other way
that it was just an empty state okay
okay
I don't yes they were staring at a Milky
Way like thing were they yeah I'm I'm
not I don't remember that
last leg
it was totally the galaxy yeah Oh anyway
I'll talk to the Megu tree again you
talk to that maker trip I think I think
I have to I'm gonna read this tip by
Fire Emblem fangirl who says hey Jack
they played fire up oh it's winter now
what sorry oh gosh I'm stuck
are you you're really stuck can't go
down thank okay hi fireman van girl all
right
Fire Emblem fan girl says hey Jack I
real woman by video games board games
RPG books and erotica we don't need men
to please us saying that to you I don't
know why some offhand comment from
earlier cuz I got nothin I can't help
you okay okay I got it
ready yeah what what was the name Fire
Emblem fangirl Fire Emblem fangirl I
agree with you was always that about
like was that about like Lisa and buying
shoes oh snap that could have been you
know what she likes shoes you can't tell
you can't tell her how to skate i'ma say
what do women like he said some like oh
I might have said madam I might I might
have just said know what you're right
women like a lot of things some of them
like shoes and well I guess what the
comparison I was trying to make I was
not trying to make a sexist comparison
because men could buy $300 shoes - right
so one don't go assuming that that's
only a female thing Fire Emblem girl
well not a straight man huh not the
straight are you kidding have you seen
how expensive athletic sneakers are rich
they they can be super expensive so
kidding okay I'm thinking I'm sad thing
I'm thinking like fancy dress shoes that
are like ultra high Oh like like like
athletic sneakers are crazy expensive
yeah good yeah you're right
you're
um when I was so like shoot you know
shoes versus of really expensive cable I
can get some use out of this cable and
if we ever do a review of a GameCube era
or Gameboy era game I could use a really
nice way to capture that footage right
so like it could be practical and I
could use it but I don't necessarily
need it and it's the same with a really
nice shoe
it could be practical and it would be
nice to have but you don't necessarily
need a $300 shoe I were absolutely
fucking loaded yeah I still don't think
I would buy a $300 pair of shoes well it
but I this is what I'm saying with like
in comparing the shoes versus the cable
they are both things that could be nice
you could get use out of but aren't
entirely necessary so that was not a
sexist comment that was a perfectly
rational comment okay Fire Emblem fan
Charlotte m3 says haven't caught a
stream in a while and just wanted to say
hi been sick for the past week so it's
nice to get in some laughs with prereq
and get to feeling better thanks guys
for all the good times you're welcome
thanks for watching we appreciate it we
appreciate Beowulf he'll says King
Arthur books was a Norman's propaganda
to convert England to Christian and to
Norman's French ways read King Arthur
and Green Knight for a good read okay
oh shit I'm going to buy me Meg ooh
sorry wake up
that's all you got so it's a makeup tree
and not a deco tree yeah this is the
make ooo tree and the make ooh tree says
go to the temple of seasons but BTW I
don't know where the temple of seasons
is well fuck man I don't know where it
is you might have to explore and a Zelda
game check oh that's too much oh oh
hello still hidden in this world if you
can find the temple then pay a visit to
the spirits who lived there surely they
can help all right
thanks dude why do some people say
Tolkien was racist but everyone back
then was racist
so the world what the world where Jim
Crow was a thing shit
you find me you find me a person from
from the 1940s I will show you a fucking
racist I'm sure there were some not
racist people but a lot a lot of more
super racist
I'm not saying which is a hundred
percent right but he's like 90% right oh
here we go
I got hey I can light that fire
boom I got a cook codex
I got a cook codex rich okay
bird's nest set ah hey Jake and rich hi
obviously you guys love the Zelda series
however I would love to know what you
guys think about Majora's Mask awesome
Jack damn you laters help the older
generation pass on classic games that's
yeah yeah it's true
George masks okay I tried playing it
once a long time ago and it was so
different structure wise that I never
got into it I have not played it as an
adult
oh hello that's how you get past those
trees you burn them and I haven't tried
playing it as an adult I do hear it's
it's supposed to be like the good one I
I haven't played it for the admittedly
superficial reason that I can't stand
realistic looking young link cartoon I
gonna do with winwaker cartoony yeah
young link yeah I can't stand realistic
young link there's nothing for me man
doesn't nothing for me I know you hate I
don't want to be a fucking kid
yeah it's dumb you hate that and it's
superficial but that is the reason I
passed on that game back in the day you
know what rich you that's that's the
thing you have to look at all game if
you don't want to look at that thing
that's I think that's a perfectly valid
reason a comic book could have a really
great story but terrible art and it's
still something you have to look at yo
fucking book any new oh here hit it
which one was that those are the song
storms yeah that's great great music
great music
go around go around if I could just
isle it it would go around more quickly
which rich hates children I don't know
why more people don't haven't we had
this conversation children our assholes
children are horrible needy assholes
with no sense of self-preservation
varies on the child I've seen some
adorable children but yeah I think they
can be really irritating no even an
adorable children are assholes and it is
your job as a parent to get that act to
get that asshole out of them well
there's a heart over there that's named
doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot die act
Iraq Hey
the Zaius says rich yay do you think
Adam warlock in the movies will be more
like Jim starlings warlock or like the
warlock from the 2008 guardians of the
galaxy series that one I just don't want
starlings extensive work to be
disregarded it will be I don't know oh
no I don't get hard to say hard to say I
don't know they've taken it seems to
have their shit together
she seemed out of your shit together
they all their movies make a ton of
money it's just it's a if you're gonna I
don't know you built it off to the
infinity war in a bit late to be
introducing Adam warlock and then a
little bit late in the game if okay so
if they go the same route as the comics
that Adam warlock is the savior of the
day is that what he did in the comics ID
number of the ending the ending of the
Infinity Gauntlet has problems it really
has no idea how to wrap up the story it
sets up and a a bunch of different shit
happens at the ending okay
well originally in the comics he kind of
ultimately saves the day but not
necessarily from Thanos oh it's really
weird the ending of that book shit
nebula ends up getting the gauntlet
really
interesting the reasoning is that Thanos
subconsciously doesn't think he's worthy
leaves his guard down and nebula grabs
the gauntlet off his hands and she has
the gauntlet mm-hmm but she's fucking
incompetent and she's on the verge of
destroying all of reality and then Adam
warlock does a thing oh man oh man uh-oh
Jesus Christ
god dammit rich spoilers that fucking
book came out in 1990
yeah we're fuckin way past that we're
fuckin way past that
uh wait and it doesn't Adam warlock have
a stone in his forehead and they did
that with vision now was that a thing
yeah no yeah it wasn't
yeah he had heard infinity gem in his
head he had the soul gem and that's what
vision is I don't know does he have the
soldier here's my mind Jim why okay in
his head well the different gems though
I don't know if the Marvel Universe is
even gonna have a soul gem but like are
they gonna have two heroes of gems and
they're probably not right like look
what is what is the infinity war coming
out I is it next year
Cabo Cabo Cabo don't put your hands up
like that what I've been meaning I've
been nudged and I I haven't told you
that there's a spider there's a spider
hanging out behind you and if you put
your hands back a little you will touch
the spider really yeah
what is your real reason there's a
spider behind you it's a daddy longlegs
oh really yeah I was gonna wait until
after day yeah it hasn't moved I'm not
terrified of spiders I know you're not
and it hasn't moved so I was just gonna
wait and we could deal with it after the
stream but uh I did your hands were like
getting close to it so he's not gonna
bite me fuck up daddy longlegs oh I know
that's I just am I gonna do because I
don't want to hurt the thing I and I
didn't want you to knock down his nest
and then I'll go somewhere and then I
won't be able to smush him later
you
yeah I know just follow you I just
wanted to see what was over there first
uh Master Yoda that is a complete urban
legend that's a myth
what flip Master Yoda sank
daddy-longlegs are highly venomous but
their fangs can't penetrate human skin
yes it's just a myth it's an it's a cute
bed yeah it's a fun myth but it's a myth
it's it's like it's like you swallow 80
spiders a year myth yeah yeah cuz like
with yeah it's just one of those things
that danger like likes what
Oh
well I think I'm supposed to hide from
this like like and they're gonna they're
gonna show me the route to the temple
what I think I have to do yep
yes sir I have no idea what the fuck
they're doing I originally thought
vision was gonna take the place of Adam
warlock right right cuz he's got the
thing because he's got the geminus head
yeah so I add an identification the
whole vision they don't maybe they don't
do something with infinity war maybe
maybe James Gunn just as some kind of
guardians plan for him
maybe it will have nothing to do with
Thanos so the infinity war
and actually there's there's two
different kinds of spiders in this
country that could call daddy longlegs
one of them incorrectly okay and I'm not
sure which one that is it's a spider
with a little body and long legs yeah
like you know extraordinarily long times
it may not technically be a daddy
longlegs for all I really know yeah yeah
we just it's definitely there though oh
there's definitely a spider there I'm
not hanging out in a cobweb yeah there's
just one of those things where I didn't
want rich to bump it off its web and his
hands were getting close and it wasn't
really moving and so I wasn't going to
be like I wasn't gonna like stop the
stream so we could take care of the
spider midstream now because I love it
right I know you don't care some people
freak out about spiders yeah in general
like if it's a big spider yeah like I've
seen like everywhere have you ever seen
like a doc spider if they're big I
wouldn't want to hang around my house
but I would probably shoo it outside
rather than freak out no I smoosh i
smoosh first ask questions later
oh you spiders are eating if you have
spiders that means you have something
they're eating yeah and you probably
want them to eat that thing whatever
that thing is there listen I I follow
the the humans and the insect Kingdom
have a packed rich mm-hmm if we don't
see you you get to live a long and
prosperous life but the second we see
you you're dead so you got to be really
good at hiding that's the pact that the
humans and the insect / arachnids
because their partner you know the part
of the deck grows up check for the
record I would be afraid of a black
widow or a brown recluse but in this
particular area we don't get either of
those right
so there there are no brown recluses or
black widows to be had in this part of
the country I think there might be some
in up north you could get something like
shipping sure I think what kind of
spider wasn't it may have been a black
widow that came in with a shipment of
Granada's at the grocery store
Karen worked at uh it might I might be
getting the story wrong maybe maybe that
particular spider wasn't a black widow
sure oh that's good that makes me that
just makes me like feel crawl at creepy
crawlies all over me and that would be
fearsome because they can do some damage
oh I get a boomerang brown recluse are
fairly common yes but not here because
there are none in this area I think I'm
like I was saying I think there might be
brown recluses up north like near the U
P that might be a thing yourself in any
case they're not here no no no they're
not in Milwaukee like we're fine here
whoa
shit's going down lava I fell in the
lava
ah brown recluses are the most dangerous
as far as I know I read something I was
talking about that well that's not
really true Oh watch me now no there
I've been I've been bitten by spiders
before like big spiders yeah um when I
was a kid my one of my uncle's ran a
fishing camp yeah and uh sometimes I
would spend weeks up with him in his
fishing camp in Canada and he had docked
spiders and those things are as big as
your fucking hand and they bite and
leave marks I've been bitten by a couple
of those guys oh fuck yeah then I
wouldn't be too happy
oh no they're giant and they bite they
don't give a shit about you you see a
little spider walking around my house I
don't give no fucks about something like
something like that oh yeah no I just
don't I mean again the code rich we have
a code if I don't see you you get to do
whatever you get to do whatever you want
get better at hiding right that's the
name of the game if you're a bug or a
wreck m''d
all right well we
hey one of the one of the mods see grim
hound band that motherfucker
that's a dumb joke grim hound I like I
got a no I just got a no that's a dumb
joke
Grimm hound thank you mods mmm it's a
dumb joke I don't care all right I don't
blend it I don't blame me and I don't
care for it I don't want to see it in
there banham not a timeout goodbye
uh yet Shh
how hard it says good evening for
watching your past streams my favorite
ones are one you're honest about old
franchises sonic Pokemon then new show
idea rich ruins our childhood I'd watch
the shit out of it hey Sonic is all on
Jack I did yeah that was me I have
really hated that game what did he owe
he what he said was uh he's what he said
was that was the same you don't even
have to go on that details you have to
calm it well I do you know like I it was
an anti-semitic joke yeah well more
importantly his joke was that I was
anti-semitic yeah and so it was yeah
that was IIIi would I wouldn't be cool
with that yeah and it was it was just it
was a point it was one of those like
pointless jokes that was just calling me
anti-semitic and I didn't care for it so
goodbye as far as like classic
franchises rich and I have talked about
doing several and we just haven't found
that one that we have stuff to say about
yeah sonic sonic we played we had stuff
to talk about you know especially like
not just about Sonic but about the
Genesis and how that was the big rival
and that's that's where that came from
and we haven't had a lot of we almost
did it we came close he came close I was
replying to them like yeah you know what
I miss more than I remembered I still
don't love it as much as some of the
other Zelda's and they still don't think
it's the best but yeah no it's all right
yeah and then I think when we were
thinking about doing it that sequel I
just came out about it and so then it
was like well someone covered it if we
cover it then fuck it so
it's tough you got a because I really
like that whole like is Sonic overrated
and just you know taking on like is this
game worth all of the praise I like that
idea of going back and revisiting
classic we can't call it rich Evans
ruins my childhood because I think there
already is a show about old video games
called ruin my childhood so we couldn't
call it that I think there's enough
ammunition no no yeah yes whatever we
feel like you know okay the off switches
Oracle of Seasons we're link saves
Hyrule from an evil force but they all
starve anyway because some kid fuck with
the weather too much and the harvest was
ruined fit in with your timeline
Nintendo by the way maybe this is what
so like oracles seasons happens and all
the people were suffering because their
crops were messed up and that's why they
needed to flood all of Hyrule no that's
why then we know my Hyrule got flooded
that was explained in the Wind Waker
they did it to stop get him right biz
why it's why the original Legend of
Zelda game is a barren wasteland where
people live in caves that's it because
this fucker cuz this fucker was messing
with the seasons but we'll know but Wind
Waker Ganon came back after link
defeated him and then they had to flood
Hyrule to stop a second time yes
according to the official time
non-sensitive bag says cheers jack raise
my IPA thanks both for streaming today a
beer and livestreams great way to close
out a long Monday
I thought the digital D aging of K
Russell look good you yeah yeah I look
pretty good you know what I didn't even
notice it so yeah that look good the
headband you know they had to have done
it
well of course is he's ancient I was I
was because I know that you know I know
it had to be a digital day I was like
like that is scrutinizing it oh yeah
what I scrutinized it I thought well
maybe it's a little bit off but I had to
scrutinize and not I was they did a good
job like I said I it didn't even occur
to me I mean of course they had to do it
but it didn't even it was it was nothing
like rogue one Tarkin which i think is
just horrible
ah well that wasn't a digital d aging
that was a hope that was a fate of the
whole shit sure I got the rout of
seasons
it can change the seasons - yeah but the
Kurt the Kurt Russell D Aging's pretty
pretty pretty good
yeah damn good yeah yeah I can be with
that I can be with that
I can be down with that like I said it's
just nothing that occurred to me while
watching which is the hope of any effect
is that it doesn't occur to you while
watching it look you guys still talking
with spiders spreaders neat sure just
you know just nature just nature - Dax
says yeah Jack mansplaining feminism is
the funniest thing I've seen in a while
especially if you're drinking vodka and
7up keep up the good work
that was I was mansplaining feminism to
the person who called me who said I was
being I was being sexist for saying my
wife liked shoes I just know what she
likes this is a rough stream for you
isn't it apparently I think I brought
all this beer rich feminism - Guardians
- this is a rough stream from be honest
I'm more confident talking about ratings
- than Finland cuz like again you might
not agree with my ideas but I feel like
they're all pretty well thought out and
I hope my whole showing not telling deal
ah I think you're gonna go into feminist
we're gonna go into it here's like
Dwight is Jack doing that is Jack
waiting for me to interrupt him as he
trying to do a bit or should I let this
play out please don't no no no no no no
oh god that would be horrible
what a horrible time
Wow rocks
yeah
don't worry jack you're right about
everything this stream except for piracy
right we got piracy we got guardians and
we got feminism hey everyone
what do you disagree with jack about
today I got them all
I got them all I liked the force awakens
Mad Max is a perfect movie Mad Max is
fucking great max so fucking great Iron
Man 3 is a perfect action movie Iron Man
3 is Rena Iron Man 3 is a perfect action
movie
come at me we agree we agree on many
things Jack I know and it's I know like
I'm glad that you like guardians I'm
glad that anyone like I'm glad that
anyone enjoys anything cuz you know it's
tough to find things that you enjoy it
just didn't click for me I just did not
click for me and that was a tough one
too cuz like we like Lisa and I took
some special time like we had to find
babysitters for the kids like we're good
we're gonna go see it you know you're
like she works a lot I work a lot just
finding that time for us to take to that
I was really excited about it all week
and we come out and she's like ah man I
thought that was really good oh I didn't
much care for and she's like oh yeah
yeah she doesn't really care what I
think about stuff ah which is important
but but it was exciting it was
disappointing cuz I was really looking
forward to it yeah
there's a oh my god oh my god there is
some sort of dancing about to practice
would you like to dance with us yes
the Ziya says rich Stalin's work on
warlock includes several infinity events
after Infinity Gauntlet yeah that would
be infinity war and infinity crusade
I read comics in the 90s it was hard not
to at least hear about these things but
neither mores good warlock and Thanos
become friends and Thanos becomes a kind
of antihero that's another one of the
reasons I like phantos cuz he he he grew
some after the Infinity Gauntlet hmm and
I'm sure I'm sure modern writers have
shit all over that and he's a comical
villain who wants still the Infinity
Gauntlet and be God about I'm sure all
of that development has been tossed into
the fucking trash can
oh yeah no he's been he's been rebooted
eight times rash right uh you should
check out the stories yep I'm already
familiar with him we good
the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla says how
do you guys feel about the HP Lovecraft
idea of forbidden knowledge making you
insane and/or Douglas Adams total
perspective vortex torture is there any
knowledge of the universe we should
avoid well the problem is you can't know
that until it's too late
I've always been partial to the to the
forbidden knowledge doesn't make you
insane it just makes you appear insane
well do we have any example of knowledge
making somebody crazy and then it's fun
it's a fun fantastical idea but I don't
think there are any practical reasons to
believe that you can learn something
that would drive you mad know you could
probably learn something that just makes
you really depressed like there is no
God
sure um there-there is no meaning in the
universe right except for what you bring
to it right right yeah I'm trying to
think of something where it's like but
you digest these things you get over
them I'd like like the the the the whole
atomic era where they're like nuclear
power will help man Kawai you can make
bombs from it like that probably
depressed the shit out of someone but no
I'm thinking more like I'm thinking more
like Homer Simpson's discovers that
there are aliens
so they dunk him in a vat of vodka so no
one believes him how about how about the
knowledge to destroy the entire universe
with some with some matches and some
bleach like this is something you can do
with these normal household objects that
would destroy existence that would be
knowledge you wouldn't want getting out
just takes one suicidal nut well okay no
so now let's say you're the person who
discovered this yeah
and what you've discovered is that if
anyone ever sets fire to bleach it will
start a chain reaction that will destroy
the entire world right like two very
simple things yeah and so then you
become so paranoid that this is going to
happen because it's something that could
happen so easily that you you get driven
mad right this is an interesting
question actually and see to me like if
you discovered some sort of knowledge
that is just like here here's something
houston's and fucked up with quantum
theory if a butterfly actually ever
touches a tsunami it will create an
atomic explosion we don't know why it
hasn't happened but if it ever happens
everything on the planet will die yeah
and then you become so worried that this
thing that could happen at any time will
happen that you become crazy
yeah okay have you guys seen the
discovery the movie is about an ethical
dilemma just like this I am I have no
I've never even heard of that
that could be deep or or depressing I'm
not sure which all right until I need to
listen that right sometime how's this a
noise thing yeah
damnit she's terrible get out here
doo-doo-doo hi I need to listen a whole
lot yeah yeah sorry everyone I need to
do this to get shovel
this is important so it's kind of like a
rhythm game yeah well hold on so how
many we could do i press right tink
pressed left okay do think other got it
yes
you
TUC oh I see what's happening okay so
he's gonna do three things blink blink
blink and then I need to do those three
things okay oh this sucks so this isn't
Yuri playing a game you've never played
this is what I'm getting out of this one
have you ever played this before
Oh ages all ages ages and ages ago this
is you know this is a I play this game
probably soon after it first came out
but
fuck don't don't think I can do this I
can do this yes I will dance with you
need instruction No
you
oh no damn it you don't need the sound
huh you don't know I'm watching his
movie yeah - oh I just press the wrong
button
dance motherfucker I am trying ultime
sir I am trying executive horse wife
says rich yes two times the universe
equals tube disgust I love you guys this
there's nothing in their disgust there's
to discuss there's just a nonsense
statement yeah
you
ah I'm getting closer guys I'm getting
closer the discovery a man finds
scientific proof of an afterlife and
people start killing themselves by the
million oh I did hear about that and you
know what technically I think writing
that's not terrible if you know there's
an afterlife and you know it's a
paradise it makes perfect sense
oh all right right of course no I'm too
lazy to actually kill myself but you
would just probably stop caring about
anything in life eat all the shit you
want to eat yep yeah fuck it fuck it I'm
gonna drive at 110 miles an hour hey you
know the kids on the sidewalk good
hopefully I'll hit one they'll have it
they'll have a great afterlife do not
resuscitate motherfucker yeah yeah
that's that's not even an ethical
dilemma that's just basic logic right
right oh I like that they say it's a
Netflix original by the herd I don't
know I don't know that's what you're
talking about it and know the name off
the top ahead I did hear about that oh
that sounds like a fun a fun little
thing oh by the way someone tweeted at
me or something someone someone said
something about that made me think of
like what a fun little sci-fi premise
right yeah that made me think about our
sci-fi conversation gravity and the
Martian I heard the correct term that I
think okay is what it's supposed to be
called it's not our argument about
whether or not gravity was in fact a
work of science-fiction right because of
course it takes science into account in
a fictional yes scenario but I believe
the more accurate term someone tweeted
at me was speculative fiction that's
still that's just another name for
science fiction that's not what gravity
is it's more it's more of a sub-genre of
speculative science here's the thing
though nothing
the science of gravity is speculative
well none of the
it's actual its existing now they got
some details wrong like like the
distance between the space stations but
there was no like fantastical devices or
sure item of technology we don't
currently have hmm
that's fair
anyway well we're talking about the
afterlife and killing ourselves because
there's an afterlife yeah yep
I hate Sandra Bullock gravity was fine
if you discovered there's an amazing
Paradise afterlife that everybody gets
to go to if you're if you're the person
is still on earth getting upset about
all the people committing suicide
you're just a fucking stick in the bud
the the fun the fun part is you discover
there's an afterlife yeah but people
have to do a very specific thing to get
into it hey guy guys listen up and you
know what no one will listen to you
stick-in-the-mud not sticking the but
sticking the butters just yeah it's
dumps an entirely different way
different as long as it's consensual
nobody cares
exactly you know maybe clean off like
make sure there's no bark on the stick
cuz you don't want to get anything stuck
up there good old dirty but mom all
right I need to concentrate
you
you
ooh ah you do eight more times oh yeah
oh good I get my prize okay got my
boomerang I'm good today exercise
forbidden knowledge example mind
parasites idea that some thoughts are
alive and eat others thoughts
eg if you think about blueness or
parasite you lose ability to thank other
thoughts well that's just nonsense in
the first place I don't I don't I don't
know how I can have a discussion about
my thoughts on this thing that doesn't
exist hey I don't know what to say about
that
twitch plays Pokemon says there's an
afterlife where you and your peer or
where you and your peers or where your
peers judge you on your life's
performance what happens after the
review what are the stakes here twitch
plays Pokemon like are there only so
many slots and you know like you have
like 10 peers but only eight of you can
get in did you ever see the highly
underrated Albert Brooks comedy
defending your life no I've never seen
that
I like Albert post well he does CZ up he
does there isn't afterlife okay and it's
like a little trial where they review
your life it's like a little court
setting and yeah whether your cowardly
on this this day yeah yeah and he's kind
of just like like a schmuck who let a
nun spectacular life and in the
afterlife he meets Meryl Streep and she
was like a frickin Saint mm-hmm you know
it's it's a neat movie about the
afterlife yeah I believe it al Brooke is
a good writer I stay in like a hotel
just like a normal hotel but all the
food is like the best food you've ever
had misty it's really good I believe it
a hundred percent believe it
Albert Brooks has some depressing movies
yes but he's also a very good writer so
I guess I like that's the point like if
we're making a fun little afterlife
premise for me you know it needs some
consequences where it's like you know
you and your 10 best friends have to
decide which 5 of you will get into the
afterlife that could be fun like that
give us some some stakes pink pink
sorry Chen says rich Skyward Sword had
mad gameplay but a good ending slash
story breath of the wild had great
gameplay but a terrible ending how would
you have liked the ending to go I wish
there was some big reveal about the bots
or something
my complaint with the ending of breath
of the wild isn't story wise story wise
I'm fine
yeah you're out then well with Zelda and
give you both free doll your obligations
have been discharged and like story wise
I like the ending my disappointment with
the ending of breath of the wild is just
the boss fight itself
oh god hey lame was that
it's a horrible Ganon is my problem with
it so I would change that you began in
boss fight is so disappointing is
terribly terribly disappointing I mean
put it but then again all of the Ganon
boss fights you're incredibly
disappointing
what do you boy wait wait wait in
general throughout the games began in
boss fights the for the for boss and
it's our began are the same fucking
thing I don't draw a line between them
all of the Ganon boss fights were lame
is what I'm saying all of the four
bosses and the final boss were lame oh
you talking about yes I talk about
across the series oh god no no no I'm
like when weak no no sorry the the
bosses in the four B's the bosses in the
beasts not the end bosses but the bosses
in general and that guy yes in breath of
the wild the bosses in the beasts and
the final Ganon are incredibly lame yes
I can see where that confusion was
hidden in breath of the wild all of the
Ganon bosses are weak
yeah don't eat me don't eat me
so it's you know that final Ganon boss
was was nothing that we hadn't already
seen as far as we've bosses but I was I
was kind of hoping that the main Ganon
would you know you know it wasn't the
worst boss fight in that game but the
other boss fights in that game were
terrible it was it was it was equal to
all the other bad boss fight I didn't
want to fight a Cronenberg monster yeah
visually I thought he was a big
disappointment
alright where's my map Ganon at the end
of route was kind of epic easy but like
epic yeah yeah it was a good fight
winwaker was a good fun winwaker
probably the best in the series Twilight
Princess has a nice little horse chase
before a great little duel oh yeah yeah
fun light Aero horse fighter horse chase
yeah that was followed by just just no
human Ganondorf sword fight I love that
this is something we bring up all the
time which is your boss fight needs to
be the same thing you've been doing all
gone but harder just a good
old-fashioned brawl oh there's a witch
ah
great which serves infants
anonymous says hey hey guys so I
revisited Prometheus recently and found
it to be enjoyable despite having many
serious flaws I don't think it's the
worst thing ever made but many people
say it is any thoughts I never saw any
reason to go see it i-i've never seen
prometheus
oh yeah too many too many blah or bad
things about it plus I just don't give
that much of a shit about alien that's
fair
oh hello hey you know and like
Prometheus I've always said the same
thing which was it was an alright movie
that fell apart in the third act yeah it
you know what it was alright the
characters acted a little dumb but these
were also characters that agreed to go
on a journey of years without knowing
what the dirt what like yob was and so's
like it made sense in their character
had one of the greatest horror scenes of
any modern sci-fi movie Metis yeah yeah
oh the the birthing scene for anyone
who's seen Prometheus the birthing scene
Wow oh it was gross like you've got a
horrible body horror a little bit a
little bit I don't want to spoil too
much well it's I'm probably not gonna
bother saying it I don't care and it's
fit it's old enough at this point so the
our main character yeah gets infected
and has an alien yeah growing in her
belly and she goes into this like a
medical tube to remove it and so it's
just like this medical tube ripping open
her belly to like are really I think I
heard about give a c-section - just like
alien baby that starts like flopping out
of her it's fantastic and then after
that scene is over the movie completely
falls apart but amazing scene amazing
scene you got to be trolling rich Evans
how could you not see Prometheus what
you got something better to do with your
time yeah I do apparently because every
time I hear people talk about the movie
it's to bitch about it
yeah it's in overall it's pretty mezzo
like you had you have you definitely
have better things to do with your life
I certainly wasn't
hold on it do-do-do-do-do-do
this is pronounced yes
the Zaius is rich there's actually more
infinity of this Marvel the end infinity
revelation infinity relativity and
infinity finale plus other stuff in the
90s like Thanos quest and infinity watch
well I'm definitely familiar with Thanos
question and finished infinity wash
Thanos quest is what directly leads to
the Infinity Gauntlet oh because he has
the gems before Infinity Gauntlet starts
Jack he gets the gems an infinity quest
Oh which is just like a fat single issue
it wasn't like an epic thing that took
years and years like it is in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe it's interesting I'm
familiar with I think I heard of
infinity abyss and Marvel the end I I
haven't heard of the other three their
revelation relativity and finale though
much maybe I'll look into I'm assuming
they're all written by Starlin the
fuckin better jim Starlin they fucking
better be we don't accept nothing but
Jim Stalin
annex 1000 says hey rich hey Jack I love
the show what a Hester who wanted to ask
your take on something in this day and
age when everything has been done where
is the line between being creative
playing homage and ripping off all of
entertainment since since they started
painting drawings and walls has been
taking work that a previous artist has
been doing and twisting it matting to it
and putting your own spin on it that's
that's the history of art it's it's
nothing new and and jokes about people
being you know creatively bankrupt aside
that of course these are all jokes that
people have done before yeah no you know
actually they're there right now I've
been reading about this that Conan
O'Brien is going to court for possible
copyright infringement yeah apparently
someone is suing Conan O'Brien and his
writing staff for stealing their jokes
this was like a joke writer who used to
like write for Jay Leno or something and
has a popular social media blog or
something and he writes topical humor
yeah
and he's pointing to like two or three
specific instances where he made a joke
about some sort of topical event and
then Conan O'Brien that night in his
monologue made a shockingly similar joke
here's the question yeah should we get
pissed at Conan O'Brien for this or the
writer or any become because like this
is like copy writing jokes and like joke
stealing is that a thing that comes up
constantly yeah you know why a lot of
people have the same ideas and a lot of
people think the same things are funny
and sometimes jokes are just structured
similarly a lot of people are too lazy
to write their own jokes or not and not
grave enough to write their own jokes
and if you spend time writing that joke
and then somebody comes along does it
people love it and get all the credit
and you get nothing I'd be pissed
I'd be pissed wait say that situation
again I don't understand the point you
write a funny joke
yeah and you're you're in relative
obscurity yeah and then someone as
famous as Conan O'Brien comes along who
already has Fame and money in a TV show
yeah
uses your joke sure he gets all of the
laughs and all of the credit yeah and
you who wrote the joke get nothing I
would be pissed now I would be pissed
now imagine this in this scenario yeah
which is the more likely scenario okay
you write a joke about something topical
right yeah here's my little joke about
something topical later that day one of
Conan's writers just so happens to write
a similar joke without knowing that your
joke exists they get all the credit well
if they didn't know your joke existed
that's and I it's hard thing to prove
and by the way that is a hard thing to
prove right that's the real question but
no no this has come up so many times
before I know back in the day there was
a giant kerfuffle about um who was it
that was stealing from louis c.k who is
the comedian that no one likes Oh hum I
know I know I know Canadians and their
and their jokes and their Joe everyone
is accused of being a joke thief of
course and and 99% of the times no one
is a joke thief they just happen to come
up with a very sad how do you know that
huh how do you know that you speak with
authority Jack Biko because later on
like like for example this louis c.k and
dane cook thank you what if the wording
is exactly the same or nearly exactly
the same which has happened of course
it's happened well so specifically louis
c.k and Dane Cook yeah Dane Cook was
accused of stealing a louis c.k joke
about scratching your itchy asshole and
it was worded very similarly and they
were they were there along the same
lines
thank cook would still an asshole joke
and eat well and here's the thing here
after the Internet
and freaked out louis c.k actually had
Dane Cook on his show and they rehash
the argument and louis c.k admitted that
no no like it didn't no of course he
didn't steal my joke people just come up
with the same joke all the time I
thought
Dane Cook said well he could have
subconsciously have have regurgitated
every thought knowing of course it's
possible yeah but this is the thing rich
the same joke can happen over and over
and over again couldn't you say the same
thing about like a a novel a short story
yeah of course and about music that
happens all the time in music like are
you ripping off this artist or did you
just happen to come up with the same
notes and so it's all about intent right
it's all about whether or not you can
prove that they saw this thing and had
the intent to steal it and if they did
that's terrible of course it's terrible
but I think more likely you will just
find that people come up with this
what's the same shit and and here's why
I speak with authority I think we've
actually talked about this before
um spontaneous creation of similar items
is something that is well-known in the
creative community and I actually got to
experience it firsthand
a lot when I was being a video screener
for Funny or Die okay so back in the day
I worked for Funny or Die and one of my
jobs was watching every video uploaded
every single day to try to find funny
user-generated content
yeah and rich I cannot tell you how many
times I would come across almost the
exact same sketch from two people who
had no connection to each other living
in different parts of the country
uploaded on the same day written
produced edited at the same time without
knowing each other almost the exact same
sketch it just happens right okay it
just happens and it's amazing just
because like there's only so many jokes
there's only so many combinations I
don't even know where this conversation
started I'm a little lost
people are saying use the wand on the
stump to change seasons
on the stump they said the stump
somebody said the stump okay hold on
there's a stump use the wand on the
stump to change its seasons oh hello I
can get on the stump but the wand
doesn't do anything people and if I want
now I think you're full of shit I can
get on the stump which I didn't know I
could do Dream Theater 13:10 by the way
by the way going back our land with us
going back to the not necessarily joke
stealing but the the creativity and
building on yeah you need to build up
okay you don't want to just do the exact
same thing somebody else has done you do
want to put your own spin on it
of course of course you want to put your
own spin on it well and that's how you
become viable as an entertainer you have
to have your own voice and even if it's
a similar joke because you're taking it
from your perspective that's what turns
you into a viable entertainer James Gunn
didn't just remake Star Wars it did this
funky thing he took he took space opera
yeah and he he gave it a James Gunn
flavoring yes he has a unique voice yes
and when I'm with it I want to make that
clear for if when Rich Evans said it's
okay to just do the same thing over and
over again
I mean rich that is kind of what you
said so
so you need to get right by you what's
going on here
all right now Dream Theater 1310 yeah my
first tip I ever heard of the movie man
from Earth movie were people in a room
listen to the story of a man who may or
may not be in a mortal very little
action my favorite movie after arrival
oh I'm sorry I have not heard of fun
I've not heard of it either and I'm
sorry I'm sorry we can't do something
more interesting for your very first tip
because neither of us have heard of this
but uh you know that's now everybody has
heard of it if it's as good as a rival I
was like I'm good
nemesis hey rich if you give Jim
sterling shit for rating vanquish a 5-10
mediocre there's a good chance of him
seeing it as he's an RL I'm fan nothing
personal Jim's a good sport but could be
an amusing bed Majan Jim sterling a do
what he wants respect him it's fine he
doesn't want like mango she doesn't have
to Jack doesn't want to like guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 it doesn't have to
was true that's true I don't have to get
with that people people like different
things it's fine and for everybody
people like different things I'm curious
why I'm sure it was reasonings were what
did what do you when he had to say about
it but I have no issue with him giving
it a 5 out of 10 and since that's what
he thought it's what he thought
obviously I think differently
Oh
Jim sterling does game reviews and
whatnot he does is the show called the
Jim quints Jim quiz ish and they go they
go rich yeah yeah he seems like a fine
dude
that Jim seems like a fine dude can't
shit
seems like a fondue that Jim sterling he
can do whatever he wants I know I know
people often get pissed at him for like
raiding games lower than they feel he
should and those people should fuck ripe
the hell off he gets to rate him however
he feels like it that's his job that's
his job if you disagree with him that's
okay people lost their shit when he gave
modern warfare 3 a nine out of 10 of
Mario Kart game a 5 out of 10
he gets to do that
that's his job just stop listening to
him if you don't agree with him just
stop listening to him what's what's
wrong with giving a Mario Kart game a 5
out of 10
temple seasons and get the power to do
oh shit I got to go back to the temple
god damn it he gets to do it every once
what the fuck is that
you gotta get enough ring the Ayatollah
of rock and roll losses ya old Greek
myth says we die are judged and can
choose the life we get to live next but
must drink from the River Styx and
forget our choice and be born knowing
you would forget what would you choose
uh I don't like the idea of
reincarnation can I just can I just hang
around heads you don't like the idea of
reincarnation if I lose everything that
makes me me what's the difference
between that and actually being
permanently dead dead dead reincarnation
is the same thing as oblivion as far as
I'm concerned you know that's a really
good point rich you lose everything
that's you you start from scratch and I
would be somebody else I wouldn't be me
right alright yeah alright I'm fair I'm
down with that I'm down with this logic
that's sound ah here it is this is where
I need to go yeah
like don't rock
Cerie chances how would you have liked
the fight Ganon should have been a three
part battle an actual duel involves
somewhere in there that would have been
great
I read that very badly an actual duel
involved somewhere in there the worst
Ganon fight would have to be Skyward
Sword imprisonment with its dumb balloon
toes you know the imprisoned fights were
dumb most things in Skyward Sword were
outside of the storytelling yeah um the
end fight was also a huge fucking
letdown - what's that let's not give
atomizer pass that was a lame fight yes
I'm big on duels honestly I would like
to see pig pig wizard Ganon in 3d they
don't have to make him look ultra
cartoony uh-huh but just that version of
Ganon the giant pig man pig pig man met
not like five stories tall just no giant
pig wizard with a trident and and magic
flying around classic oh shit not this
way you know and like to me that was the
most disappointing part of the Ganon
boss fight in breadth of the wild is we
never got to just duel him yeah there
were like you the way you fight every
other enemy in the game is just a brawl
and we don't get to do that with any of
the Ganon boss fights in breath of the
wild and I said and so your end game is
completely different than the rest of
your game and that that's no that's not
good game design your end boss does not
need to be five stories tall hey oh no
it doesn't need to be fuzzy
we've discussed we talked about this in
Bayonetta review which is like the best
fights were just the human-sized fights
yeah the duels with Jean Jean Jean no
and you know you know that what that
else reminds me of is blood-borne you
start to realize that the most dangerous
enemies in blood-borne are the man-sized
that hunters yes the other hunters yeah
like the giant beasts oh I can take care
of those all day it's it's the little
guys ah those are the ones that'll fuck
with you
and then you know if you need to have it
you need the last form you transfer you
even want to do that what they did in
breath of the well with the big pig that
just stood there and let you run around
shooting its weak spots with no response
was terrible that was absolutely
terrible guys I think you gave me some
bad advice
Cronenberg nope Cronenberg yeah would
have been my final form and I would have
had like a regular duel before that you
know what give me give me a give me a
ganondorf duel follow that up with a pig
Ganon fight like pig wizard fight sure
then you can do your Cronenberg monster
if you think you have to do the giant
thing yeah yeah that's fine give me a
duel here has to be a fun fight right
above and beyond anything else well and
even you know what even if you go
Cronenberg and like it's easy like as
long as you get that first big duel on
the way
right the fun part the fun part and then
you're like oh my that's got to be the
big powerful thing or whatever f-fine
then you go well that's icing on the
cake I beat the big powerful thing great
guys my thing's not doing anything but
that that giant pig that just stood
there it literally just stood there I
let you run around it and shoot the weak
spots god I hated that the four towers
in the corner of the temple grant what
what are you talking for these guys
anonymous says Jack wants Vince rich to
watch one punch man we almost had him on
Saturday
thanks they were watching one punch man
it's fine I'm sure it's fine um it kinda
it kind of makes fun of I get that it's
making fun of anime tropes I get that
but here's the thing if you're not
necessarily a person who's into anime
you don't care if it's making fun of
anime right so it's kind of neat but I
know I won't recommend
- because I just don't think he'll be
into it how about that okay I don't know
oh here's the thing great I don't
necessarily think rich will be into it
so I will not recommend a lava shit Jack
are we are we mortal kombat fans I'm
fine with Mortal Kombat I've never been
a huge fighting game person right but I
got to say Mortal Kombat always looked a
bit stiff compared to Street Fighter
well yeah because they had the real-life
yeah people models right that was also
the selling point of Mortal Kombat in my
heart I have more room for Mortal Kombat
because that was the arcade cabinet
closest to my grade school
and so after school we would go to the
local burger place that had Mortal
Kombat and I would play Mortal Kombat
but and no specific no specific love for
Mortal Kombat uh dingus no one punch man
is not a single joke stretched for 12
episodes it is a single joke replayed in
12 episodes huh boom the sick burn for
one punishment it's the same joke over
and over yeah he's really strong he
can't be defeated and every episode
they're like well how about this guy
yeah we can't be defeated stuff how this
damn still can't be these season I get
it yeah I get it
exactly I haven't seen it and I get it
that's why I'm not going to recommend it
to you rich you won't care do you get
phrases and the snow piles of dead three
spirits - please hurry
it's fine and but like I didn't I didn't
hate it as much as I thought I would
hate it one punch man but the joke gets
old and a lot of it like there was that
one episode there's that one episode
which was basically just the writer
masturbating all over the screen which
was like the episode was about like
doing what you wanted to do creatively
without listening to the haters it's
just like come on man come on so it's a
fine show I know season two is coming to
is coming out soon and you know could be
fun could be fun that
ridding the Nostromo one yeah I don't
quite get them it looks like a joke
it is the appearance of being a joke
yeah well it's not really a joke but
decide decide for yourselves everybody
epic Jason X 9000 and the chat says rich
and Jack would you say that the reason
why the alien stock the crew in the
original 1979 alien was bit was because
it was a Nostromo sexual like other than
other than just shoving Nostromo and
homosexual together in one word is there
any kind of joke there right because
like the alien wasn't there to have sex
with anything or we IWI's maybe we just
don't get it oh poor epoch Jason axe I'm
so sorry we just don't get it we just
don't get it we're huge we're huge jerks
I'm sorry
it was a facehugger thing I still don't
necessarily get it but hey you do you
man you do you alright but I think I'm
done you're done you're done I think
that's all i can Zelda is it 11:00 oh my
god
it is 11:00 is after 11:00 was bliss
flew by that well we had a lot to do
there you know there's a lot to discuss
and a lot to disagree about which which
makes the but I'm just a fool sing right
by we're going to save this before
before we forget if I remember how to
save area rich are you going to see
covenant I don't know why I would I saw
alien 1979 yeah so I feel like I've
already seen it like I might watch it
when it comes to video on-demand I'm not
gonna rush out and go see it cuz it's
like yeah I like alien
I like aliens the other one's kind of
like fine yes fine
I'm not an alien fan so much as I am an
alien's fan right and you like to be
more action-adventure right and it looks
like they're going more the horror route
again yeah I just don't care right and I
like the horror one but I also already
have that one like I can just watch
alien it was it was a fine movie but I
don't need to see in a different version
of the same thing right
with that the traveller speaks I've seen
big man Japan it's very strange
it's very very strange and the ending
kind of saves it and makes you love it
but the whole thing is just too weird
just it's just so weird
alright so you gotta get a navigate as
to them the subscribers oh shit
alright it's not gonna be on that one
go okay here here is the point in the
stream at the end of the string at the
end of the string where we read the
names of people who have subscribed
tonight and hope they they keep us doing
what would platitudes thank you give us
some money keep giving us money we need
more money
thank you and we're gonna read we're
gonna read the names now as we end the
stream it's true that's exactly what
we're gonna do
much like sabio Freston terre de coeur
says penis hehehe I'm glad you got that
one heliosphere 1969
cinnamons is wait I'm mod for free and
pay you every month no wonder I didn't
go to business school keep up the good
work
hack of frauds and we know what cinnamon
we really do appreciate it Thank You
Oliver months
Oliver months and now with our mod BOTS
to where we're worth morning we're
having way too much fun
vx 1 a 3 5 and Sifl oppa thetic this new
subscriber for 13 months in a row and
this new subscriber says rich while Jack
had had had had had head had had had had
had a better effect on the chat bunch of
pricks ok rotoscope ik says today I
decided not to don't about things I
don't like I have learned lessons of
life twats that's the only lesson that
matters clone 27:27 for 14 months in a
row and clone 2727 says jack emulators
are already proven to be legal in court
see sony vs. connects which is right
yeah edgar allen hope oh
speaking hope oh did I mention that risk
of rain - is there working on that you
mentioned that you meant that last dream
you can mention it again if you want
we're they're working on risk green to
third person risk of rain were since
we're yeah yeah that's what it looks
like so I mean it could change sure but
you know the team's back together that's
great a horrible glory for 30 fucking
months in a row and a horrible glory
says they remodeled my towns Taco Bell
and it looks like and it looks all
futuristic and modern now I call it our
demolition man talk about now
salutations beer coaster the boo na
Blowfish runner kaleidoscopic 20 master
kenobi double-oh-seven for 35 fucking
months in a row six yeah so close let's
have cancer
I was we've established cancer gets you
I know I was I was a month or as we were
fireworks right I bag of fireworks or
yeah Master Kenobi double-oh-seven says
you guys are the best thanks for all the
good times
Chernobyl kinsmen for 25 fucking months
in a row in Chernobyl kinsman says hey
Jax
could you tell rich that vanquish is
coming to PC please no I won't reach
will be kept in the dark
Lindsay yo yo yo OOP
get over there Mouse Frisco Jones for 33
fucking months in a row John Elway's
teeth says six days till Twin Peaks
motherfuckers there's so much good stuff
out new season a sense eight just came
out
goddamn since it's a greatest show I'm
supposed to find time for prey
you gotta find time for prey you also
need to watch all of Firefly I've also
heard some
people talk very positively about
Stargate you should look into that and
if you have times there's some other
stuff we can talk about dots 85 yeah you
know III I have to spend my free time
watching JFK assassination conspiracy
videos Jack that's what I need to do
why is then that's this once wedding
video you have a free time for Jack I
don't care about you your brand-new
things I want to hear about things that
are 50 years old that's what I want to
hear about I did get led down the
YouTube rabbit home to the JFK
conspiracy theory what I saw one
innocent video there's like a 50s game
show I think you know forget what they
called it you know what's my live they
where they had to guess what a person
did and turn out they were the last
living witness to the Lincoln
assassination okay so the related videos
like next thing that came up was about
the JFK assassination and that just it's
snowballed and that's happened what I
what I came out of this with is don't
look at JFK autopsy pictures after you
have just eaten you could fucking shove
your fist in that thing it was not
pleasant that's 85 exclamation point wet
ass bean if that's a penny Pro letes
says I'm a little bit country X arena X
ah just this guy you know for 29 fucking
months in a row and just this guy know
says our months still month length I
feel like we just did this get an old
man that's what it feels like when you
get old
Eve what do we had - oh you old I'm
sorry Darkwing schmuck kaleidoscopic 20
says hi rich hi jack thank you for the
hours of entertainment and why
after but will you guys be seeing alien
covenant this weekend no evil Lord David
says hey guys David here for seven
months in a row I hope you had a
wonderful Mother's Day absolutely yeah
you know I think I'm gonna spend this
weekend and just catch up on some shows
just some classic TV shows you know
zat's
for seven No well for seven months in a
row I've already said it's ads you got
it you got it I said it I wasn't
supposed to say it we don't usually say
it until he gets twelve months in a row
but I said it and I'm sorry I said it
I'm not by also I'm not sorry thanks for
sticking around zat's did you read what
they said only twenty nine months to go
until I get confetti bruiser Nick
berserk Inc oh wait why is it no there's
no there's no it can't be bruiser
because there's no y so just bruster ink
presser ring yes sir ink or bruss rink
could be could be G shots 432 fucking
months in a row says 32 months my god
what have I done with my life
thanks for all the entertainment oh said
land Raziel is in a capital i it's got
me Noah get start with lowercase that's
land Raziel or i and a raisin which
makes less sense
everyone seems like the lowercase I'm
assuming they can't capitalize there's
something that's is its lands room sure
sure that's what I'm going with
she says oh boy two months wiretap 804
gents rowboat Oh for 20 fucking months
in a row - you scrolled it and I started
reading the wrong line because you were
scrolling cuz I finally two months I
thought you were dumb once I thought you
were done so I was trying to efficiently
scroll so I could be at the top rich
gosh darn it Johnson 89 for 20 fucking
months in a row and Johnson says I wish
twitch would show me it was my 20th
anniversary not just tell me ah
ah I don't know I feel like this is a
rational argument just a lot of uh bait
bait basically just boils down to I
don't want everyone to have a fucking
monologue and I don't feel like this
that's like too harsh of a criticism for
movies okay okay um we're way out dark
okay dark matter
4:22 fucking mutt cirrhosis yay auto-pay
does the work prereq plays the games yo
yo
the infamous toad and the infamous toad
says now I can spam a Rich's head
everywhere I go you can I don't
understand what that means
slurm dip Oh probably the mogees then
what else yeah
there's my name is son of Oishi she's
for the colors emojis na'kal emojis in
the chat the things that come up the
icons they good then I got a different
name this is just an emoji it's not a
badge it's a I think it's an emoji all
right okay I know I've also forgot boats
yes Nemo thank you oh yeah so you just
learned it by eye father you didn't firm
dip than you I don't remember
no I didn't I don't think I did you
wanted you to die the infamous toad yeah
I did no one did flow in depth oh yes
you said I did it but I didn't do it I
did the one above that I thought you did
for learn them I just did it now I know
somebody did okay
Blowfish runner come cretin - Dax for 28
fucking months in a row says mantis is
my waifu Shaq so da um big fat man
eight seven three for 14 months in a row
Lloyd beets for thirty two fucking
months in a row says missed a couple of
stream
as I've been hooked into pray lately but
had to login to re-up the sub I've heard
great things and you know I didn't
really like that dishonored some you
know maybe maybe in eight years I'll get
into that pray right after all right
after I played The Witcher 3 we play
number don't tease them Dumpty's in
eight years
don't tease them act don't tease them
years they're good people they don't
deserve that kind of treatment
blame five says thanks for the
discussion of guardians of the galaxy -
I thought there was too much exposition
as well but it didn't ruin the movie for
me and yeah maybe it was just I was
feeling that day I don't know like I
said I was super hyped to see it fine if
you if you didn't love it more than
anything
I did have to see in 3d which is usually
a damn why would you do that
it was a here's we had a tough decision
to make
yeah yeah we could either see it at our
local theater the theater that is down
the street from us in which afterwards
we could immediately walk to our friends
house to get our kids or drive to go see
it I was going to see it on Friday with
with with Karen yeah I you know I wasn't
dumb I bought the tickets online
of course her like the fourth up say
4:30 I think it's about what do I show
sure and you know Karen's tarde she got
home 4x when I'm take a nap theaters not
too far away sigh I set her alarm for
like you know half an hour before short
a short time she get up from a nap just
get ready record absolutely this is fine
so I said our alarm for so I'm sitting
down after those I'm in the other room
playing strafe and time goes by and you
know Karen comes out she's ready to go
and I notice it's it's like 5 o'clock Oh
God and I'm like she got up I share the
alarm she got up she got dressed and she
didn't say anything she did not say a
word
did you know if I'm away she might have
forgot I don't think she's like why
don't you sit alarm I did I said it for
you why did you set one for you cuz I
figured what you were up you will
tell me when you're ready to go she's
playing some animal crossing I don't
know what was your walk on the plate
animal crossing so I got these tickets
we can't use is we already missed most
of the movie we go to the theater and
they let us exchange him but I was like
the action was we could have saw we
could have saw it in 3d right then yeah
I came back the next damn day we had a
ton we had a really tough call to make
our local theater was only playing it in
3d and the other option was Drive Oh God
I don't want it like we and we can walk
to that theater yeah
or drive 20 minutes to see it at the FNX
Theatre and so I was like all right
we'll see it well I'd Drive the 20
minutes that's like if I stop seeing
movies at my local theater it might stop
existing so it's like I gotta go there
every once in a while kind of let him
know I don't want to see this in 3d oh I
wrote them an email you wrote them in
email yeah it was not happy that I wrote
them in me no no that was the right
thing of course it was the right thing
like I'm a customer and I need to make
this decision
absolutely yeah I felt like I felt bad
but you know not bad enough not to write
it so where'd we leave off I blame five
so you're on this I use your name for 31
fucking months in a row lavender or
lavender lavender dark nights tell a
frank 82 which is about 12 years too
soon for the first tell afraid ever
alien Oh seven says beautiful dark
sci-fi neo-noir
nope lol robot Judge Dredd shoots dick
for me please all right 'get on for 33
fucking months in a row seven of
Borgnine says help me Rhonda help help
me Rhonda help me obi-wan to help help
me Rhonda get her out of my heart
slosh from DuckTales
for thirty one fucking months in a row
cat fool ooh and nobody else because
that was the last Oh doctor thank you
for subscribing to do fucking song as
fuck it just seemed like that was a to
talk thing situation right to
authorities alright
