Jun 21, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/162380759
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/162438655
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Eyr7zvqaiE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tqhy-I_Fb3M
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/877610345933578240

[Part I]
live and in color living color
Technicolor single oh in Anandi's kind
of world I'm glad I got my girls keep
your head up
alright keep your head up that's right
my homegirl standing to my left and my
right true blue we tight like glue yeah
check check check it out check check
check it out check check it out
did you never watch livin single I'm
starring her Queen this Latifah I have
literally never watched livin single
okay reruns all the time hey everybody
welcome I unfortunately do how I used to
watch that all the time you know it was
like livin single Martin and Moishe that
was like the the trifecta Saturday
afternoons
Moishe strange men
strange strange man hey welcome welcome
to the stream hi welcome welcome to the
stream yeah they're playing it again you
know what deal with it we are I'll tell
you what my original plan I want to do
something a little bit different yo I
wanted I wanted you to bring your PC in
so we could team up try to get Jays the
girls didn't happen I know you're you're
busy before you came here you know
unfortunately I've been running around
all day and I just hadn't been home and
I just you know like I've been driving
around all over the place I dropped off
stuff here I pick up stuff here and I
just didn't want my PC in the car for
that long I came so close like four
times to get a Jason kill yeah one time
I I was playing my already escaped yeah
it's like a really bad Jason and you
know what not to get you to off track
but like when it's it when you escape
and you don't even see Jason it's kind
of
waitwait when you don't even see Jason
well like no those are my favorite ones
that means I did a great job I guess
what I'm saying is there sometimes you
win in Friday the 13th and it doesn't
feel satisfying doesn't feel satisfying
if like the car drives by you and then
they stop and you get in the car
those are the ones that feel
unsatisfying sure but if I run around
and I get the parts together for either
the boat or one of the cars and I just
don't run into Jason I'm fine with that
okay no no I'd already escaped and Jason
like hadn't killed everybody yet and the
cops were called and like two people
walked out like the exit for like the
police so then I spawn is Tommy Jarvis
right by the police and exit where
everybody else is like a clusterfuck by
the police exit and Jason's trying to
kill people I noticed one of the one of
the players by the exit where I spawned
as Tommy had this winter oh I think
we're trying to get out that last-minute
kill like trying to get hits in on him I
just didn't it just didn't work so close
and like I've gotten his mask off a few
times and all of a sudden people start
freaking out like whoa whoa can we do
this can we do this do we know where his
Jackie's and then everyone dies just me
and one guy who was Tommy he didn't know
how to do it but I knew how to do it I'm
like follow me follow me is a plugin it
looks like it's plugged in is that other
thing you have plugged in try it let's
try this again
yeah since they've done the update we're
you know we're also playing this because
they recently updated it with fun new
retro NES Jason's oh wait is it sits on
I think was on OBS it wasn't
highlighting the game oh there you go
you're right
since the update and and they've patched
some of the issues that people were
having like some of the spawn locations
that where people were cheating Dutch
angle and camera might be a little bit
fucked up is the camera a little bit
yeah oh I can see it yes it's very
tilted
yeah yeah just start oh go to Jamie go
to what change this oh yeah of course
yeah shorten that one yeah in in a short
turn it that looks good and now like
swivel it more towards you more towards
you right there should be good use
push-to-talk yes yeah that's perfect
there we go
okay customize Jason and so if you go to
part three Jason change skin oh you get
quiet look at that adorable purple Jason
it's a nice novelty I like the music on
him you don't hear the music when you
play as him yeah yours you know as a
councillor playing against him yeah yeah
I think I think they as Jason you for
gameplay reasons you need to be able to
hear things yeah like you're in a cabin
and you hear a console like open a
window you you don't want music blaring
over that that makes sense
alright quick play quick play
motherfucker I've been having some good
friday the 13th games today yeah I've
been feeling really good a lot of
teamwork a lot of cooperation you know
what just a lot of good talking it's all
it's all about the group you get agree
agreed so much so like I you know
because we're we're doing this for the
for the next show for the next prereq
which I need to talk to you about
filming by the way yeah we'll see this
is gonna be a busy week I know
hint things are going on thing busy
we're doing a very busy week I want to
see if I can forget sneak it into
but I want to see if I can trust you
people all those pings are awful oh my
god that's fine just find a new now okay
you're gonna trust him we have hundreds
of people probably watching this right
usually hundreds I mean we can see how
yeah hundreds sure what are the odds
they can keep a secret
what are the odds they can keep a secret
very slim slim very slim cuz if I hear
about this anywhere else I'll know how
it leaked I'll know I can't trust you
fuckers yeah but they don't care they
don't care
this is the trial you know what there's
the trust test you're giving them a
trust I'm giving them a trust test we
have we have 434 viewers right now rich
you're gonna trust for I am I'm 34
stranger I am oh my god I have
officially built a completely new wheel
of the worst fucking completely new I
repaired the old one yeah
but fuck it yeah fucking I got I got
bigger ideas better right we can we can
do the better and you know what it's
fucking great you showed it to me the
other day and it's great it's fucking
great and that no and you know what
we're gonna start taking bets on how
fast that's on reddit now everybody know
that I never say anything again rich has
asked you to keep this under your hat
and if you want us to trust you then do
that all right if I hear about this
before the episode goes up I will no I
cannot trust anyone yeah
oh Jesus Christ reddit has on reddit now
it's on reddit already yeah I'm sure god
damn it
then I never share anything ever again
pretty much ever again you fucked it you
fucked it oh no no okay
I didn't have you know what I didn't
think I thought all of your counselors
would have customized options already
and some of them didn't and I was trying
to quickly customize trying to quickly
customize talking about this in the chat
before the stream had actually started
yeah yeah you know what I am
legitimately hyped for what you know all
these stuff gusto you excited about the
new stout no excited about the new
spider-man and excited about that new
Marvel movie yeah sure sure yeah I am
super fucking hyped for the ducktales
reboot like I am I am super fucking
height yeah
Oh could be could be anything Scrooge
McDuck yeah cuz you know the old voice
like is the voice of screwed for its you
I have your purple Jason okay look at
this everybody purple Jason by the way
not to know you know what I'm not gonna
be really your super hyped about
ducktales yeah you know though I talked
to you about this you know yeah scrooge
mcduck cuz you know uh the old voice of
scrooge for the last 40 or 50 years Alan
Young yeah died couple years ago right
right and if it wasn't dead he was like
really fucking old and what his voice
wasn't there anymore so the new was
scrooge mcduck is David Tennant but the
doctor the doctor David Tennant yes I
know what you fuckers are gonna try to
do get in the car well good luck
motherfuckers
good luck I was the phone app I see
someone over here
it looks glass it looks terrible but
you're glad they added it does look
terrible
oh yeah I I think if they were going to
do I understand this is something they
hastily threw together as a freebie yeah
as a we're sorry the servers have kind
of sucked if there were if they were
doing this right they would have made
him look pixelated it would be a blocky
Jason maybe I think it's cute just the
way it is look at his boots
he's got the boots it's oh my god this
house has no windows he'd be made out of
squares a whole bunch of squares cubes
and the animations would be dude yeah
yeah that'd be the way to do this that
would break the game even more and it's
already fair but you can't hear you
don't hear it when you play as him but
the music when you're a counselor
counselor Eddie's chasing you is great
well that's not the phone I was hoping
that was the phone what what is purple
Jason purple Jason is based on the NES
Friday the 13th game Jason had that
color scheme in the game
here's a little trick that pissed me off
when I found it you put two traps there
Oh God that pissed me to write the fuck
off oh oh hello someone in the phone
house you get them Jack you go you
fucker you didn't lock the door lock
around oh oh they just got one out the
window Oh
open this door to make it easier for me
oh I got my shift skull Thoma houses
hopefully got a new prereq fan tune in
tonight
they left Lincoln half of the bag and
nerd crew shout out to red one seven
five five four oh one F Wow Rick Berman
and Applebee's right
let's see what you got there let's see
what you got there
doobie sandwiches harlech ah I saw an
early Friday the 13th streaming for a
sane senior editor of a game site at a
child who kept interrupting her
my point is during your solo streams how
do you keep your kids from bothering you
during my solo streams I look look oh
yeah
nice eye and always that's why if I'm
ever doing a solo stream you'll you'll
notice that I start very very late after
my kids bedtime and usually hopefully no
boat oh my god I've been ignoring the
boat this whole time right sometimes you
just got to keep your eye on the boat oh
yeah look at that see they already got
some shit in here how do you know that
huh but it's down a lot of traps see you
see how the propellers down okay that
means they use your sense and see who's
looking for the stuff there you go oh my
god
really Oh Chad come here Chad what are
you doing
oh that was nice of him nope I love it
when the bodies fly look the bodies hit
the fruit let the bodies hit the woo
okay we're gonna go check out always the
car oh no not a lot of work done on that
old car there I see all eight of the gas
on you don't know you don't know you
know what I'm gonna do a little work
ahead of time here yeah that's the smart
thing music cuz you know what they're
gonna be buy this car they're gonna want
to go in here you doing great jack oh
great you got your murder on ah you know
it's been so up my my jay-z oh look
there's just no getting around here
you're Jason drought is over my Jason
drought is over the first time I play
tonight but any any kind of achievements
it's the only helping me out because
we're playing on my account that's not a
murder people I win no matter what
whoa you okay I'm fine
okay great fine some blue guy in chat
says was waiting for your next stream
for a tip I forgot to give in response
to the Beyond Good and Evil 2 trailer
yeah so take a page from Jay's book
they're thinking about it is she fucking
that monkey no nobody's thinking about
that you are he's your pervert
apparently apparently just some pervert
like he was thinking about it
the boat oh the bow you knew you knew
how the radio I got distracted and the
boat got away oh I feel like a jackass
now wait does that mean my trap has been
sprung what trap if it's a read does it
mean my trap has been sprung I'm not
sure in that I know you hear the noise
okay I don't know I don't know if you
hear it when they disable it with the
pocket knife though oh yeah oh they're
stock stock they can hear your sweet
music though hello oh shit they're
worried they're working together been
working together rich but I'm gonna kill
him wake up wake up dickhead let's go
anonymous says rich said Jack played
vanquish wrong and Commons said similar
things about you guys and Bayonetta yeah
maybe Platinum is great at making games
but terrible at explaining how to best
play them that could be man if only they
had developed the game oh shit all agree
to that that could be that was that was
a great shift that was a great shift
yeah well you know what I hit the rocks
and Tony I I you went like a perfect
circle I had to I had to do you tune
real quick
hi I hit him I hit rocks that I knew I
couldn't get over so then I had to make
a call rich don't close the door on me
you dickheads first I'm gonna close the
door on you
oh and they'd like to see if more found
more found use the teleport just go
right outside the window
like go it like a micro fraction of them
knows you're behind you I think you went
the wrong side of the house you looked
at the wrong point on the arrow oh and I
turned oh man I'm failing I'm failing
rich its back it's it's active again you
can use it
what are you guys thinking hi backseat
well I'm just trying to help
he's helping no rich is helping we
already know at least at least one
person got away in the boat you can hit
uh up on the d-pad and you can find out
exactly it'll say who this game oh sure
just wanted to check yeah this one I was
check if there's any yeah punches head
up that's one of my favorites that was
one of the first ones I bought Oh
disable the phone she doesn't know huh
he doesn't know she doesn't know she's
gonna die she doesn't know you D fix the
phone Ida fixed it what's that mean
you can't hear me you can't hear me
where is yet she walked outside I think
you think I heard the window
oh oh shit oh she fell into my trap
again where's where's the phone in that
could be the trap by the car oh I guess
it could be how much shit that's right
hey use your vision use your vision she
outside huh did the trap killer oh I
wonder No
whoo that was a close one positive nilus
hey pac jacquard and itch ravans I'm
planning on making a documentary kind of
in the spirit of the Odyssey have you
guys got some tips as to what I should
avoid doing happy midsummer solstice
well I have zero experience making
documentaries myself Jack do you have
any documentary tips you have murder
tips right now and I think you should
focus on just grab Oh bullshit
oh you're that's worth shit that was
horseshit I was right there that's what
you get did I win nope barely not anyone
around here
I'll ask Jack about the documentaries
later no shit take out some more ok
documentaries you know I always they say
I always have an idea of the story you
want to tell but you can never be
attached to that story
that's just what they say the people who
would say stuff ok because like you find
the story while making it is is the
general consensus come on
so don't have preconceived story notions
well you know you got it you have to
start somewhere right where is this guy
hit up on the deep end how many are left
even is just one yeah this one I guess
I'll just take out this
power thing over here and you know we'll
just keep taking out power Stefan look
form and shoot is so much footage you
need like you know like a normal film
you know you have or you know like for a
video you have 40 hours of footage and
you only end up with one hour yeah it's
like 10 times after documentaries you
just need a million things you over here
yeah we're yeah you hide probably is one
of those perks where you hide
I guess we'll check the campsites right
uh yeah check the outskirts check the
bags if you have all the power
generators down eventually the fear
should overtake them and they'll show up
easier yeah but floss 21 says rich and
Jack hope you guys check out the
Wolfenstein the new order before the new
Colossus comes out
I planned to it's not as fast paced as
doom 2016 and functions as more of a
hybrid / prototype but it's still great
actually I plant it when I played first
though was I played actually brutal
Wolfenstein 3d oh yeah right I was gonna
brutal doom oh I know I should have
waved but I want to get to you I get it
I totally understand
come on oh thank you
the William Meister says hey Jack and
rich hi little late to the stream so I
apologize if you already discussed this
should that's on the double whammy of
Daniel day-lewis retiring and Lord and
Miller getting axe from the Han Solo
solo movie well you know what I really
like about the ducktales reboot they've
given Huey Dewey and Louie like you know
different personalities this time they
have different outfits they have
different running animations and you
know the character of Webby doesn't seem
as annoying as she used to be that
seemed sighs and you know what here also
the thing about the doctor mister oh my
god him David Tennant mr. David Tennant
is that he is Scottish it's a legitimate
accent this time around yeah I think I
think it's gonna be good in the part
he's hiding under a bed rich just
killing time oh I think I'm close
goddammit
making me work for it he's making me
work for it oh never mind dad I thought
you got that bed I thought it totally
thought you already had that bed is it
going to be 3d animation or 2d 2ds they
actually have the the intro on line
already you know what that's a good
right it's so disturbing seeing not
retro Jason in these cutscenes okay no I
think that's great I think that's great
David Tennant is a is a is a fine actor
he's gonna be a fine voice for it I do
you know what I'll talk a little bit
about Loren Miller
oh okay I'll talk she has to look about
Lauren Miller one like how surprised can
you be after after Disney got rid of
fucking Edgar Wright right you can be a
little more surprised because Lord
Miller literally the only movies they've
ever made have been adaptations and all
of their movies are incredibly
successful and critically acclaimed yeah
so at this point you're just like let
these two guys who make adaptations and
their adaptations make money do their
thing right but at the same time Disney
has their thing if they're not
comfortable working with directors like
this has happened before
yeah we can't be surprised yeah Daniel
day-lewis I don't care that he's not
acting anymore I'll be honest what they
like he's made fine yeah he's made some
really good movies I wasn't able to
change my counsellor god damn it
Oh AJ's fine yeah
no here's the thing
Darkwing schmuck says Lord Miller aren't
on rights level Edgar Wright doesn't
have a lot of commercial success so from
Disney's perspective it made a lot of
sense to accent Lord and Miller have a
ton of commercial success with
adaptations so it actually makes it less
sense for Disney to fire Lord Miller
Edgar Wright has made fantastic movies
phenomenal phenomenal movies I'm not
dissing on Edgar Wright I'm just talking
about the box office we're talking about
the box office Edgar Wright has more
commercial success than Laurie Miller
and live action sure if you if you
discount if you discount the lego movie
and clout the cloudy movies why would
you why would you is the question why
would you that's a great question and
and all of their 21 Jump Street movies
have been successful all of their oh I
think they only did two of them maybe
more
so it's weird it's weird it's weird is
what it is the last note that rich won't
care about but we'll we'll say it
because maybe it'll maybe don't annoy
him they announced who the villain is
gonna be in this in the venom carnage
right by the car rich that's the yellow
car it'll be fun
yeah but he doesn't know what the card
is all right you know what's good about
her stealth character he comes by the
car hide crime hide until he puts his
traps and goes away yeah you're right
and he won't have his vision yet anyway
yeah it's carnage okay okay yeah yeah oh
yes we planning on watching the venom
movie for some reason Tom Hardy oh I got
gas rich but I'm gonna be courteous and
I'm aiming for the four seater get out
keep searching the houses fine find keys
yeah but I'm just going to head towards
the four seater there's a house down
there that nobody's gonna check that one
do you're right that's north sorry I'm
bad that's backseat gaming that's not
that is backseat gaming and I apologize
that was but you I mean and I can see
that you're right
that I should go and check this oh do
you by the way do you know and I haven't
looked this up yet don't know how to get
the pamela tapes i found none of I've
never found one of them some people say
you can only find them playing on Friday
I just listened to him on YouTube and
it's fine they're not that exciting oh
no I know I just want to I just want to
know where they are I I assume I've seen
I don't know if it was faked I've seen
images of them just being a drawers
let's play you check the house just wait
check the house I told you to check
o-m-g we got cast we got keys we are
heading to that four seater motherfucker
check the objectives did somebody get
the battery in Iran
maybe you're right now just Tommy well
we got Tommy calls so that's pretty good
like and I will say usually for me oh
hello usually for me like you know
finding this stuff is good but it's all
about that fuse box all about starting
that cop countdown Pamela Anderson the
Pamela Voorhees Jason's mother aka the
killer in Friday the 13th part 1 stay
calm stay calm that's fine I can get out
of here I can get out of here it's fine
I saw him he's over by the car doing his
car thing he's not even he's not even
looking over here we're just gonna take
a little jaunt over to that four seater
and so there are there are hidden tapes
somewhere in the game yeah and I don't
even know where to look for I just think
they're comically rare oh sure and that
could be that could be and it sits there
like I think there's a there's a
psychiatric tapes of yeah I'm aboard
he's talking yeah yeah she's talking to
the police like right after her son in
his drown like they're dredging like the
lake looking for him he's not officially
dead yeah they're searching and she's
free she's freaking out in the police
tapes and she eventually devolves to the
point where she's like I'm going to kill
all of you shit I'll just let Jason kill
that person but here's what we're gonna
do here here's the smart play I'm gonna
put the gas by the car now it's probably
smart and then fine and then look around
some more so so Jason thinks that no
one's working on the car Oh batteries oh
my god nevermind
shit what oh come on
well you lose the gas is there I was I
was mid drop animation when it flickered
so I could I was mid drop animation it
was it was a nice attack I had my plan
rich yeah that was a neat kill oh they
don't know they're carrying they're
gonna carry that gas all the way there I
didn't have a walkie-talkie I couldn't
tell him there's hopefully hopefully
they'll find your keys oh yeah my keys
are my body but they don't know that the
keys are there they don't know the gas
is there either oh this is a disaster
for the counselors a disaster no no sigh
Richard the counselor there's only one
left
Oh kill he killed buzzy yeah that was
quick oh man this is a good Jason right
here this Jason is up and with throwing
knives he killed the last one oh yeah
yeah well I'm gonna take it I'm gonna
take a little breather here and work on
some perks for some other people I'll
tell ya I like to go at one of two ways
yeah I like to go nerdy girl because she
has she's great she has good stealth and
she's a quick fixer yeah that's super
important yeah or I like to go either
long haired blonde dude firm a muscle
his stamina is so fucking awful his stay
on is awful but his muscles great it's
only it's like yeah if you're going for
a killer well but you need a
well-rounded team you need a muscle to
stun people while someone else fixes the
car
this is true this is very true but if I
were working on my own like if I'm not
in a group if I'm not playing with a
group yeah AJ or the nerd girl sure but
you know what you have to go into this
and
like I you have to go into this thinking
that people are going to be talking and
like that's been the best cases where
it's like I'm a really fast person so
I'm like I'll go to this house and
search it out and I'll meet you back
here oh here's the gas can you should
have this because your character has the
better stats you give me the bat and
I'll watch your back I what I'm what I
might do is I well what I do do is I
wait until I find a good group winner
and then maybe I'll think about changing
my character to a group to a team player
sure
till then I'm a J or nerd girl and your
nerd girl doesn't have any of your stats
okay well I'm here yeah yeah yeah
carsten time decrease that's pretty good
you got some good epic ones what's this
one start with walkie-talkie increase
range your voice that's not bad
certainly not great not grow no not
great I wouldn't I like this one I use
this one a lot
increase the radius of the firecrackers
that's a good one I have not played
around with it much but oh it's great
because Jason is not used to that
what's your plan with her if I choose
her yeah so she's a stealth er and a
repairer so I might want to look for
something that can get me some more Dan
oh no do you have the one where if he
drops you get a stamina boost yes this
one and then we got to up her stealth
one where's the one where if you crouch
you're hit you might be hidden I don't
think I don't know that I have that one
I don't think I have a corruption one oh
this is a good on less chance of being
detected by Jason's sense while indoors
I don't have that one that's a great one
I have the one where if you're crouching
I'm fond of this one look at that
fucking purse edge reduce feet oh my god
that's great I got I got a thick-skinned
which isn't bad but maybe less so for
her also as part of the update and we
got to update that oh you totally have
to update the yeah they released some
new outfits oh look at that
oh you know what no I have I think I
have her black jeans oh yeah look at
that way better shoes purple no not
bright enough wait I got I got purple
pants for her they kind of work with the
darker with that that other sweater hers
yeah yeah
oh there we go bright blue purple pants
now go up and the other sweater the
other of the new sweatshirts I think
that's a great look for her you know
what that's a nice outfit rich I'll
accept that I'll accept that that is a
very nice outfit as a very nice outfit
he's my bruiser let's see here increase
melee attack yeah oh yeah yeah that's
pretty good all right I'll take that
we'll take that don't you know we'll
find a nice outfit for him whatever you
just got you got a lot of jackets let's
see here it's got a lot of it let's see
what are the new ones I like this one
look at that that's ba right there boom
that's bad ass let's get some nice kicks
kind of kick so we got here whoa look at
that a little splash of bright blue teal
never mind teal you get to play dress up
I mean yeah he's afraid of why yeah
that's why I have that for him
Oh Mike axes do you have the bat one
there's one where you start with a bat I
think I have it I think it's that one
increased male a stunt I'm on Jason with
it all I see there we go take this thing
John I don't care about that I don't
care about that she reduced quicker go
one look at the one let's use two mid
Spurs that and thick-skinned is actually
not a bad combo you're like a tank
nice these are good perks yeah you got
good perks rich look at look at my CP
huh oh I see no and you know everybody
this weekend is getting that massive
seat I'm gonna have 20,000 to spend it's
gonna be great increased chance of
stunning oh here we go
so so we got increased stunt time on
Jason with a baseball bat and increased
chance of stunning Jason her if you want
that's my jam oh I know night all is
good on all done er yeah but if you're
going full-on combat go to the one with
the
weapons you might be able get into like
another hit in before it breaks
you sure alright if you want to go full
on min max yeah know that like my job if
I choose him he's the stunner like yeah
other people will fix stuff I'll just be
there to keep Jason at bay
alright I really planned for him okay
great
anonymous says hello friends watching
old half in the bag
love that sequence with blankets old
colostomy bag and Mike and jave AMA ting
cream corn everywhere hmm that stuff fun
to shoot or more of a pain because of
the mess both it's very fun to shoot
yeah hey you're not so happy after the
fact oh yeah I want to say the Evil Dead
sequence was worse to clean it was
terrible to film too because it was cold
yes I remember covering and sticky cold
wet fake blood and it's already cold to
begin with that was awful and everything
is just slimy and sticky great sequence
Baghead Jason cuz we already saw this
one that's fine here but you're a bag
you're totally a bag head oh he's got
more traps and he has that he has that
cool one here's one of the greatest not
one of the I mean all the kills are
fantastic but here's oh yeah the good
one where you hit him in the side of the
head with your pickaxe and in turn yeah
an eighty degrees like I love that one
I love all the kills I think they're
great I think it's great
crane hand crisis just wanted to leave
you guys a tip for the fantastic stream
on Sunday keep up the good work we
didn't stream you're not gonna get in
this action no because then it turns
into a pissing contest and I don't want
to do
I'm not here for a pissing contest
okay Anonymous's now that the Han Solo
movie is having some production problems
I think a good story would be that he's
a prince but he ran away from home and
started his life as a rogue smuggler
Disney approved you don't have the new
duck tales that Donald Duck is gonna be
a part of the main cast and not just a
like an occasional guest star
interesting Muller he's gonna be there
every episode I have one of the main
cast
I haven't literally no particular
fondness for duck tales Richards I
cannot be excited it's the same guy
who's been doing the Donald Duck voice
for like 30 years
walkie talkie I can't be excited about
new duck tales rich
I just can't because I don't care about
duck tales I'm sorry I just don't I'm
really happy for you that you're excited
about new duck tales I don't know I
don't have a map as well we got here we
got a motor boat and we got a
four-seater motor boat for cedar I see a
house that nobody's probably checked
back here so we're gonna head in that
general direction
that general direction rich some blue
guy in chances
quick update okay on what there is no a
post on the rlm subreddit about rich
having made a new wheel and it's rising
on the subs front page the top comment
as of right now is we are horrible
people rich um some of you never sharing
anything he gave her again gifts people
this was my you know this is my test
yeah the fact that I made a new wheel
once that's mediocre news it's not so
exciting yeah right but now I know
you're all snitches yep yep never again
you've you've played right into my hands
I mean I know where I know where I stand
basically that's it now and so now
anytime there's news we're not going to
feel an urge to share it and that's on
you you could have had all the news you
could have had you could have been in
the nose yeah this could've end a little
secret Club yeah the secret Club yep you
know what's going on behind the scene
nope no not right now for that sorry
yeah okay there's someone fucking around
at the boat that's good there's someone
fucking around at the boat we might go
check out that boat situation see how
close we're getting oh we're getting
nowhere because nobody's got anything
alright never mind
I got me a wrench wrench doesn't have a
lot of reach but has a higher stunt
chance the old Ranchi pool here the
Ayatollah of rock and roll assist trick
rent I hate the overuse of the Klingon
bird-of-prey it was just a Scout class
ship far less badass than the Klingon
Cruiser and the Romulan warbird in the
TN this right this is a second point and
the Romulan warbird bird and TNG is the
coolest Trek ship design I agree the the
Romulan bird of prey our warbird sorry
the one Romulan warbird is badass but
that that Klingon bird-of-prey it's such
a beautiful design I don't I don't blame
them for overusing it ship out of here
out of here it's not chasing you huh
he's chasing them good I'm coming I'm
hoping he kills them
Oh mr. team player with the wrench is
not gonna go back and try and stun Jason
when he grabbed someone no a lot for me
I'm hoping he kills them because
while your lights on like he knows
you're there
it's already turned her out yeah yeah
where is it did he leave he's getting
out
what a terrible Jason what a terrible
Jason wasn't that that even the swim
fast Jason yes
no he might be yes no he might be
eight eight for sure part aid for sure
is a fast one yeah I think I think he is
too
well someone knew where the battery was
that's something who baseball bat you
link a link this is probably something I
have already yep
all right well maybe it's seven and
eight that are the good swimmers I know
if it's two or three of them that are
fast swimmers well it might be all three
might be seven eight all right a couple
of them have swim faster perks I think I
think all of the undead Jason's are fast
in water okay sure that would make sense
any parts good new parts
texas panhandle ever since I just went
and watch the new duck tales theme and
some clips from what I guess is the
first episode Tennant sounds great but
the voices of the nephews feel off to me
Donald sounds perfect though yes because
it's the same Donald's because here at
last yeah 30 or possibly 40 years he's
my age of 30 if he's but a long time
yeah good for David 10 still working oh
shit why are you over here Jason because
your your your buzzy and he makes so
much fucking noise he stands out like a
fucking beacon Oh what what yeah camera
fucked I was on this free wish I was
almost free that's a good kill that's a
fun kill I wish you could see it yeah
you went off you went off alone after
your after your team player wrapped with
a character who's designed to work good
in a team I know I know I know I'm so
sorry everyone I failed you
three people afford people left Wow
three people in a and I uh Anna Tommy
telling me I was gonna call him Billy
that that did not sound right
that does not sound right hey rich yeah
while we're hanging out in spectating
yeah let's talk about one of the
greatest board game experiences I had
recently okay over Father's Day weekend
you know big group of us went up north
and had a great time and it's you know
these are people who play board games
and we played a game called captain
sonar have you heard of this board game
no here's my pitch to you for capita for
how awesome a game captain sonar is yeah
do you remember the the nebula space
battle in Wrath of Khan yes remember how
awesome that was yes two captains who
couldn't see each other yeah battling
that's what captain sonar is it's a it's
a tat it's a submarine tactics game okay
this sounds great and so what it is it's
kind of like battleship where you know
you move you have to move your submarine
along a grid and so does the other team
and there's a partition on OC and this
is the other reason why you don't do the
Batman voice is because then you're that
jackass that does the Batman voice
you know what what I want I don't think
it's Chris Jason the one that kicks him
away then throws the ax in his head
eight I love that gal that's a great
kill okay so there's a partition on the
table so neither captain can see the
other person's doohickeys then it's your
job as captain to move your battleship
and kind of be the leader of your team
yeah but you need to call out where
you're moving but the other team doesn't
know where you start you both have the
same map yeah and so you're going for
your turn you go we're heading north and
another person on your team is your
radio operator and it's just their job
to try to figure out where the other
team sub is like okay they they started
somewhere where they moved north okay
okay well remember that information and
then it's another person's job to like
handle all the resources like you know
your missiles it takes so many turns to
get ready your stuff has to break down
and you all kind of work together to
hide yourself and figure out where the
other team sub is and it's amazing it's
one it's a it was so much fun we had a
group of six three on each team and and
and it's supposed to be real-time action
like you're supposed to go all in the
real time yeah but we did it turn-based
because we were learning and we actually
like to turn-based a lot better than
real time because then you get to like
really slow yeah yeah like is this the
right call and everyone just goes I
don't know you have to make the call
captain you have to make the call we can
use the missiles but if we use the
missiles right we have to surface and
then they'll know exactly where we are
captain sonar is the game I'm talking
about and it's phenomenal game a
phenomenal game that will be hopefully
showing up on my doorstep soon I was I
was just about to purchase it from
myself cuz we had a great times like
this is a game we would all love playing
and then Lisa goes don't I haven't
bought you a Father's Day present yet
and she just went and bought it I was
like when this Father's Day weekend yeah
I was like that doesn't count as a
presidency like nope I bought it before
you it surprises a Prez
oh my god that's what I said I said that
doesn't count Oh check that doesn't
count as a Father's Day present
Oh Jack no later later on she gave me
the best Father's Day present which was
she agreed to drive home from up north
so I could well drink because we were
still doing stuff the Sunday morning and
I was like I was like you know but I
usually drive and we had some beer left
I was like yeah and you mind driving
home and you know it's a few hour drive
and she's like I'll Drive home so you
can day drinking is it great
great oh I should get ready
so yeah you shouldn't you're starting
with six people more people might join
mom says Jack you wind up late at night
to a phone call someone's kidnapped rich
they say if you don't pirate everything
Might Be Giants album and give it to
them they'll send rich in pieces what do
you do well why do I have to pirate it I
already own every day Might Be Giants
album so I could just give them a copy
of my fucking life was on the line here
Jack yeah yeah you want me to go to jail
for your life okay yeah I guess that's
fair yeah no I mean like it's Rich's
life of course or any fun but also
here's the thing
yeah you should never negotiate with
terrorists no you just give in to the
demands and save my life
but that just encourages them and others
to do the same rich just someone else
yes yes and we have no guarantee of
yourself how do we have any guarantee of
your safety right I am so I am so
so taking over these group of kidnappers
I'm gonna become their leader and we're
coming for you that's what we're doing
why because I stick close to my
principles you're welcome get away
the big house no no no car no car he
might not come here might not what's the
phone boxes there right dobo sam says
Jack how did you start freelancing how
did you self note and did you have your
own gear
at first I did not have my own gear at
first we me and the people I was making
stuff with we rented we rented gear
there there's a local place here in
Milwaukee and you had reasonable rates
and they were pretty yeah I mean and I
you know actually like fur at first
first you know we just shot on our own
janky-ass camera but then by the time by
when it came time to make real stuff we
rented our camera equipment and that
works for seeing people miss a battery
behind the mattress in this room it's
like lying on the ground sure okay oh
yeah no sometimes the letters can be
spent half the game looking for a
battery and when I was spectating I
watched somebody walk in this room and
then leave and I but I was spectating I
saw it there there it is but you can't
tell them no yeah I gotta be careful cuz
and you know like in your head you're
like okay I'm looking for gas can but
sometimes you see like you're looking
for that thing and you see a house like
oh this is already been checked there's
drawers open oh yeah you can't trust
people to be good at searching shit
though oh well and you know especially
this early in the game even if something
searched like they might have they might
already have a map but you don't so you
just gotta go in a number of times I've
been like oh they just walked right past
the gas can or here's an entire fucking
dresser they didn't search right oh here
are the car keys right
well we get to hear that great music
what's your plan huh what's your plan
okay see you on the map now see if he
thinks I'm here yep shit I gotta jump
out a window damn it oh wait now I got a
pocket knife inside suck it Jason I was
so dark in here now if only I had a
flashlight yep um gobo Sam went on to
say rich thanks to the Farscape
recommendation and did that laugh ever
get you in trouble
don't say it got me in trouble it's
annoyed people but anchor where you
going bro I have no plan that's why you
don't use buzzy unless you have a group
you're working with he's got me he does
well I can hopefully I can just distract
him long enough so other people can do
something Oh sneaky bastard oh the lame
kill
that's the worst kill lame that's the
worst uh I had no I had no plan and I
didn't have any resources behind my
pocketknife
okay so freelancing rich yeah yeah so we
started off renting and and that that
got me through a couple jobs uh-huh
that got me through maybe a dozen jobs
you know because what I oh okay because
what I would do is I would line up my
shoes you know and I'd say okay I'll
just shoot for you know like okay I got
this job I got this job I got this job I
got four shoots I need to do that's
going I'm going to do those four shoots
in three days
all right and so I will rent that camera
for three days export all of my footage
and and you know return the camera and
that that lasts me for a while then we I
we I got incredibly lucky god damn it
it's so dark
we got incredibly fortunate with with a
bigger job with a client we got we got
really really lucky with a bigger job
and I was able to take that money and
buy a nice camera and that rolled into
more jobs and more Jeff and you know as
far as self-promotion that's always
that's always gonna be tricky
no he's way over there oh my god to see
car I'm kind of ready right it's not
looking good no it's not it's not
looking good at all well then this Plan
B but find a female gofer kill find the
check you know what there's a big empty
space over by the graveyard let's have a
go ahead check out Lu one of the spots
and spawns by the graveyard yeah well
mood point until you got a female
counselor who can put on the sweater
sure but how did he just go scope it out
while he's killing other people okay so
self-promotion this is really really
tricky and I usually err on the side of
who not doing it check south of the
graveyard you see the the trail the
little trails on the map mm-hmm behind
you actually oh no I'm just looking
around and just seeing I'd just got a
help this spring all right I'm exploring
the grant be a jerk just I'm exploring
the crater to see if there's anything in
here like a stick I can't use a stick
like a stick I can't use this thing I
have a shotgun kind of like on the right
sure yeah and artists there it is
okay so now I'll point for you to go on
oh no I know I'm not going in there okay
there's a person down by this car
so we'll go we'll go check on them we'll
go see what they're up to
walkie talkie I found Jason's Shack it's
to the south of the graveyard if we want
to go for a Jason kill Shane piece wait
happenin we're still talking about
self-promotion oh I'm sorry I keep
getting distracted
yeah yeah generally speaking and I think
rich will agree with me on this
self-promotion is usually usually comes
across negatively let's chop down the
door
by sucker there's another person over
here
great shit over here
nope messing with someone else he's
messing with something else going inside
that house to kill them huh well I you
know what I gave him some extra time
that's all I could do use my shotgun to
I could have used that to save me mad
trap strats
Oh shame pcs I thought you were gonna
help me out with the self promotion
thing oh wait what am I gonna help you
out what am I supposed to do you're
supposed to agree with me that self
promotion is generally frowned upon oh
yeah you never want to be the person to
say how good you are at the thing you
are doing because it will always come
across like you're a jackass like you're
a jackass that person is burning to the
shack they've probably already got the
mask off and you're doing you're doing
nothing
you think yep no they're not running
other dead there's evidence you weren't
helping them I shot Jason I helped all
the time I helped all the time and they
Illya what what did they do for me they
died so you come across as a jackass the
that yeah the best thing you can do to
grow your business is to do good work at
reasonable prices and then you have to
trust a little bit inward mouth and you
know what there's a difference between
telling people what you do in self
promotion of clothes we have that car
just gas in a Kia huh anybody dead
around here yeah that person who died up
north get out of here build for cedar so
when you are growing your business
somewhere up there I don't know if they
know this one
in or near that house they probably ran
out of a house before they got murdered
so yeah you can do good work and if you
do good work
hopefully it rolls into itself
try not to self-promote too much that is
the end of the self promotion
now we may move on okay big guy um same
feces enriched hearing you so excited
about ducktales make me think you might
like a show called gravity falls I know
you can't recommend it shit all the time
but this show is similar in tone and
very very good I've heard about it
should have that show a shot at some
point I think I've seen an episode of
gravity falls but - I have kids so you
know all the cartoons start to blur -
where is that dead body
they ran north they probably ran to the
shack thinking you'd be there to help
them kill Jason that's my guess digging
around the house I don't know what
something I don't have anything I have a
health spray Richie that's all I have
I have nothing you have an accident
dream that's that's all I'm going on
right now where is this person oh there
we go there's a dead body hey I wasn't a
female counselor anyway all sorts of
stuff are those keys this is why ya look
for dead bodies and another helps free
the bodies were fine okay now we just
need some gas
ready Oh get radio and I have keys and
we need gas I have keys the four-seater
just needs gas there's anybody else
alive there's one other person alive you
should go to them okay go Tommy Jarvis
go
uh optimist no optimist no says have you
guys seen Batman and Bill the new
documentary about the quest to have Bill
Finger recognized as co-creator of
Batman it's available on Hulu and
Netflix right now thanks oh that sounds
like a great documentary oh yeah oh this
one a great documentary I've not heard
of it though I am familiar with Bill
Finger and his contributions he
basically created Batman
right I remember the stories okay we
have nobody left and no gas bill Kane
was drawn something stupid like a red
helmet and Bill Finger why don't you do
something like a bat and hey you like
the drew Hank you've given little is in
this cape it's got these little batwing
like things at the bottom they basically
just designed Batman just then like a
whim nice and then then built what's the
same Bob Kane okay took all of the
credit and all of the fortune and then
when the Superman creators Judge Joe
Chester Shuster and was the other one
John Shuster and Campbell Campbell no I
can't think of his name anyway when they
were trying to sue DC for like the
rights yeah well you know DC created
Superboy against their will instead of
like a lying with them Bob Kane just cut
some kind of like separate deal with DC
and that's that's why he eternally gets
credit you know Bob King creator of
Batman over everything Batman related
what a dick Bob Bob Kane we need your
help and Bob Kane she's like fuck y'all
oh fuck y'all she figured out the other
last name yet Jerry Siegel Thank You
Chester and CJ mr. Seagal you it yeah oh
yeah I've been it for a while and so I
don't even know I'm floundering shit
alright motherfucker let's do this
Oh what I was mid-swing oh that jaya
jason has a reach that is approximately
four inches longer than you think it's
going to be I think it's ping is a big
factor in that though oh yeah
yeah you're probably right it can seem
worse than it is if you've got a shitty
ping see yeah I want yeah I want him to
be purple and blue in this - that'd be
funny
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo jaggers's
red somebody kidnaps jack and tells you
to choose an animal that you would like
to become or he dies what animal do you
choose LOL recharge moji go cruise
something human I would choose human
candy for crows says hey guys here's two
dollars for the Sun prereq to e3 2018
fund nothing seems funnier than hearing
rich scream oh my god during every
Microsoft exclusive video keep up the
great work we don't you don't you don't
need to we don't need to we won't I
wouldn't want to I don't like large
crowds of people I'm not a big fan of
large crowds of people and I don't want
to sit through those boring ask
conferences right just so I can hear
what the shit they're releasing is right
right the shadow is greater than Batman
in theory the shadow is greater than
Batman I'd love to see I'd love to see a
proper the shadow film yeah I'd love
that I think I think the share the
shadow you you give a director with a
strong stylistic sense a shadow story
that got cools fuck just like a gritty
detective but with some mystical shit
happening
yeah awesome I want that I want it bad
that was called darkwing duck wait a
minute I don't think that was gritty a
movie anyway you excited for the gritty
darkwing duck cgi movie absolutely he's
gonna team up with the gritty Howard the
Duck yeah it's gonna be directed by
James Gunn and everyone will love it
inexplicably oh oh Darkwing I do i watch
dark wing Doug that was fine fine what's
arguing duck I again have no like
there's no like there's no hate for
darkwing duck but it was just like I was
fine that's funny I remember there is
now no good reason that Howard the Duck
can't appear in the new duck tail show
they're all owned by Disney now yes they
totally have Howard the Duck appear in
duck tales absolutely and have him have
them like show up with a dimensional
portal thing so it will be the same
Howard the Duck he could officially be
from the Disney universe that could be
where he comes from now yes yeah he
could be like he could like teleport in
from the MCU no nobody got a way around
that's how he gets to the MCU it can
happen in an episode of ducktales all
right I'm down
look at this outfit that's a great
outfit
I don't see what gonna happen here let's
see what we can make happen here we got
what we got got a fat load of nothing so
far on the shelf
I'm kind of near car but I should be far
enough away where Jason's not gonna
listen if around how should I respond to
that the anonymous know them that one
the guard oh I don't know come on guys I
don't know
come I don't know man sometimes
sometimes walkie talkie anonymous says
guys what did you think of Wonder Woman
and the lack of a superhero theme during
the no-man's land seemed do you agree
that it needed a Superman type theme
like John Williams would have written no
I didn't know
no it did that action sequence was
wonderful just the way it is the fine
scene was fine movie you've seen water
woman yeah we could talk about water
waters I don't have I don't have that
much to say it was just a fine movie
it's fine it's a fine movie that's the
thing to say about it you go is a fine
movie I just checked it I find something
I find one thing about it really really
interesting okay in the DC Cinematic
Universe now okay
Christianity is definitively false and
the one and true correct religion is
Greek mythology and Zeus that is
incredibly true Zeus who created
humanity's and Ares who we saw on screen
we saw we actually saw one of these gods
on screen yeah this is not myth yeah
that is incredibly true rich and
hilarious every movie you see in the DC
see you
Jesus is false
for all for all of zack snyder's Jesus
imagery Jesus is false in the DC
extended Cinematic Universe very true
that is very very true I think that's
great
could it be that Zeus created Jesus I
suppose that's possible yes okay man
trap strats that's great but yeah no no
man's no man's land which is the action
scene I've referred to as the greatest
action sequence in any DC movie and
three of them are terrible yeah this is
such a low bar well I also know also
better I'll put that better than a
better action sequence than anything in
Doctor Strange anything in ant-man I
haven't seen either of those so I can't
compare fuck it's a fantastic action
sequence it was an action sequence that
why when it was over I said fuck yes
whoo guess we got some gas
what what car are you at I'm currently
going to the four seater with Jason hot
on my tail
oh yeah I see that you're just passing
us yeah well I guess we're going to the
four seater I'm gonna show everyone how
much of a big - I might take that take
the backwards way over here dude you
what you do you jack but not upset Star
Wars Star Wars Star Wars Star Wars
ducktales Star Wars AIDS 9/11 riches
diabetes - an alcoholic I hate Jagger
what happened to girl at least you get
money for tips lol yeah that's all true
one of these Chasen's believe in traps
gas is in yeah we got a stun you got a
son really what I got a runaway from
Jason you gotta drop the firecrackers in
front of the car and put the battery in
while the firecrackers were active you
even have the firecracker perk oh shit
that's right my character does not do
that I'm gonna sneak around so Jason
won't know I'm coming rich I was
panicked I was panicked
oh no Tiffany's doing it drop the
firecrackers sprout the firecrackers put
the battery in who has the keys did
Tiffany have the keys
yep Tiffany oh please no let's pray
running away mum devil what get in that
car get in that car get in that car I
don't have the key oh fuck you who has
the key oh there we go there we go
I don't know where Jason is okay there
we go there we go
where is Jason he's waiting he's gonna
meet you somewhere along the way oh that
was so close did you see him he's out
inside the car
stay straight on this road
in a way at the main road it's right or
left it's about the same dealer way no
you you give very bad advice and I
almost think you're doing it on purpose
almost cuz Jason fucked up what the fuck
was Jason doing fucking up totally
Oh Jason totally fucked up
okay here we go I don't have a weapon I
will be absolutely no help if we stop
can you back up
where is he I don't know I can't look
behind me it's really upsetting
Jason is in front of this is incompetent
stocks purse they do
this is happening this is happening we
are gonna back up all the way there I've
never done this before is this happening
is this happening what happens if you
back up into Jason your car stops oh
yeah yeah that's the classic reverse
exit right there the collective worked
hey whatever works totally work yep
try looking behind you I'd press the
look behind me button and it did not it
did not work I did try looking back you
know once you hit the exit once you're
no longer in control the car tries to
turn itself around yeah
that's odd yeah yeah one of my favorite
things to do is it's a really fun camera
glitch is right after someone exits
click away from them if you're
spectating and then click right back and
you can actually spectate them past the
boundary lines and don't worry I'll go
with gee I love it yeah my favorite is
on the boat because then eventually like
the boat hits ground just keeps going
under the ground oh yeah yeah I had a
really great one where eventually the
boat disappeared but Tommy Jarvis didn't
so Tommy it was like just look like he
was an invisible boat is great it was
great no man's land Wonder Woman
fantastic action sequence you know what
you know what I what I liked the most
about that action sequence month and I
think this is super important to all
superhero movies is the hero part of it
mm-hmm I think I think you know for for
a bunch of movies Guardians included
there is there's a lack of just the hero
doing something like heroic right okay
okay and so like that sequence was
really great because they spent the
whole movie
Dianna was kind of being told where to
go right like like oh you gotta go here
you got to do this yeah this and she's
like but I want to go to where I can
help the people now you got to go ahead
and do this
and finally she was like uh uh
girlfriend and she did her own thing
right to be fair yeah uh Steve Trevor
Chris Pine yeah he was trying to help
people of course he was but he's not
used to superpowers and for him the best
way to do that was to destroy the
mustard gas plant of course no and
they're like of course he was going he's
like we can save 10 people or we could
save a hundred thousand one of them was
like no I'm gonna save them all but that
was it was good and well and you know
what are they doing here yeah well and
you know what that's the other thing I
really liked about no-man's land is it
was also not only was it an act
basically Superman did with Superman
Wonder Woman did what Superman should
have done yeah in the movies exactly but
like it was also a character moment it
was a character moment through an action
sequence which made it so much better
yeah she was a better Superman than any
of the Superman we've had in the DC use
of yeah yeah except I mean like she was
around in fighting during world war two
so I kind of dropped the ball on that
one Wonder Woman first matically yeah
for you know the the kind of morally the
gray view of humanity and war that they
were the good and bad in war I think
they could not use World War two they
could not well you know the Germans
they're just trying to well yeah
you know they're evil yeah they're even
when we need to stop button okay so
here's the question so Wonder Woman
originated during World War Two right
right and she was she was I don't think
the US was in again like late 30s wasn't
Wonder Woman I think because the whole
the whole reason that she was wearing
the stars and stripe because she left
semeth Gura to help the great nation of
america against the evil germans
right and so how many meetings do you
think needed to be had before they
agreed that it shouldn't be World War
two how many meetings do you like Wow no
I think they got as far as the story
they got as far as the story because
this story would not work with World War
two sure I don't I don't think that this
is a cynical we don't want to seem too
much like Captain America the whole
point was these people are all fighting
each other and they're basically
fighting each other over nothing which
is World War one and this war is just
really fucking stupid why is this
happening you know that that's
thematically what is going on in this
movie yeah yeah they're talking about
this murky gray area like well sure
Americans what's the gradient look at
they did in the end yeah who's they're
all the bad guys you can't do that with
World War two there are clear
well-defined bad guys what I'm saying is
as whoever wrote the movie was was
pitching right how many times do you
think like wow but you know her
character came from World War two can't
we do a world war ii thing like how many
how many times are like well we have
this idea we have this idea for a story
about you know the the gray area of war
and you can't really do that with world
war ii yeah yes the end boss battle of
Wonder Woman was lame agreed but I would
say no lamer than any of the early
Marvel movies and less lame than Batman
V Superman or Suicide Squad or Batman I
wasted my Jason on pixel Jason with the
no traps it's got three fucking traps
thank you Jesus good five yeah most of
them have five like one of them has
three I felt like I only had three but I
could have been wrong I'm just used to
I'm used to yeah egghead
Baghead with all the traps a lot more
traps
Bill Wilson says Bill Bowes am weird
request okay could you both say could
you both just say hey Bill this is a
clip for your video diary at the same
time two camera would really appreciate
it how'd you feel about this diary Oh
diary
you were completely off sync yeah
purposefully rich it was a stylistic
choice I know I know and I'm sticking by
I brought it up after that because I
thought that added some sugar to our
night okay maybe wrong Anonymous's wait
they took twice the same thing and did I
just miss one at some point both are
possible you know I read that earlier
anonymous Oh Star Wars Star Wars Star
Wars Star Wars ducktales Star Wars AIDS
9/11 riches diabetes Mike's not the
holic I hate Jagger what happened to
girl at least you get money for tips lol
and I know I read that before I don't
they tipped it twice but it's at the top
my tip list so I read it
Jason be around here
Oh Jason be real close apparently wonder
woman loves Steve Trevor after four days
that's every action movie love interest
every single one male/female otherwise
also she's more upset at that by the end
of the movie than the dead general who
effectively raised her her other mother
if you want to read into the lesbian
subtext battery she's more upset about
Steve yeah then she is about somebody
who was effectively one of her parents
at least as upset well you know what
it's that's hard to say like in context
because like also like there was so much
other shit going on oh I don't have a
map yet yeah there's a four-seater right
here someone like you know also like
after the the stepmom died like she her
whole world just exploded right after
after Robin Wright died like she like
she just learned about this other world
she learned about a war she learned
about everything so I was like it's hard
to say where her mind would be at that
point I I did miss a tip from earlier as
far as her falling in love with Steve
also the first man she saw happened to
be fucking Chris Pine I'd found month
look at that okay here's the thing rich
you've never seen a man before you know
what if I never seen a man before the
first time I see men I'm gonna be very
disappointed let me let me go back to
these women
well yeah you all right you know what
Touche Touche look if I were Wonder
Woman yeah I would be the biggest
lesbian biggest lesbian go on a place
called Paradise Island filled with women
filled with yes yeah yeah and in fact
she makes a little oh she makes a little
uh lesbian joke which I thought was
adorable I missed that oh yeah yeah
naira man I know men aren't needed men
men aren't needed men are only needed
for reproduction well there's the other
thing yeah we can do that I know I guess
here's what I'm saying as far as her
falling in love with Chris Pine is
concerned she sees Chris Pine in the
full nude look and fine as hell then she
goes to England and sees all the
normal-looking dudes and she's like
alright I got you know what I won the
lottery
this ripped ass motherfucker this
fine-ass motherfucker floated on my
Island I'm good I'm good I don't need
anyone else who else is she gonna find
Chris Hemsworth is not in that universe
Crim's hat Chris Hemsworth ain't coming
there
and the main characters of the story
fall in love that's just movies yeah
that's every every movie ever made
oh god we're getting out of here the
blue prism said hey guys Jack and rich
what techniques do you use to manage
stress when facing a large workload in
many different projects
thanks for the good times as always I
don't have any techniques I just have a
lot of stress in my life it's miserable
fucking miserable
I don't know where I'm going you have to
let me know left head north young man
I think you have room for one more Jack
yeah are you here oh yeah I'm here I'm
here I'm a hero I'm a hero
there we go
well way to take the wind out of my
sails I thought I was doing pretty good
sorry how do you deal with stress when
facing a large product project we're a
large workload in many different
projects yeah yeah that's a tough
question I don't know that I do deal
with stress it just eats at me
it's very horrible for my health yeah
like usually what I'll do is I'll ignore
other areas of my life I'll start eating
like shit I won't sleep nearly as much
as I should
you'll know it's really bad when like if
my hair and my beard ever get really
really grown out like it's just like
fuck it I don't have the 20 minutes it
takes to shave but but that's that's not
it's not they're not saying how do we
respond to stress they're actually
asking us how we get over stress Ryan
you finish what you're working on that's
the only thing you can do is get you
have to keep working and get a little
bit of it done you would be surprised
what a little 20 minutes of quiet time
would do you though here's what I will
say like I'm not a meditator kind of a
big guy I'm not I'm not saying like you
should meditate but just take 20 minutes
in a chair with your eyes closed and
don't listen to anything like don't
listen to music don't have the TV on
background and just clear your mind for
like 20 minutes you will get back to
work
super refreshed and like raring to go
but take that momentum I get a small
thing done hey I just finished a thing
now I can do another thing another thing
another thing another thing so you can
do it you can do it we believe in you
see a lot of people stopped to watch the
best of the worst based on the comments
I knew best just came up I yeah then a
select series or whatever we're kind of
we did Hollywood cop yeah just Hollywood
cop interesting we've been talking about
this for a while if people if people
know that it's out now we've been
talking about came out during the stream
no come on
are you shocked are you shot just don't
give shit about this they don't give it
a fine then I'm gonna fucks a couple
hours is all we're asking for just a
couple hours a couple hours a week gosh
darn it now see it's the Jack trigger
choice it's not even as mean as microjet
fucking with us it's us not being on
their radar it's worse than that it's
worse than them fucking with us oh yeah
so select series where are you done oh
I'm out I mean I'm out they like a
little bit left so I you know what I
like finishing the matches you get that
XP man I know it doesn't matter for you
because your level 8,000 already close
to 50 yeah alright okay where we are
whiskers cuddles sense if i donated 10
grand would jack remake hey hey he he
dressed as a clown if you donated
$10,000 yes you would want me to remake
okay
does everything need to be remade
including the song that's the question
and no matter what the answer is yes
absolutely that would be so easy to do
for 10 bands so there is no question the
answer is just yes but well I guess I'll
need obviously some more feedback like
do you want you know do you want me to
to make the to remake the song or is it
just the video using the old song yeah
now for 10 grand that'd be that's I mean
duh okay what kind of a really easy
question frenzy says every day ends with
a tums festival what is that
it's from the best of the worst it's
from Hollywood County oh okay Brian
cruises
thanks for the solo what's your stream
Jack watched it while in hospital it was
my 36th month anniversary but I was
pre-fire cracked one month early by rich
for having cancer that's right thanks
rich
you're welcome I was having a good time
playing The Witcher funny can't you
someone wanted to know if they paid me
$10,000 if I would remake an old video
that people like to point out that is
bad even though I still enjoy it I still
like the hey hey hehehe
I make poo poo and pee pee song I think
it's funny good I think it's silly but
someone was asking if I would remake it
dressed as a clown and of course the
answer is yes but you know then like
there's just so many questions where
it's like do I would do I have to remake
every single shot you know ten grand for
ten grand yes so let's assume you have
to go all out for ten grand
well like you know like is this is this
a shot-for-shot you know there's a lot
of effects in it right there's a lot of
green screen so is this a shot-for-shot
remake or do I get to make a new
interpretation I think that's up to you
they're not paying didn't say they were
paying for editorial control I said one
single request to remake it right riot
crew also says also did you guys receive
the card game star realm
that I sent just checking to see that
you got it oh I did yeah I did get that
that is on my board game shelf whenever
we have board game night it is an option
okay red letter Medea says hey rich or
other man I guess that's me what would
have been your ideal story for a
Ghostbusters three aside from there
shouldn't have been one at all because
that's a lazy style of answer you guys
fall back on commonly that's the only
answer I have Ghostbusters is a perfect
movie it did not need more expansion it
worked because if who was in it the
performances they gave and an idea that
at the time was novel right like it
started going south at Ghostbusters -
yes that's not a lazy answer that's an
honest one that's my honest opinion I
have been against the idea of a
Ghostbusters three since forever since
forever every time dan Aykroyd used to
bring it up yeah and they were they were
gonna be the mentor starting a new
generation I said don't why would you do
that it's good it's going to be worst
worse no matter what you do yeah it's
not gonna be worth it yeah yeah and you
like it like I said like like everyone
says you saw that immediately when the
same group of people got back together
and couldn't quite reignite the farm
even though it was the same great people
right that's not a dodge that's just my
opinion right yeah exactly yeah Jordana
rich what if it was in the 90s and Bill
Murray was into a - they did it with
ghostbusters - which arguably is not as
good a movie as Ghostbusters also the
heart of the story in ghostbusters is
people starting a business right it's
not about the the ancient demon wants to
take over the earth plot that's like a
that's like a side story right right
it's about them creating
successful business thing they've
already done that
I don't care well I think the king of
the under realm in the part three should
look for the ancient tome of knowledge
and they have to fight yeah no no it
could be me it could be me it's Baghead
oh yes burn had to Jason's and one night
rich this is like this is like this is
crazy
okay okay mommy yeah I wouldn't make
them suffer her that's great I got a
little bucket over there buckets are
important wonder if the the tapes are in
here like if someone needs to go into
Jason's Shack to find the tapes Baghead
Jason go to the phone hello oh there's
someone in the house too hello
I'm here someone just locked that door
yeah shit happens
anonymous says dear rich and Jack thank
you for giving me an excuse to kick my
friend out of my house whenever you guys
go live you truly are the true bros keep
up the great work
PS hi Kat thank you why are you kicking
people out of your house when we show up
okay what happened he said he said he
kicked someone out of the house whenever
we showed up hello
I don't have my sense yet or my shift
but I see you here and I'm gonna chase
you down what'd you do look at the
running they were down that hill I
thought but I could be wrong use your
sense again don't have it yet you do no
oh wow you got far away I don't think
that's you that's a Vanessa
Vanessa's get far away Vanessa's get far
away oh hey the car thanks for leading
me to the car
going to trap young trap oh I put that
way too far away from the gas can and
the trapped oh the doors open
silly silly any work hardly matters huh
that door hardly Oh bunny boyfriend says
hey rich when are you finally gonna
shave your head I think it would really
suit you also can we expect a rich Steve
solo stream or have you already done one
I've already done one and for one thing
I don't think the shaved head would suit
me my head is too round I would look too
much like Charlie Brown for another
thing I can't do that with Jack having a
bald head we would be two bald men and
as I've said before it would look like
we were in some kind of cult together
yeah yeah we could we could never do a
show where two bald men who I'm gonna
get distracted I'm getting too
distracted oh you dick Beluga blue news
three five nine says hello from Alaska
again hi
finally catching a stream after my first
year at Central Washington as a music ed
major and you guys can play whatever
games you want us not the games you play
it's you guys thank you thank you very
much
oh but oh we got a pocketknife
I can never die red-letter Madea hello
rich and bad eyesight rich no do you
have any opinions on simon Pegg's anti
geek culture rant from a few months ago
i haven't heard the rant i would likely
agree with it cage says rich did Fred
Levin call you back and help you land
the plane have you ever heard back from
your crank calls no because of these
people probably well obviously it's a
it's a prank
and it's an obvious prank in both cases
and secondly whatever whoever has the
number now it's probably not wait what's
the front line the same Fred the vine
the same people or not I think one of
them was the same people anyway I've
never heard back from them this guy's
doing a great job of distracting though
this guy's doing a great job yeah you
know what I'm gonna let him be I want to
think he I'm gonna let him think he won
that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna give him a little breathing
room I'm gonna lay me some traps oh
hello trap trap trap trap trap trap in
the house you mentioned that the culture
is capitalism's way of mental
infantilizing the consumers my point
look I'm commerce shit because she has a
pocketknife
that's why you have a pocketknife
grabber grabber now she's just weakened
fireplace you can still go for whatever
it's too late oh no ow there we go this
is the one I want this is the one I want
cool and then oh oh it's not the head
twister I just got to level 20 yeah so I
am - is rich since you started cutting
your hair shorter you look right no need
for a shaved head
you're at peak hair for you I'm glad you
guys exist I'm full of vodka thank you
oh we're the cops I've been called shit
son someone just triggered my trap rich
know which trap though which trap
probably a car trap Oh who's trying to
put a battery in Oh wrong car shit wrong
car wrong car wrong car
they're putting a battery in the other
car
god dammit dammit whoa it's fine jack
it's fine I did it they put a battery in
there fine trap trapped all right I'm
not doing a great job killing people
I'll be honest with you that
incidentally that trap you put in front
of the driver's-side door yeah
useless what do you mean you can get
around that yeah will they know how to
get around it yes you you just once you
hit the a button prompt to get in the
car door you walk over the trap no
problem and you just get in the car okay
bitch I just want to kill this guy so
much you go after him when no one else
you have the power yeah I feel like he
knows what he's doing though
next I was just seeing if I could like
do anything against the table that was
quick considering he didn't have a
pocket knife a wonderful you did have a
pocket knife
no because you had the highlights come
up that doesn't happen if they have a
pocket knife oh he must have he must
have he might be using a macro no
there's also that perk that you can that
you can get out of a since Joe called
really easily oh he's fast too look at
him what a son of a bitch kill his ass
huh kill his ass
he is so fucking fast red-letter Madea
says hi jack and dick very very brief
guardians to thoughts loved it
I thought it's kind of mediocre shit
I am Chester says hey guys what do you
think was the better iconic Jason type
in the movies the deform mutant the deep
for mutant human Jason or the
supernatural undead demon Jason no fine
this guy is a pain in the ass he is a
giant pain in the ass
ah
I will get you even if everyone else
gets away I will get you son-of-a-bitch
why is he so good rich Rhys you know
what this game is gonna suck after the
free weekend you think with this free
thirteen thousand CP everyone's gonna
have amazing perks this guy has great
perks if he shouldn't be that fast
now that character is not a fast
character this is bullshit something's
fishy about like this character right
and he's knocking me down really easy
he's very fast and he's getting out of
choke holds very easy could be a ping
thing I'm calling a slight amount of
shenanigans I'm calling a very slight a
lot of shenanigans here there is a hack
out for the game look at how fast he's
moving yeah shit the cops are here
oh crap no get out of here get out of
here look at how fast he is
and he kill you can get just do it
oh good I feel better about that now
yeah feel full mother how many are alive
on to to well listen this area okay
three four okay for alive yeah yeah I
got a lot of killing to do rich I know I
know
hi yo ya know where they are I know
where they're going really might be spam
you do you you you I got guns and shit
oh bugger they're getting away
yep I thought I could get at least one
more oh so there's one more out there
there is out there far away too good oh
well you know what I killed the one jerk
I wanted to go so really to me it's a
personal victory it was the only two to
actually get out yeah cuz I killed you
know bad you have to kill this person oh
yeah
saving my saving my mojo
hello X X
yeah nice one of the most powerful jason
abilities is the ability to turn off
your music yeah and that's what I did
there I turned off my music I you know
located him Tyron said says what were
your thoughts on Seth MacFarlane's
comedic Star Trek series I'd be
interested if MacFarlane wasn't the
fucking lead actor on it that's that's
my only problem it looks far more
interesting than discovery which looks
terrible right you know I'll take over
yeah I've been Hagen I got to Jason's
I'm good
oh you have to invert look thank you
thank you have I got an 8 out of 8 yet
oh yeah yeah I've gotten the hardest
part about getting 8 out of 8
yeah it's people dropping out when the
match begins because they're mad they
didn't get to be Jason yes that's the
absolute hardest part about it it's hard
to find just a full a full map but yes
I've gotten a full eight kill I've
gotten out unscathed before like you
know I've been doing fairly well I've
had some rough days and some some good
days today was a really good Friday the
13th day but I think I talked to you on
Monday Monday I was having the fucking
worst luck finding people just nothing
but dickheads oh shit speaking of
and it's 8:30 so I should really stop
drinking coffee but check out that mute
button rich sea monkey boy there we go
thank you
it's very easy to mute people which is
nice voice chat was a mistake now it's
good for the actual game you need it
know people know exactly how to use
headset mics they're doing that on
purpose they're being loud and obnoxious
on purpose because in general people are
dickheads and I've been recording all of
my footage so when we talk about this
during the episode I'll cut to the
people being obnoxious
um I'm not I'm not very fond of the
people who are music stations instant
mute did it was that on stream or was
that somewhere else where somebody was
playing Smash Mouth all-star over and
over again somewhere else that I had a
Jason who was playing different remixes
of Smash Mouth all-star and so any time
Jason would come close I would hear some
body and it was hilarious because it
became more frightening than the real
music it was great it was fantastic out
of knowing after a while because then
just like smash what you'd hear Smash
Mouth all-stars circling the the cabin
you are in but me

[Part II]
oh this match sucks yeah I hate it
you don't like pecking up No
I've heard of this smashmouth Jason it's
very funny and like I I'm all yeah I
thought I fixed that now remember you
have to fix it and then hit X to apply
yeah I I keep thinking about life being
a character Jason is like you know like
when you're Jason just to do something
weird but then I don't want to be
obnoxious which I know is strange yeah
might be fun so somebody online used a
voice changer to make us a voice on
demonic oh okay
can this be played with Maz it can be
played with mouse and keyboard yes but
you can't rebind controls you cannot
read behind the keys still and so for my
purposes of playing on the couch here
it's much simpler this game doesn't have
that much aiming to just use a
controller right I I keep thinking about
it because I would want to this were a
shooter I just wouldn't bother I I keep
it like every time you're Jason and you
want to teleport using the controller to
like teleport accurately is a bit of a
pain I'd love a mouse for that but all
the different keys that you need to
press it wouldn't be worth it for me
what would my Jason bit be I'd probably
just repeat the same word over and over
and over again right no just you know oh
I'm off this is off top my head rich
what's your Jason bit mister playing it
yeah that's a good that's good that's
fair yeah that'd be pretty good slow
down I gotta put my ax in your head oh I
could do my really bad Michael Caine
impression yes hello yes sir what are we
doing over here now what tell me
something what do we do well we don't
close the door open the drawer
fucking goofy goofy drawer when I play
overwatch yes I do use my nunchuck thing
I love when my nunchuck thing especially
for first-person shooters it works great
I can't use my nunchuck thing for this
because I would need to rebind so many
things like you know it's just the the
the joystick is just WASD so that's not
a big deal but I've got approximately
Jack ship Jack sure you got firecrackers
in a hell spread some that's better than
Jack shit and you got a map and a
walkie-talkie you know what do you do in
this game
this says dirty grey so you are either
Jason or a counselor if you are Jay or
Jason it's obvious you try to kill
everyone if you're a counselor there are
a certain number of things that you can
do to escape you can fix a car and drive
a car out if you're able to you can fix
a boat and drive a boat out if you're
able to you can fix the phone and call
the cops and then walk out of one exit
or Jason the extremely convoluted
process of killing Jason right the
things that don't happen are you can
kill Jason or just wait out the timer
there's a 20 minute timer for them for
the map those never happen you don't get
extra points for that that's just you
don't die right so what Richie's doing
right now is looking for resources he
has weapons his first aid but you're
looking for car parts boat parts or the
fuse for the phone box which I have none
which he has none check your map has
anybody got anything yet oh the the four
seater already has a battery and gas
maybe you want to head in that general
direction
hit see are we still looking for keys
all right no one's hanging out you near
they have the car started huh they've
got the car started oh my god
which one's the four-seater oh shit you
might run into them if they have room
for you okay so now other counselors
already got the car started so Rich's
hope is that if he gets in the cars path
they will stop and pick him up the room
thank you
what's he getting ready thank you yeah
I'm stuck here Oh escape this happens to
me yeah yeah
you're gonna have to offer okay you got
to get out and stunning what
if you can teleport out of the sky come
on for it again going forward again so
these as you see rich has tools to slow
Jason down Sun up a bitch yeah he's a
good Jason though he knows what's up
Jesus Christ
do it yeah a little minute this is so
tense
so as you can see what's the Stratus dry
well you know like you have all these
tools to either distract or slow Jason
down this is what I love about this game
is the little stories that happen the
little stories that happen that that one
guy just believed me
you're going for it again
oh my god rich huh hey boy
were you North this is crazy what's
happening here
you trapped know
oh my god this is so tense
this guy's due god I'm sorry he's very
good this is a very good Jason and is
there I think there's one other person
in your car so at least if you do get
out you will be helping someone else
pride myself on good driving Jack that
was hey and you got someone else out
nice job rich nice job
that was a fucking battle Wow is great
Wow nice rich congrat congrat elations
congratulations that was honestly just
amazing and that right there is what
makes this game so fucking special like
that little moment the Jason knew what
he was doing rich knew what he was doing
you had other people who knew what they
were doing and everyone was working
against each other and with each other
and it was grow that was fantastic
whoo and you just happened to get in
that car you didn't like necessarily do
anything
I drove drove right like you just got
picked up by those people whoo great a
Ton Ton right oh yes
hey rich yes says red-letter Madea I
know you're into metal of some kind
Metallica really recently came to San
Antonio and we learned they do not sell
beer after they go on stage interesting
thoughts probably trying to avoid a riot
yeah it's probably wise
I'm not going to stereotype Metallica
fans but I bet they're a hard-drinking
folk not gonna lie I felt really good
about what just happened here rich your
driving ability not only that but like
the constant in and out like he got out
of the car quick he ran away so Jason
didn't grab you you ran away with you
while Jason was distracted you got back
in I could not believe he went back in
AI got out he was right there rich Jason
was right there sneaking in what
expected it was lying someone else too
early for me to come back oh that was a
ballsy maneuver is what I'm saying and
it worked out I'm glad it worked out for
you that was great and then some fucking
off-roading I don't you got it yeah oh
yeah Road like that he's just got a
teleport in front of you yeah the roads
aren't that wide he can't get around him
and if Jason when you're driving the car
if Jason is anywhere near the front of
your car he will bust it up yeah and
then you have to restart the car
so it was great how Jason's going for a
fancy kill all right let's see here
huh farted hey everyone
err hey evening gentlemen if being
practical could be measured and judged
who would win in a contest of
practicality between the two of you my
head says rich but my heart says Jack
have a great night practicality probably
me I'm trying to even think of an
example I don't write like my ability to
like that one person I drove away from I
knew I couldn't save them practical
thing to do was to keep driving
sure oh sure ever Jason was really good
at stopping the car on a narrow road oh
if you want to have a battle of
cold-hearted then that's me
practicality yeah yeah cold-heartedness
I mean probably like rich is more
illogical how about that in the
practicality meter wrist wrist rich
would make a horrible oskar schindler no
I'd make a great one I'd make a great
one I'd probably commit suicide after
the fact haunted by all the people I
couldn't say sure sure but I'd be a
great oskar schindler got to make the
hard choices
yeah make the hard choices save more
people you have to do that absolutely
absolutely
we were the only two we were the only
two people to survive waiting to get out
with the police would not have been the
right move this was a good Jason this
Jason was on top of things the other
states telling I beat him that's what
this is when any multiplayer game is at
its best when you and your opponent are
of equal levels and you still come out
on tape because Jason was distracted not
because he didn't know what he was doing
because you fucking won yes yeah that
guy whoever it was that hitched a ride
with you they locked out yeah yeah yeah
they got in at the right they saw no
they saw a winner they saw a moving car
rich
that's just practicality Jack no they
saw a moving car okay
they're like okay the cars moving I will
get in the car because I am near the car
yeah you know some of the people here
have getting a little annoying in the
chat but everyone's got a good ping and
you know I think this is a good group
this is a good group everyone seems to
know what they're doing that's important
they did apparently do some matchmaking
tweaks not in the latest update so
that's good that is good they've been
tweaking the game there haven't been as
many updates as you would think for a
game that's new but I do know that it's
a very small team I really want that
single player oh yeah that'll be great
you want you want to give it a little
walkie-talkie no okay usually whenever I
get a what do I get do a pointless mic
check but yeah usually whenever I get a
walkie-talkie I just say walkie-talkie
then if in case anyone else has it right
right they know that you have it right
somebody's at that house I guess one on
north
all right let's see here tired and sad
nope
Beluga blue says I just saw the witch
and turbo kid I know they're relatively
old news but wow they were great love
the mood and setting of the witch and
turbo kid was so enjoyable yes two great
movies two fantastic movies fantastic
news in very different ways than the
witch and turbo kid yeah yeah yeah great
movies turbo kid I mean I think I think
I had one of the best viewing
experiences of turbo kid ever deep I
have keys which is we we saw it as a
group projected on the side of a
building it was a good night outdoor
projected in a group in a group drinking
beers and soda pops was a fantastic
viewing experience for the beginning huh
the guy from the beginning I've been
noticing that I don't know if that's an
update thing or if I just hadn't noticed
before like also guys in bathtubs like
that I think that's been for a while
that's it's cute I like it can you cue
as Jason specifically or our roles
random it's always randomized you can
tell it to be able to prefer Jason it
does make a difference
oh we learned that you yeah you can tell
it whether you want it to prefer being a
counselor prefer being Jason or no
preference and if you put no preference
you do not get to be Jason very often as
I learned the hard way as I set my
preference to neither
before she car which was so but it's all
random video you have a one-one eighth
chance if it's a full server to be Jason
why do I have to fuck to tip this stream
who do I have to fuck to tip this dream
I pay pal I don't know man
fuck whomever you would like put away
the car keys
oh no I'm tired and said says you've
probably already discussed but thoughts
on Lord Miller being fired from the Han
Solo movie after movie three weeks from
completion I don't know well there's
there's been no mention of magic of
de-spell in the new ducktales series
maybe we didn't know the Beagle boys are
going to be in a biga boys yeah and glom
gold Flint Hart
he's like a fatter shorter design huh he
should look like just like Scrooge
McDuck with a different outfit oh yeah
yeah yeah but he's definitely in the new
one well if the Beagle boys are there
you have to assume that Magica is going
to because weren't they her main head
she use the movie knowing them and not
really okay they were kind of run by ma
beagle ma beagle my beagle okay
I mean magic is a classic character so
and I can't imagine that have a
character dispute just for Magica so
maybe she'll be like the big dude that's
what I'm thinking this it's not matter
now Jake it's the big reveal sure yeah
I'm with you I'm with him sloppy work
sloppy work captain Muller says you've
had exceptional streams lately but I
haven't tipped because I recently built
a new PC
graduates always fun to build a new PC
Jack have you ever been surprised by a
one player games exceptional multiplayer
last of us did it for me
exceptional multiplayer oh my god this
is happening here wait ready don't
they'll know in a second ok I don't
think that faster car start perk is
working oh nice
first of all nice teleport that was just
a nice teleport and a nice grab
good thing you got a pocketknife that
person who might be a mediocre drivers
getting in that firecracker should have
done them longer than that that's please
I don't think it's stun him at all I
think he was caught up in his other
animation he was just dumb yeah he could
have ran right into it impressive event
Hettie no back back way this is a dead
end we can't keep going backwards we're
gonna have to get around him sorry if
you didn't want me to click back but I
know you had a problem yeah did he
teleport to the end of the dead end
thinking we could get out that way maybe
what are you doing he's fine he's on the
main road he's fine he's fine is this
don't be judgmental for other people
having a girl's rich you can do it you
can do it we believe in you we believe
in you
now we get stopped I want to drive whoa
nice what's the right thing driver the
four exceed car has a responsibility
responsibility Jack that was a closed
fucking call that was a closed fucking
call right there it's he nice work nice
work you did it congratulations
which Ryan Gosling and drive I love
driving in this game it can be very
satisfying yes you could have some great
hero moments yeah as the driver oh
absolutely and just like they did they
just saved someone
yeah that person got to save that person
is getting extra points because of the
actions of someone else
you basically gift people experience
points you're welcome Jay drive again
all that was the
thing when J drove Jack I'm about to
make some oatmeal what healthy extras
would you suggest throwing in peanut
butter I love peanut butter in my maple
brown sugar oatmeal toss in like a
spoonful of peanut butter makes it
peanut buttery creamy and add some
protein peanut butter oatmeal I don't
love it I don't think my stark car
starter perk is working that's a shame
you know some of the perks have been
buggy since the update I have the start
with a bat perk yeah that also makes bat
mail a more stronger and I don't start
with a bat I'm sorry yep was that a PB
oatmeal commercial if someone was asking
me advice for what to put in their
oatmeal and uh I love peanut butter and
oatmeal peanut butter well I mean I just
love peanut butter like if if I could
only eat one food for the rest of
eternity it might be peanut butter
fucking like your only hope
run to the eggs okay rest up first
that's not bad you know I don't think
crouching builds your stamina I think it
a little bit I think it's just a little
bit but I think it does yeah yeah oh oh
no oh
are we still streaming yeah yep we are
oh that sucks creamy or crunchy creamy a
creamy peanut butter and you know what
yeah if you want to be extra special put
some bananas on top of your peanut
butter oatmeal boom it's gonna be great
if I'm if I'm got to be critical yeah
this happens a lot this happens a lot
there are some bugs in the game right
does happen three times to me yesterday
really I've never had the game flat out
crash but it's got some bugs you are
still alive well that's great yeah no
it's just just the game it's got some
bugs there's some buggy booze and and
they just had their first big patch and
as part of the patch there was a free
outfits the new
8-bit Jason skin as an apology for how
buggy it's been and it added more button
apology should be to fix the bugs I mean
well we got our control delete and close
the game and restart the game or be done
but it's better only for that a little
bit a little bit early for that dude
dude dude that was a great Lobby yes
yeah oh pretty good Lobby and task yeah
those people knew what they were doing
that was a lot of fun it appears that
they have fixed their or at least
bettered their matchmaking so look a
button you know no a lot of people talk
about the butts in overwatch but I need
to say the butts in this game 8 out of
10 maybe 9 out of 10 great butts in this
game rich the fine bucks they're fine
but fine yeah it just wasn't on it
immediately some fine butts in the
Friday 13th game sometimes a little too
fine they can be a little distracting
especially a little miss high shorts
over there play the nes version of
Friday the 13th we've done that before
yeah drove out the the fan game oh yeah
there was the pizza burger fan where Jay
was just lost in the woods yeah I loved
that game I think we beat that game
rich can you speak a bit no I'm playing
game
fuck off I'm sure that was longer before
I was right they're all fine buts fine
but it's gotta be someone's job just to
design butts and boobs in video games
yeah the character models the character
models design the character modelers
okay you know what I meant you fuck I am
a fox why did that oh that's true
they're inside let's see here oh my god
because I've not been killed yet I also
have like 80 more hours I'm putting that
out there
I got it lucky but they stopped to pick
me up with the car that's true
let's see whatever nonsense in the bag
hijack and rich have either of you been
to New Orleans for vacation as a tourist
I recently visited for a friend's
bachelor party weekend I'm sure it's fun
I've never been there yeah I've never
been there either actually
are there other destination cities towns
you like I'm not much of a traveler you
are not much of a traveler I am a bit of
a traveler I loved visiting Los Angeles
there's so many things to do and see
it's a wonderful city to visit and not
live because it's a horrible garbage
city yeah I had a I had a really
fantastic time visiting Seattle really
great really great city to walk around
in
I like going all over the place I'll
tell you what I like I like going places
Seattle yeah I like Seattle I had a lot
of fun walking around Seattle we ate at
a great restaurant it was like a it was
like a meat specialty place there's only
like four tables because 80% of the
restaurant was nothing but like grilling
surfaces so they'd come on like show you
slabs and meet and they're like this is
what we're gonna do to this meat we're
gonna cook us so nice I called over a
couple of all past penny gas or anything
today in the batteries no did she force
you to car two-seater for CJ that's what
we got no boat anonymous says goddamn it
it's fun to watch you guys best of the
worst can wait thank you anonymous we
appreciate that cat five to nine says
dear rich and Jack the guy who said he
kicks me out does not i've Ahlan Tara
Lee leave I prefer to watch you guys
alone and not with his bum ass will you
watch the new it film a PS by Joanne I
don't really care about the new Ed yeah
I know
I mean III might see it but I have no no
strong love for the original or new or
whatever max you know Tim Curry is a
fantastic actor I I don't you know maybe
I am Chester says have you guys seen the
YouTube channel happy console gamer with
Johnny millennium it's a popular channel
in the retro video game community he's a
big fan of rlm ever been in this in this
chat before no I don't think I've ever
seen a happy console gamer there's I
mean of course they might not be using
that name yeah there's there's a few
youtube channels i follow i so many
years so many who hide you follow mom
how do you watch it on Kent what do you
think what do you think yeah we got
nothing we got a lot of nothing you've
got some nice extras we don't have
anything major
that's our purple Toon Link says hey
guys just made the effort to do the
twitch Prime subscription you guys have
kept me entertained for years thanks for
all the laughs all the best thank you
yep that's which frying that's great
stuff oh by the way for any twitch prime
users if you are a twitch prime users
and also play overwatch make sure to get
your free golden lute box which has a
guaranteed legendary skin in it I got a
legendary May skin in my fucking
advertisement edition what I'm cross
promoting why does twitch Prime helps us
out man and I play the fuck out of
overwatch and I saw this and I said oh I
get a free loop box just for already
being a twitch Prime member you get free
shit rich you get free shit I'm telling
the people about all the free what's
your cut Jack what's your cut nothing at
least it wasn't as Ari I don't like
sorry is legendary I got her I got za
Ria's um the anniversary legendary skin
or which is basically it turns her into
an Iron Man and I fucking love that skin
I love her so much work homework
nobody's done Jake shit
I'm Azaria man you should know that well
rich you haven't done anything either I
checked every house in this area I
couldn't do anything maybe they're all
the same can't believe that what if all
the shit spawn in one house I got oh you
got Reinhardt legendary skin nice I hate
olives Aria skins and she's my favorite
character I used to think that until her
cool Iron Man skin with her mohawk
coming out of top she looks like an Iron
Man with Captain Marvel's mohawk and
it's badass all of her other legend her
like her goth legendary and her like
Siberian snow walker legendary those all
suck
I hate all of those legendaries but her
Iron Man one is awesome I'm gonna say
this house has been checked worth
I don't like I don't like being by the
big house it's too dangerous great no I
agree it's very possible though that
someone had to run away yeah as Jason
likes to hang we're heading right up
here first no that's fine that's fine
plenty of options it's very near the car
you'll probably have to go back there
I'm Tommy Jarvis is here that's fucking
help
big big fucking home you know his Jayson
Werth playing as normal people what do
you mean is this game worth playing I
think if you're asking is this game
worth playing right now I'm at a yes if
you would have asked me on Monday when I
was having a shit
Friday the 13th day I might have said
maybe not today I'm having a good day
it's a hard choice interesting hard days
he's gonna go for the grabs usually hey
Tommy T Tommy there's a pocket knife in
this drawer spare pocket knife and in
the other and the other in the other
drawer and the other drawer there
so it's anivia but I don't what hey Jack
you want my overwatch thing I don't know
what that means
Oh your loot box I can't I I am I have
Amazon Prime
so I am a twitch Prime member so I
already got my I already got my
overwatch free loot box I need to
remember to subscribe to us I always
forget to do that
we're armed pretty good for a kill yeah
how many people one two at least four
there's at least four of you alive T how
do you feel about going for a kill you
want to kill Jason
hold on I'll take that as a no so many
pocket knives you're gonna drown in
pocket knifes
we had Tommy Jarvis who knew what he was
doing we could go for it
I'm so sorry Troy bono says at $20 I
would have bought it a long time ago
can't justify 40 though you'll get the
hours out of it it's like any
multiplayer game it is only as good as
the people you are playing with but when
it's a good game it's so fucking good
it's a
come on Tommy Jarvis Tommy Jarvis might
be a new player and I'm not sure he's
gonna be on yeah but I think when this
game is good it's great I even know
exactly where the sweatshirt is because
the campsite didn't spawn there which
means it's the shack I'm sorry rich you
got to do all the work yourself yeah you
might want to you might want to wait for
when the single-player campaign comes
out which is promised you might want to
wait for a sale they are doing a big
thing right now for this weekend it's
gonna be
they're doing like a double xp weekend
this weekend this guy does know what
he's doing anyway
Tommy yeah yeah oh yeah so you know
now's a good time to get in on it but
listen uh we're not here to make your
buying decisions for you we're just here
to tell you how we what we feel about a
game he's gone for me
I like I I've got enough enjoyment out
of it where I I'm okay just fine the $4
it's a little buggy at times and more
times than not you end up in a really
bad server and people are dickheads and
not helpful but when it's good I mean
you guys saw that rich driving ways
situation that was an amazing situation
Oh oh no you fine
ah
look fucking bullshit I drop the axe
we're fucked
yep oh I wanted on my ps4 I wonder if
this will be coming to consoles I don't
know probably not Oh where's the gas
really I got nothing else no shit
dick don't do that huh I'm not I'm sure
I'm just doing that to me I'm not
pressing the T button because I don't
want it to mess up with your controls so
you going after someone else I don't
believe it it's not gonna fill our stem
enough he might be going he might think
you're too much trouble
Oh interesting
I drop the gas a lot of knives
look oh that's a fun kill
I like how they make it seem like you're
fighting back that's great
that's great all right great let's see
here
hey guys Magica dispels original voice
actress is still alive how old is she
does yeah does her voice still sound all
right I don't care about waiting for the
extra XP right I waited through my death
I'm not a jerk I'm not gonna leave
before the kill is done right deny Jason
that yeah but that's something like the
game could use a lot of things one thing
it could use is more incentive to stick
with it if I was with a really good
group yeah I would have waited it out
sure you need you need incentive to stop
the dicks from disconnecting at the
start of a match because they're not
Jason that's a problem that is a problem
do you believe during kill out of spite
to rob Jason of experience and the neat
animation yeah you need to stop those
things leave it after you're dead you
know I have no problem with that sure if
as if it's a good group you're just
gonna stick around to stick with the
group yeah the only problem for me is if
it's if it's like if I if I get the dice
roll of landing near a car or near the
phone box and Jason kills me right away
before I have time to get anything then
if I leave I get robbed of those
experience points or even a little bit
and it's big it's early in the game I'm
earlier in the game you know and then
it's like well I could I might be able
to beat Anna Jarvis maybe but
like here this here it's potentially
dangerous Jason will be spawning any
second oh yeah
yeah but you could at least dump that
near the car all right
nope just have to cedar or is that the
four cedar anonymous says hello jack and
rich you ever realized the plink ghetto
board is not random at all is that on
purpose
what do you mean it's not random at all
I mean it's kind of random found a
random dude it's you know what it's
random enough for the gag how about that
nice nice coverage real fast fast and
easy poke Alex in the eye says so my
daughter came six weeks early by
emergency c-section gas is already in
the car I'm at the board or gas is in
Schad gonna do that this is for Paris
that good Tiffany's doing it well just
tell tell her to drop it so late Jason's
gonna notice
somebody else should have done this well
tell her to drop it it's it's too late
at this fucking point he realized okay
you know what I'm going to do glasses
okay
all right who's got keys who's got keys
no but don't think we do or are we do we
do it's fine everything's i/o and the
police are called this Chasen's terrible
apparently yeah yeah that shit is
happening here no wrong way wrong way T
you're going backwards it's the other
way
just go backwards just help their
awesome power isn't it you left someone
what right go right nope not across the
bridge just try backwards yeah just
follow the road the way you're going now
no no no but like backwards while I'm
driving
hey wait for us dick all right well
she's going the wrong way
okay oh yeah she's going back across
more like an idiot that cars gonna end
up in the lake oh do you think this is
their purposefully doing it
what and you fail at life you don't get
you don't get to dress noses go they did
that on purpose
Jason you see what they did with the car
man look at that this is why I should
drive baby I want to say that they did
that on purpose they did that on purpose
that was worse than Jays driving
absolutely okay wait so where were we
Polk Alex and the I says my daughter
came six week early to the by emergency
c-section and is living in the NICU my
wife is being kept in hospital with
blood pressure problems thanks jack and
rich for some much-needed emotional
relief that sucks you can get through it
we believe in you we have so many good
games to play 8:00 Friday the 13th
streams this is one of the good games
jackass if you don't like watching it
fuck off I'm enjoying this sometimes
rich and I just like to play games we
like you imagine that I mean why aren't
we playing the games that they like
you're right let's do it let's do a
final fantasy I hate going on fun
adventures we're new and interesting
things happen just about every fucking
match I hate that if you haven't noticed
rich and I just like the game you know
we just want to play the game we like
but hey you know what you do you you do
you you know what I'm gonna do pack an
AK a bathroom repair
pack a knackered up
responded the death house
there's the fuse so this Jason isn't
terrible they'll be here any second
can we find a fuse before Jason shows up
lights are out
jacent to get the power where she did
so powerful ready go
s is already attitude
or someone grabbed all Jason's right
there
I do it he's doing good he's doing all
the things all the things we're doing
things yeah so I'm gonna say they
dropped off the fuse or something rare
didn't wrap it they came by here but
they didn't what all right I'll bite
that the other car is that the problem
all right
fuse or battery yeah yeah you can do it
you can do it okay let's see you're
tired incest is in general with the
issues DC and Lucasfilm have had it with
keeping directors on board in production
are we entering a new era of non tours
in studio production like the 50s and
60s no you know I know we were in a
Golden Age of entertainment hit hit the
T and I've got the keys I'm heading
towards the four seater in the studio
system we are seeing a rise of lean on
our tours and you know that that's been
going on for a while but you know Marvel
has ushered in the age of the producer
in charge and Marvel's been pretty
successful but we are another cars
leaving yeah is that the four and that's
the four seater it's all right
I'm gonna go for me in the car he should
be going for the car does he not know
that the car is moving Jason you idiot
No
Jason's fine take Jason Jason up t hit C
does anybody not the car have a battery
they carrying a battery
go leave sorry Deborah wait did they
leave I don't know if we find a car a
battery we just take the two-seater of
course of course oh okay yeah there
they're almost to the exit so uh the the
outdoor versus producer question we are
still seeing a shit ton of director
driven films they're just not getting
wide releases but we're seeing them on
Netflix and we're seeing them on Amazon
and we're seeing directors strong
directors get series now it's just
changing we're just not seeing them in a
wide release in the synonyms but we're
still getting them and I'd argue we're
getting even more awkward driven films
that get out movie was great you know I
could talked about earlier turbo King
the lovage there's plenty of examples
neon demon the green room there's plenty
examples of these you know director
driven pictures they're just not getting
wide releases but they're coming to
video on demand so go watch more video
on demand know the Netflix is not going
to destroy the film industry it is going
to be the new film industry it's going
to create a time Oh
does he have someone working with them
yeah
I think so I think they're just they're
not too concerned this is leave up sure
I was right fucking Twin Peaks is back
on TV you can't argue the lack of our
tourism and ignore David Lynch's TV show
coming back
oh that's right okkk JA the the the bong
joon-ho time to waste some time
absolutely
his next movies coming to Netflix just
just because you're not seeing why the
theatrical releases anymore doesn't mean
it's going away it just means it's
changing
Tim Salman yep
analysis do you guys have
oh how often you check the PIO box two
or three times a week okay what's what's
there are they're just wondering how
long it takes to see all of their shitty
VHS tapes
what you know it's worse what car
battery was sitting right there where
this is somewhere up the right oh I'm so
sorry Rachel do you think movie theaters
will do I think movie theaters will ever
go away no they will become exactly the
same as playhouses came they will be
less of them they will be they will be
niche but like we're already seeing so
like you know our big theater chain here
in Milwaukee is the markets
yeah the market cinemas the theater is
already adapting they actually have
their amount of seats in every theater
just to get those big-ass comfy chairs
bring people back in yeah they're they
have regular showing of indie movies
that have regular showing of events like
they played like the big Doctor Who
special they played in the Marc
Marcus cinemas you know they're they're
doing these things theaters and go fuck
themselves did the update ruin
firecrackers they have to it ruins some
stuff did it ruin firecrackers
specifically usually when I was playing
as Jason I couldn't get anywhere within
50 feet of a firecracker or I would be
stunned for two minutes yeah maybe they
tried to tweak it and they over tweaked
it they overt worked it they over nerfed
it
if only they wouldn't have to with
gimmicks like 40x right well they're you
know they're learning they're learning
but we're we're seeing a change in movie
theaters already they're going for
comfort and and they're playing stuff
that they don't normally play which is
it's all good all good things there this
is shit
what firecracker Perkis no shit okay
well now you know hey a fraud speaking
of showbiz pizza and dick the birthday
boy I now have a Showbiz Pizza robot in
my bedroom din laughs that's terrifying
this is what they have in their bedroom
no that's terrifying but congratulations
I suppose congratulations is in order
auto flag a later says sad to hear about
the passing of Sam paano Pulis who would
who invented putting pineapple on pizza
oh yeah
they invented pineapple on pizza then
they're just an idiot I don't care about
anything they did because it's probably
stupid mm-hmm
they go it's probably really stupid I
mean they made one really they're famous
for making one really stupid decision so
who knows what else they did in their
life really stupid Tim salmon says Jack
I think you're nuts the music and breath
of the wild is beautiful no it's not
Hetty no Villages theme is particular is
gorgeous I didn't care for it I did not
care for the music in breath of the wild
rich no now he's dumb yeah it's late
there's why bother it was what it was
why bother they thought they had to
because of the nature of the open open
open super open game but hated it it
didn't lead to good music whatever
whatever that's worth a bit Dibby Dibby
Dibby derivative him
that's crap
it's crap what you just heard right
there that was the music in breath of
the wild we didn't we did the score
you're welcome yeah private musician
puts it very well where he surprises the
magician says breath of the wild music
is non-intrusive
at the best right it's just nothing
Jason are you Oh Sammy I hate that Jason
visually yeah exactly but I think that's
the point when are you two going to do a
cooking stream
we're not yeah we could do a cookie
straight would be fun yeah I'll cook up
some shit man it'll be great you want to
do it I won't stop you I'm not cooking
right do a grilling stream it'll be oh
hello right away so for those of you who
don't know right there that's the phone
fuse now if rich can find a smoking box
on the outside of a house must be the
right kind of smoking box so you can
destroy like light fuses right look they
look similar when I see if anyone knows
where it is no so I if he can fix the
phone he can then call the police then a
five minute timer starts instead of the
20 minute timer and you can walk out
where the police are but we need our
pocket knives to disable all of the
traps he's going to set down right in
front of the phone box absolutely
without that
that's interesting jack cooks rich taste
test we did like a grilling stream on
grill up some hamburgers
hey Chad how's it going Gary
role-playing they're doing bits they're
doing what's hit Cena has anybody seen
the phone box you might have moved too
fast people a lot of people don't have
walkies this early too busy doing bits
well you can hear them making it harder
right those who are idiots they haven't
seen anything
you gotta learn how to judge people jack
to shame they're lucky if they can wipe
their own ass hey I I'd be toxic if I
were responding to them a spot where
they and crash
crash yeah crash was going on there you
go thank you rich gobbledygook says ever
see the wolf's just fine video love
letter to a new beginning the here comes
Jason song very arty farty but good dark
humor on Friday the 13th
check it out sometimes thanks
gobbledygook sigh don't think I've seen
that
yeah there are some P and you know what
what a lovely thing to add to the game
worse there are some people that you
just want Jason to kill and how like the
movie is that he's like I hope that guy
fucking dies this might be one of the
best games adapted from a movie ever
made
yeah it does a very good job of setting
up situations map kaleidoscopic yes you
have a pizza roll in front of your name
is there any reason to be over her do
you think someone I mean yeah people
leave shit on a second gas in there I
guess all over the place we need keys
I'll just drop the battery by the car
drop the gas by the car and go look for
keys except for Jason's hanging out over
there
well that's great angel mezzo angel
mezzo was saying that they made some
friends in college because people bonded
over their love of rlm now he's coming
right for us
there's a small glitch now where you can
actually see the red thing teleport
sometimes I don't think it's in pledge I
think that might be intentional
oh yeah what the hell is she wearing a
high 80s fashion look at that sweater
it's awesome
it's sweaters fucking great
I suck dude
huh she's got a good Jason yeah that's
fine
oh this is a fun kill I also like that
the more fun of you is the more the more
time it takes for Jason yep you know
there's that that's a nice risk reward
if you're Jason like I really want the
neat kill shoes and silly pants to match
those are great I don't care where you
coming
oh that's why two people looks like well
known to be more alive he killed three
of them all one got betrayed alright so
one person dropped out and if somebody
got betrayed it's possible someone's
working with him that person looks
pretty beat up too but maybe someone
else be a moment the only one left no no
all right no I know there was one time I
was playing a game and someone started
some shit with me they hit me with a
wrench yeah and and at first I thought
it might have been an accident but then
they they swung at me again yeah and so
then I said okay fine you want to fight
and I grabbed the bat and we fought and
I kicked their ass but then I get
negative a thousand points because I
betrayed them but they started the fight
I just finished it the game should take
into account who starts the fight or you
know if you aim a shotgun blast at Jason
and it accidentally hits someone else
like that shouldn't count as a betrayal
alright I'll stay for the experience but
I'm finding a different group yeah
agreed
half half the team was was those two
assholes
you Jedi gents we're dumb ass look
gobbledygook says no I'm not trying to
stop you from playing Friday the 13th
play it for a thousand strings but has
Jack seen ex machina between six-shooter
gorgeousness oh and DC Universe Online
is still for you fucks
I haven't seen next machina it looks
great actually a a game that I'm gonna
recommend us play next stream come on
thank you next my kinda does look like
fun I am going to suggest that we play a
game called three two one grenades which
it sounds dumb it looks kind of dumb but
it's it's a split-screen multiplayer and
it has a like a campaign and you just
plays people who throw grenades and you
get different grenades and it looks me
it looks cute rich and I bet it'll make
a fun stream 3 2 1 grenades and it looks
gorgeous
it doesn't look gorgeous but it looks
fun and there's a multiplayer mode
there's split-screen multiplayer but
there's also split-screen multiplayer
campaign so I'm I'm I got it it was on
sale it just came out and was on sale
for like seven dollars want to have
another good match before I leave
yeah yeah no good have all the good
matches you want opinions on darkest
dungeon I really liked it you played it
waited that much time so no yeah I
played it when it came to the Vita and I
really enjoyed it my problem with it was
as the game went on the micromanaging
aspects got a little too much you would
spend more time outfitting your
characters than you would battling and
sometimes I'd have you know like for me
I'm a mobile gamer you know like oh I
got I got twenty minutes here I'd spend
all twenty minutes just preparing them
for the fight and then I'd have to go
turn it off I gotta go do something and
then next time I pick it up I'd be ready
for the fight but I
would forget what I did to prepare them
for the fight so then I'd have to go
through and like a look at all their
stats again look the outfits I gave him
the things I gave him like who I'm
putting on the team and so like I really
enjoyed it though I had a lot of fun
dunt darkest dungeon inge overall I
think it's a good concept yep but but I
grow weary of it only because the
micromanaging aspects Baghead grew too
much but I have not run over buddy in
this game tonight but I have had a good
good escape with a car oh yeah you're
the greatest
motherfucker right by the car that's
like a horse about to spawn so Jason
when Jason when you play as Jason one of
the first abilities that becomes active
is your teleport ability and general if
you start with it generally speaking
Jason will teleport either to a car or
to the phone box fuse to start laying
traps down you smartest the phone box
fuse before you lays a trap down fuck it
right so your character the counselors
spawn randomly throughout the map and
sometimes you get unlucky and you spawn
near something important luckily Rich's
character has a really fast repair perk
so we're all over here man
in and out that was great rich that was
great nice in and out
I thought I couldn't procreate as well I
did that point that looks like a battery
talk to him make sure you tell me you
put gas in do we have key gases in we
need key gases in we need key
oh that's dope
now get my seat Oh someone blocked my
path to helps the helps oh god it's
happening again it's happening again
Oh this Jason's a grabber hello
oh he glitched off the map Oh sometimes
this game he got hit with a stick in it
knocked that hit that has happened to me
before where I will get glitched through
a map sorry to hear that
glitch winds are the worst windows crane
hend Christ you're not wrong Korean head
crisis that's the $40 mark of quality it
happens I'm not saying it's a perfect
game but I think it's worth it
you got a Jason kill so congratulations
people said you can't coach Jason I
killed Jason see I wanted some car
action oh you were right there you were
right there rich I'm sorry I'm so sorry
alright let's see here
gobbledygook says three to one grenade
contact is the secret it's the movement
when everything happens contact is the
answer it's the reason why everything
happens
let's make contact three two one contact
member I don't I'm sorry
that's the thing a big black Silvo I'm
pretty happy paying $40 for the two I
yeah
I've certainly got my money's worth and
then some out of this game well and you
get you get those moments that you can't
get in every game that time you had to
drive through the woods to get away from
Jason and and after you've gotten out
and backing the car eighteen times
because Jason was right there and
everyone's panicking but you rich that
time I pulled through fake Jason out by
the window when I knew he was gonna
teleport outside the second I started
going out so I went out right back in
you just teleport you just laughed at
him uh-huh that was great no or when
you're playing is Jason and you're just
slowly stalking someone you know they're
dying like hey hey it's great crankin
obviously if you want to wait to buy the
game until some bugs are fixed and or
the single-player campaign like oh my
god stop you sure it's gonna be Jason
that time didn't happen Raj and diagram
says hey guys excited for the solar
eclipse it's August 21st around noon in
Milwaukee don't forget those solar
filters lol wingus my dingus here in
Milwaukee we won't get to see the full
solar eclipse but I am planning a trip
I'm planning an eclipse trip because
it's passing through the middle of
America the sole where you can go to
certain parts of America and see the
full solar eclipse which is pretty damn
exciting rich is not as excited he's
into the game yeah but I'm super excited
about it so I'm planning a possible a
couple day trip to go see the full solar
eclipse cuz like you know this happens
not very often you what you want to go
see the Eclipse
and sell it on is it going through
Wyoming I was unsure it was even going
that far north let's see here I think
someone just handed me a map someone
just handed me a website with a map of
where it's gonna go
that's what I want where is it going
oh the map is loading may be parts of
Wyoming but I'm excited I'm excited I'm
gonna go I'm gonna I don't think it's a
very long drive block to ghost get out
of here that's not helpful
yeah you might want to rethink your
wyoming well you know what you can see
an earful eclipse if you go through
Wyatt Wyoming maybe South but check it
out they have maps they have maps of
where you can go to see the full Eclipse
and I'm excited I'm excited yeah I think
it'll make a fun couple I think I'm like
a fun couple day trip with with me in
the fam yeah I've got somewhere I see
the cellar Cookson come back exciting
road trip road trip kind of dad
aka Anonymous's Jack I know you guys
have had your doubts about VR due to
poor locomotion and gimmicky games but
soon we'll have full titles emerging
onto the scene like fallout VR so what
can you become a believable
didn't you just have a road trip yes we
did just have a road trip
I fucking love road trips I want all the
road trips all the time that's my thing
I do it all the time I love them I'm
taking a super long road trip in the
summer me and the boys are driving to
Canada and back and not close Canada
either far away Canada and it's gonna be
great thumb map we're gonna camp we're
gonna we're gonna drive all day and camp
all night you'll cuz I fuckin love road
trips as far as VR is concerned
rich and I while watching all the all
the III stuff came across the the
showing for Doom VR which got us a
little excited until we saw that you had
to teleport to move if you can't
teleport you'd probably get horribly
motion
yeah we're kind of fucked yeah yeah any
windows back there we're fucked
oh you're totally fucked well you got a
shotgun but that's not gonna help you
much
the backbreaker all right yes so yeah as
rich just said you don't have to
teleport regular motion is there for
people who don't get motion sick I get
motion sick rather easily you know what
rich as do I yeah we've gotten motion
both of us have got motion sick on this
very street while playing just regular
first fan shooters right I can only
imagine the type of sickness we will
come across with VR I have broken you
Batman yeah
the moral of the story is I'm still not
convinced in the awesome power of VR I
don't like the entry price point I don't
like wearing something on your face I
don't like the limited space or you've
been affecting you know open area there
there are many things I personally don't
like if you are into VR go go you have
fun have a great time there'll be a
great flight simulator on it it'll only
cost you $2,000 to get all everything
you need for it right right that's what
you're talking about as an entry point
of VR you're talking about a grand
that's insane
a grand if your PC is up to snuff for
nothing they're puking in space another
I'm wondering of jackets Wyoming and
Colorado confused I might be getting
Wyoming in Colorado which I thought
Wyoming was the more North won the
Colorado what's the one right below
Canada I thought that was wailing it's
virtual vomit nice oh alright so as you
see rich starts up for the teleport
ability he's so he's going for the the
car and the power if you knock out the
power they're not able to call in Tommy
Jarvis if the powers for the area the
Tommy Jarvis radios in it needs to be
that right it needs to be the right
power right but also the darker it is
the more afraid the councillors get and
so the easier they are to spot the the
less likely they are to heal up all that
fun Oh someone's in there someone's in
there that's a waste hello
we're coming for ya
and in the bed oh there in one of the
beds Oh mad trap strats rich didn't work
he placed it too close you didn't work
y'all mad Trapster oh we ran into this
same problem oh that sucks
y'all mad traps traps have no power over
us Kellogg's cornflakes no I have not
done any voice acting rich as though yes
you'll hear it soon all right we need to
get to that car fast
which one the other one ECAR oh yeah how
do you shut about two-seater boat is
there a boat the boathouse the boathouse
yeah I was gonna say there's not two
cars in a boat
I don't know I'm on the verge of buying
this game says kaleidoscopic but all the
glitches are kind of killing the vibe
there it happens the glitches happened
what I will say is I still think it's
worth it you get those good runs get
those good runs man
Oh evil that vision girl oh oh they got
a battery oh did you miss this one's got
the battery
he dropped it smart that's smart drop it
near the car what are you doing
ha
nope nope
you think steam sails tomorrow
what I I think this would be what do I
think this will be on sale ha that's
tough to say they're having a giant
weekend there they're giving all players
a bunch of points to spend on like hills
and outfits and perks and stuff and
they're having a double experience point
weekend if you play this weekend you
earn double experience points which you
don't get tunnel vision you've got it
Rick you got it which mean you get new
characters faster and you you get those
those in that in-game currency to buy
kills and outfits and stuff so it
wouldn't shock me if the game went on
sale right before the big fun weekend oh
really he's a fast little fucker every
once in a while you can get that to work
I can't like I get it I have a hard time
with that one
gotcha yay Oh
kill them all Jason kill them all also
this game is relatively new so probably
won't go on sale cuz you know it's still
relatively new in $40 trap mad trap
strats something blue guy in chat says
one game I saw a gameplay of that it
recommend is clone drone in the danger
zone
any time you shove their face on like
this one any axe one I look at to shove
their face in something that's the kills
I like where are the clone drone in the
danger zone is a game where you fight
robots in a multi level melee battle
arena and can upgrade your robot which
each new level that Oh car trap
didn't you hear this don't work anymore
Chlo and drone in the danger zone hold
on I'm gonna look that up Oh drone in
the danger zone
google it thank you some blue gang jet
I'll look that up Jack makes a grotesque
old man yes can I do a droopy voice I
don't know what does droopy sound like I
think that's a pretty good drooping
voice that's just that's just my creepy
old man voice the last one left I
thought I'd sold me one alive what did
he fall and saw someone else's trap or
did was he just leaving
grab your cheeks while you do it
oh no I don't think I can do it what
does Hollywood cop and why should I care
what other movie did that director do
samurai comp same director Sam Cameron
Mitchell okay those reasons you should
care the dick was he wounded
that one ooh we should watch it here
after extreme yeah movie Dix wants to do
a now it's a quick little fucker
hey oh nice nice try but coming for you
there's a part in the new best of the
worst that you guys are never going to
write well now I need to go home and
watch this new best of the worst never
going to what let rich live down
apparently yeah I know
great I was wrong about something you
were wrong about something
oh no rich how dare you how dare you be
wrong about something new best of the
worst is apparently 30 minutes did you
do 30 minutes on just Hollywood cut
that's great hello again
oh my neck my fucking neck what happened
oh he's smart
I like that ejector there's Amba droopy
I'll take I'll take Sambi droopy another
pocket yeah another pocket knife I
should always use that voice yeah that
maybe that's the voice I'd use if I was
gonna do it Jason babe
did you have a service to people left
six or seven one person then I want to
got away yeah well no one disconnected
oh because they were mad they were Jason
would be my guess sure sure
gotcha GG good game good game GG you did
a great job what's our plan do one more
on I'll do one more round
I could I could do I could do one more
this seems like an all right group
except for that guy who just made a
bunch of Slurpee noises don't much care
for slurping noises
no I want my bag head yeah I went during
the last best of the worst I went all in
you went all I went all in against J and
I was wrong you you went all in against
I went all in I said I was 100% sure of
something
Oh No and then J who edited them your
wanted to rub that right in your nose
yep alright that's fair that's fair rich
which one all in a fair - I want all in
on two pairs twos and sevens I'm not a
smart move but by the way you gotta
commit you gotta commit to it because
either you're right or they're gonna get
some comedy out of it right that's the
hope you got to commit to the bit you
got to turn into the spin
how do i tip the mods we love the mods
we appreciate our mods so much for
keeping best of the worst spoilers out
of the chat i've seen so many sex chat
spams tonight yeah
our mods are the greatest we appreciate
you mod so much I don't know how we can
tip the mods that happen think of
something some point sure
not back in okay I'm not Jason well I
split you from Baghead to part 6
no I switch it back to I'm switching
back to back yeah I tend to switch
between 3 and 6 that's fair I you know I
like 3 like he's first got good
door-busting abilities right no is it a
door said 9 I like that one
things aid that's the fun one I think is
8 and the deals been at the DLC 1 the
backer exclusive one that everyone's mad
about oh sure the hell Jason hell Jason
right the one that no one can use
neat-looking one though so the
scooby-doo mod really work with that
game have to be built from scratch it
could if you're just talking about like
skins the the question is like how much
could you mod the the gameplay rules if
you if you wanted to make it like we're
like the Scooby Gang doesn't get
viciously slaughtered and Plus
scooby-doo would need a whole lot of
modding oh sure you would probably just
need to take the same basic gameplay and
then just switch out things with
scooby-doo elements instead of getting
murdered to get bonked on the head or
tied up or something right
instead of fixing the guy you find in
clues or maybe you fixing the Mystery
Machine up oh I like it I like it
yeah and instead of like instead of like
finding stuff to fix the phone you have
to get all the clues to the mystery yeah
something like that
something could be down there but
keoki all right I don't know where you
left off cuz I was focused on the game
when I was playing yeah and I didn't
hear what you were saying sometimes no
problem
Major Tom servo says that you read major
Tom servo sure hold on for one second
walkie-talkie okay good months ago I
wanted on a date with an outdoorsy girl
one of her hobbies is Maurel foraging
and we're super impressed I'd heard of
it
thank you for helping me score some
early points with my now girlfriend yeah
you love them you're welcome Murrell for
ali reza says I highly recommend it
comes in the night oh I think you read
this I heard I want it I didn't know I
didn't read that no actually I heard
great things about it comes in the night
yeah the trailer makes it look like a
horror movie but it's just suffocating
atmosphere and tension yeah I've heard
I've heard really good things about it
comes tonight the ending will leave you
feeling worse than the mist oh my god
great that sounds great
we doing Jarvis motorboats don't you
hate it when you look at the objectives
and nobody has gotten shit done well you
know it's fine like and you're not
hearing any radio chatter so you know
that well we're leaving it near the car
you know you're not hearing stuff like
that what's worse is when you look and
like you see two blobs heading towards
the motorboat we're like well I can't
guess I can't do that someone else is
doing that one
well that's pens maybe they just have
one part you can like find like can of
gas you can go over there and steal that
motorboat I don't know if I talked about
the Sun stream I had somebody get mad at
me for stealing their boat yeah somebody
had put the propeller on the boat and I
had a thing of gas and I noticed the
boat had a propeller on it I I headed to
the boat of course there was nobody else
around the person who put the propeller
on the boat long gone long gone so I
fill the boat with gas I take off in the
boat and after they had died the person
who put the propeller around was like
super angry with me for stealing their
boat he's trapped in the car head north
I of course left that match as soon as
it was done because I knew he was just
gonna be griefing me in the next round
yeah oh you were wise to realize he was
on to you she's already been in here are
they on the boat are they on the boat
yeah you can tell Jason they're on the
boat Jason that's he I did I'm serious
check them out huh say I'm serious check
about I think Oh are they running from
the boat all right you know what he
knows where you are you might want to
just get out yeah
he didn't believe for the boat he's
right there they got they got away in
the boat Jason I need more stuff I got
car keys oh wait is the battery behind
that mattress I've seen that happen
before
and people just walk shit well I can't
do it now Jason's out there
you did fuck back window
shit yep hey that's the right call
damn it Jason follow someone else can't
huh
can't the boats already gone you're by
the car you know unless unless he hears
somebody fuck up on the phone he's not
leaving you may as well see what else is
in this house
why does Jason look so goofy because
they're using the retro NES skin shitty
Tommy Jarvis right sort of spray in the
bathroom I have a spray no no I'm a
spray knock a knife from keys oh I get
it oh sorry I get it
dang you know whatever I get it he may
have actually gone to take care of the
phone who Jason he might have wait music
stopped
yeah he's back someone you're right yeah
Jason take care of that person and I
want to go fix the car I'm gonna try to
go fix the car there's other people on
the map still though I know but you're
by the oh yeah I'm using stuff yeah do
they put guessing
you can let them know what the situation
is you have keys me I have keys and
battery shit Jason's right there
oh no he's kidding someone he's killing
someone but there's a trap there isn't
there
of course oh I'm fucking it
come on move move move in front of it
come on
yep okay battery pack at the car Jason
knows what we're going for here
tense right the tense
Oh Jason chasing someone else
fucking fuck Jason I'm gonna get credit
for that right why can't I somebody else
pop no they didn't like it oh you have a
health spray it it glitch I couldn't put
the battery in a glitched glitch glitch
Jason kill with it well you know what
the battery and the keys are now right
there oh that was I mean was I so hurt
that I couldn't I had my don't I don't
think glitched glitch because he
couldn't put the battery in yeah usually
when you stand in front of the car like
that and you're holding at the battery a
little prompt comes up for you to start
the little put the battery in mini-game
the glitch has nothing to do with Jack
running into the trap the glitch has to
do with not being able to pull the
battery we've got two traps I ran the
trap over the battery and then the
second trap that killed me that's fine
motherfucker fuck
shit ass motherfucker oh no that was the
super traps trap by the way that Jason
had the mad trap strats all over the
place great yeah let's uh we all cut up
uh yeah yeah we're all kind of you know
here's here's an embarrassing story yeah
yeah there's an embarrassing Friday the
13th story and hopefully it will
highlight the problem with glitches rich
yeah I was playing a game and some
people were fixing the car the cops were
called and while people were fixing the
car I actually just hung out by an exit
because Jason was preoccupied with all
the car fixers so I just kind of hung
out we had like two minutes left and I
hung out and that's it as the timer went
further and further down Jason wasn't
bothering me as it turns out I was
hanging out by the wrong exit because
the cops can come from one of two exits
yep my bad
but the car was coming down and so I
decided to just hang around see what
happened with Jason and all the car
people and the car came very close to
the exit and then it was just me and
another person and the other person
started running away towards the cops
and Jason decided to follow that person
leaving the car wide open the completely
fixed car wide open so I got in the car
and waited for the start the car prom
yeah yeah and it didn't come and you
have to press a to start the car so I
hit a and Ida left the car shit I must
have done something wrong I got back in
the car hit a again to start the car and
I didn't see the prompt in my head there
must have been a glitch Yeah right yeah
shit there's a glitch and so then by the
time I got out like the third time Jason
had come back for me and killed me as it
turns out I didn't need to start the car
it was already started I could have just
hit the gas and left immediately you
told me that I regretted so much that
you were not streaming I know his laugh
would have pierced many people
but but like that's the problem with the
game that has so many bugs is you're
never quite sure if you're doing
something wrong or if it was a bug the
people afterwards I was in a very good
group and the people afterwards said
that they were just yelling at the
screen waiting waiting for me just to
drive the damn car out of there and I
didn't let's see if I missed one
Mississippi I didn't get it blackjack I
know I know classic Jack I'm sure
reading well I figure this shit out sure
this is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like Tron or no trod no three one one
who says is this how you attach a
message to subscribing
yes Troad no three one one rewinds
something I'm not seeing a miss tip
rewind something there were a couple
anonymous ones that I glossed over I
mean yeah I mean I'm not saying it try
Xing out and starting it up again just
just to err on the side aeryn aeryn
let's see here's cinnamon cinnamon says
in our hearts you guys are the top of
red letter media are are the top of the
red letter media Cinematic Universe well
behind best of the worst and blanket I
also have in the back but way way above
game station 2.0 well thanks cinnamon we
appreciate it
let's see here purple space bazooka who
has subscribed to us for 29 fucking
months in a row says hey you groovy hack
frauds twenty nine months and glad to be
part of this summer camp murder spree
curious is there anything from e3 you
guys are looking forward to take care
and Friday my 13th personally I'm
interested in that spider-man game that
could be interesting no I like the
spider-man's a lame Arkham game with
shitty QuickTime events
fucking not saying it could be fucking
wrong but I if I'm gonna get hype for
anything it's gonna be that oh that ugly
costume man that dumb ugly white spider
but maybe there's a lot of combat maybe
there's just swinging around and doing
something I like that but what we saw
didn't look that exciting the parts of
Arkham Knight that I liked we're just
flying around the city and running it at
a group of guys and fighting them no no
that was that was the part of Arkham
Knight that I really liked if I can do
that a Spider Man I'm okay bruiser ink
says I added the extra eye to my name
hope you guys are happy not my fault
13-year old me couldn't spell and 32
year old me isn't any better WSC telegin
for 35 fucking months in a row as far as
I know telegin does not have cancer so
we are not doing the fireworks a month
early we've established the rule yeah if
you have cancer yeah you get fireworks
at 35 absolutely or whatever I mean you
know let's be honest as long as you're
even remotely close this new subscriber
over 14 months in a roses is the watcher
on are you reading this we are and it is
dark wings muck says I just found out
last month that I can subscribe for
three for free through Prime I could
have been subscribing to you bums for
the past year whoops
my apologies you prick beer coaster
welcome welcome
oh that's what you're welcome no you
pregnant I mean thank you thank you you
prick I think what Richards trying to
say
tofu ace who says ahoy-hoy don't you
worry dark wing schmuck it's up to
Amazon now if they can afford organic
grocery stores they can afford this
dynamic duo
let's get fraudulence that's true Amazon
just bought Whole Foods interesting
interesting
well they've also like Amazon has
recently started like a food delivery
service not just like like groceries but
like restaurant food like Amazon is
getting everywhere in the future yes is
every store are going to be Amazon is
that the only way you're gonna be able
to get any kind of goods it's kind of
looking like that is through drone
delivery of Amazon yeah yeah yeah and
I'm gonna be kind of okay with the
economy's gonna be fucked yeah it's
gonna be no one's gonna have money
everything's gonna collapse
it's gonna be just a big vortex of death
and poverty but for like a month it's
gonna be great I'd like for a month I'll
be able to get like I'll get be able to
have beer deliver it to my house by a
drone and it's gonna be great in a world
with no competition one company has what
it takes to ruin America once like like
they've they've already swallowed up all
the big box stores right it's all Amazon
now once they find a way to swallow all
Walmart's pretty strong stole oh sure
Walmart don't deliver to my front door
like Amazon do once they find a way to
swallow up all of like the mom and pops
like if Amazon buys Etsy we're done
we're just done okay all right and set
flow pathetic which is my where other
this one uncle of lies here's my monthly
tithe to the Church of hash tag project
Hornet whatever the hell that is
possibly possibly nothing possibly a
story someday we got nothing we got
nothing to show for it so far it's fine
it's fine don't worry Potter what no you
know what I have a lot of emails well I
know a lot of emails to cheer for ah Lee
Raza for 16 months in a row Holi Raza
says Jack you keep the front heel of the
breads so that the next piece doesn't
start to dry out oh the butt the front
button of the bread
um it's in a bag man it's in a bag well
a lot of nothing goes I am wishy-washy
and stupid by the way not because of the
other people are working on project
Hornet or doing very good work the army
of people we have helping with the army
of two we have an army of two who are
working very hard on project Hornet
maybe we should yeah maybe they say no
we're at one point we're moving for
great at this point in the in the
timeline of project Homer is it is out
of rich and eyes hands it's into the
people who actually know what they're
doing and so basically like it's emails
back and forth and they're talking about
things I have no idea what they're
talking about so all right I just kind
of got uh oh yeah where we had no fear
no envy for 28 fucking months in a row
no fear no envy says Who am I
a little man who spent 27 years of his
life as a cop trying to put big shots
like you away 27 years in the filth and
the dirt in the streets and they ain't
no music down this classic classic
voodoo manga guns ax or sub magma guns I
think it's mama oh yeah voodoo oh mama
Gonza nice exploding varmint deflator
mouse nice he's turbo Jesus five
thousand dobos oom oom lamby says it's a
magical day mister sweaty pants Jordanna
Jordanna says I bought up the Barbie
board games I bought up the Barbie board
games on eBay well Jordanna
joke's on you cuz I already got mine and
actually for Father's Day weekend I
forced all my friends to play it how did
that go they loved it of course because
it's ridiculous
they loved it I still have not been
queen of the prom so I'm going to say we
have to play it again I will not stop
playing it until I'm Queen look it's
just a lovely
like I'm like a time capsule yeah I just
want I wanted it in my collection even
if I only play it a couple times but I
got it I got the nice one with the nice
arts hemp 78 nie bleah she'd just say do
we say Jordanna but I miss Jordanna I
did Jordanna you did your go that I see
it now I read what they said now what
mid brings and brings a pill yeah
nonsense and a bad guys' love the stream
and the YouTube show thanks jack and
rich you're welcome kai lined a six lump
oh yes
lugubrious lugubrious the fuck is up
with your names people's lugubrious
heirs are you getting the errors that's
their errors oh there's an errors after
that sick sick name oh all kinds of
fucked up lugubrious as it is a tricky
word six laborious errors lugubrious
well they fucked up our names too so
it's fine this is hi Joe and Rick oh
okay good
I knew you guys talked about this ages
ago but I just need to agree that Rob
Liefeld is a fucking hack oh god the
worst hack he's a dick
he's a dick and a hack a dick hack he's
passionate about comics sure I'm
passionate about space travel that
doesn't mean I should be designing
rocket ships I'll be a whole lot of
entertainment another SpaceX ship is
blown up today we we would be mad but
we're making so much money in the
pay-per-view that it's kind of paying
for itself in seventy five attempts not
one rocket has failed to explode on the
launch pad here's the thing they're
exploding and new and more interesting
ways the thursday's attempt at the
SpaceX launch the rocket started
spurting burning jet fuel all over a
crowd of thousands row build-up
thank you for subscribing just this guy
you know for 30 fucking months in a row
says this makes me feel old yaadon 78
evil crash 914 months in a row
silly putt d okay DJ man 1975 respected
citizen unknowns are strikes L W take a
brash a dirty gray brandy B whiskers
cuddles captain Canada says loving this
new best of the worst spotlight series
Oh Hollywood cop was a great first
episode keep it up you had frauds I
can't wait to see it can't wait to see
how it turned out this time
it's lupus for 20 fucking months in a
row says hey rich and Jack I've had some
serious stomach issues who excuse me so
I've missed some streams I swear it's
like every day ends in I think that's a
joke it's kind of the odd chance that it
might be considered a best of the worst
spoiler sorry this time it's like yeah
top ramens for 28 fucking months in a
row says yo thanks for the new bTW the
future famous person says Wow 9 months a
little bit longer than the directors
worked on the Han Solo solo film before
their asses got fired
take that Lord and Miller go back to
creating quality and profitable rehashes
of other people
property Lord Miller haha go go back and
make another successful movie John
Elway's teeth this is five months of
prime 7 ye f ro FET turn smuggler 44
bars one in one stir Jamal troll purple
Toon Link walrus to the brush Tim
Salmons and Boren gentleman bears who
says I was excited for my twitch prime
loot box but then I got a jug Angie's
skin and I was sad there are people who
can mein Genji I still like Genji is so
I've never been able to have a
successful he's gay he's the sword guy
right he's the sword a game that's full
of guns but like he has throwing stars
but like Ganges all about movement and
like he climbs and he he has the he has
the ricochet he can parry yeah
so if someone shoots at him he has a
thing that shoots their bullets back at
them and he can be incredibly powerful
with the right Gangi player so you need
to be good you need to be good and I'm
just not good enough to be game ji main
space Jack 2084 for 16 months a neurosis
it's a long road that's got no end but
at least I get to see digital teens
stumble around trying to escape a giant
that's true we got that going for us
that Bojack turned core Oh
hardcore says I went to poop earlier and
I watched you guys wow I pooped using
the twitch mobile app which is available
for iOS and Android devices possibly
still on the Windows Phone car go to the
twitch the to the twitch app to watch us
on the go subscribe like comment using
the switch Prime you're so fucking
pathetic right
Tyrande the ancient 18 months in a row
eric of the north says thanks for all
the awesome streams you are the best
lady Denning from nineteen months in a
row El Pollo Diablo six five seven says
you are very right rich incentive to
stop dicks might be the most important
thing in a multiplayer game yeah anybody
who leaves early it should be like you
get the guaranteed three matches where
you're not gonna be Jason then if you do
it again that's three more yeah and it
stacks up until you get to 20 the the
tough thing the tough part about that is
figuring out who like left a game
because they're not Jason and who left a
game because of like a network
connectivity issue right right and so
it's like then you got someone who just
can't be Jason because their internet is
shit or something and that D
incentivizes them from playing but this
one Ivan Lee mazed and Confused numb
dosa ass are ba 81 John 1089 421 fucking
months a neurosis thanks for keeping me
company while I study you guys are great
here's hoping that your academics
prosper Quinn sobbing niak this is rich
did you hear how every day ends oh yeah
aimless course Eris's good evening Hugin
and Yunnan was a big fan of the novel
I've been quite enjoying the American
Gods TV series Wow and they either have
either of you read the books or seen the
shows it's one of my favorite books
really really interesting modern fantasy
about myths and America and I'm not
familiar with either I do hear good
things about the show
yeah it's a Neil Gaiman book okay
so I've heard good things about the
books in the show I haven't done haven't
seen either already their quality pick
soul says pineapple on pizza is amazing
lol love thy neighbor colitis bunk it's
done you should have just brought it
wrong deliberately that's what I would
have done I would have said pineapple is
the worst topping on pizza lol love thy
neighbor and I would have just left it
at that sure sure that's the way to do
it that's why I do it
cool I know Skype in 20 says hey Jack
and rich longtime viewer of a short time
suburb of U of you talented fucks but
off-the-wall question what's your
favorite kind of sandwich and toppings
also jack did you ever get into MF DOOM
MF DOOM is a rapper no and I haven't I
have not gotten into MF DOOM I know he
like he is he's one of the big names as
far as the indie hip-hop scene is
concerned just never got around to him I
don't even know if I've heard an MF DOOM
song sandwiches what's never spend a
sandwich in a burger a burger is a type
of sandwich so the burger counts as a
sandwich sure okay good double
cheeseburger lettuce tomato mayonnaise
onions mayonnaise
you know what mayonnaise on a burger is
is I think an underrated condiment yeah
I love mayonnaise on a burger get that
get that fucking mustard out of here
I'll throw up
I don't want ketchup anywhere near my
goddamn cheese and you know what pickles
can just fuck off too
not nowhere near as bad as the
aforementioned you know I don't need
them you don't need them if you don't if
you don't have Mayo I'm okay with cheese
pickles on my burger cheese and pickles
I don't think pickles and mayo
necessarily go well together but you
know if we're if we're talking
traditional sandwiches you need you need
some crunch in there right so you need
some nice lettuce not like that that
like fluffy green stuff like the green
spin Billy stuff that's I hate that -
you need like iceberg crunchy yes I'm a
Mayo person so you know for me it's like
meat lettuce mayo I'm not big on
tomatoes unless they're diced onions I
think can go fuck off but Mayo Mayo Mayo
all the mail all the mail everywhere and
if you're not if you're not counting
burgers as a sandwich I just I don't
have a particular favorite great where
did that leave off that that's a great
question I think you're on this one
actually I think you are on that one
because I read the previous did you yes
it did well there you go Emperor
guillotine chronic kidney disease
gibbous moon for twenty two fucking
months in a row Shibboleth TC 209 says
hello lol ride my Jade uncool aid man
for 32 fucking months in a row says 32
months in a row that's longer than I've
ever done anything
oh God now zuru for 12 months in a row
and the zuru says prereq f bot push
level dougie jones dougie Jones says
I've never done anything for six months
Ryan from MI or Michigan as it should be
right Am I yes Michigan says get out of
my dreams and into my car nice no
seriously get into my car we're running
away from Jason go quickly quickly I
better be the fucking driver well do
your car okay okay
ah Schmitt 84 for the side did the sushi
did nuts I wanna say foo see dydz nuts
who see dydz nuts
great a booty smack Iraq and booties
smack Erick says thanks for the awesome
work guys
fluff my muff consider it fluffed thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
alright so so the Hans solo solo movie
what is seriously now what is the big
deal
okay so Lordan Miller the important
thing about them as directors is they
work really well with already
established property and they always
find a fun twist to put on their movies
making it interesting for critics and
audiences alike so they're being fired
from a movie that's already an
established property doesn't make any
sense
because they they make money on their
movements
