Nov 5, 2017
Mario Odyssey
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/927269304176922625

[Part I]
purpose my finger was hovering aha
and my my hand you know examiner --vs my
hand my wobble of my my hand it was
enough to push the button in we started
before we might otherwise have liked to
have started stay on target
stay on target how's everyone doing hey
everybody welcome to this dream I used a
new profile to start a new game of
breath of the wild I'm gonna use that to
start a new game of well you can start a
new game just in your own profile how
many can you have a bunch yeah you so
you don't need to switch your profile if
you don't want to so I think you did in
breath of the wild yes and breath of the
wild yeah a whole new profile but here
you don't know went right into the game
well yeah yeah you gotta go to options
yep and then go to load and then new
game yeah they go that's how you do it
it's a little it's a little convoluted
and you know like I like the old system
of just like you know you get three save
files or something like sure can name
your save files that was nice hi
everybody welcome this is fine it's just
it's just hidden how's everyone doing
we're doing great we're doing we're
doing great we got some things to talk
about we were you know what just before
the stream started we were talking I saw
the Thor yeah I saw the Thor this
morning it's a pretty good movie ok it's
you know what it's a really good so you
think it's a really good movie despite
your hatred of Marvel space stuff not
just Marvel space stuff anytime we get
into like gods fighting okay it becomes
too big for me to latch on to do you
hate Superman isn't that basically just
a god fighting um but the
Superman usual the way Superman usually
works at least the stories that I like
in Superman he is uh he's not
necessarily fighting another god he's
like rescuing people
he's fighting normal people but his main
concern is rescuing people this is
literally God's fighting this is you
know Thor versus hella right right and
no spoilers no spoilers for Thor cuz
obviously just came on but I think it's
really good the action is really great I
love the bright and colorful world full
world Jeff Goldblum should be the star
of that movie as far as I'm concerned
the comedic spin that Taika Waititi took
was very nice said the director the
director is okay take Kawhi TT or what
Kiki oh god I'm gonna that sounds like a
soda muse racist Marvel character who
hails from the hills from Africa thank
you what type of ytt he's from New
Zealand he used to be Tony Stark's
manservant but no he's like the movie
starts off with just straight-up jokes
which I like I like the tone it's it's
like the whole thing has a really good
tone because like they say listen this
is about a man with a hammer going you
know through space and fighting big
monsters let's have some fun with it and
I like that but you know as soon as we
get to like big like gods fighting and
like power levels start getting off the
charts I I lose that personal connection
yeah spider
spider-man right right he's a kid he's a
kid who's in over his head and he's just
he's just trying to do what he can ah
that's easy I can grab onto that right
but you know this is this is God's
fighting lava monsters fighting death
itself yeah fighting magicians you know
where it's like but the action is great
a lot like though the movie is really
good but yeah we're starting to get to
that point
we're like infinity war like an are you
out you're out check I need I need I'll
wait until they reel it back in until
they soft reboot the whole thing and now
you know but if this is like how they're
gonna do it with the action I'll be in
for the action but I just don't want
necessarily care about anything but well
yeah what we do in the shadows is a
fantastic movie I still have not seen he
did a movie called boy and a movie
called hunt for the wildered people
which I have not seen but what we do in
the shadows is brilliant so we didn't
see it you started from him like a mini
same yeah this is a new you're starting
just dissolving brand new Andy what
you're hoping what you're seeing what a
no-frills run the it's the things I need
to move on in the story I'm not gonna
not gonna dick around I like it
yeah not worrying about stars not
worrying about everything anything okay
okay just one thing
what kind of by Palmes yes I can okay
on for the will do people's fucking
great I've heard I've heard nothing but
good things about hunt for the world
with people yet I had not have not seen
it I wouldn't call this a speedrun no I
it's my optimized strat for minimum
possible times right a lot of Thor is
really good well we'll get into more
authority we'll give rich chance to give
you guys a chance to see it it's all
it's all very good it's all very good I
recommend I recommend people go see it
even though I don't necessarily you know
care about the characters the action was
really good something that's not a
spoiler because you see it in the
trailer Hulk fights a giant fucking war
like come on that's it what else you
need the Hulk fights a giant wolf it's
all you need it's an end yeah it's great
it's great it's all great and it's funny
and it's funny it was her first mind
rape of the game
I mean Mario is is forcing his mind into
unwilling participants yes yes forcing
them to do things they don't want to do
he's forcing others to put themselves in
bodily harm so he can achieve his goals
yeah this is uh he's mind raping the
Mushroom Kingdom
all kingdoms really
Thor was so good I agree special but
pants Thor was very good it was a very
good movie
Thor's are very good really though it
was part of my my entire weekend it
capped off a weekend of me being off
I've been off all weekend right yeah I
bought tickets to see Thor we decided we
were gonna go like on Friday so you know
yeah I mean the family will go see Thor
and you know I use I got a little app on
the phone buy tickets it's great if buy
your tickets on your phone you even get
to pick out your seats it's super great
right we get to the theater today
and I start scanning my phone to get my
tickets and it's not showing up so I got
it I can't use the automated machine I
gotta talk to a real person like a chump
right don't talk to the real person this
is nice and it's not skin and on my
phone either Oh cuz you bought these
tickets for a different movie theater
not for this movie I was like I'm sorry
well it's alright we have a movie right
around the same time so so far still in
2d you know talk to them they'll refund
whatever I record and then I go to the
concession stand buy a couple of bottles
of water accidentally buy flavored water
not regular bottles of water was that
bad yeah well yeah I asked favorite why
don't you why is it you yeah I I don't I
don't much care for it unless it's
sparkling like regular regular flavored
like okay asshole are you have you ever
had that like propel Fitness water now
it's it just it tastes it tastes like it
tastes like watered-down flavors it's
gross it's super gross but any queso
just slightly off everything's been just
slightly up again I was able to take
care of it just slightly off I am a look
Roy fanboy in fact I have some luck
Roy's chillin right now in the
refrigerator and I can't wait to bust
him open that fucking the love Lacroix
but here's where it all started rich I
had a costume party to go to this
weekend the kids had a thing for their
school who's having a big custom okay
okay
and a Halloween costume party and I
didn't want to wear my ghost costume
anymore uh-huh because it's annoying
overdone
and Oh super overdone no it's annoying
you know really you you don't have a lot
to see in there's not a lot to work with
so it's like okay I'll make myself a new
costume I've had I have all day it was
on Saturday I have all day to make me a
new costume and I said to myself like Oh
what do I got here I have some LED
lights battery powered LED lights but
then you're half in the bag just one up
have fun watching the new half in the
bag we'll probably still be here when
it's when you come back haven't have a
good night that's your real fucks given
now it's yeah it's hard to even be
surprised anymore at this point such as
life such as life in any case so I have
to add some LED lights right that was my
only that was the only thing I had to go
to work with this weekend when it came
to costumes and so I was looking around
my house and I said to myself oh you
know it'd be cool I had these unused
headbands that we were gonna use for the
ghost costumes to keep the ghost costume
you know on our head right I got a
headband I got some LED lights I'll make
a little brain sucker parasite thing
okay like a Metroid I'll make like a
Metroid stick it on the headband and
I'll have like a like a brain sucker on
my head okay and so I went over to
target because they're having like you
know get rid of all of our Halloween
crap sale and I found like this dinosaur
head mask yeah I said oh perfect it's
got teeth it's got scaly skins and it's
$6 because it's on in a 90% off right
right so I'll cut it up and use the
teeth and cut up the face to make it
look like tentacles for my face sucker
mask and then I'll put the LED lights in
a you know like a some sort of ball
thing with a saran wrap and you know put
it all on the headband right yeah
thinking that it would just be so an
easy costume I wouldn't have anything
blocking my eyes and a little brain
sucking parasite it'll be fun I'll spend
all day hot gluing it together and I did
and I made it and it looked all right it
didn't look perfect but it looked all
right little teeth on my head I had some
red felt like - like teeth to go on that
made it look like blood I had little
tentacles
covering up the headband and going over
places and like a big glowy brain thing
right this is not bad yeah a little fun
thing to talk to the other parents about
that the kids school function and then
like an hour before it was time to leave
it disintegrated under its own weight
well that's not good because the the
dinosaur mask the rubber that they used
the glue wasn't sticking to it uh-huh
for some reason I'm from a hot glue gun
it probably sounds better than it was
absolutely yeah it did it didn't look
perfect but the point was it
disintegrated I could not use it it kept
falling apart so then I had one hour to
come up with some sort of clever costume
and I didn't have a lot you know like I
most of my costumes are here and so I
didn't have a lot to work with so what
am I gonna do for a costume I started
rummaging through my closet and through
like
little wardrobe stuff of what am I gonna
do right and I found like a gray suit
like the in a gray suit with like a
white button-up shirt I think I work for
space cop last okay okay okay so guys we
got that to work with I'm running
rummaging through some of like the kids
dress up stuff and I find a a wig like
an old wig that I used when I was
bizarro we went as a yeah Superman and
the super family super family that wife
one is Supergirl and I went as bizarro I
was like okay but wait a minute so I
find my wife's old Supergirl costume and
shisui head she has a nice a Superman
emblem the s emblem like we made we cut
it out of felt looks really nice and
again I got it so put on my bizarre wig
I put on the superhero end emblem and
then put on my gray suit over it but
unbuttoned it a little bit and tucked a
little red fabric in behind my neck in
my suit and I went as Clark Kent I went
as Clark Kent and I made myself a little
Daily Planet press badge and you could
barely see the Superman logo underneath
my white shirt and a little red cape
sticking out that's cute no one got it
until they read the press badge but I
thought it was clever and I was really
clever and the you know it was the only
thing I could make in under an hour or
so right right but I felt pretty good
my friend Justin oh yeah it's no it's a
fun costume as soon as people got it
they were they were super into it and
then you know like some of the kids
would be like I know who you are you're
Superman hunt
I'm just Clark heads oh yeah you're
crazy
and they wouldn't get it but their
parents with each other that's that's
super fun I was pretty happy that's
super fun that kids got it and you went
along with a bit anyway that's amazing
once you once you got your bit rich you
got to stick to your bits stick to your
bits I know listen
it's it's also important that they get
their half in the bags up as quickly as
possible I know I know I don't blame
them for uploading their half in the bag
now that being said would a couple of
hours of gonna it's gonna be fine
kind of years we have three what three
viewers three viewers yeah I say it's a
two down down to four now you know
they're nice they'll turn the sound down
at us don't watch half in a bag in
another tab just to keep the views we
appreciate I have that much faith in our
fans Jack and you know we're not we're
not gonna start the stranger thing
season to talk until we're at least an
hour in and so yeah that watch it now
watch a half of the bag now come on back
for stranger things talk it'll be great
numbers seem pretty much the same yeah
that's because they've muted us nope I'm
just gonna leave yeah that's fine that's
fine do you care well yeah this isn't I
don't consider that a spoiler saying
that the author's had no idea what to do
with 11 I don't think that's a spoiler
unless people didn't know that 11 was in
the new season but they know what to do
with her or they did it with her the
question is is is Jay saying that they
didn't know what to do with her
considered a spoiler no I disagree with
Jays critique but no that I don't think
that is a spoiler right he was getting
some shit online for saying that saying
that it was spoiler territory
unless you were foolish enough to think
that 11 was not going to make an
appearance but she was in the trailer
and she was in the promotional material
like she was giving interviews like
people knew if she was going to be in it
so
so no III spoiler-free ie I thought the
second season was slightly less than the
first season overall but you know pretty
fun pretty well get we'll get into a
whole bunch of stranger things talk
later
maybe not what's now what we want yeah
oh you go and do that I'm gonna I'm
gonna have an odyssey now tomorrow game
it's fine this is a fine game
you know what it is rich it's a fine
game it's not my favorite 3d Mario game
that's a good one though it's like but
that's like right it's like it's still
better than a lot of other games it's
still good it's just so you know I don't
know if I'd call it great but it's good
it's fine it's fine how's the difficulty
well it's insanely difficult just like
every other Mario game is there's
nothing new right it's fairly easy
unless you want to 100% it and then it
probably is harder on your patients than
it is on your thumbs yeah oh sick burned
I just I just came up with that I just
came up with that all right this year I
this this run is gonna prove that this
game is not tedious Jack if you don't
bother to get every single thing you can
you just do what you need to do to move
on okay we're here you keep the pacing
up that's that's what we're here for
rich how how how fast can you do it get
to the top of that tower rich so I'm
gonna do after I change my hat oh yeah
that's stupid captain's head maybe there
were a captain's uniform
now you might get that later I have
noticed in the shops like one thing you
know there's a lot of cosmetics to this
game if you can get 9999 coins you get
the skeleton body and that looks pretty
awesome you know what I like more than
that but I'm old-school
it's the classic Mario outfit where the
suspenders are red and the shirt is blue
oh that's a good one that's a good one
I've played most of the game as Mario
maker Mario oh yeah with the yellow
helmet Jack that's not Mario maker
that's wrecking crew Mario who Mario
maker Mario used oh why whatever it is I
fucking love it I love them in his in
his yellow hardhat and construction
outfit it's great I spent a little bit
of the later game as Luigi that's you
wearing a Luigi shirt you're not moving
no I was fucking Luigi because I like
Luigi better
why isn't Luigi in this game why they
not used Luigi when they easily couldn't
they they just don't care about the
weave you like they used to
I never did we have we were gonna have a
year of Luigi remember like you got a
new game it's a very little fanfare well
I know Luigi that's a great question we
don't know we don't know the answer to
that star on one of these right I do
need to give the bare minimum to get to
the next section well what is the
payment
I thought you're just gonna do bare
minimum I need I need so many stars well
do do this story first and then figure
out then figure out how Elizabeth Lunas
right there that I'm telling you what
the most efficient that's not the most
efficient thing the most efficient are
have fun fine just story just story rich
yes story once you once you start going
on these side path there's no stopping
nice Thanks I gotta say it when I need
to redo you the review I'm enjoying this
more what I'm enjoying this more now
that I'm not spending a lot of time
dicking around yeah yeah the all the
recording equipment and heart and thing
is still here we can do it after after
the stream do an amended end and then
Dammam that's when we can do that we
just we just recorded our review
SuperMario which was positive I know
that's making it sound like it was
negative it was I was I was at 80 not 90
if you want to talk about scores 8 out
of 10 you did the score thing and that
far away I don't know it's just I did
that just - I know you did a whole score
thing and I was like what then I felt
pressure to do score but I didn't I
don't know what a score is
one of those is working now first CD
Projekt RED nice
well thank what good welcome German
brothers glad you got a job for said
that project a little update on my
Witcher 3 run I played a little bit more
yeah now that I'm done with mario
odyssey and i still have not met this
Triss person i was supposed to meet
you're supposed to decide the lady that
you want either Tris or hennifer and I
still have not met Tris and I'm starting
to think that she's some sort of
internet joke Allah removing skeletons
so we will we will see shortly I got to
play another 20 more hours before I meet
her I would not be surprised by now the
big game that's a big big game that with
your three prereqs has Mario galaxy's
for babies no prereq really likes mario
galaxy yeah I really like Mario Galaxy I
think Mario galaxy's a fine game I put
that number two on my list of favorite
3d Mario games the galaxies they're not
fresh enough in my mind for me to be
able to tell you definitively whether or
not I like the galaxy games more than
sunshine
but I'm finding both of those I put
sunshine up are these know what our
would have an story necessary ones I
know I gotta get somewhere from here I
forget where you need to get I need to
give this to activate the bridge so I do
need to do this you need to get disease
sunshine sucks you are incorrect west
coast
why does it why does sunshine sucker
sunshine is the greatest I'm willing to
have a discussion on this why do you
think sunshine sucks West Coast guys
coast here's your chance it's your time
hold on defend your hate I'm gonna click
on it so I only see what you say West
Coast flood flood is a great addition to
what is amazing flood makes the fucking
awkward 3d platforming work flood gives
you so many more options for movement in
a well and a margin of error that you
desperately need in 3d right but also
like just the whole like speed of
movement like spraying water in front of
you so you can slip and slide around
it's great floods great floods a great
addition
you hate flood I need some more
specifics here West Coast
what about flood makes you hate flood
because I'm a huge fan of flood yeah
just from a gameplay perspective flood
is amazing agreed
oh we're gonna get to Episode seven
don't you worry about that
we got I got some things to say about
episode seven what does flood flood is
the the backpack water gun slash water
jet slash hover water nozzle that you
use all throughout Mario Sunshine that's
the gimmick of sunshine as you get this
like you get you get a water spray hose
thingy it's a gimmick that makes the
platforming better and more versatile
and I guess people hate it it's crazy
that's crazy sound it does so many
things and it's great West Coast has
given up his argument beyond I hate
flood all right all right it's a great
argument no and you know what beyond
flood it's it's a fun world vacation
land is great some of some super
memorable levels like you remember you
remember the ghost mansion yeah one
shine that was fantastic
I know I know I've gushed on flood but
the the levels without flood but they
were just meant to be really good
platforming levels that were linear
platforming those were great section the
the areas in which they literally take
flood away from you and you have to you
know navigate yeah platforms platforming
without the aid of flood those but for
this exploration stuff I want flood to
make exploration less of a chore agree
getting around better jumping makes more
sense like 3d where am I looking at my
shadow more than I'm intuitive them
playing and what does that Huzur now
hover nozzle help you tremendously with
the 3d platforming flood was great why
is the world in love again
why are they marching hand-in-hand it's
right there Jack I'm sorry oh my god
everything right there he's literally
right there on my way to the entrance
yeah I think like the the areas in
sunshine where they took away flood and
it was just beautiful platforming was
the
was the inspiration behind galaxies
right which is great I mean galaxies
great as well
and seeing mr. for the the fact that
Mario does feel a little slippery in
sunshine gives him some movement that I
prefer here in galaxy actually I feel
like Mario
I feel like Mario actually stops dead
which isn't how he was in the NES
Mario's and the NES Mario he had some
hits and momentum to him here when you
make a jump you just stopped dead and I
don't like that it feels weird when you
stop dead in your jump just that one
going I thought there might be a heart
capi gives you more options than flood
no bigger Cappy only gives you the
option that's in front of you flood you
could do anything anywhere Cappy you
only get to take over the one specific
enemy that's in front of you that
uniquely pertains to the puzzle that's
also in front of you it's a puzzle thing
there's another and they move slow
usually the things you possess yeah
other other than bullet bill who is in
this one specific level only right the
other I mean Cappy does let you do the
double jump but that's it guys talking
about Mark Mothersbaugh mark mother baz
score for thor ragnarok which was great
yes Mark Mothersbaugh did the score for
for is that he's the guy from Devo okay
he makes great scores
yeah his uh his score for the Royal
Tenenbaums is beautiful
camis coat of underwhelming I don't the
possession mechanic week cave nah its
weak rich and you know that's neat but
that's got nothing on flood right that's
the thing like but that's it like that's
the one trick that Cappy can do it gives
you a bit of a double jump that's his
trick which is nowhere near what flood
gets you exactly
Conan's Lou there conan slough odyssey
by itself is not enough to get a switch
I don't think there are enough games on
the switch that that makes it worth it
not sure but I don't think odyssey alone
is enough to get a swing but there's
enough on here you don't need just you
don't need a hata see there's a ton of
other great games this is the first time
I hear someone prefer flood over capi
sorry
totally this totally is underwhelming
Cappy is super underwhelming
Happy's fine fine that's that's my whole
thing with this game fine you get it
yeah I missed because 3d platforming is
awkward I can't land on our head
properly follow your shadow
so yeah as Elda if you don't have it we
use that getting a Zelda's working Zelda
is worth a switch if you don't have a
Wii you
flood takes jobs from unemployed yoshi's
there I said it I like it can I get the
coins before the statue boss what coins
are you talking about
and why do I need to get them hmm okay
now let's see how many more moons you
need to get in order to get out of here
I think it's a lot well you have me
skipped everything on the way
yeah ones that were fairly easy to get
yeah just cuz I'm I'm curious I got I
suppose the stories that oh these guys
haven't mastered Kathy's moves that yet
what the cap jump here huge rich just
did it like eight times there I've
mastered camis moves that literate you
your master you're a master artists here
these sugar skulls are adorable look at
him look at him just adorable how much
have you played beyond beating Bowser
I I beat the dark side of the moon I I
have over three hundred moons I've gone
to a couple levels after the Dark Side
of the Moon and you know I didn't unlock
that but I did mess around on the
Mushroom Kingdom for a bit yeah
dreamer TK yes you are getting an
official review of the game we've
recorded a bit before the stream and now
rich wants to record a bit more after
the stream so hopefully that'll be out
in the next couple of days
mr. Rana the Mushroom Kingdom then I
went to the cap Kingdom yeah and I saw a
peach standing there I I completely
ignored that bitch Oh
stranding me on the moon yeah she tried
to strand me on the fucking moon after I
rescued her from a giant rape lizard
kind of a bitch move I mean wow yeah
yeah didn't even talk to her Jack she
strains you in the moon after flat-out
rejecting you
listen York she doesn't owe me that but
she knows ask me a fucking ride home in
my own ship that she stole so I ignored
peach I went straight I went straight to
Metro City
what's Pauline up to yep oh hey girl you
it's your birthday I'll get you a
birthday present
giant rape blizzard yes he's giant
and he was trying to forcibly marry her
I am assuming that he would also want
some kind of relations at some point
this this is my assumption that's a
pretty fair assumption
how are we doing now well at least
hopefully if the audio just died you
didn't hear like a giant shriek like
what happened last time
good here we go oh great
for some reason the are zoom which we
use to interface our microphones with
the computer stopped working I don't
know why Fire Emblem fangirl says I'm
now addicted to star to Valley because
of you do you think again that why oh
sorry Oh keep going
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
okay okay we should be on now okay
we should be gone now sorry
you
you
you
you
you
okay okay okay we're having a problem
with our USB hub apparently yeah I don't
know
I'm saying levels on the xsplit we're
back that's a horrible temporary
solution okay which one is the mouse I'm
not even sure great turn what is that
they both logitech yeah then I don't
know hey everybody we did it
the funny part about it is rich started
a little bit where even though our mics
were working
he just stopped talking but apparently
that bit was moot because our our
everything our our everything our
literally everything stopped working so
this is fixable rich this is we need a
new hub yeah we just need a new hub okay
I'm on it I'm on it
whoo Jack don't explain too bad too bad
I explained it that was quite the
technical snafu but we did it we figured
it out our hub is straight up Busta fied
I mean we need to figure out a well
figure it out don't worry I'm no I'm not
to worry another thing I hate about
sunshine is Delfino Island and its
citizens
all right you hate anything about the
game that isn't superficial what's wrong
I don't I don't know super cute the game
feels like you're on vacation
yeah tips for a new hub I don't this is
like our second or third hub don't worry
we'll get there
yeah Delfino was great hi his majesty
Henry Baxendale the art design to this
game is muddled look a lot of it's very
good like I like a lot of the worlds and
creatures but then we get weird stuff
like a photorealistic dinosaur and
that's and I kind of like that
so for weird
super weird yeah new dog I agree with
you a man slew I think new dog city's
supertrash best bit of the game this
you've done City Oh new dog sitting
there man I mean you get Pauline mob
spirit lots of neat areas to platform
off of Mario was meant for freaking
urban environment man sure
oh there is okay everything's fine
where's our mouse probably not getting a
good signal from all the way over there
oh dang son of a bitch how long is the
court on this time oh wait wait wait I
see I see it I'm one thing that thing
cheese and crackers yeah yeah having a
normal proportion human with Maura
around is weird it is weird yes because
that's the that's what was wrong with
Sonic oh seven there six or whatever the
fuck year was I had none through a game
play being poor from a from an art
direction standpoint it's weird it's
weird to have a cartoon Mario hanging
out with normal people I agree and it's
weird the same with a dinosaur galaxy
had tons of amazing weird visuals and
they had to compete with that but just
being awed that was their solution this
is great see like these guys are odd and
weird but still fit within the world of
Mario and I think it's great look at
look at those guys they're adorable so
you wanted something standard this is
fun I want something that feels like
it's a cohesive art direction not
slapped together assets yes
along we have Fitz own mouth situation I
know I know
besides my response is I don't mind the
the Mario next to human things that's
it's fine it doesn't bother me at all
I like new dog city I like rich is so
condescending something because I like
something which doesn't disagree with me
he's condescending fuck off that's kind
of sending great great weird really well
where'd we leave off oh right oh man
let's see here anonymous says about
stranger thing I'll get back to all of
your stranger things tips later emo duck
says hope this makes up for the lost
audience thank you emo duck we really
appreciate that tip it sounds like I
really appreciate it - really appreciate
it - that'll that'll go a long way to
getting us a really nice USB hub nice
nice yeah I really appreciate that emoji
some worlds are beautiful while others
are just bland and off gray you know
like I I really like this world I love
the sugar skulls and I love like the the
old Mayan stuff I think this is really
great
something like the snow world felt like
just got snow in it the creatures in the
snow world I love those little puff
balls they're adorable but I hate motion
controls well I hate this game no you
don't need motion controls I have I have
over three hundred moons and I have
never once used motion it's only really
useful for this that's much easier what
the motion controls you're the mattes
agree but what I'm saying is you don't
need them you don't you don't need to
use motion controls at all that's not
the pan find it implying in the car if I
stop to get that one I wanted to get
we'd be on our way over me I wanted to
see so how many have you had to get
outside of the main story three three
okay this is for alright that's great my
view just one one one in the sand it's
great it makes it feel like a treasure
it's just fine to find it in the dirt we
Jack you're not impressed with the snow
levels because you live in the north
you're almost Canadians right no snow
sucks I just thought it was bland at the
level yes well that's the other thing as
short but I the the the adorable little
creatures in the level were great
why moons though what's wrong with good
old stars and it's fine either way
really it's just thing you need to
collect be a fucking scold and spatula
wouldn't make a fucking difference in
fact like in when you get back to the
Mushroom Kingdom
even though they still call the moons
you are just collecting stars so
that's what Oh scoring I don't know what
that means so sorry what did you think
of the Mushroom Kingdom by the way yeah
that's yeah it's okay it's fine
it's it's a castle it's familiar and the
surrounding areas is my new Dodge City
was new it was different
yeah new dog city was different hey you
know what you just swap out all of the
creepy looking human people with curtain
people and I'm fine yeah make them all
look like Pauline cartoonish and I'm
fine with it all swapped the normal
realistic looking taxi cabs for slightly
exaggerated cartoony looking tax cabs
I'm good let's see what we got here
uncle sporky says hey dudes recently
found your streams have watched a lot of
Friday the 13th you maybe want to watch
the series as I hadn't seen them before
I liked five more than most people six
was really good
one was six again is that the new blood
that was the psychic girl was that six
or was that for no no war was the one
word kid Tommy no eight this yeah no
those were kid Tommy Jarvis kills Jason
is that for yeah that's for what Corey
Feldman so six is the cycle five is thus
5 is the psych ward with older Tommy
Jarvis and no actual Jason just a
copycat Oh 6 is Jason lives 6 its Jason
lives that's what that's what zombie
Jason and then 7 is the one with psychic
girl it's been they all they all mushed
together in my brain there's no way to
keep track
six is New York and a boat no let's say
eight Jason and Manhattan yeah that's
right
Jason Takes Manhattan yeah yeah that was
near the end yeah that's that's the
problem at like you know I've I think
I've seen all of these movies in the
background of my life just over and over
again they all mush together every
single one of them they're all mush
yeah well you're Amish kid they don't
like it kind hearing you mush mush kid
you're mush kids music what are some
worlds that you like in Super Mario
honestly God besides me Byung City which
we know you love this is the music is
great yeah I don't mind the world we
came from that's a good level yeah yeah
I like the desert world do we mind
spoilers no no spoilers all right all
right so what's the split the last
storyline one
I'd say that's that's we just said it so
yeah you could say the moon that's not
super spoilers it's kind of spoilery is
it yeah yeah I'm not worried about
spoilers in a Mario game I guess because
when I got to the moon I was like oh
shit that's awesome we're going to the
moon yeah and then I jumped on the moon
like oh shit there are moon physics
yeah there's mood and gravity which is
great getting somebody easy to grab once
on the way because it makes sense all
right man you do you
don't spoil us if Mario beats Bowser
again right gameplays spoilers we're
very sorry for spoiling the fact that
Mario goes to the moon bottom l see
Mario in new and weird and different
locales that he's been through before
him that's the theme of this fucking
game the moon there you go that's that's
all that's all the the joy I can muster
for this game is it bigger
is it big Laura and we're taking Mario
out of the Mushroom Kingdom but I'm fine
with it but he's been in the fucking
universe the universe did look just like
the Mushroom Kingdom that you are
incredibly incorrect you don't remember
the galaxy then the galaxy had a strange
and amazing worlds the galaxy had levels
where you know it was just like giant
toys and and weird industrial levels
there's all sorts of fun stuff in the
galaxy
I might have played this left on the
livestream I don't remember well I'm
gonna try and get through it quickly
though yeah riches riches busting
through which isn't getting anything
anything extra just how fast can we get
through the story that's the name of
game
champion of shunt yes I agree with just
kind of like it's fine it's not great
let's the Netflix movie about the giant
pink Oh about the super pig and it's
like I wanted it to be more than it was
because it looked weird and interesting
and it was like it's fine
I didn't I didn't I didn't big it so Sir
Richard loves this game with Jack Hansen
rich really likes this game I'm stopping
short of love but I really like this
game and Jack less so I'm more on the
map I'm more on the mass spectrum of
this game I don't it's not a straight-up
hate like I think there are a lot of
redeeming qualities to this game but
it's like a of course there's nothing
that they're easy to get one nerd is
this gonna be like a see that well like
this is fun is there some fun
platforming over here you know stuff to
do chef rich you know could get it
together
there you go the jacket like this less
than Mario Rabbids no I like this more
than Mario Rabbids yeah as far as 3d
Mario games go this is my least favorite
but also it's not my least favorite game
of all time it's fine game
I don't know how Mario 64 isn't
everyone's least favorite every 3d Mario
that's come after Mario 64 has just been
an improvement of Mario 64 Mario 64 for
me is third right above this it gets it
gets extra points like there there were
some there's some good platforming like
some good levels don't you lose your
shit it's still a fine game but amongst
the 3d marios I rank Mario 64 on the
bottom
I do yeah sunshine for me is number one
I put sunshine at my favorite 3d Mario
game I would rank that as number one
what about 3d world different style of
game and they're not really great
comparison right 3d worlds of 2d well
it's more of a traditional platformer
than these xplory kind of games yeah so
like for me it's sunshine galaxy 64 or
Odyssey that's how I would rank them
galaxies pretty darn close to sunshine
also did we ever play sunshine on stream
no never have that's a great game dust
off the Gamecube bring it in
was there a Virtual Console version of
that yet can you play that on the switch
there there is no Virtual Console on the
switch or there's the Neo Geo ok so they
don't they don't have old Nintendo games
on the switch like they did with the Wii
U and the week I don't think so actually
I'm trying to think of an example
yeah they probably will later but yes as
far as I know they don't have any any
sort of of classic Nintendo games on the
switch
favorite Mario RPG game I love the Paper
Mario series Paper Mario and Paper Mario
the thousand-year door great games was a
fantastic games West Coast why are you
so grumpy
they'd boys coast is not a fan of
sunshine right what west coast why do
you hate everything it's like West Coast
you hate everything and that's obvious
about how you're talking about Super
Mario Sunshine
I think rich could get into Paper Mario
because it is a turn-based RPG but you
do stuff all right I like I like I like
Super Paper Mario ver that know the
combat was you jump on things right well
like I was explaining Paper Mario too
rich a little bit ago and you know you
you go to your you know Excel
spreadsheet drop-down menu and you
choose jump and then you choose which
enemy to jump on and you don't
physically run over and jump on him but
there is kind of like a timed press for
bonus damage and then there's something
you can do to kind of block attacks and
so it's not just the Excel spreadsheet
drop down menu there's stuff you are
doing during combat sections where I
feel that rich could look that I feel a
rich could have a better time than a
normal turn-based RPG so this music yep
know the music in this whole game is
quite is quite good I'd say how early
did you guys get the switch right when
it came out we got it right when I came
out so we could play broke the wild work
expense oh yeah we had to pay extra
because the person who you know there
was none left near us and so the person
who could get it to us had to ship it to
us it's an easy one I'll get him so we
had to pay a little bit extra so the
person you know could ship it to us but
well worth it
oh thank you
gas can prime more money for the USB hub
yes I will I will look into a quality
USB hub for us it doesn't necessarily
need to be USB 3 it just needs to be
powered but that's what we figured
right before but you know what I'll also
look into just kind of a longer standard
USB cord for the zoom and we'll just
plug that one in separately and then get
a nicer USB hub to plug in over here
all right we've probably been streaming
long enough

[Part II]
all right we've probably been streaming
long enough do you want to to throw down
a spoiler if you want to because I have
a lot of tips pertaining to season two
and stranger things right and I think
what's all right what's our uptime at
it's been over an hour so heads up
everyone
we are officially about to talk stranger
things season 2 this will be full
spoiler we're going full
spoiler later spy load them thanks
for stopping by sorry for anyone who
hasn't watched it yet I tried to give
you as much lead time as possible
because yeah full stranger things season
2 spoiler coming up at yeah boyee many
things are wrong with me rich so let's
talk about gatekeeping and fandom
there's oh that's the worst that's what
we talked about that a couple streams
ago any anyone who says like you're
enjoying this wrong or you just don't
get it that's that kind of gatekeeping
is what is I think the the
leading cause of toxic fandom
I think there's there's a bunch of
terrible things about whoopsy you know
what hold on I'm gonna grab another
water really oh
you grab you grab what you need to grab
you smack into more thing and you have
another water
I'm gonna get three from the boss and I
need one additional one and my last this
one nothing I just need to grab one more
quick star get it okay here we are
season two spoiler talk overall
something I said before tell me how you
feel about this Ridge yeah I didn't
think season two was as good as season 1
overall overall no ended about as good
show oh sure yeah I liked the ending a
lot I mean I know that's not to say it's
bad it's to say there are two good
things one is slightly gooder than the
other it starts really slow yeah
that is true it starts really so they
they have a lot of exposition work that
I don't think is necessary the kids are
around looking for the monster
or the the tiny monster I was about this
right stupid where's the focus well
that's the whole thing season 2 didn't
have the strong focus that season 1 yeah
season 1 is we've got to find will will
is missing everything tied into that
every end and you know there were three
groups of people there were the kids
there were the teenagers they were the
adults they were each doing their own
thing in service of the exact same grade
and so it was it was three notes working
and harmony here everybody's off
doing their own thing everybody you got
you got you got a Nancy and older
brother whose name I can't remember
doing their own thing you got some kids
doing this they got other kids doing
this older brother the Wills older
brother
Oh Jonathan yeah yeah I think I think
you're talking about Mike Nancy's
brother mu who's younger but why do you
talk well no no but like you know Nancy
and Jonathan we're often this you know
doing this thing you have half of the
kids looking for a little monster and
the other half with will in the in the
compound and just ever everybody's off
doing the thing
you know who I loved though yeah is Bob
oh sure but Shawn asked him this season
made Steve really likeable oh I know I
know they tried to redeem him last
season I still didn't give a he was
a prick well last season if you remember
they they defied the bad boyfriend trope
yeah which is neat which was great like
Nancy could have chosen Jonathan but
decided to stick with the boyfriend who
turned out not to be a bad boyfriend
right this season they went balls to the
wall reverse like Steve is a good dude
Steve is the good dude
protecting kids he's be even too even
drove Dustin to the dance I don't get
that I don't get that I know they
connected this season that was taking it
a bit far oh I love it though if you
look at this as a movie from a child's
perspective that like befriended a
teenager is the coolest thing in the
world right and so like that was
Dustin's cool moment he prefers it as
teenager but yeah also a little a little
weird like Wyatt Wyatt driving Wyatt
driving your little friend of the dance
but yeah they connected I you know what
I guess we'll start with episode 7 and
just kind of work our way around that
because that's the only thing people
care about what are the tips -
oh sure though I can go back to the tips
now you're right all right they're just
gonna talk about episodes that's fine
then that's how we get to Episode seven
anonymous says about stranger things
Episode seven was amazing if for no
other reason than it did something
different everything else felt like a
tired watered-down rehash of season 1
season 2 was OK at best I think scene 2
is really good but - to go to your point
of rehash and you know to harp on my
point of not as good as season 1
the season one had some iconic imagery
the the the lights the Krampus lights
yeah iconic that I mean that's a I've
seen that everywhere that's a Halloween
costume now like people love that yeah
11 and her Eggos like iconic
imagery they went too far were the Ergo
references it was cute when they did it
the season 1 yes trying to make it a
thing it's it's kind of embarrassing
super well sewed like that's the thing
the AYGO references in season 2 was
embarrassing instead of having the
Christmas lights which was a unique icon
iconic imagery they tried to have a one
owner writer make the map in her house
yeah when she oh she's gonna do
something else weird to her house she
needs to be that way to her house well
that felt incredibly out of place I felt
like rehash yes it felt like rehash they
brought it back around by by getting Bob
involved that's the only thing that made
that work yes okay can I say how much
sense Bob made yes we needed a bob we
needed a normal Justin or me that that
Joyce would want a bomb though uh-huh
made so much sense to me
stability any sort of stability woman
who married a jackass huh she go through
this monster nightmare held with her son
of course she finds just the safest most
pleasant guy to be with that made so
much sense it was great oh he he put he
was playing his best Patton Oswald
Sean Astin and just nailing it just
being a good guy all around being there
for the kids being able to help out when
they needed nerd stuff it was great
bob was great they killed Bob yep which
you know that happens that's all right
that no death had some meaning did you
watch the beyond stranger things no no I
did not work okay they revealed some
things originally he was gonna die much
earlier yeah
possessed will was going to kill him oh
no I would have hated that yeah yeah
well it was good was gonna be it was
gonna be earlier it was gonna be like
before he was that endearing oh oh oh
sure because I remember in the car when
he gives the advice that ends up being
really terrible advice yes I think
originally that's when they were gonna
kill him really yeah Oh interest yeah
the interest is this utterly it's
actually not bad advice but if you're
talking about a dream right but when the
dream is actually a monster that wants
to possess you it's Bob didn't know he
didn't know Bob didn't know he was just
trying to get it
turn around and face your fears you can
do it kid no I love that because you
could and you know Shawn asked him being
a good actor you could see that in his
eyes he was like I'd nailed that advice
that was dad advice and I nailed it I
loved it I loved it and so they they
killed Bob at the end but you know what
he still did a lot of good work and and
and that that up to the stakes a
character that we all loved was killed
off and that meant that other characters
might die well there's a character they
just introduced that season no and I
still feel fairly characterized that
Lentz a significant amount of weight
where I was able to suspend my disbelief
long enough barb barb and season one had
wait because she didn't know at that
point that she wasn't gonna end up being
one of the main characters also can I
just say that I know that a lot of the
barb storyline in season two was a
direct commentary on the fan outcry
after barb was killed in season one yeah
the Defra brothers were not aware that
barb was going to be as popular a
character as she was yeah and so this is
why for almost all of season two two of
her characters are around an
adventure that had nothing to do with
anything that that was going to be my
point while it was okay also I loved
Oh what's they who's the name of the
actor who plays the private investigator
Brett Gelman the guy with the big beard
oh I don't know the name is I want to
say he's bad with names
I want to say his name is Brett is that
his name someone in chat is about to
tell me yeah beard guy Gelman
I think his name is Brett Gelman you are
correct great he is fantastic he's a
comedian and an actor and and he's in a
bunch of stuff that I really enjoy the
more screen time for him in general the
better but yeah they just around
for a lot of couple days that was a cute
scene when I got together a nice payoff
but yeah it didn't have much to do with
any kind of main story that was going on
mm-hmm
yeah there were some there were some
uncommitted season two less focused look
that's the biggest problem still very
good but less focused and see I've heard
that a lot that a lot of season two was
just building up characters for season
three and I don't necessarily agree with
that I think this was a perfectly
encapsulated season given that we
finally get mostly the host
eight thing Chicago yes at seven that
mean that's that's for future down the
road I don't think that's necessarily
true you know we got here we got
something I was not expecting yeah a
true-to-life happy ending uh-huh the kid
that they went to the school dance
11 gussied herself up and they
danced and they just had a moment of
happiness is that a happy ending
I mean let me say something here oh all
right 11 and Mike kind of get together
right yeah that's cute that's adorable
is adorable yeah how many junior high
romances do you know that went the
distance
this is a
is so doomed to failure it's a TV show
and in my head they're together forever
mike is so because his ex is
going to have superpowers oh the two of
them are gonna you just gotta take and
he can't hide from her he can't he can't
like take a day off she'll just come to
him in the blackness he cheats on her
she's gonna squeeze his brain high but
you know what joking aside I was really
happy for the happy ending I was sure I
wanted that for the kids
I wanted that they had been through two
seasons of utter pain and horror let
them have a school dance I have
I have a weird complaint being on the
subject of of joking about their
relationships and whatnot I have a very
strange complaint and it bothers me more
than anyone else I've talked to about
this issue I've tried to bring this up
to a few people okay and this will might
segue into episode 11 a little bit so
Elevens whole thing this season was she
was trapped in the cabin right yeah for
her own safety which right is its own
thing but she kept reaching out to Mike
getting to Mike was very important her
yeah I just wanted to see Mike yeah she
finally breaks free tracks down Mike and
then backs off yeah and why does she
back off dude because she sees him with
another girl for one second and she
becomes super pissed that scene really
bothered me why 11 is not bound by our
social constructs she was raised without
ever meeting another kid for an extended
period of time
she would have no idea that other girls
are even a threat the the fact that she
gets mad at another girl for hanging out
with Mike makes no calm makes no sense
in the context of 11:00 this might just
be human nature uh-huh
and it might actually be worse in her
case because she's she doesn't have the
socialization to realize that their
dalliance could be just completely
innocent Mike's the only other human
being that she's had an interaction with
that wasn't like a horrible monster from
the government was seeing him with
anyone else I can see it I can see it
just didn't make sense
like that's the only like if well and
then see like then her leaving doesn't
make sense because if she immediately
perceives this other girl as a threat
she would run in there and take care of
it because she has no so she has no
restraint so the entire that you might
have played there well that's what I'm
saying on both sides of the of the coin
the interaction doesn't make sense the
jealousy makes sense to me that's a like
if what you're saying is there is an
there's a innate human there might be a
jealousy how many people do we know that
have been raised in a government box
right it's hard to say what would really
happen there are no examples it's it
seemed out of nowhere she's someone who
still is like getting a basic grasp on
the human language and we're supposed to
buy that she understands like what
relationships are because Mike is the
only you know non creepy human
relationship she's had makes sense that
she would be that much more attached
than that much more jealous yeah but how
does she even know this other girl is a
threat I I raised somebody in a box and
put them in the situation that we could
see what's accurate or not I don't know
it's it it seemed out of nowhere to me
it didn't make a lot of sense and then
to compound that during our training
montage in Episode seven eightt asks her
to think of things that make her angry
and like the thing that
helps push her over the edge is thinking
of Mike and this other girl
no I'll agree to that considering all
the horrible she's probably been
through I can see that bang annoying
with that was the tipping point yeah
okay right oh and I see a lot of people
in chat saying that while in her cabin
she was watching a lot of soap operas
and I have thought about this in fact
they they even show a little scene of
her watching a soap opera and you know
like two people kiss right if we are to
believe that she has learned this
behavior from watching soap operas then
they should have done a good job of
showing us that by watching a scene in a
soap opera where a girl is you know
scorned by another girl did then use
didn't notice you weren't paying enough
attention to what she was watching no
they showed one scene in a soap opera
alright alright
they showed one scene in a soap opera
and it was her and it was a guy boy and
a girl kissing okay yeah so but like I
agree with that like I she's watching
soap operas I can maybe make that
stretch but then the filmmaker should
have shown a very specific scene and
then we would have been like oh her
mind has been warped by only watching
soap opera so she's being overdramatic
about the situation because she doesn't
have normal social contracts that would
have made sense right but in any case
that's a it's a very smiler grievance
but it that seemed bothered me and it
does it doesn't seem to bother many
other people know yourself included
I'm probably crazy it's just a thing
that bothers me and I'm gonna be okay
then I remember right after watching
that episode and like I turned to Lisa I
was like wasn't that weird isn't that
weird that 11 like just snapped on that
ground Lisa's like what are you talking
about it makes perfect sense don't you
do that so weird everybody I've talked
to has disagree with me so I accept that
it's just me but I still think it's
weird
we'll get oh don't worry we're gonna get
we're gonna get to all of episode 7 in
its badness and its glory I I liked
episode 7 overall rich Jack grew up on a
farm give him a break oh come on oh wait
I can just go straight to the boss can I
because you get three moons from though
oh there you go yeah I'll get this one
real quick but okay then we're going
straight to the boss great anonymous
says stranger things talk episode seven
did indeed feel more like a pilot first
spin-off show but seeing how tired and
weak
season 2 was I'd rather watch that
spin-off than a third season of stranger
things
I don't season two and once you get once
you get map sub five and six it gets a
lot better it just starts really weak
yeah
they don't they don't have they don't
have the driving factor this time the
kids were all being stupid early on with
with dark obviously this is a
monster from the monster dimension that
you all know about why are you
around like this is some cute thing you
just found and why was that important to
oh my god I forgot his name already
Dunstan Dustin Dustin Dunstan I was just
as just stupid this season the smart one
from last season does every dumb thing
well and it's about him was attracted to
that animal like what rights he made
some weird decisions I because I watched
the after series show okay just trying
to impress max that's what they kept
saying but then the show also made it
very clear that max was going to end up
with well Dustin didn't know that
oh sure but we did well okay what does
that matter
if an audience knows something well
before a character that character just
seems dumb okay
Dustin does not come off looking very
good this is this is not something I'm
arguing yeah oh right right
Lucas was as it was his name was the
other kid's name yeah Max and Lucas were
a thing from the start
max in general as a character like I
know you got a you need the you need the
new character to explain stuff
did we that's a thing you need I don't
hate Max's character I don't I don't
know what purpose she served this season
she's the exposition dump
she's the the Stanley exposition dump
what if someone starts this season but
no all right all right who would do that
an idiot obviously all right you know
also you need you do like much like Bob
you need a quasi normal person
especially now that all the kids have
gone through weirdo things you need
someone to be like this is really weird
right you need someone to go WOW the
things you are doing are amazing right
because they've already been through
amazing things oh thank you so so they
needed that and you know what her her
older brother the Red Ranger aka the Red
Ranger I haven't seen it so the I
haven't seen anything I just know he's
the new Red Ranger in the Power someone
in the chance asking if he was racist
and they didn't have the balls to
flat-out say it they did it was kind of
obvious wasn't it I was waiting for him
to pull that trip right they just showed
him that having that that big of all
nope and I but it was quite obvious to
me that that's where they were going oh
of course
like he he's he he signaled Lucas
specifically several times and I wonder
whose call that was not to pull the
trigger on just like him like cuz
obviously he's a huge right he's
abusive like he's the bad guy it's okay
to also make him racist like whose call
was it not to pull the trigger on that
you face someone someone well it's got
to be the duffer Brothers Netflix is
usually pretty chill about with their
creators letting them do whatever they
feel is necessary no I know so
no he'd like he was so not gay it hurt
that that whole thing with with like who
being game what what is this is that
he's not only rate not only racist but
also gay it's like no no he's he's a
Playboy he's chicks man
where do they imply that only that only
the evil dad implies that oh that's
right that's was mean he's gay that
means he's got a prick father right no I
loved that scene with him and and Mike's
mom that was that was I was musing that
was hilarious that was hilarious I loved
it I loved him and Mike's mom by the way
is Steve gonna beat anybody in a fight I
hope not I don't want to miss well you
know why Steve is a normal person Steve
is a normal person who tries to fight
and fails I love him Steve is
the is the hero I'm already done with
this Kingdom the shower scene Jack
what's shower scene him and Steve at the
high school after a game of before a
game I forgot which but I don't remember
what happened about that same great hair
no great hair great hair I loved his
character that was perfectly over the
top
evil teenager sure sure I loved it I
loved every little bit of it and he was
great tell you the truth I was almost
hoping not to meet their parents look at
Steve's junk for the whole scene that
could have been just my cheese no mine's
bigger than yours I'm letting you know
what kind of thing I don't know
I did the rewatch it I wasn't I wasn't
paying that much attention to who was
looking at whose dick and the shower
scene anyway I I wish we wouldn't have
met their parents I you kind of
understood that they had abusive parents
I don't think that was necessary like he
was the prick this is a show from a
child's point of view parents are
peripheral Karen if that were the case
then Steve would have been the Perkins
season one they wouldn't never have done
that
they put a twist on it jack yeah I put a
twist on it you got a little reason why
is why is wise prick a little depth I
didn't mind yeah it was the step there
that was abuse I said abusive parents
but yeah yeah you know what I meant
mother's not doing anything to stop it
right obviously she's probably getting
abused as well but you know someone's
gotta do something
jerk having jerk parents is not a twist
I agree with that pan over we already
knew the password
weirdly Max's dad didn't seem like an
it just made me happy to see
someone who has power put the brother
put him in his place no no that was that
was the clap that's the classic jerk
cycle this is the reason why the brother
isn't sure right because he comes from
jerks and bla bla bla no that's that's
completely normal it does it humanizes
them a little bit but then he's still a
jerk when when it comes for the when it
comes time for the final fight Steve
gets his ass kicked you know like you
see you see Steve you know come in for
the sucker punch and and you know you
almost think through somehow he's gonna
do oh no you know got his face
punched in love it a lot of a lot of
good stuff in there
Paul Reiser with a good he was good a
surprise surprisingly deep bad man
scientist character he's not that bad
exactly he kind of there's an unspoken
their threat to Jonathan and Nancy but
not really unspoken because he also lays
it out in very practical terms like we
don't know what's causing this we are
doing all we can to keep everyone safe
and if you incite a panic people won't
be safe like he's also like or sure he's
being a very reasonable adult which I
love and just the fact that it's Paul
Reiser and there's a point you know
where they have a thing on radar is a
great little a great little poke back to
aliens I'm in the middle of a Bowser
fighter oh sure
you did it it's called complicated
character they just you know it's it's a
show that's full of tropes and
stereotypes as it should be and so it's
nice when they subvert the tropes and
stereotypes occasionally they're they're
obviously like manipulating tropes and
stereotypes and and I just I like I like
what they did with Paul Reiser it worked
no I don't think they went too far with
the references I think a lot of them
were very subtle and also like they
weren't referencing referencing anything
terribly like out of the world hope you
forgot about the tail yeah I thought
that was the end of the game you did
that oh you thought bob was a plant by
them yeah oh yeah yeah well that was one
of two ways you go with Bob either he's
he's the the innocent man who's gonna
bite it or he's gonna be the evil
government plant that's it that's what I
thought at first if he would have turned
out to be the evil plan I would have
thrown my DVR in the toilet oh I loved
Bob so much well I threw that notion out
around the time he was figuring out the
puzzle sure
does that do anything for you the Rick
plot isn't enough of a threat this this
tunnel is the digging tunnels okay we
gotta stop them from digging the tunnels
like I got it and you know at that point
I was just so bothered by the fact that
they tried to recreate the
christmas-light thing where I was like
fine
I was so bothered when she started
taping up the roots all over the place
it's like really this is your poor
imitation of the awesome Crisp Christmas
lights visual thing
but now I get it like it's spreading is
the threat it's spreading and we see how
it's affecting the local wildlife so I I
understood the threat so I was okay with
that and I loved the tunnels when they
went in the tunnels that was nice and
creepy the chat is talking about
checkoff strip wire oh the trip wire for
those who don't know there was there's a
writer I think he was a writer and
checkoff right and yeah there's nothing
to it Star Trek it has nothing to do
with Star Trek that there's a saying
called check-offs gun and and this
writer said if you introduce a gun in
chapter one it better go off by Chapter
three somebody's gonna fire that gun
exactly if anything you mention anything
you focus on should have something to do
with this story that's why I thought
there was gonna be more of an angle with
the government actively trying to get 11
back oh they're gonna set that on the
train together and it's gonna let her
know and they never did I guess it's in
her it did it did kind of give a nice
little twisted father-daughter bonding
moment for hopper and 11 in the
flashback when he's showing her how to
set up a tripwire sure I guess it you
know it has some function for just
giving them characterization but I guess
but like what a very specific thing but
right but see not only did they set up
the tripwire they reaffirmed the
tripwire when a 11 left remember
she you know she specifically stepped
over the tripwire they showed it not
once but twice it's possible that we're
going to do more than they actually did
it's it's just one of those things where
like that's a classic that's classic
visual storytelling is you set up an
object you reaffirm what that object
does and then that object pays off right
they set up the tripwire they reaffirmed
that the tripwire is a thing that exists
and then we never see the tripwire again
it's weird unless it's gonna have like a
huge payoff in season three but ya know
doctor dr. Dex says it would be fun to
subvert Chekhov's gun by constantly
teasing something but never having it
pay off you know in a comedy that would
that would be either a comedy or
incredibly frustrating those are things
that happen in bad movies my first death
well Vanilla Ice's says different
episodes were written by different
people maybe that's why that is the job
of something called the showrunner right
the person who is in charge of keeping
all the different staffs together and
focus that's the duffer brothers they're
in charge they hold that together
or at least they're supposed to
justice for tripwire absolutely justice
for barb justice for Bob but justice for
tripwire let's hold justice for things
gonna get really annoying in it you know
we'll see we'll see how long it lasts
but the season two has some issues
season one had some issues but season
two overall is still good mostly because
of the left over fuzzy feeling from
season one you just like all those
people you just want to see what happens
in their crazy world right justice for
Justice League absolutely
quick stars where we find quick stars in
this world not that fond of this world
this might be my least favorite yeah
it's hard to say I forgotten about this
world's existence which I suppose says
all it needs to say about how I feel
about this work right okay so now we get
to the real to the real meat of things
rich yeah episode 7 okay I come after I
saw it and I knew it was coming up and I
knew it was a thing cuz you know you had
teased it about it uh-huh I knew this
was going to be a controversial thing so
I was I was on edge I was a hyper
focused on Episode seven I was ready for
it right overall I really liked it I
thought I was kid yeah it didn't embrace
a little schlock but I liked but I
understand completely why people are
upset with it okay why are people upset
with a check it is a huge tonal shift
from the rest of the series and also a
big deviation from the main story see I
thought that was a breather because I
thought the main story was kind of weak
lame tunnels unfocused what are we all
doing what's the goal there's no goal
everyone's doing their own thing yep
that was that episodes purpose was
literally to get everybody huddled up
for the final push but I mean over like
with stranger things in general you have
to embrace a certain amount of schlock
episode 7 embrace a larger amount of
schlock but I totally understand why
people like it if it only brought like
it broke the flow because you know the
episode right beforehand left on a huge
cliffhanger right like that was the spy
episode I want to say it was the episode
before yeah so we don't know what our
hero's going tonight well no they're not
everyone we know and care about is in
that building so something's going to
happen is the possessed boy what's his
name well we'll some reason I can't
remember wills name so you know yeah Oh
wil has been the enemies inside of him
oh my god everything's going crazy we
know so much information now let's all
take a break and go to Chicago for a day
all right I get it I get what people are
upset is all I'm saying
and I do think that there were ways that
they could handle that episode
significantly better if she would have
gotten there a little bit faster and
they would have broken it up through a
few episodes maybe had no they couldn't
see alright okay alright here's why you
can't here's why you can't take that and
break it up over a few episodes no it
needs to be self-contained
because it is so totally different is
there a way that in breaking it up
through several episodes you don't make
it so totally different or is the fact
and here's the a this is a legitimate
question okay it is playing off again
this this the show is nothing but a
collection of you know tropes and
stereotypes and this is literally
playing off of the kid goes to the big
scary City trope is there a way to do
that and be totally similar to kids in a
small town I don't know I don't know the
answer to that
I don't mind the way they did that and
it needed to be where it was too because
it needs to end with her finding out
about the cliffhanger yeah because she
that's where she knows she's got to go
back and you can't do that earlier
before we have the initial cliffhanger
or it just spoils that it's NC here's
another thing I also think it is
incredibly necessary that eleven leaves
town yeah that she needs to grow on her
own some exactly like she has spent her
whole life trapped in a building she
can't like just hang out with the only
people who have ever been nice to her
because that doesn't give her any
character growth like Jay was I talk to
Jay about this yeah
and he thought eleven should have spent
a lot of the season like in the and in
the upside down and she should have
really come back towards near the end
like well then you have a little girl
that hasn't really had much Kurt she's
not relatable at all at that point
basically you had like and then our hero
is just somewhere someone suffering from
Stockholm Zin it's I agree she needs to
leave and show us that she wants to come
back and that's what that episode was
all about and so it's like I do think
that she needs she needed to leave I
don't necessarily think they handled it
oh wow right out of pause there three
times on this world let's cuz I'm
distracted this cuz I'm distracting
eleven was alone in that hut for a whole
year why would she need to leave town
because she'd been on that lot for a
whole year and it was driving her nuts
she was trash she yeah but you have a
girl who spent her entire life
imprisoned yep
by a a harsh man yep and then she
escapes and then she ends up kind of
imprisoned by a harsh man and obviously
we know that what hoppers doing he's
doing for her own good but she doesn't
necessarily know that right and like
let's say she just stays in the cabin
and learns a lesson and saves the day at
the end it wouldn't have the same impact
because like is that really her choice
like if hopper just called her on the
radio and said oh my God we're in
trouble and she came to rescue
one and it's just like I would she's
been sitting in a cabin for the whole
time like she needed to leave and then
want to come back
well she shows back up she's wearing her
80s punk gear and that's just totally
that's just totally awesome give her a
little cute makeup spray it's great Jack
if you dislike 11 getting mad at a girl
express your issue with eight speaking
in an Indian accent and fully capable of
living as a criminal in a big city what
what who and the what and the why and
what what what what are we talking about
why are we talking about it this is
penny kettle in chat who says jack if
you dislike xi getting mad at a girl
which i had my issues with as we talked
about earlier express your issue with
eight speaking in an Indian accent I
think it was British wasn't yeah okay I
think I think it's a British accent
first of all and being fully capable of
living as a criminal in a big city I
don't have any issue with her having an
accent and living as a criminal in a big
city having an issue with seven eight
why would that be a problem I don't know
that's what they're saying in chat and
by the way it makes so much sense that
eleven might fall in with a group like
that because seven yeah has not had a
normal childhood she's only known abuse
yeah she is a recipe for becoming some
kind of up criminal runaway oh
yeah
and then you know a rich mate 8 and 11 8
and 11 so wait what's the there's no I
don't understand what your what's your
issue with with 8 being a criminal in a
big city I'm waiting for your reply Jack
people don't have to make sense
well I'm I'm trying I'm trying to try to
do something here they they seem to have
a very specific point yeah because
especially because they brought up my my
dislike of of 11 being you know
incredibly angry at a little bit a
little girl so I'm waiting for it I'm an
8 seem totally used to life whereas 11
seemed like a fish out of water right
because 8 has been out longer I again I
don't understand what just move on just
move on we're moving out we're moving on
88 has been out longer also 8 has the
ability to quite literally disappear and
so like the fact that she's lived it's
not quite literally baozi practically
you know he was the ability to
practically disappear as far as everyone
else is concerned she has disappeared
what I'm saying is she's a good criminal
like that's a really good power for a
[Music]
long we're moving on know like but you
know so episode 7 had a few things that
needed to accomplish we needed to
establish that 11 wanted to be in town
I missed this my first playthrough
that's not our cap start yeah Oh in this
world yeah
well there's this I was so excited to
get the new dog city I kind of just I
got through this world laughs fast as I
could
yeah so in any case we need to establish
that 11 wants to be back oh that's a
great that's fun we also need to
establish some sort of growth in her
powers and I I could understand also
that people are upset in our little
training montage
did they hate the Empire Strikes Back
where our main hero had nothing to do
with anything anyone else is doing for
the whole movie and spent this time with
some kind of mentor figure learning to
hone powers and going on what was
basically an entirely separate adventure
and spends what is like probably one
maybe two days on Dagobah and then he's
a Jedi Master yapanese is everything
fine no I carry do it on my back for a
little bit I'm a Jedi he's gonna be
sorry in two things episode 7 was
terrible a fan our fans really hate the
Empire Strikes Back
yeah they do I know they do they do and
I know they do episode 7 is needed but I
also agree that they didn't handle it
perfectly yeah sure was a lot of things
this season that weren't perfect right
right but it but it was a needed episode
and to be honest I liked the breather
things things were getting set up
you knew the finale was coming and so
let's get all our chickens together
let's take a moment take a breath and
then a boom boom last two episodes right
nice
[Music]
so we're 40 minutes really necessary to
accomplish that her powers growing by
being angry was already established in
the last scene with eleven when she
destroyed the hut yeah that's just glass
breakin that's not that's not a big show
of power moving a train car is a big
show of power the episode wasn't all
about her moving a train car
you know Schmucker going out a little
journey of self-discovery there was also
other things happening in that episode
finding our own place in the world and
and also finding out a little more
backstory on the department we now know
that there are more of them we learned a
little bit about where 11:00 is drawing
her lines like we learned we know the
Brenner's alive possibly yep yep yeah
yeah there were there was that episode
did some work and I know everyone is
saying hopper can crawl around and some
tunnels and do nothing how about
that
that's a llama had nothing to do that
season other than early on you know with
11:00 there was some nice bits but yeah
there's a nice big spare in general he
was pretty useless you know I felt like
you look at some pumpkins and I was not
terribly into it I'm gonna take a look
at these pumpkins I'm gonna go back out
and take a look at those pumpkins I'm
gonna go back out again
and take a look at those pumpkins oh now
I'm gonna go on take a look at the
pumpkins and dig a hole with you I mean
he did dig that hole now I'm gonna get
lost and Bob's gonna need to save me and
you know I like Bob I'm just saying
hopper hopper did not accomplish much
this year now he his purpose was clear
like he was he was especially the pump
oh the pumpkin thing that was
establishing why the tunnels were bad
why like oh it's spreading it's
destroying life as we know it that's
important
why did hopper never tell
eleven what was going on in the town
because Hopper is acting as a father and
he is treating eleven like a daughter
and a little girl and not like a
superhero and a TV show as we know she
is his objective is to keep her safe it
was especially his own daughter died so
just doubly so with keeping eleven safe
it was a misguided attempt because you
know like obviously it failed for him
because she ran away it was a misguided
attempt at relieving the pressure on
eleven he didn't want eleven to fight
this fight he wanted her to be a normal
girl that was his that was his goal so
no that made perfect sense
[Laughter]
perfect perfect by the way uh cricket
bones I thought that too as soon as Sean
Astin showed up for a split second I was
like is that patent is patton oswalt in
season two he looks at what he looks
just like Patton Oswalt yes like him I
recognized him but it took me it took me
in two or three seconds to be like oh
yeah they are there Sean Astin I'm glad
he wasn't just hi goo knees fan surface
yeah
think they did something with Robert sir
Rob was brilliant it took me a while to
identify Paul Reiser oh yeah I haven't
seen him in years he's now he's now fat
and old well but happens to us all but I
did not recognize him at first
oh he's now fat enough yeah you know
that's fun but we should all be so lucky
I'm not putting him down
no no I just did not recognize him yeah
yeah that was I I recognized Paul Reiser
but I think I've seen him in something
recently where he did look a little
older so I was I was prepared for that
I guess I'm younger than you guys cuz I
can only think of Lord of the Rings
yeah I'm Goonies yeah oh nice forever
Goonies he's great as Sam we got lots of
love for Sam wise but you know forever
Goonies
he'll forever be that one guy who showed
up once in the Ascension millennium
music video that's what he will be if
you remember the essentially I didn't
know any of my ways I can leave I'm done
here
[Music]
get off this rock we're going a new
double sucks we're going to new Dunc
spoilers over yet oh no this is the rest
of the night yeah they come up they come
up sorry no I ant walls weren't bad
could've been like a couple weeks right
one no it's fine it's fine one and a
half weeks why didn't you watch turns
your things season two yet I think is
what I'm saying we gave you all sorts of
warnings I you know yeah if by the way
and if you have Netflix what at what
else has there been man like Thor just
came out this week and that's only a
movie there what else have you been
watching yeah we're kind of at all
spoilers all the time I'm trying to I'm
trying to think of uh of just other
things that I liked or or really
disliked about the season most of it
m-most ago we covered already I'd be I
would be perfectly happy if they didn't
make any more
I felt I felt the decline in this and I
liked the ending enough where it's like
okay the kids are happy I can imagine
them being happy and figuring their
out I want it to end right now oh I like
that they're not ending their seasons
with horrible cliffhangers yeah
a mild ones
maybe like the end question bar so the
end yeah okay they do more I won't be
against it yeah at this point I don't
know I could see it I could see it
turning bad and I don't want it to we'll
see
and if it does use ignore it because Dan
sees do how that's the ending
you can't man you care you can I can't a
Stephen Dustin spin-off okay now you're
talking
I know really I just want Steve I just
want Steve walking around being a good
guy and up all the time
Steve he's the greatest yeah
don't jump that shark like I would love
to see them just call it right now we
did really good
let the tougher brothers who are good
just make a new show make a new show
guys
it's going yeah well and that's the
other thing is these are all child
actors who are getting older and we
don't know we don't know a lot about you
know they're awkward years and is it
gonna be weird when they look older
let's just call it let's call it now
rich call it now while it's still okay I
because it has an ending already if they
up season three I'm perfectly
willing to ignore season three if it's
bad and they can make season three I'm
not I am not willing to call it I am I
like it right now I you know what I
don't want to see some three I'm at the
casino and I just won $20 I've been at
the casino for an hour and I'm up $20
I'm calling it say this is Becky it's a
bad analogy because season three isn't
going to cost you anything season three
is a free spin well no it costs you it
cost you time okay yes it cost you a
little bit of time and time is money
then don't watch season three if they if
they said you can you can have a free
spin but you have to stay at the casino
for another nine hours that's what
season three is can't win if you don't
play the game okay that's what no that's
what they say when they know you're
gonna lose that's what they wonder throw
my hat but I was stuck at a fire hydrant
I didn't want to shoot at
you know the the the less you have of
something the less holes you can poke in
it and I'm really comfortable with where
stranger things is at the moment so I
would love to see them just call it here
i pentium nightmares welcome all right
so oh you know what and we've been
talking stranger things so much I've
been completely ignoring tips my
apologies happens
happens doctor lube it up says
listening in the car again so no
half-open what did i do what did you do
I I did all the bad things so now half
in the bag for me until later going to
the farm today when Jack says he grew up
on a farm I know his pain Internet up
there is awful so last stream for a
while
very sorry about that I know like I have
some family members who still live kind
of out in the country ish area and they
like they tell me their internet woes
I'm like how do you live man did you see
how an incredibly dickish that thing I
just did was no what'd you just do I
just mind raped a couple of goombahs
okay made them walk off cliff and then
jumped out of them Wow and it's like
here's the thing the good the goombahs
technically they're the bad guys and so
you know we can't feel too sorry for
them
Mario is stone cold bastard Mars
kind of a monster this episode who's the
real monster Mario
yeah but Bowser just wants a life he
wants a wife and you know ki maybe some
more ki Bowser kids to be fair he's not
all that concerned with consent what no
in fact just the opposite yeah he knows
she has said that well I get you know
what have we ever heard Pete say no well
she's screaming for help the entire time
and Olli right no you're right that's
right you're right I'm sorry
you're right
goombahs mushrooms their mushroom people
yeah
actually in isn't in the first market
like aren't the goombas like the
inhabitants of the mushroom came here is
the disturbing thing yeah it's not the
goombas it's the bricks that's right
that's what it was in the original Mario
well no but aren't they also turned into
goombahs like Goomba Zen bricks I don't
think there's any mention of that the
bricks that you're smashing are the
people you spend you spend most of Mario
one murdering the Mushroom Kingdom
that's true
in Japan goombahs are kuriboh which
relates to their word for chestnut it's
sort of a pun in Japanese all right
great
according to these super mario brothers
manual goombahs are traitorous mushroom
people
oh gosh ray turists a traitorous but
they're not transformed they're not
innocent right okay so so it's okay to
mind rape them and make them walk off a
cliff so you can jump around the tank so
you can jump slightly further way to go
rich and you know what shy guy site also
has a decent point here a shy guys site
says if my friend turns into a brick I'm
going to assume it's over for them at
that point
wow that's cold you're not gonna hold
out any hope like you suddenly turn into
a pile of bricks what my first thought
is gonna be oh well sure your first
that's gonna be ah but not I need to
find somebody who can you know you think
I'd turn into a brick maybe somebody can
turn back I don't know yeah here I'll
just keep these pile of bricks in this
nice row over here oh and I'll make them
float in the air so and everyone will
know there's something weird
no one will break these yeah yeah
traitorous to whom traitor is too peach
in the mush peach to Princess Peach sold
out to Bowser yup Bowser the Koopa King
yeah King Koopa if you will and of
course you will
hello we get Johnston welcome to the
stream let's see here where are we
anonymous says I think you guys worry
too much worry too much people care more
about stranger things to review than a
Thor review thought I would say you
should have Jeon I thought though I will
say you should have J on upload a half
in the bag live on stream just to
complete the mean like J will come on
stream on the laptop click publish on a
video and then leave that's actually not
a bad idea I think that's pretty funny I
like that I actually like that one let's
see here John 1089 says hi guys thanks
for working hard to fix the stream audio
here's some money
yes J probably sabotage you for faster
views on half in the bag that tiny
bastard yeah rich and I know the game we
know the name of the game here which is
get your review up as fast as possible
we don't get early copies of games Mike
and J don't get to see movies early to
get a review out when other people's
reviews this is very true normally
reviews come out on Friday but you know
the day a movie opens in theaters that's
when you want your review out if you
know anything about proper video
placement and topical videos that
YouTube actually has a bunch of really
helpful tips about this is there is a
hype cycle it goes like this
no oh way down oh you caught yourself
great there's a hype cycle there's a
hyper amp it ramps up until the date of
the thing and then sharply drops and so
if you are making any sort of topical
video the closer you are to the point
the better you don't want to be too soon
you don't want to make your video
too early about a topical event you want
to get it right before the event happens
to capitalize on views but because we
don't get anything early we can't ever
do that and so for us it's just trying
to catch that tail as much as possible
and it's the same for Jin Ling so hey
the movie came out on Friday they got
their review up by Sunday good for them
good for them don't let us get in your
way guys but I mean maybe wait a couple
hours you know it's fine
happens
of course I mean you dumb a stranger to
talk in general I mean it might come up
here and there no come come up here in
there I'm trying to think of anything
else that stood out to me bothered me I
enjoyed immensely
yeah controller aiming my weakness yeah
your thing I'm still aiming with a
controller which sucks well yeah hey
you're thinking no look you did it
perfect what was the verdict on Max and
Billy I liked as far as characters go I
liked Billy more like alright I don't
know
they added enough to this season my
panel Oh Billy was great
he was the Ditka the teenager
he was great I don't I don't hate their
characters just the season wasn't
focused as it was there's new people on
top of nothing else that's going on I
don't think I I don't think max got a
fare I think max had a raw deal her
character did not have a lot to do and
gods like running through molasses I
hate it
[Laughter]
her character didn't have a lot to do
and she was she was more she was more
plot device than character like I had
the boy the boys want to impress her if
she handed something to a main plot that
was fine but she she didn't right that's
what I'm saying like she did she just
didn't have a ton to do like maybe
enough a father worked at the Hawkins or
something sure that would be nice
and you know and you know he's an
abusive father and then the boys got to
like stick it to him by like making it
look like he broke in or something yeah
I know sure that'd be great
but yeah you know fine yes
I loved I just loved how over the top
Billy was yeah like he wasn't just an
he was a fine villain he was a
hyper the sports car the the the
womanizer the you know he's into his
hair steve was the king of the school oh
not anymore this badass is coming in
that's scene with him and Mike's mom
just cemented my love for him just just
hitting on the mom where are we at on
time how quickly am I making it through
this game
give me one yeah I'll tell you we have
been streaming for two hours and 15
minutes all right all right halfway done
right no a little less a little less
than halfway but it's it's probably
possible to beat the game in maybe six
hours I'm sure their speed runs done but
been done by now or will be they'll be
quick nothing quick runs in this game oh
sure
Jack thought Billy was fine he also he
was you know I'm saying
you're going to slow your biddies you're
blaming them for you not being able to
jump rope alright let's see here
anonymous says just because something
doesn't fit into the world that doesn't
mean it's bad rich Evans doesn't fit
into the world into the human world and
we all love them rich Evans you are
beyond human you are more human than
human doing grey rich am I am I really
we're saying speedruns for the game
right now are around one and a half
hours that's impressive
get stuck get the moon start go go go
what's my favorite thing in the world
Oh lots of things are my favorite thing
in the world
Pauline first before the musician thing
starts right yeah she needs the band to
come and play it a thing let's see here
the blue prism says hey guys I felt like
most kingdoms in this game were a bit a
bit too small in my opinion am I crazy
we're not crazy I agree with you well
some of them were but not all of them
you dodge pretty big Seaside's pretty
big desert towns pretty big yeah
mushroom kingdoms first sized yeah like
for me like it doesn't matter about the
size it just matters about like you know
depth density density and it's like but
you know like this puzzle in particular
this challenge in particular it's not
necessarily puzzles where she's like hey
I need musicians to come and play at my
show where could they be and there's
like literally a drummer with it you are
looking at a drummer right now look for
him let me at least go look for him
pa
[Music]
yeah I believe good yes every flip you
flip flip let's see here LJ Travis is
taking a break from a thesis work
tonight thanks for making me laugh
tonight you are welcome are they are
they welcome I don't know jack I don't
know if I can concur with that
[Laughter]
what here we go Brown Adam Sandler says
open open nope sorry sorry how about
Hyuk nup says since you want to be on
stranger things what did you think about
the Max and Billy Ark that was cut I
don't remember what that was honestly I
don't remember I did not watch it what
was the max Billy storyline that was cut
a chat someone tell me someone tell me I
never played bioshock infinite I'm sorry
it's all right
it gets repetitive after a while and
then story well it's neat by the end it
gets so full of itself I'm getting a lot
of people saying incest I don't remember
that at all honestly I don't
[Music]
yeah might not have been paying
attention when they were talking about
that but I had no recollection I'm sorry
okay yeah no um okay Brown Adam Sandler
says while I disagree with you about
Episode seven I felt even more so than l
Mike had nothing to do oh I thought even
more so than L Mike had absolutely yes
to do
he was basically the protagonist of
season 1 and I was upset with his
character this season Oh had stuff to do
it was just stuff that had to do with L
and Elle's problems and not with the
lame tunnel thing right L had stuff to
do I agree though Mike had nothing to do
right oh yeah I meant pout ll found her
mom she learned about it showers about
it no L had L had lots of stuff to do
Mike on the other hand fully agree was
was a full-blown sticking bud whoa what
the do you do with Mike right as a
kid he is at the end of it he's just a
kid right what you do with Mike is whoa
nice save
oh wait is there something I want is
what you do with Mike is have a cohesive
story that everyone is working towards
again instead of everyone after a rocky
but can you can you do that
again I don't know
[Music]
I guess the end of the day I don't care
about like that much just don't guys he
sees his Elevens love interest
haha he's the damsel is the his you
might you might have just had a
revelation right mike is the damsel in
distress of season 2
stranger things yeah you know we've said
that about a well isn't the damsel will
is uh will is possessed
well has something going on he's
fighting the demon within him guys and
then he's someone that needs to be saved
yes it's true but it's also true of Mike
yeah but at least will has something
interesting happened to him while he
needs to be right sure I'm not gonna
argue that it wasn't a weak season for
Mike I just I don't know that I give a
haha
listen Mike was there to to give al some
motivation and L is the one we care
about yeah and so she okay she's the
superhero yeah she's not she's the whole
the whole reason this shows the hit know
that that little girl in a dress eat
Legos that little ball girl a dress I
wish they didn't turn the echo thing
into what just a complete joke
they've run that soul into the ground
that comes up four times an episode yeah
not just there goes if one reference is
while they needed in the seasons one I'm
with you not three in episode but
everybody like the echo is rich they
love the ENGOs the thing down just like
they liked the mom with the doing the
thing around her house I think we can't
do that in season three Joyce does
something weird to house you've done it
twice it can't happen again this is why
I'm worried about season three already
there have already shown their their
downward spiral saying that season three
is terrible no it's easy to ignore it
easy to ignore it
oh my god what was that that was a jump
but he hit a corner yeah if it had hit
that he hit the corner are supposed to
jumping over the corners we want me to
do that off next up in a big way
why am I even doing this
there we are that makes so much more
sense Jack do you think what a weird
question the long flowing this is a
shock here that we look at weird
questions Jack do you think a man's
attitude determines to a large extent
hold on I wanna I want to get this right
because it's such an odd noise sure why
not kid Jack see I think a man's
attitude determines to a large extent
how his life will be rich what do you
think what do you think about attitude
and what it has to do with how you use
what you achieve in the world how
wealthy are the your parents that's
pretty big factor too that's probably
that's probably the single greatest
factor how wealthy were your parents I
think I might be in total agreeance with
rich here there are basically saying
there are bigger factors to whether or
not a person will succeed in life but I
do think that attitude does does do
something yes I've gone relatively far I
have a shitty attitude you have a
comedic ly shitty attitude rich that's a
whole different ball game that's a whole
you have a marketable shitty attitude
[Laughter]
but but there are there are larger
factors at play here but I do think a
good attitude will help you I think in
many instances a good attitude will help
you more than more than it will hurt you
and a bad attitude will hurt you so you
know but as bluntly as rich put it there
there are other there are other factors
that that
are more important where you grew up
how rich your parents be that's it Bob
had a good attitude and succeed in that
life that's true
no he quite he quite explicitly failed
at life what did what he wanted to do
with his life is protect those around
him and he did that rich yeah but he did
that by failing at life dying is quite
technically failing at life jack
[Laughter]
that's great anonymous says I was really
annoyed that they didn't show who won
the big upcoming election Reagan or
Mondale they should have cleared that up
and stranger things wake up wake up
computer does anyone else think Joyce
should have sacrificed herself and had
no life as a Sarah Sarah good parent no
no no no that definitely should not have
happened I don't necessarily think that
Bob should have died but you know you
need someone to die
you need someone yeah yeah you need
someone that you care about to die they
almost was down at the last minute I
know that oh yeah that's the right call
got a half maybe we'll never know we'll
never know maybe they could have found
something amazing for him to do in
season three we don't know master maybe
he'll come back in season three and it
would be a big whoa now you can't they
ate him I did they ate his guts
yeah they did eat his guts right
Joyce is great
one owner rider is is fantastic and even
though she was repeating a lot of the
same notes as season one they were still
good notes did a lot of the same thing
when wills in trouble again yeah you
know yeah you know I I'm go I'm coming
to the concert because I like the hits
rich how else do dragged Joyce into a
monster problem though other than
jeopardizing her son's life she's a mom
she just stay home and let other people
handle it right actually that's what I
would love in season three is like it
doesn't have anything to do with her but
people keep coming up to her and like
asking her to help and she's like no I'm
not getting involved because that might
hurt my son you're the sheriff
hopper yeah listen I know we have this
thing where we're friends and maybe more
than friends sometimes but
Oh No
Oh Pauline Mario why are you with Paige
you look at what you could
have had Mario though to be fair like
that's the whole reason she's putting on
the show is to show Mario what he could
have had so I think he's got a chance or
this is just her rubbing it in no way
this I hope it was worth that wait wait
go back go back there's a quick-moving
up there go on top of those okay quick
moon are you no problem
I didn't notice this one when you were
streaming this
[Music]
you don't have deja vu I am playing I
didn't play this last time Jack yeah and
I just seem like an easy game to play
while also having a stranger think
spoilers discussion this this is uh it
can be a pretty mindless game so I think
it was the right call
even though we did play this level but
rich is almost out of it already
let's hear John 1089 says hey did you
expect xi would learn love made her
stronger than focusing on pain to close
the crack with pain and think of the car
convo with hopper and go super sand
maybe that would not have been out of
place maybe like the very end it's nice
the angers not enough yeah thinking
about its thinking about will and uh
it's it's love it's love that's the true
power they might have had that idea but
dismissed it for being just too cheesy
like whoa whoa whoa that crosses the
line even for us right yeah yeah
[Music]
that's it's a door it's a door they hang
out in from fit also what's the size
comparison to Pauline peach right yeah
cuz peach is taller than Mario but not
by that much
Pauline is ridiculous wearing high heels
Jack she's I'm saying she's an Amazon
try kid Jack what think about him how
many times does Mario fallen from
extreme Heights that that man has no
cartilage anymore
my I used to be three feet taller
falls out of airships on a daily
basis polina it's me oh my god what
happened
I didn't recognize you might use it used
to be taller what happened here case
been punched by Bowser hang on it I I
constantly get my ass handed to me by by
monsters it's swollen beyond recognition
Jesus Mario I had no idea so you're
leaving again right please please leave
again no Pauline a peach she just wants
a kick I need I need a real woman
Pauline she wants a cake I need the
sugar you know you know as I say she's
all peaches and no cream I think she can
still sing it for a little bit after
this you need to stop mid lyric guy give
you gotta give you your moods van Jack
made a fight listen I got one joke in me
and that was it and I'm done I'm done
for the rest of the night
let's see here
miss toots says guys earlier someone
thought the duffer brothers might be rlm
fans in episode 7 I noticed the word
Grabowski spray painted on a wall just
saying no no then this early means that
no but Dabrowski's a pretty common name
I think especially like they're kind of
Midwest II nice polish name that's the
Chicago polish name only it means
anything
yeah it's not impossible but alright I
needed to nab two quick moves okay oh
there's one if you see those tall
buildings right there oh it's a ton of
them in the city
oh yeah I just know I know where there's
one literally in a pile of garbage
alright works for is enough it's on top
of these buildings these oh you can also
do this taxicab one you have to oh yeah
yeah it's a my undraped Batman and I've
done this and drive his remote-control
car into the moon I'm terrible
this controls don't
you have a terrible at this
all right so where's this garbage pail
on top of the roof good get up on these
buildings these buildings are those
that's up there somewhere put this
somewhere
[Music]
so much stuff to climb a new dog city oh
there it is see that glowing pile of
garbage that's how much they think of
your treasures it's literally in a pile
of garbage it's fine
technically it's in the vent Jack oh
sure it's just under all the garbage
somebody didn't know the moon was in the
vent and they put garbage over there
besides I don't care about the
collecting stuff I care is it fun to
jump around and do the things sir the
collecting stuff can just be tedious and
annoying look yeah I think and the fact
that most of it is optional doesn't
bother me
yeah man which is why the purple coins
annoy me because you need to find all of
the purple coins if you want to get all
the stuff yeah but that is equally
optional this stuff adds something his
outfits are adorable yeah yeah I agree
what do we think of the Jonathan and
Nancy Ark they were dumb what they were
dumb they were dumb that's big risk a
lot of risk for a lot of little for what
going outing the company yeah and made
sense it made sense for them I I did I
love like just Barb's weirdo family
eating KFC every night was was it a
mistake in season one obviously at the
time I kind of loved that scene and it a
lot of tension it was a great scene when
the the the cafeteria got Benny good
shot you remember that the cafeteria the
guy who ran the diner and found l11 to
begin with oh okay okay yeah he calls
child services and then Child Services
comes in shoots him in the head right
all he did was c11 yeah and they
shoot him in the head now they're
letting everyone else sign NDA's and
they could just walk away
yeah but that was hoppers doing ah what
did you shoot hopper in the head
and - yeah but they need they need it
would see it to me that made perfect
sense they have a town that's getting
out of control
so if they can control if they can stop
the hemorrhaging and have someone to
town trusts to be their point man on
cover alright alright but then all right
that's the whole that's the whole
shebang man that's the whole shebang
like like a season one it kind of drives
me nuts when they capture hopper and
they just bring him home
they trace me nuts after they shot Benny
all he did was see 11 hoppers breaking
into their evil lab he's seeing their
weird portal to another dimension and he
knows about their kids and they just let
him go well there's one difference yeah
hoppers the main character I understand
that I understand that what's that
what's the Hitchcock quotient there
there is a reason why in my movies no
one goes and calls the police because it
would be boring there is a reason
characters act foolishly because that's
what the movies about ya know they saw
an opportunity you know like and I I did
like actually that little bit of
world-building worth it you know like
they found a way to like convince the
parents and the kids like oh oh it's for
our country oh yeah sure him it all made
sense
it worked for those characters to try
and expose the government but at the
same time I thought it was
extraordinarily stupid sure sure
that's hey that's something sometimes
that happens why cuz the plot needs to
move forward and this is our main
character we've already paid this actor
to be in the whole series we can't come
I'm talking about dancing Jonathan in
season 2 with the attempted expose
oh it seemed like so part of me really
liked that because it was fun for them
it made sense for them it made sense for
them the part of me that doesn't like it
is season 1 I think had a really strong
focus of even when we were with the
adults everything seemed to be from a
very childlike perspective uh-huh
and I liked that like even when we were
with the mom when we were with Winona
Ryder she was doing weirdo things like
answering the phone and hanging up
Christmas lights like that's very
childlike very mystical right ok season
2 things get a little older in their
perspective and of course they are older
so it makes sense but like ah going to
see the private investigator going to
the big city these are things that that
loses some of the wonder of stranger
things and I think that's part of the
reason why I feel like season 2 isn't as
good as season 1
Mike's dad gives no Oh Mike's dad
great characters sure no force oh look
at these guys rich look at these guys
look at these adorable little puff balls
they're great Mike's dad is great he
doesn't give a his kids are at home
anymore and I think he's kind of happy
about that
yeah where's Mars my kids I don't know
they're not in the house so I don't care
that was just a childhood way back when
you you could run around the
neighborhood
a Halloween used to exist oh you're
crazy just cuz you don't see it doesn't
mean it don't exist classic 80s yeah
yeah just just classic don't give a
your wife's upstairs reading romance
novels having having young teenage boys
come and gawk at her in her bathroom
he's just sleeping on a chair it's great
it's great I forgot about that what'd
you do I forgot about the wind
[Music]
I didn't like Dustin saying
to his mom
I don't remember Justin saying
to his mom I had a
relationship though that that was cute
and adorable and they can get away with
that Dustin and his mom yeah oh yeah
yeah that whole thing works
Oh oh yeah you'd have to take his wife
right you know what I forgot for a
moment that you could take them over I
forgot that you could mind rape the
sentient clown yeah you can mind rape
anything send except for those guys
nope oh nice house great save oh my oh
my god that's fine no that's not fine
wasted that great save
what about Elevens mom oh yeah I like I
like that whole thing I didn't quite
understand the aunt's rationale the aunt
believed after seeing 11 no no sorry
sorry to be more specific I didn't
understand why the aunt started calling
government people after 11 was there
again I you know what do you do because
the plot needed to make sense but like
she has now seen firsthand that like 11
can talk to her sister
and there is some weirdo stuff happening
government conspiracies are real so I
think I'll just call the government all
right they needed 11 to leave the end
right yeah yeah I get that you know
there's a there's a moon on top of that
building on top of that archway right
there
my god
[Music]
she tried to call hopper and then when
she couldn't get ahold of hopper she
called a different government number and
that's what tipped him off wait was she
just on the phone with the government or
was she on the phone with the the
Hawkins Police Department whatever it
was it made eleven leave right well she
didn't want to talk to hopper at that
point either eleven was kind of running
from him to this other old man who was
kind of mean to her and keeping her
locked up but I guess like I heard
calling anyone doesn't make any sense
because she knows that conspiracies are
real what is she gonna do just raise
this kid now the to shave comb hopper
makes fair amount of sense red raccoon
there's there's a lot of good games on
the switch and if you add all play any
games portably if you like playing any
game on the go I think it's worth it if
you don't have a wii u it's 100% worth
it for breath of the wild ace of the
wild is a gorgeous game that people
should play it's it's great that's worth
it and now there's a bunch of of other
games that I think are totally worth it
yes I didn't finish Twin Peaks I saw a
couple episodes and it wasn't for me the
newest series season of Twin Peaks if
you're asking me to compare stranger
things to season one in season two of
Twin Peaks that's a apples and oranges
type situation there my friend two very
different shows
do I think season 2 was a lot less scary
than season one that is a decent
question yeah it didn't have the mystery
would she care about horror that's the
question I don't yeah I think that's a
fair question I loved I really liked the
the giant shadow monster form
I liked that just just a a being that
you can't see a booth er yeah I didn't
necessarily understand how it could then
like go inside of of people are like a
dust monster but I did like the big
unseen form I like that
visually sure everything else about it I
don't know yeah you're not a fan of like
the hive mind thing I thought that was a
much there's a hive mind that wanted to
build tunnels you wanted to say I know I
know
tunnels thing was just weird to me I why
just saying the shadows around when you
need tunnels for us shadows they're
building tunnels the tunnels have bombs
and other tunnels the tunnels killed
they killed huggins whatever by the way
it would have been great if they only
kill pumpkins like oh my god the trees
the grass the apple orchards oh no all
those are fine just the pumpkins oh yeah
I guess we can live without pumpkins
that's fine
no it killed all life around Dunwich it
killed the trees that brought maggots
everywhere it was death fighting to kill
the maggots uh-huh
wanting to kill the maggots I'm sure it
would kill the maggots next but the
maggots are eating off of the desk oh
you prick have time to get on either of
those hats go get on the Hat
I you know what I have no particular
love of pumpkin anything yeah I'll put
that out there I don't care for pumpkin
pie okay you know once a year I kind of
enjoyed carving them but I care not for
pumpkin anything I'm not a huge fan of
pumpkin beer I've had a pumpkin soup
that was alright once but I care not
excuse me I care not for pumpkin if
someone if someone told me oh oh my god
a horrible tragedy just happened and all
the pumpkins in the entire world
disappear to go that changes my life in
zero way right so I think I'm with you
there yeah I'm eating a mimic made
jack-o'-lanterns - sure sure but that
can be replaced with like foam yeah
plastic you know okay pumpkin seeds are
alright sure but you know so are
sunflower seeds so our nuts in general
salted nuts
all right let's see what we got doo doo
doo moon stars rainbows as mario just
kind of all set for a Lucky Charms
crossover huff hardens says hey great
thoughts on episode 7 Oh No
do the dive nothing I love how the
series took Paul Reiser's character and
went away from the 80s scientists
stereotype at the end I felt episode 7
was too 80s predictable in story what do
you mean 80s what does the 80s
predictable mean we're talking about
we're talking about a TV series that
exists to be an homage to 80s movies and
you're complaining because they have
done a different style of 80s movie in
this show that is a homage to 80s movies
word super word
oh noes they put a trope on top of my
show filled with tropes ah but it's a
different kind I get
goddamnit I hate this part I get it I
get what people are upset but I just I
don't I I legitimately don't it is
tonally it's different and it stops the
story in its tracks so xi can catch up
I'm not saying they can't get upset and
do whatever you want I just I don't get
it though it's totally different and it
stops the story completely it has
positive benefits to doing so I thought
the story that they stopped was kind of
blah right it has positive benefits but
it does stop the story and generally
that can be a bad thing we'll never know
if the Punkins survives for the better
think of the lattes rich the pumpkin
spice lattes I know I know as for
showing yeah there's one day if you up
there what did rich and Jack think of
dart I hated dark we thought that Dustin
was uncharacteristically stupid the
Holly kids were uncharacteristically
stupid no they they had their
together in season one and you know of
course they were kids and they were dumb
you know bringing a slingshot to fight
the demagogue and sure but that was
still you know that was kid logic
so I was ok with it but yeah I think I
think I think Dustin the friending dart
wasn't the worst thing the the lying to
the friends thing that other part and
then dart coming back in in full what
did they call him dog a Gorgon yeah demo
dog demo dog in full demagogue form
remembering Dustin was a little lame I'm
gonna allow it because of course like
we've mentioned the show is filled with
kind of lame things but and Demma dog
demo dog yeah it's a it's one of those
classic set up payoff situation it came
back past to guess it's for possibly
because they leave right alright let's
see here the off switch said thoughts on
hopper not doing his normal police work
ie not punching his way to the answers I
didn't think he punched one person I
know yeah yeah like I said hopper didn't
didn't head didn't do much this season
is kind of useless he's investigating
them pumpkins you got to be badass for
those assault rifle at the end you know
I didn't notice they shoved in a box in
his place labeled Vietnam so now he's a
bad as Nam vet that's fine that's cool
they well they needed they needed
I tell me the small town police guy just
suddenly knows how to use a rifle you
know yeah right
yeah and they hinted it and they did
they that was more than just the box cuz
like when he was talking you know at
first when they diagnosed will with PTSD
oh sure like he he talked about oh yeah
I have known the dudes yes it all makes
sense it was fine
hopper did not succeed with the assault
rifle if you remember the demagogues got
too distracted eating Bob turneth very
unknown he was kind of hold them off
while L was doing her thing
they had their their bunnyhop moment oh
yeah but he didn't kill any of the demo
dogs the bullets just pushed them off of
the platform they were on I'd have to
rewatch that oh hey this is Ian his
badass moment yes oh okay I I saw that
as they were climbing on stuff and the
bullets didn't do anything to hurt them
they just kind of knocked him off
probably not the best weapon for that
one a salt rifle well you have that
moussaka meant for piercing not shoving
you backwards I mean it's still a bullet
in a movie hmm I think this is like a
movie thing I don't think they do they
go they're designed to go through you
yeah well but they don't go through dog
the deme dog so they move them so you
just want the most things hitting them
if their force we're shoving you back as
opposed to penetrating you you wouldn't
die yeah you just get knocked back and
there's bullet bounced off of your skin
yeah but that's what I'm saying for the
for the deme dogs the bullets bounced
off so it would move oh I don't think it
would be that kind of force that would
shove him off of the platter I don't
know the movie thing there's a movie
thing that's how I took it I don't know
if he was killing the demo dogs at the
end I took it as he was just knocking
them down so
let's chat saying now they're just there
talking about the difference in bullets
and guns and them correct bullets that
he should have been using if he wanted
to do that okay they're good they're
getting into its fight but yeah that
whole that whole ending I liked died
that that was very satisfying yeah 11
you going going full super superhero
pushing back the dust the big shadow
monster who looks you know like a creepy
Cthulhu was great that whole ending was
great the the shadow monster leaving
will and going off into the stars that
was neat people had stuff to do I liked
that the the last two episodes when
everyone had a common goal that they
were working toward yes
that seemed I think can you go one more
that's a wall that's just a wall okay I
forgot never gonna be that the last two
episodes were as close as we were gonna
get to season 1 which is a bunch of
people all working towards the same goal
on different levels you got the the kids
and and Steve in the tunnels you got 11
and hopper and you got will in the
family sweating it out in the lodge it's
great
retro mania Joe I'm saying I liked the
big shadow monster
I liked the the unseeable evil I liked
that we'd never got a clear picture of
him only because when we finally got a
big clear picture of the demagogue and
it was just bad CG so I liked that we
never got a clear picture I'm just big
shadow monster the 11 makeover was great
though as a country boy just her looking
like a derpy hick I also kind of like
just like especially knowing her power
set like knowing how powerful sure I
just I liked that was it more in
character because she wouldn't care
about how she looks right right oh yeah
this is what she knows no social
construct and so I liked her looking
like a hick who was also badass but but
being being punk rock being emo 11 was
was super hilarious and I loved it I
liked this race bouncy race yeah it's
cool she didn't look like a farmer
though she's wearing overalls
that's classic fun
basically Ben Vereen yeah like I think
we all enjoyed season two but it just
wasn't it wasn't season 1 and what could
be because season 1 was all unknown what
could be still in first I don't think
you need to get any specific time just
first I get he's more of this there's
actually a neat neat racing mechanic
with the bouncing hmm I like it I like
it okay was it I have no qualms yes
season one had no expectations the
season one was almost sure but I mean
just execution-wise the season one was
focused and that's what they were
lacking in season to focus yeah and see
you know I think I've seen a lot of
people like hating on eights gang but to
me it was just like schlocky goodness
this is eighties movie
gang yes in the eighties movie TV series
or Netflix series that's that's like the
the the dumpster Punk gang the
Terminator punks Terminator punks the
the punks from a short circuit to like
the return of the Living Dead right like
this is every Punk gang in every 80s
movie and I loved him the guy with the
big mohawk was great the muscle dude
that was straight out of that was
straight out of a comic book or an 80s
movie so I thought it fit wonderfully
and I think people got a little too
comfortable with with stranger things
being like like not Ashlock and it's
like now it's just like sorry sorry if
you wanted this to be
no high-art but words it's just a tease
Punk fashion was weird
it just fits I'm sorry the police
academy punks
yes champion of the shunt that's another
great example man I like that that movie
that took place in the 70s but those
bell-bottoms just looks silly well I've
had to be warmed Oh bottoms not to play
seven doctor Pro faux says you got to
remember though that a lot of the
viewers including myself weren't alone I
want to I want to get this right weren't
actually alive during the 80s and aren't
familiar with those tropes that's not my
problem that's also not the duffer
brothers problem is that Netflix problem
that's your problem
now I get that art if art is not what
I'm just waiting for this to coalesce I
am working on it
that's a great William Shatner
impression why rich never have I seen
such a delight of stars and monsters the
this is this is a class of debate in art
rich is how how much of the art is the
artist responsible to convey and how
much is the audience responsible to
receive all right this is this classic
there's a classic old argument in the
art community but I even think beyond
knowing what an 80s Punk looks like if
you are down with the general theme of
stranger things it's not that far of a
stretch to be down with the punks yeah
it's a different kind of schlock but
it's all still sure yeah sure so even if
you have never seen any of these 80s
movies if you're okay with one aesthetic
you kinda have to be okay with the other
is Jack drunk again drunk on the cry
mother

[Part III]
is Jack drunk again drunk on the cry
motherfucker
Oh apricot she's gone mad fuck I got a
couple more cans I'm out I gotta get
more I fuckin love this stuff
water they put water in there blow into
a straw rub bubbles just blow into a
straw this is the real shit though is
they got these mixers so this is this is
cherry with lime the Lacroix and so it's
got like two different flavors it's like
a whole new world love this stuff no you
do the water one this is the water one
Wow oh wait no no no you have to be
those games I guess I wasn't close
enough I think she falls in love I was
those guys I just didn't get closer I
were to activate dirigible there was a
point where I would agree with you and
say that I couldn't stand Lacroix but I
fucking love this stuff it is addicting
as hell and a great replacement for soda
or beer I will have to try carbonated
water it is a potential replacement for
syrup rich it does wonders man
especially this stuff these tall cans
with the different flavors whoo oh boy
that would just I think you just didn't
like the flavors what didn't you
complain about the flavors earlier there
there's a there's something that's
called propel Fitness water that is
flavored water but it doesn't it's not
carbonated until oh okay it's not
something different it's just like it's
it basically tastes like super watered
down juice and it's not enough flavor
this is enough flavor
totally different holding the button why
isn't the capstan whatever is fine all
there in the butt
why is your date set for October 10th
what date what are you talking about
what are you talking about what the fuck
you talking about your switch system
date oh I I was probably fucking around
with it for Zelda amiibo Shen oh to get
them ages ago to get the the Twilight
Princess outfit I fucking hate that you
were hacking
Jameer and Kings as rich I always
thought Chakotay from Voyager was an
alien because of the marks on his face
turns out it's just a tattoo
yep that's his thing he has a culture
he's a Native American he has a poorly
thought-out culture that is his his
culture is Native American but like all
the worst stereotypes of Native American
like I know how to heal with herbs I
must go on the vision quest I've been
watching um the the new season of Dirk
Gently yeah which is on BBC America and
right before Dirk Gently Voyager plays
really and so on all my DVRs of Dirk
Gently I catch like the last two minutes
Voyager I'm shocked Voyager plays on
anything and so like I always try to
like remember the episode and see what
dumb things they did it's great it's
great I really like Dirk Gently I'm
coming I'm coming around to it more I
think it has some problems overall but
more and more I'm coming or I'm coming
around to it specifically Dirk himself I
don't much care for the actor who's
portraying Dirk he's a little too like I
know Dirk is supposed to be this like
whimsical man who's not altogether in
his head but I always thought like Dirk
had a plan and the actor who portrays
Dirk Gently makes it seem like nobody
has a plan ever and he's just along for
the ride then I got the cosmic ride so I
don't quite like how he plays Dirk but
I'm coming around to him but overall I
like the show I like the show and yes
sometimes the writing is a little too
max landis it's like max you got to
settle down for some of the episodes but
overall I like Dirk
all right let's see here valiant blood
shopped says do you guys agree with Mike
that theaters need to die I
wholeheartedly agree they're annoying
smelly gross and frustrating if you
don't get a good seat I'd rather pay
more to watch it at home I stopped short
of saying need to but I won't care if
they do but I'm not I'm not sitting
around wringing my hands waiting for it
to happen
hello one of these days one of these
days I'll get my room that's coming it's
coming
just you wait and see oh yeah no I don't
think theaters need me personally I
don't think theaters need to die I think
they are doing a very good job at
adapting and that's what I think they
need to do I think fevers need to adapt
for example a lot of the big theater
chains here in Wisconsin you pick your
seat out ahead of time you buy your
tickets pick your seat out I love that I
love to sign seating I do Jim I love
that they have big comfy chairs that you
can recline big arm rests I love the
theater going experience I love watching
a movie with a crowd I think that has
the potential to heighten the experience
though I know sometimes you have a you
have a bad time you got you got the
asshole who's eating crackers right next
to you you got people like slurp in the
last little bits of soda that could ruin
a movie potentially but I like going to
see movies at a movie theater
I also like watching movies at home it's
perfect
did ragnerok meet the hype yes Ragnarok
is very good you did a perfect bridge
Ragnarok is very very good good comedic
Direction fine action sequences overall
a very good I have not also not seen the
half in the bag yet but that's just my
that's my quick review very good movie
go see it recommend
well that's the other thing wishcraft
for you to says a lot of the best moves
are made specifically with the big
screen in mind as we are transitioning
to more movies on Netflix more movies
for the home viewing experience people
who produce these movies needs to take
that into account having spoken to
people who have made movies for movie
theaters and Netflix it's actually very
different in the editing process you
have to think about you have to think
less about reaction time and more about
small little significant shots and you
don't have to worry about like pausing
for laughter stuff like that they're
editing a movie for the theater is very
different than editing a movie for home
viewing experience and I think that's
very interesting there is her she blows
I was worried that it was too comedic
that everyone was going to be the comic
relief no no actually you know the I
think the goofiest person in the movie
is Thor and and I think that tyka I want
to say this how you pronounce the name
Tyco what TV I think he does a really
good job of using his humor sparingly
like with James Gunn and his Guardians
movies you could see the joke coming a
mile away
I always felt like you knew exactly when
a James Gunn joke moment was gonna
happen but in thor ragnarok a lot of
them caught me very off guard so which
is what you want
but I liked it
I'm not gonna I'm trying not to spoil
for I'm not gonna I'm just saying I like
that
let's see here Lando
we're not talking we're not talking any
spoilers no spoilers in chat even if you
tag it with spoilers please chat
Thor Ragnarok that just came out give
people some time give people some time
we'll talk about it at thank you
uncles Porky's his random question as
Wisconsinites how do you feel about the
Dells and house on the rock never been
their house on the rock I don't know
that I've been there I've also never
been the house on the rock
what's house of the land it's a house on
a rock I think it might be a Frank Lloyd
Wright house oh no no but but it's a
literally the Dells and I drove my some
old church that was up on a giant hill
once enough that's that might be Holy
Hill not necessarily the Dells
you're not from around here no not
really
the the Dells growing up around here the
Dells was the fucking bomb as an adult
around here I want nothing to do with
the Dells at all there's too many people
and I hate him I hate all of them your
years ago many many years before I lived
up here I went on vacation with Karin to
the dulse we went in August thought you
know August won't be great I never got
above 56 getting rained every day yeah
that happened was great for all those
water parks it was kind of useless but
it was great for the the go-kart place
yeah when it was fucking abandoned like
not a line for anything idea of course
they had yep yeah there's there's some
good to be had in the Dells but
depending on where you go we took it we
took a trip to one of the like the
bigger water parks that has a hotel
attached and it was an indoor water park
and so like you know weather didn't
matter and you know that African place
have got their call
that would kalahari yeah yeah I might
have been caller or like the wilderness
here's one of those I forget which one I
forget which one and it doesn't matter
because it was awful just so many people
were packed into such a tight space and
it was indoors and I just smelt everyone
and chlorine it smelt like a hundred
people in chlorine and I hated every
moment
but there's some good to be had there
like like we said there's a there's a
go-kart place that has like eight not
Mount Olympus big go-kart tracks that's
pretty great
the duck rides are fun they have a big
amphibious vehicles and take down a
little ride no those are cool there's
some neat stuff to be in the buzz was it
one new jersey water park where the
eleven went wait where the kids died and
they had crazy dangerous rides I didn't
hear about anybody dying there I'm not I
wouldn't be shocked if it happened I
think the park had talking about is
action park okay it's just a notoriously
dangerous theme park
okay but no one before poor safety
standards they might have I don't know I
don't want to heard about that action
park but I mean wouldn't be shocking if
I didn't hear about it I didn't lived
here there are you telling me you're not
up to date on New Jersey theme parks she
just seemed footage of some water slide
they had and they shut down I was just
so comically ridiculous okay cool
all right let's see here Lando was taken
says how's about a little stranger
things season two on set gossip the
duffer's wanted to make season three and
four back-to-back got but got push back
because season two wound up having a
very troubled production really alright
alright you dealing with a lot of actors
and a lot of ego you gotta wait for the
vibration the vibration doesn't work for
me you have to wait for it to kick in
walk around
and the closer you get the more vibrate
had nothing nothing still nothing
nothing more nothing nothing nothing
nothing no vibration nothing nada zip
nope nope none none of it not feeling a
thing no vibration no vibration no
vibration no vibration no vibration no
vibration nope none not a hint of shake
nothing nothing zero vibration no
vibration at all no vibrations no
vibrations no vibrations no vibrations
no vibrations if there is say I believe
I check this once because I've wondered
right my vibrations were off that's ok
great and they were on rumble strength
the normal use rumble on controllers I
don't see an option for it here yeah
interesting system settings maybe maybe
this is it oh there you go that's
probably editor all right I'll waste my
battery for a second because I'm fucking
have to for this annoying vibration shit
and then I could turn that back off so I
don't needlessly waste my battery
all that wasted juice you can do a rich
I hate vibrations so much
oh my getting a fake-out even with the
vibration out of these controllers last
long long and I'd rather have them last
longer and not have the stupid fucking
vibration wow that's totally fair let's
see her doctor lube it ups his last tip
saw a Blade Runner and Thor last week
Blade Runner good has louder noises and
vista's yep right so many Vista's Thor
good has goth cate blanchett super camp
Jeff Goldblum Kiwi rock monsters and
gladiator Hulk very succinct and I agree
with you doctor lube it up on both of
your on both of your critiques one more
quick star oh why don't we get one quick
stop yeah a quick stack we're stay
where's the shop
oh yeah it's probably one of the shop
kind of buzz is that it no no that's
locked where is the shop oh it's been
forever since I've been over here like
blade runner's sound design is actually
a unless you have a super kick-ass sound
system in your home which many people do
obviously that's actually a big plus for
me for going to see it in the theaters
where's the shop maybe it's backed by
your by your buddy I think by your ship
it's a ship shop that was a real Hey I
don't fucking know
I don't know if like it's by your ship
either ship is on the Loch Ness monster
oh yeah the monster shop thank you thank
you chat
Thank You chat yeah blah so Bladerunner
the sound worth it
get yourself a kick-ass sound system
when you watch later it's worth it cuz
you see you stepped on them and scare
them yeah yeah yeah monster scare me I
don't need that speech every time I go
to another shop I just needed the once
yep let's see what we got here yuck nup
says about the Max and Billy story arc
that was cut and fucked the chat not
incest Max was supposed to have
supernatural power what I think V is it
is your fault we have to be here scene
are still from that Oh like like she has
supernatural powers and that's why they
had to leave California in the first
place Oh too much unless she's connected
to Hawkins but then why would they go
back there too much probably a wise
thing to cut yeah yeah cuz then you have
competing teams of supernatural there's
already a lot of weirdness happening but
I could see how they would think that
maybe she was one of the numbers what
the fuck would they be doing in Hawkins
yeah then there was the made a plot
point and uh unless they were they were
from a rival company and they just
didn't know that Hawkins was doing
similar research which seems very silly
but of course the show is very soon
rich you need to shave actually I over
trim my beard oh did you yeah it's a
little too short I suppose it's shorter
than normal yeah now that you mention it
I didn't notice it first and I'm a
Clippers were set at a lower number than
I thought they were sure Oh the lunch
kingdom there all right Kingdom do the
lunch Kingdom I'd love it if I could
beat the game in once anyone's sitting I
mean you could you can theoretically I
don't know if that'll haven't said how
much is after how much is after the the
chef's kingdom here life I have no
strong recollection I'll be honest with
you I'll be honest this is my least
favorite map fire map without Fire and
Ice or color palette no I like it it's
interesting it's interesting it's weird
and I like the fork flinging gimmick
I like the fork fling that's fun and
this is actually one of the more
interesting boss battles I'll agree with
that bird vomit was was a fun boss
battle Jen I tried to shave him a beard
off like a year ago and I just looked
weird yeah now that you have it is weird
to see you without it yeah I agree I
really agree they're saying dragon boss
then Bowser's Japan Cal okay yeah we're
we're close it's pretty you're pretty
dang close man honeymoons do I need for
this world the boobies
oh you cook it never works Jack whatever
we're stupid brutal and you know fair
shot fucking moves serious question is
now the right time to upgrade to 4k TV
should I get one during taxis and it
helps with shadow effects what do you
what do you planned to watch you 4k do
you have any 4k content right is an
important question you know do you do
you pay the extra Netflix for 4k content
are you planning on streaming 4k YouTube
videos blu-ray content what it what are
you watching in 4k is that it will make
it worth it to you sports and a lot of
sports are in 4k technically I could
play Doom in 4k but I I just prefer to
play it by the desk as opposed to on the
couch for for me 4k I'm not super into
it yet so I'm probably not the right
person to help sell you want it because
I'm not salt on it personally just give
me some good color depth and a monitor
with a nice refresh rate that's all I
care about
stop catfishing goombah rich I do like
that what does the definition of catfish
I've heard this was it
it's when you when you pretend to be
someone else to like get a date okay
okay oftentimes it's unattractive people
like using pictures of attractive people
in their profile about a conversation
with someone and then as it turns out
they're unattractive they've catfished
you
now jump on his head idiot we're going
you an idiot or Mario an idiot
apples
shoulda jumped on but I needed that hurt
that's my way you fucker my 4k movies
and games that are in 4k but listen if
you have the content then I'm not I'm
not a good source for 4k information so
check out some Linus tech tip videos
he's all about 4k I'm not there yet I'm
not sold it's the future I'm not sold
it's the future Jack I like I like some
of the HDR stuff TVs are offering I like
TVs with high refresh rate obviously for
gaming purposes but I don't care about
no 4k you can cheat the crap out of this
game with a peach amiibo what does she
do what do you get for the peach amiibo
like I bet a zillion hit points maybe
you just get a ton of stars
she's gives you all the moons peach
gives you 6 hearts every time you use
her and there's no cooldown or limit to
how many times you can use her yeah that
sounds like a lot yeah that's great oh
he always comes towards me that'll make
this easy let's say do you come straight
to me yes you do
oh I that was dumb I just jump on I did
a hat thing is I'm an idiot
I did a hat thing because I'm an idiot
yeah that's what happened yeah well just
let me get some painting and he'll do a
stupid spin thing again you really want
to be badass these these by the way are
the lamest mini-bosses
he's fights a brutal what these fights a
blue a brutal brutal worth
hey what hey wait all right what do we
got here what are we gonna hear what we
got here uh let's see here huh farted
said season one killed Barb season two
Bob
I predict season three will introduce
lovable friend of Max bill or brand AB
that will be killed off sorry I couldn't
think of a be name that ended in B as
well I'm sorry I'm sorry you couldn't
think fast enough or hard enough or good
enough think harder
yeah you never got that yeah I didn't
care there you go
Sean Astin is Bob is a national treasure
oh fuck no I just grabbed the fucking
moon and I'm a badass way where I jumped
in and out of pot I hop and grab the
moon I'm fired that's exactly what he
did that was stylish that's exactly what
that was and not an accident
fiery dog poops had made the mistake of
watching Rocky Horror Picture Show
before watching the it movie all I could
imagine was this really angry gay
transvestite trying to get small
children any same feeling with other
actors like a typecasting what was Oh
have you have you ever seen the movie
kiss the girls no with Ashley Judd and
Morgan Freeman no that movie came out
right after liar liar
you remember liar liar with the the Jim
Carrey movie doesn't Jim Carrey makes
funny faces movie that's a Jim Carrey
makes funny faces movie and in that
movie there is Carrie l use most
famously known from The Princess Bride
but uh Carrie L use in liar liar plays
like the replacement dad who's kind of a
nerd and he has this thing with the
little kid and in kiss the girls spoiler
alert for kiss the girls Carrie L use is
the bad guy that like kidnaps and
tortures women but all I could picture
him as was the goofy dad and and and not
the Princess Bride guy well cuz I had
just seen liar liar like I watch them
like back-to-back and so it's just like
oh the goofy dad is kidnapping at Ashley
Judd the claw exactly you guys know
what's up
no contract here time over here Carrie l
use aka that one bad guy from psych
absolutely the bad guy from psych like
the cool bad guy from site but yeah
there are other actors like that we're
like haven't you ever done that where
you watched to things like back to back
and it just completely ruins the second
thing no because because like you just
saw that actor in a goofy role no it's
never happened to me really yeah oh that
happens to me all the time is that
really how you pronounce his last name I
don't know that's how I pronounce it if
that's you're wrong that's very possible
the high pro I accept full
responsibility if that's no runway
that's great I loved when I watched
Gilbert Grape then Titanic right that's
funny
where's the hidden one here I guess it's
on this area
Berenice that is yes want to go watch
Harry Potter and then Swiss Army Man
that'll be perfect
oh no to actually watch Swiss Army Man
first where where Daniel Radcliffe plays
a farting corpse and then watch Harry
Potter and try to take it seriously that
would be the proper way to do it Daniel
Radcliffe is great
two down
so we're sorry man it's great it is it
is a sad movie but it is a great movie
wonderful acting great story great
presentation ten out of ten
farting and ten out of ten farting
corpses
that's what though William Meister says
this is just to say how great the rlm
and prereq content has been the last few
months you guys have been on a roll
thanks for the entertainment gents you
love them oh just wait there's something
in the works my friend there's something
in the works it's gonna be great
super great
you fucker but what were you expecting
he attacked you and he was successful
I mean he's not fucker
all right
it's true our Miller I am but I'm I
can't I can't give you any more
information I'd like to but I know that
when we give you information you tell
everyone no I tried that we find that
rich tried to to see if you guys would
be cool and you were decidedly not cool
so I can't give you any more hints than
something that I think will be very good
is coming up short
let's see here
TW Itchy says the dells has an indoor
ferris wheel just why rain the snow most
most of our year we are freezing and so
indoor means that you could have people
visit you when it's snowing outside it
actually makes a ton of sense so Oh
there's probably a lot of glass around
it so you can see outside yeah yeah
yeah I don't think the last few levels
make you get that many stars I'd love to
get through this tonight the game it's
possible it's possible we you know we're
gonna what do we're at a three forty
three hours forty oh right yeah you know
that tipping point I know let's we'll
see how fast you can make it through
this one this is a tough one you got a
lot of you have a lot of moons to get
through here
can you define shortly known I cannot
define shortly it's something being
worked on currently it's what I can
mention shortly things can change
look at this big goofy bird look at that
big goofy bird
adorable big goofy bird stole some meat
that mario's and all right so I get
three from this
yep and you do another one with the bird
where you get another three actually
maybe you do a couple more of the bird
it's probably another brutal fight in
here because there's no no I had I
already had the brutal fight
oh good for the stage is there another
brutal fight think so not in this stage
hey worse things have happened in the
world sure sure
I think it's just this is just cemented
your hatred for rabbits in the Mario
franchise hasn't it and it's very
possible that just like the Rabbids I
like I have some leftover resentment
from the Rabbids and it's bleeding into
this button
I officially have no problem with
Rabin's yeah
will you jack will you be going to see
Koko later this month with the family of
course oh yeah that looks fun looks fun
though it looks like a movie that I've
sure it looks a lot like the there was
already like a skeleton Day of the Dead
movie that came out a while ago oh I've
got a couple there yeah like her
skeleton Kurtz right movies right yeah
they've been a few and so like this is
just another one it's it's being done by
Pixar which means they're they're losing
some kind of creativity if they're doing
shit other people have already done
right oh the book of life that's what it
was yeah there was a movie called the
book of life that came out a bit ago and
that was a very similar present premise
where someone gets kind of trapped in
the land of the dead and has to get back
out but Coco looks it looks good it
looks cute I'm excited to see it it's
getting very I feel like it's getting
very little advertisement I haven't seen
it much around but I'm looking forward
to it yeah the boys loved four oh yeah
they're fucking loves I mean Hulk fights
again wolf I'm not shocked at your kids
it was great they loved they loved Thor
they loved the fighting uh you know
especially now that they they they know
I'm okay with them swearing they loved
all of the casual swearing and Thor
there is a fair amount of casual
swearing and they loved it every time
someone would swear they would just they
would look at me and smile great we
loved that
oh yeah go get the bird again I know I
just want again oh okay the only the
other ones tell me about the guy who
throws the pans yeah so but yeah Coco
looks fun
um it'll be fine he'll be fine
everything's fine uh we get out of here
okay no recollection of how to get my
rifle that's true did anyone see this -
the tanning continuous makes a good
point before Coco they are you know how
they have the like the shorts the
animated shorts that play before and the
Pixar movies yeah they are having an
animated frozen short oh and a Pixar
movie well cuz you know they're both
Disney sure sure I have seen more
advertisement for the frozen short that
plays before Coco than I have for Coco
are you shocked at them I just think
that if you are someone who has works on
Coco you got to feel like shit at this
yeah like oh I made this great movie and
put so much work into it
come see frozen the new short and Coco's
playing after I'm sorry I'm sorry
Coco Coco sounds like a new movie about
a talking gorilla okay no one gets that
reference anymore that's just for us old
men I don't even know what Coco is a
Coco is a new Pixar movie about a little
boy who gets trapped in the land of the
dead very much like our sugar skull
friend right here a de los muertos land
of the dead the kind of thing
I'm wrong terrible let's see here you've
talked about kids in the hall before did
you see the miniseries reunion death
comes to town from a few years ago dr.
Chuck but mud I actually did not thank
you for reminding me I will I will I'll
switch that out I did not see their
short death come sit down I remember
being excited about it but uh I did not
see rich rich burned who hard you yeah
what hurt a lot of people my thoughts on
frozen as it felt I liked frozen I liked
it it's fine I liked it so much I hosted
a movie night in which grown-ass adults
came over to my house and we watched
frozen rich was there it was great I
believe I had mice mice närcon you sure
did
I was gonna do I regret that I didn't do
it I was gonna do a sarcastic what if
they would have been was it the things I
used to do the quick cuts yeah for
frozen or I complained about a film for
seven year old girls okay so a lot of
people are saying that's kind of weird
Jack why would you do that you have to
remember that I have children and the
the frozen hype was real and my children
were swept up in it and so you know I
just I found myself watching frozen a
whole lot because I had kids in my house
a whole lot I technically still have
kids in my house a whole lot they just
no longer care about
frozen so it was a movie that I had seen
a lot and they hit and it yeah obviously
but being cultural movie was oh shit oh
yeah you're fucking out so it was just
one of those things where I was talking
about frozen a lot frozen was being
talked about a lot and II know rich J
other people had not seen frozen so I
said I got you guys come on over let's
watch frozen
we watched frozen and Monster Squad that
was the double feature that night it was
great no no the kids were asleep there
it was after it was after hours this was
just for the grown-ups
let's be very clear about this I'll say
yeah we watch we watch frozen - Myles
glad it was a great night
and so my thoughts on frozen is I think
it's a very good movie a lot of songs
but I'm okay with that because I think
the songs are good easy moon behind me
where I assume in that little cavern
though shockingly riches left did not
wake the children up so I liked frozen I
think it had a lot of unlike most Disney
movies I feel like there was actual
character growth in frozen like I oh
yeah real easy what happened so you say
I liked some of the songs I like a lot I
liked a lot of frozen I didn't like the
songs do you like the songs yeah you
know I know everyone everyone loves let
it go obviously that's the big that's
the big hit it's fine but I I much
prefer the little duet that anna has
with with the villain who's just using
her he's just using her I love that I
love that we're in love now song I think
that's a great song sending the wrong
message well no but she learns she
learns a lesson rich at the end she
learns a lesson and at the end it's not
about it's not about the love of some
man that saves the day it's the it's the
platonic sisterly kind of love no no no
no Prince Charming has to come and save
the day so what I need to stay virgin
it's it's it's it's the sisters they got
stick together it's sister sister it's
tea and tomorrow you ever see that
sister sister no never literally I have
literally never watched sisters it's
it's a starring good I've heard of it I
just never watched it because you know
I'm a man they're their twin sisters and
they get into all sorts and I didn't
watch a show called the Sister Sister
they get in all sorts of hijinks which
these hijinks Sister Sister
sometimes I'm not sure if it's a bit
Jack what we didn't have a lot we didn't
have cable Sophie's I just watched what
was on TV man that means sister sister
and living single that's just that's how
well that's how it works
rich probably also didn't watch hanging
with mr. Cooper that's true yeah no I
didn't why not what was hanging with mr.
Cooper it was about a retired basketball
player who's now a coach and he goes on
wacky adventures it's high jinks he was
a basketball player but now he's a high
school basketball coach and he's not
living the sweet life anymore he's a
high school basketball coach oh is that
a shortcut there's something different
too many people use the excuse I didn't
have cable as an excuse for the crap
they watched it was it was watch that or
I don't know like go outside and I
didn't want to go outside and you chose
sister sister I know I liked what was I
going to go outside you know this is
bird vomit I gotta climb up this is this
is a great stage right here you have to
climb up what you can hit the bird in
the nuts yeah
and that makes him vomit yep I didn't
know that that's awesome look at that
you climb up a fountain of bird vomit to
attack your enemy and I think that's a
tremendous that's a tremendous level I
love it I thought you like chucking corn
Jack exactly that's what I did when I
wasn't watching TV I went outside and I
threw cornet my brother and sister so
you tell me what's the more worthwhile
endeavor sister sister are throwing corn
quality time the family that you'll
remember forever or gosh quality
television shows that taught me some
lessons morals and mold had some oh no
oh no I'm not I'm not particularly good
at this fight you got to break open
those things out there you got heart
break open the the potatoes or whatever
that is what the fuck did I just come
back to Jack's talking about sister's
sister and throwing corn and his brother
yes for you for the uninitiated I would
see that how that would be confusing for
you I grew up on a farm as is common
knowledge and we didn't have cable so I
watch the crappy television including
the show Sister Sister hanging with mr.
Cooper and living single when I did play
outside we played a game called corn tag
in which we would go to the corn fields
in the
of our house and literally Chuck ears of
corn at each other for fun and try to
smack each other with corn I hate this
part
and it was it was fun times I mean I did
other stuff too like it's not like I
just watched crappy midday television
and chucked corn like we did we did
other things but I was living the corn
dream I was alright Scott was fucking
well what the fuck is happening
screaming you just saw a great a great
enemy no this this game doesn't have a
ton of great boss battles but I think
that was a good one you have to swim up
a fountain of vomit in order to jump on
a bird who was trying to cook you in a
giant pot and then apparently you missed
the fact that you could hit him in the
nuts to speed up the process I was just
swimming around but if you want to make
the giant bird vomit you hit him in the
nuts this is where Nintendo shines this
is Magic right here Oh hitting there
we're getting out yeah tipping a cow is
impossible tipping tipping a cow is a is
what do you call it when when is a rumor
that's a farm rumor
you cannot tip a cow I'm drunk kids
somewhere tried I'm sure everyone it's
it's a it's a prank you that you play on
people let's go cow-tipping and then you
make someone try to kick over a cow do
you know how much cows weigh okay okay
you cannot move a cow so it's a prank
that you play on the city folk when they
come to visit hey we're going cow
tipping come with us wait what if you
put it and put a jack under the cow
cows are taller than you think yeah
neither big jack big jack yeah you would
need a big jacket no I'm a yeah
fantastic with big Jack yeah so now
we'll probably just walk away of course
like as soon as the Jack got to the cow
it would walk away or kick you or kick
the jack those are the big strong
animals they're dumb but they're big and
strong so the the prank that you play on
people is you say we're gonna go in cow
tipping you take them into the cow field
and you go oh this is so easy you just
go you push on the couch falls right
over it's really hilarious and then they
try and struggle to tip over the cow
which is impossible
so getting there what we're getting
there you argue you can leave early I'm
doing this tonight I'm close enough
you're doing this I'm close enough I'm
doing this tonight
shit rich yeah I'm at the gate shit rich
it's it just got real you just threw
down you still got to go to the moon man
there's nothing the moon that's nothing
from here on out I just need to do the
story things there's no extra stars that
is really collected so I can sprint
totally and exit right now you know what
you're right I'll hang around for a
little bit I'll hang around for a bit
let's see here Lando is Sagan says from
what I gather
Wynonna was extremely difficult for the
crew to work with then production got
six weeks behind and everyone was
pulling 16-hour days and were sick of
each other by the end well that's too
bad for Jonathan might not be able to
come to the country anymore I'm attached
with cocaine or some trace amounts of
cocaine or something through yeah there
might be issues with Jonathan for season
three Nancy will magically be back with
Steve because Jonathan went to college
this way her as a rumor I know if it's
true
that's great
that's true crispy fried man if I leave
rich does still need to read
subscriptions if I do decide to leave
maybe we'll take a little break
you can read subscriptions while I'm
doing this maybe I can move it over
there exclamation point
sobs oh I can if I switch over I can
move it over there but well don't worry
I'm not leaving yet I'm gonna hang
around for a little bit I'm gonna take a
little bathroom break in a bit not like
I might I actually will take a little
bathroom break in a bed some but green
beans I agree that dragon looks really
out of place in a Mario game I think
that's the point I there's a go down
Mario's Odyssey idea I just need to beat
the dragon uh-oh all right I'll get
three from that yeah there's not enough
different things I don't think that's
the Odyssey it's Mario's he's seeing
different things he's out of his comfort
zone is he's going around the world I
don't think there's enough different
things to make your case
are we still reading tips yeah we're
getting through if Jack leaves and I'm
just finishing this I'm gonna be silent
and finish this
that's the slave word solo works yeah
yeah if you've never hung around for
rich solos for anything you've never
been around for a rich solo stream
that's how they work he he doesn't talk
much
she didn't stuff is too different but
not different enough
yes well Rich's argument is that there
are the thing a thing I don't like about
Mario Odyssey is the things that don't
seem like they fit in Mario's world like
this dragon the dinosaur and the people
of new donk City Rich's counter-argument
is that that was a purposeful move to
show that Mario is going on a adventure
beyond anything he's ever seen before
my counter counter argument is that I
don't think they do that enough to to
make that point that's the whole
shahbazi shazam z ow
in time and time yes nice job thank you
thank you job
SF parlance is what I like most about
mara design is the cartoony style I
really don't like real people in real
dragons next to a cartoon Bowser Mara
that's that that's what I'm saying
I'm agreeing with you I think I think
it's off-putting
I think the dinosaur is weird
I think the dragon is weird I think the
real people aspect then you know what
the real people are double weird because
pauline is a cartoon their mayor their
leader is also a cartoony person
there's a lot of good in Mario Odyssey
absolutely absolutely there's a lot of
good in Mario Odyssey sometimes this
game feels aimless sort of the stranger
things season 2 for parts of it that's
also true you know but uh much like
stranger things season 2 I think this is
a using nostalgia to boost up some of
the weaker elements that's a fair point
rich
FairPoint let's see here anonymous says
hey guys I'm buying my first car that
isn't a clunker this week any car
purchasing tips no I don't have any good
tips I wish it did I don't know who to
trust or when to trust them or why to
trust them roll the dice with me
generally speaking anything foreign is
better
here's a cyst what racist
here's what I did when I I was in a car
buying situation I went to the Car Talk
website you know Car Talk yeah yeah well
they've been gone for a while huh what
I'm staying they just had their last
show a little bit ago yeah a little bit
guys been years now right well when they
stopped airing their show I was in here
reruns anymore
yeah okay it's all done unfortunately
the click and clack the tappet brothers
you but you go you can go they still
have an active website you can go to
their website and they have a little
section called cars we hate and remember
their mechanics so the cars they hate
are actually cars that mechanics don't
see very often I don't care don't care
about your puzzle I don't care about
your star we're going straight to the
palace or yep and so that's that's where
I went and I bought a car that they
recommended and it's done me very well
I've had very little maintenance work
and it's it's held up through the miles
and through the years so that's that's
what I did that's what I recommend you
go visit Car Talk website fantastic
progress
looking at Jack look at doing it you're
doing it rich
what's your make and model and why would
you not say it I don't want you guys
knowing what kind of car I Drive it's
fair enough I mean no offense but some
of y'all's are weird but so I'm not
gonna tell you what kind of cargo but I
took I did take their advice a car that
they recommend it ended Edit working out
great for me I Drive I Drive one of
those I can't think of what they're
called man I had a joke I lost it I'm
very sorry yes and what's my license
plate never exactly what kind of car do
you drive what's your license plate
member just curious because I'm thinking
about getting a license plate as well
I presume I have to get all of the moves
what all of the boon fragments to get
through this section oh I would have
assumed I'm assuming yep
let's see here
Tomcats 2096 is Jack I'm a digital
artist and when it's crunch time I'm
more often than not get wrist carpal
tunnel issues do you or rich get this if
so how do you deal with it first dream
I've seen in weeks do you use a tablet I
would recommend that over a mouse you
get carpal tunnel from the keyboard side
of things not from being a mouse I don't
know if like someone who's using a mouse
constantly for precision work I knew you
would get very similar like sometimes I
thought I thought carpal tunnel say
tunnel syndrome was associated with
typing I think it's any-any not just
typing I think it's any sort of
repetitive hand movement period I would
assume back in the day when I was doing
a lot more After Effects work for jobs I
got myself a little a cheapo wired Wacom
tablet and pen and that is great for not
only precision but for relieving stress
another thing that might help is I have
seen people get little arm supports on
their desk they're kind of like rotating
arm supports so that the strain isn't on
your wrist you actually like lay your
forearm down on this support that will
move with your forearm and then you can
put pressure on that which is a little
more natural than on your wrist I've
seen a lot of editors use that I mean so
and then stretches you know look up some
stretches to do
the big brutal battle it's fine booking
you do it yeah you're looking through
this absolutely you're a monster
elbow braces work amazing yeah I've seen
a lot of editors use that these these
little like kind of forearm braces that
you can you know move with that really
just take all pressure off of your
wrists
it doesn't matter if you look like an
asshole while using any of these things
if it saves you from right
you don't want crumple tunnel syndrome
yeah oh I'd like to do this thing
that'll save me pain and future medical
expenses but I kind of look like a
weirdo
my mom my mother needed surgery because
of carpal tunnel yeah yeah it was that
bad
yeah oh man see this is the thing I got
a Cintiq recently and that helps a bunch
I'm assuming that's a pen and tablet
those things work great
Brunel's come on rich you into it I know
I can
oh shit you did it xlg we've been
talking stranger things season two all
night I didn't even know you can do that
I hit the bomb right under her what do
you mean I did a thing to write it then
you can do oh great we talked about it
all night go back go back to this
episode new there's a ton of stranger
things to talk about nice got it right
away that I didn't know that's need that
stops her from dropping all them bombs
nice nice I'm very happy with that fight
oh yeah that one quick let's see here
Brown Adam Sandler says I use you guys
as background noise while playing Fifa I
just got elite 3 for this weekend I know
this doesn't mean anything to you but no
we're part of this achievement so here
you go
thank you Thank You Vanessa we however
however we helped you don't know what
your third whatever is elite 3 what is
that
FIFO how do you get a lead 3 that's an
odd number it's after 1 and 2 I assume
goes 4 and then down to 2 any kind of
bracket system but I'm familiar with God
darn it maybe it's a ranking
election almost about time that dumb
dumb
it's the yes they're always stupid yeah
I can't be right in front I'm just gonna
take it cause he always falls forward
that's a great example of why rich
doesn't like 3d platforming that's great
I like it fine skittle Brau says I've
always wished for a game that combines
my love of Mario and hats together nice
little brown very nice Lloyd beets
this game can be easy but there you know
it depends on how completionist you want
to be but yes I mean it's it's a kids
game it's game for children child run
but it's still very fun
I keep fucking up the hedge on them
right it's like I've been getting it
right now I keep forgetting to it's very
slow down the a-hat button jump
hold down the Hat button press but stop
then press the Hat button again is how
you do the double jump the SuperDuper
double jump it's a very it's very uh
once you get once you learn the combo so
no one has answered why Bowser lives in
a Japanese cancer Castle because they
wanted to do different environments and
settings for this game yeah and it's
nice it stands out as different the game
developer said what's gonna be a
distinct level design maybe a fire
castle now we've already done that
hey fucker 3d platforming you can do it
rich you can do it and I didn't need to
kill it oh browses Bowser is Japanese
did you assume he was white racist yes I
assumed he was a white dinosaur I like
that's good a transpose that's good
let's see here's son of Janus as guys
I've been watching rlm since episode of
one review and I loved you guys it was
awesome
thank you when I had a film appreciation
class in college and they showed a clip
of the episode 2 review Jesus Christ the
college what's it good for
that's great tastes apparently oh snap
I'm at a minor fuckup a minor fuckup I
recovered expertly yeah I was gonna say
expert
Harlem is taught at universities
apparently yes seriously I discovered a
Harlem when my video editing professor
played best of the worst SOS SOS Ben oh
my that's crazy that's great
well dr. Horrible's great king vidya
says the college professor showed our
class dr. horrible so i disagree but i
like dr. did you see that no I haven't
oh it's great
infamous infamously made like during the
the writers strike I know or was it the
actor strike and so as a Jess Wheaton
could get like you know bigger named
actors and whatnot to be in a YouTube
video dr. Horrible's sing-along blog so
yeah Neil Patrick Harris and other
people I like dr. Horrible's sing-along
blog that was a great the writers strike
this game is paced much better than
fucking around what Mona's I am shocked
that you got this far like this this
really did feel like a slog to me when I
played yeah yeah I was fucking around
moves like yeah I guess I gotta get
these moons these moons are gonna pay
off eventually no yeah
Felicia Day Nathan fellow Leon shit a
bird at me I need a bird how do I know I
need a bird because a bird showed up
nope not that way now you idiot
it was me
oh come on rich ah dang a ding ding
that's good game design jack I know it
just it bothers me about the game I get
it they got it they got themselves a
gimmick you know I got to take over
different things to to to overcome the
challenge
yes Chad I know damn well that birds the
word the but did you have you heard
about the bird probably bird probably
all right Evan Iseman haven't I have a
nice bathroom bro
and we get it we get it stuck dropping
your cannonballs again you fuck
ah damn it
Oh should I need two more
gosh darnit too shy ah all right we can
do it we can do it
Jack I'm two moons short I'm too short
no it didn't but apparently I do
oh that's a bunch of that's a bunch of
horse baloney
I got another Lacroix fuckin love these
things
Oh buy one that's good point what's this
okay this one I'll buy one then we're
good it's pretty straightforward
climb up the thing whoa
catch nice catch
do you recommend hack O'Lantern that win
yeah yeah a curly dream was fun
jack-o'-lantern was real fun I'm sorry I
missed up here usually there's 200 maybe
the key was somewhere I've down there oh
well it's fine we'll just buy the one
every fine uh you know what I have not
played any of the new tomb Raider's have
you played any of the tomb Raider's
rebooted yeah neither vine where's the
shop right there but you don't I don't
recommend Cathy's curse it had some
enjoyable moments but if you were making
like a like a bad movie party hack o
lantern would fit in Cathy's curse
wouldn't necessarily fit in
your brothers hunter your mothers rather
than twitch your mother's on twitch love
it love it all right ruff that wasn't a
bad are you at the peak of drunkenness
during the discussion I I can say
without a doubt that me during the
Cathy's cursed discussion is by far the
most intoxicated I've ever been on
camera I am if it wasn't if it didn't
turn out so entertaining I would be
ashamed of how drunk I was on camera I
was unprofessionally intoxicated as
people who don't know much about this
game shocked that the guy running the
shop was just a normal guy well is it
it's different in each world rules have
like snails I don't have anything else
to put in this world so they use the
Metro Kingdom guys yeah can't have like
the the birds run the shop why do the 3d
Mario games hate Koopas the only time
you see a Koopa just about in the 3d
games is when it's like a dry bones
you'll see koopa bones and zombies but
not Koopas well it's probably probably
because you know like flying Cooper's
like I said it's hard to land on a stop
right sure you know a fly they don't
have fun most of them walk I wonder if
they're hard to render Jack seems like a
happy drunk I am a half drunk and then
I'm a happy and then very sleepy drunk
but dude you are at your best chill out
yeah
I take I take a lot of things very
seriously and I overthink some things
and racing Cooper's there nothing like
going on Sonic villains though it
doesn't count oh yeah those are like fun
Cooper's yeah
I'm sorry oh no it's just talking about
me being drunk we don't need to talk
about that we've already talked about it
a bunch but it's just one of those
things it's just one of those things
where afterwards we recorded a something
and I I'm just not gonna make it a drunk
thing look at how awesome this is all
you people who complain about realism in
this Mario game but this little fucking
loss no this doesn't this is a realistic
depiction of the fucking mode yeah but
look at the giant squid monsters there
are giant squid monsters this fits
within the reality of Mario look at this
moon physics moon physics is great yep
no this is great but there are giant
cartoon moon squids rich
thank you know I am 12 I appreciate the
support and I'm glad it turned out to be
a funny episode Oh which like I said if
if J I would have felt legitimately bad
had J called me a couple days later and
to be like Jack we we can't use any of
this footage there's nothing funny in
here you're just drunk and obnoxious and
then obviously it didn't work out that
way but that was that's a possibility
there in my head at least that was a
possibility mad strats look at those
space squids those are great
Oh
Oh it's fine it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine
nice rich nice you did it
jumping alright you know you know what
this is completely unrealistic the moon
is volcanic lead and as far as we know
the moon is volcanic lead NAB Mario
knows something though no no this is
horseshit that's what this is but that's
the end for those people saying in the
comments I am certainly not picking and
choosing it's a it's a realistic moon
but it's filled with cartoony creatures
it still can then fit in the world's
Mara and of course there's you know ahem
it's not it's not stand by it I stand by
my sayings but you probably want that
big heart I have that big heart oh wait
oh I fell down to the clip just now
it doesn't matter
what oh and it all start over no it's
fine yep
pick up
hey tanks don't use hats uh if you
notice everyone on this level is wearing
white hats because they are expecting to
go to a wedding it's a defense Mario
can't possess anything that's wearing a
hat you have to knock its hat off first
that's also true but I like that in this
level that we're all wearing fancy hats
because they're elf they're out of faith
they're going to a fancy wedding
not that one can you get up here
gosh darnit good did I'm sorry did did
uh did goofy make an appearance look a
gorgeous whoosh sorry Jack you set the
standard you can only be more drunk at
the next Halloween I'll do my best I
will do my best
perhaps we need a reset and so the next
Halloween episode what'll happen is I'll
be so drunk that I'll pass out and I
can't be in the discussion and then
that'll reset it so the next year I can
go back to just being you know regular
hey Jack and rich longtime watts are
here I've been wondering for some time
too solemn or prereq make anything from
YouTube ad money wondering if I should
hit that skip button yeah we do but it's
it's up to you if you want to hit that
skip button that's completely up to you
but yeah you know we met we make money
with ads on YouTube now it's not a it's
not the majority of our income button
it's some
oh how cool what would you do I just
left that guy to fall on mama yeah
that's that's what Mario does he uses
him then he leaves him how about this go
rich go
where does most of your money come from
it comes from here it comes from which
it comes from from your support here on
the twitch of Jesus so move that's great
that's great
rich busting out the leap strats
what I really want to see his death
soccer - it's on there according to the
powers that be
Deathstalker - stays on the plane keto
board so it'll be there until until we
hit it here's here's here's how the
Deathstalker is gonna work yeah
Deathstalker one was on the Polly
counterpart we landed on it yep
next episode what was on there
Deathstalker the stalker she will remain
up that stalker - at which point the
next plane kept a toe episode of her be
replaced with des stalkers three and so
on until we run out of death stalker
capella pop-pop-pop you shouldn't be mic
cutting in and out who's I don't know
hello
better now fine now working now Mika's
great now okay that was weird
I don't know what that was necessarily
so great what hit her
Chain Chomp
all right let's rock let's rock bring it
you can do this writ straight my beagle
gap
nope nope nope nope we 3d platforming
quick someone makes several hundred
Deathstalker movies absolutely
nope nope
oh god I hit him once or twice Mario uh
nope
Patsy oh you did it
ah Goblin shoe I just made the same joke
hats equal power great boop bop beep
boop our mics cutting out again it's
fine it's fine everything's fine
hurry up Mario the wedding bells are
tolling or what tolling the wedding
bells it's the UH
tolling a word bells toll yes I've never
heard it tolling you never heard of the
Bell Tolls I've heard of the Bell Tolls
I've never heard of bells tolling For
Whom the Bell Tolls yes the bells are
tolling I think most people would say
ringing
I've heard of the phrase for Whom the
Bell Tolls but I've never heard the
phrase the bells are tolling check find
Emma suck point bagger I'll hit the
check point I'm just a check point I
missed this is what checkpoint little
flag a little flag a flag we're back
down there Oh mother fucker
do you need to hit it if I die I
wouldn't want to go back really far sure
at Bell sure is tolling yeah it's not my
fault you don't know things just doesn't
sound right tolling okay now guys this
is when the game gets really fucked up
so Bowser has obviously kidnapped
Princess Peach and I think most people
in the world know this because they've
been going around stealing stuff from
everybody right yeah
like stealing dresses stealing food
stealing drinks right so then why rich
he was the important question why does
everyone show up to the wedding
like he's obviously forcing a ring on
her body and fucking Pauline is there I
was dragged away from my cooking for
this drag weight going on in this place
I was wait wait Oh read that one I was
forced to it says but but who's holding
you here the big the big rape lizard
he's busy get out of there try to repeat
your half peach don't just stand there
help her Pauline you've been in this
situation before help her she's been in
this situation before she's scarred jack
she's having some five-spice and
actually wants peach out of the way
that's what I'm yeah that's what I'm
saying if Bowser takes her I'll get
Mario all to myself that fucking Carmen
Sandiego that's fucking Pauline that's
the girl from Donkey Kong who was not
peach that's Mario's first damsel
how great would the scene V if Pauline
was here with Donkey Kong right that's
it that's what it would be akin to yeah
that's you know that'd be fine
appearance for Donkey Kong just even be
in the wedding you know I just wanted
Kong in the game is that too much desk
you know we see Pauline it'd be nice to
con
although would that would be weird for
everyone because you know Donkey Kong
this is a good guy now he Donkey Kong
stars and games then he's not the bad
guy anymore
he's no longer a rape ape right
everything's raped something apparently
what you reckon that me girls are using
what do you think Donkey Kong wants
Pauline for that's a great question
maybe she was a banana salesman in my in
my G version of this story she was a
banana salesman and he wanted some
bananas
I do still think it's adorable Mario
with the giant punchy hat nice yeah yeah
it's pretty good fight so far doing
great is banana salesman a metaphor no
I'm just saying she has a lot of bananas
in her warehouse and Donkey Kong says
ooh I like bananas so I'm gonna steal
this lady to get her bananas and bananas
aren't a metaphor for anything
they're just bananas sometimes a banana
is just a banana you know come on Bowser
what you got what you got
he's got hats rich that's what the whole
fucking game my god he's got a lot of
hats he has more hats but so the whole
game is about he thinks that if he has
more hats it'll hurt you more but it's
just more hats it's the same shit and
this time he's gonna swing this tail
three times I'm sure cuz that's how the
game works do you not
I thought he started throwing wicked
loads after a while this is version fly
I didn't think I can hit him when you
stole the fire ones I thought I was
gonna prevent me there's nearly perfect
nearly perfectly perfect that would've
been great yeah and I would've been
great would've been grating this on a
perfect Bowser fight what's up what's up
with the rape did it work this is we're
talking about games where girls get
kidnapped
generally speaking that's what happens
when girls get kidnapped not to it not
to get that's it not to be all downer on
everyone but why do you think people
kidnap girls
the kidnap girls to have a meaningful
conversation yeah lets-a-go probably
maybe the Hunchback of Notre Dame is
that what they did I never saw bounce
back another day or read I just know the
Disney move wasn't the Hunchback good
guy I don't know I don't know how things
work
I'll tell you what we're gonna do peach
so got a mind rate Bowser
yeah Bowser how do you like this
we're in your mind now
yeah I like this game considerably more
without getting distracted by moons just
getting straight to it hmm honest truth
yeah yeah I think that means it's fair
Bowser Bowser fun whoo oh my god bathtub
dammit
you can watch the excellent recent video
from Lindsay Ellis and get up to speed
on your hunchback I saw that she posted
that I just that I don't know anything
about hunchback watch Mouse beam Mouse
ooh screen went dead
I did oh you didn't fix it already I
guess you were too busy smashing things
as Bowser to notice you got hit by a
piece of debris no I didn't pay
attention I got hit by Jack shit there
was a piece of falling debris there was
not there was not a swear it if one if
while on Bowser's head rich yeah you
decide to have sex with Peach is that
rape well that's up she didn't consent
to Mario either
that's up to peach right peach has to
say it's okay easy that's how that works
but yeah this would be this would
actually be an interesting theory
because it's it's long been questioned
whether or not peach likes getting
kidnapped you know a lot of people think
that she does it for political sympathy
like she gets kidnapped by Bowser and
then the the Mushroom Kingdom has to
keep her honest believe they forget
about their horrible tax problem exact
we got kidnapped rally around the Queen
and so this would be an interesting
experiment for Mario to be like listen
honey I you know I know he wanted to try
some different things I got this magical
cap now where I can take over someone
else's body for a while to say I'm just
saying
and we got a we get a fucking go-go's
song at the end here on the moon walk
like an Egyptian it does sound like that
but that's the end that's fine it's the
this whole I mean really this whole
segment is the reward it's yeah this is
the firework display at the end of oh
one square missing one square oh my god
harshed my vibe killing my music whoo
Bengals yeah much better this is like
Bengals music and yeah in a typical
firework moment rich Evans dies
immediately I was going to make a
comment about how like it's so easy so
this is just kind of a reward for you
and then it dies like an idiot
yeah the recent does kind of kill the
song's vibe yeah perhaps if I were a
better player oh if only you were able
to get good but we all know you are not
there will be no getting good tonight
the 2d parts seem more fun it you know
there are some decent puzzles where
you're like swapping between 2d and 3d
it's a guys it's some fine some fun
parts
you're great rich
oh yeah
pew-pew we're the kids of America whoa
yes that's exactly what this is you can
do a rich I believe in you
you beat the game in one sitting
yeah not bad not bad not bad how long oh
we got to be getting close to uh let's
find out
yep nope not that hope for our almost
five hours not bad not bad just about
five hours ah
we've reunited the two sentient hats
because that's what we all really cared
about right fucking hats the brother and
sister Van Dyne even love jack put on ik
love the wedding caps and then here it
is Mario finally princess you were in
our outfits I'm making Mario's making
his move I just rescued you once again
princess but to be fair like he really
should have given her a little bit of
time to process the trauma sure you know
she's just been kidnapped
Pauline sitting there waiting Pauline is
back up in the moon chapel she's right
there Mario and why are you consoling
Bowser you horrible man Bowser's scale
is all over the place here it's always
been all over the place
well not in the original Mario this is
the one sprite right
this part I love the final fuck you to
Bowser Oh kick him back to the moon
motherfucker she in looking back I know
rich said that she left them both to die
it was very clear that she knew Mario
could make the jump and Bowser could not
Holly is right there in that Sh
listen there are so many reasons to
choose Pauline over peach Colleen is the
clear choice here I would take Pauline
in a heartbeat over Peach
I want to Rick a jigger or review I want
to be slightly more positive it's when
you ignore the distractions
now go plate it like this just going
straight through focus no no I don't
need those extra moons pace weren't very
well okay like this sure we can do that
I know right we can do that tonight rich
we can make it happen I see ice on the
end of it well no I'll just do it it'll
take us five extra minutes man
just get to get the thing you want to
say right and yes we've spoiled all of
stranger things season two it's all done
if you still want to talk about it we're
here we're talking
yeah my kids are long asleep it's fine
no there's I think there is a lot of
good in this game and once you kind of
master all of your jumping moves there's
oh there's a lot of variation and a lot
of freedom in the movement I think it's
a little it's a little too light on the
challenge for me and if you are looking
for more moons it becomes a bit of a
slog this is game have replayability
there's a whole bunch of shit after the
game that's new we after after this you
go to the Mushroom Kingdom the whole
state and it's a whole new world and
then those little metal squares that
were in every level they unlock more
moons they unlock more moons to get so
every level gets a whole new life life
to it from a move but it's just moves
there's more moons something really neat
actually is every level has a
freerunning race and so it's just like
get from point A to point B on this map
and miss that and you got to you got to
beat the Turtles I missed that yeah yeah
yeah it's it's neat and it's cute it's
just a chance to use your your jumping
abilities but still not a bit of a slog
if you try to collect all the sugar try
to collect a bunch of moon but just
playing like I'm gonna get through this
stage I'm not gonna because that stage
yeah I enjoyed it more than my first
playthrough tonight hmm interesting yeah
Oh woman Tendo copyright right there
where's Luigi they didn't include him in
this game yeah
yeah they didn't let him sorry they
didn't like they didn't like him
James Big Mac yes we recorded our review
earlier today and after we are done
streaming we're gonna record a little
bit extra because rich has some more to
say about it
ah here it is Mushroom Kingdom
you know one of the outfits you can get
for the Mushroom Kingdom is the Mario 64
outfit yeah now that makes you look like
Mario 64 either fuck what I want to look
like that and gross fucking polygon
because you get a four polygon model you
that's a toad lets you in a secret area
and you get a moon I don't ever need I
don't ever need that moon yeah yeah I
did I did the boss rush at 250 I have
over 300 moons and uh we're at and my
playthrough I did the boss Ross is this
about where I'm at in my playthrough my
other playthrough it's neat that you you
have to face all of the at 250 you face
all the brudos and you have to do so in
one life and then after you beat them
you can become king of the moon which
you know pretty awesome King of the Moon
fire mara yeah it's cute cloud Mario
classic Mario classic Mario get it I
want that Skellington Mario though
you can have a full Luigi outfit that is
true but this time I mean is not Luigi
now what's Luigi outfit this is luigi's
different right it's not the same and
you know what you people know it you
know what that does look a lot better
yeah I like that that looks a lot better
well Shawn Peach's castle gosh
yeah go grab Yoshi run around for a bit
where's your shit him see Yoshi oh I'm
not telling him I don't care he's on the
roof
Oh exactly like in in a 60-40 yeah yeah
Oh Princess Peach just gone missing
again that fucking bitch can't give me
two minutes after I save her she catches
terrible
to be fair I like I do like the
rationale after this look at the classic
64 the rationale is after seeing all
these places while being kidnapped
both Princess Peach and the little crown
that was also kidnapped along with her
want to experience them while you know
not being and I like
right
all right oh why can't I look up there
I've done it before
oh yeah use your first person with you
there we go no your that's the moon
take down the Mushroom Kingdom that's
beautiful
Oh a sack mics or Deborah Choate no are
they what pop plug in your thing again
like just replug in your thingy
alright how about now nothing working
now
I'm in the throne yep it's hanging in
the throne yeah I like the red
suspenders yeah the red suspenders look
significantly better I'll be honest with
you
less that's that's old that's Donkey
Kong style it looks great it looks great
all right so are we wrap this throne and
we'll thank some subscribers as a nice
place
oh don't worry rich mentioned a giant
rape lizard many times
disagree
ah perfect king mark looks great great
all right now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
know no sound again it's coming through
there you see it's yeah bleeping and
blooping on then it's working for me too
something's going on hello hello hello
hello
got a fixie mic boys sound is back we
can hear you okay well then really
quickly we are going to try to barrel
through our subscribers before our mics
go out again for some strange reason I
have no idea why our mics keep going out
I don't know why I'm sorry all right and
thank you to all of our subscribers like
Lion slippers way Diddy 23 DJ kento
crispy fried man for 20 fucking months
in a row man the slough Jack's test old
hand to solve for 15 months in a row who
says thanks guys you make all my
sandwiches come true so low 56 7 for 22
fucking months in a row says yay
professor chaos 2015 sorrow or bitter
ater a Thor obliterator Thor obliterator
oh they go Thor obliterator
ah the war on God dog mastery 600 when
you capitalize the X I'm a PE dog master
extreme because a dog mastery extreme
that oh that's how the name is for now
just because that's where they cannot
capitalize any X instead of the E
get it together people tarde core who
says why did the stadium get hot after
the game all the fans left
beer coaster for 13 months in a row
Decepticon says F Davey
LJ Travis who says hey question for you
guys are there any multiplayer games or
even single-player games for that matter
that you would play with your wive's
I've been looking for something to play
with my lady friend ever since we moved
in together bookworm adventures I'm here
I'm gonna I'm gonna put this out there
you might want to try asking your lady
friend
well here's the thing she's probably not
interested in gaming and he's just
looking for something that might turn
around to gaming that's my assumption
otherwise she probably would have said
let's play X a multiplayer game you know
what maybe try to find try to find you a
co-op game and not not a game where you
are challenging her like you know what
it was really fun that's snipper eclipse
like Kane and Lynch snipper clips like
co-op that's pretty vague well what I
meant is a cooperative game a game in
which you have to work together so like
that that snipper Clippers was pretty
fun okay like that one lovers in a
dangerous space-time that's another good
one that uh that weirdo game where we
were in the submarine that was fun I
this is a quid this is a question for
your lady friend so I have no good
answer for you she might not know and
she just might not want to play get sure
presumably she's willing to try sure I'm
not going to assume the worst snipper
Clippers the portal to not if your new
buddy gaming
yeah that's not that's not that's not
early gamer like depending on how not a
gamer she is it just might make her
nauseous Karen can't handle 3d yeah
portal 2 is a very solid game but
remember this is for someone new to
gaming who's not ashamed
presumably yeah cuz if she weren't new
to gaming she would know what she might
be interested
her significant other exactly all right
right let's go
the real they on for twenty four fucking
months in a row
who says after my two-year trial I've
decided that I'd like a refund nope
did you bring the up dog what what's up
dog you made that joke the other day you
know you know coincidence I did
are you subbing to our street our
numbers I did make an up dog joke the
other day what did I do that I forget
when we did the thing then we didn't
talk about earlier oh did I make enough
dog that night nice I was on my game I
made an up dog joke Alger mop
who says thanks for another month of
streams the wife and I are behind on
stranger things so I am bowing out early
tonight have a great evening tonight
good night crooked spiral says oh my god
I've almost been subscribed for a year
thanks for the great streams guys hey
welcome collecting data for 32 fucking
months in a row peace a turn no way min
for 13 months in a row says the E in my
username is pronounced as the E in red
the MN part is my real names initials
which I add because no red no wet
so it's nowhere nowhere no way it was
already taken by the way no way is a
word in Quenya the JRR Tolkien's elvish
languages so what you're saying yeah is
that you're a super big fucking nerve
nowhere nowhere amen
cruzi new who says in anticipation from
mario odyssey i played all the other 3d
Mario games for the first time I would
rank them as follows
one Odyssey to galaxy o galaxy one two
and three no galaxy one oh wait what and
two and then three is for the third rank
yeah I could see that yeah then sunshine
then 64 then 3d World and 3d Land 3d
world in 3d land I think they're
different off there they're not in the
same vein as the other 3d games sure
seems weird to lump those in so then
they would put 64 at the end like you
did and you put 64
yeah know what yeah a lot of people
don't like that sunshine let's see here
rich with the Dragon Tattoo says hey
just got done watching the spectacular
spider-man thanks for the recommendation
rich it was fantastic finished in two
sittings no problem no problem to
sitting z-- Jesus Christ I'm no sure
I've know for thirteen months in a row
I'd know jest I'd know just 13 months in
a row
Geir gar gar gara fuckin hell gah giris
guys with your name's Oz Mike 434
fucking months in a row who says morning
guys I won't be here to hear you read
this but just want to say cheers for the
fun and laughs take care and I hope to
watch you live again soon thank you guys
thank you thank you
Network 30 for a mid night hero for
twenty four fucking months in a row
reckless for 37 motherfucking months in
a row says my Carruth I agree with rich
episode 7 was by far my favorite episode
overall I like the season but there was
definitely stuff that annoyed the shit
out of me I feel the whole barb subplot
was really dumb and made no
since the barb stuff / tape recorder
bugged me yeah it did make the
government guys look kind of stupid that
they didn't check for a running tape
recorder or something like those days
they were worried about bugs and
remember Paul Reiser was kind of like a
normal scientist a normal man like is
the 80 that tape recorder probably made
a lot of noise in her purse and wherever
the fuck it was
she put her purse down like cologne
ma'am what's in your purse sounds like a
cow batteries in there let's see here
Joe kitty
0:01 who says the alien doesn't need
eyesight you dumb fat skinny fucks it's
pure instance as Jay Mets bill la hecka
for 40 motherfucking months in a row and
Bill this is 40 goddamn months and I
haven't learned anything I'm sorry we
try to teach y'all weekend with terrible
teaches thanks anyway thank you Bill
semantics seven dumpler z-- William
Thomas_Edlund says hey Jack did you have
a good board game for only two people
rich you're among friends in a
supportive environment it's time free
time for your hashtag me to be brave lol
twitch my prime what was that that was
that was a hashtag that came out for
people supporting those who were going
through sexual harassment in the
workplace they're saying that you're in
a supporter of my environments are you
Brady for riot really a good board game
for two people yes there are plenty of
them if you like tech building games I
play the Marvel legendary deck building
game with my wife all the time just the
two of us we've been recently playing
the game
underlings of underwing which works
really great in a two-player environment
it's about hatching dragon eggs and so
if you're into fantasy or whatnot but
that's a really great 2 player game what
other games have we played two player oh
there's a game called time barons which
actually was designed by Derek you the
guy who made spelunky that's a really
good two-player game that's a versus
game though so it's a little bit
different but lots of lots of good
options out there for two-player games
fiery dog poop the naked Loki Steph and
double-oh-seven timekeeper 102 yeah
ludicrous gibs
spelt Apple who says Jack my hope for
the next best of the worst video is
plink a doe with you finally using a
ball don't let your dreams become memes
you never drop the ball
no I've been on like free thinking as
I'm sure you know okay I'm sure I don't
remember but I'm sure I have eyes just
these are memes usually named for 36
motherfucking months in a row says 36
months to think of something to stay
still working on it
sorry did you hit it oh I forgot we had
it I forgot we had it we meeting look
what we brought back we had to read the
Rika jigger it
did it where are we
you sure evening 12-point courier who
says happy two months AKA no more
condoms anniversary i why why were you
using them in the first place what were
you doing with your computer sir or
madam why would you stop using condoms
after two months also like another great
question
so I condom served two very important
purposes and it's not like those
conditions go away after two months
twelve point courier you need to look
into your your routines here they only
go away at various parts of the month le
Rosa says and that's only one of them
there's a whole mother there's a whole
nother situation that never goes away
rich even if you hit it with soap
talking about STDs well two months
presumably you're being faithful to each
other chat oh I guess I was just
assuming that everyone has STDs all the
time okay Ali Rosa says actually Alan
Rosa for 21 rocky beyond sorrow it says
it's better other great bump thanks for
getting me back into stardew valley
polyhedral dice question number 16
what's a bee eater 1 gonzo the great
says oh man 6 months feels longer just
kidding you guys are great no you're not
ok word smash so know what the hope your
angry words annoy you of the word words
nice all right I'll take that big blonde
Oh 75 pretzels 1 3 3 7
skip the brown leftover beef cake for 36
motherfucking months in a row
oh you know leftover beefcake made the
twat sure that we're using yeah I think
I think he cheated and he programmed
that to say 36 prematurely so he can get
the shoutout
unjustly as you hit the thing what
you
this is why we check first this is why
there's another name someone got lost in
the shuffle
Swilly bo Jagan's says hey made it to
the last minute maybe and now by the way
leftover beefcake also left a message
that we didn't say yeah says I'm proud
to support the best Star Wars podcasters
and Friday the 13th game streamers on
Twitch was at which moves OVH right what
and also there is no punch line to this
joke this time
how's that for setup and no payoff
thanks for the three years prereq thank
you we've cake did every time you go to
it it's just gonna keep making that
noise yeah
