Jan 25, 2017
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/121637713
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/121707348
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhXMeG_qPSY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN3RXh2IH-g
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/824365444756897793

[Part I]
okay all right we're streaming which is
not really full screen but all right you
know what I think we can see the screen
enough it's fine fixing it I'm fixing it
rich you're fixing an area fixing it hey
everybody how we doing how we doing
there we go now we're working we're
getting Resident Evil 7 out of the way
at least I am I have zero interest in
this Jack do you have interest in this
it's that same kind of curiosity you
know yep when you when you think there
might be a dead animal outside you don't
really want to see it I know it's the
hot new game the hot new Resident Evil
the the big franchise oh shit
so you know we play the new game we've
done a that's depressing we've got a dog
and fast motion runs joy we've done a
bunch of indie games recently and so
it's like yeah let's do it let's do a
big-budget game all right all right
big-budget game why not
maybe fine you know what it's like
scratch what scratch scratch what's the
ratch it's gonna rain ething they said I
wouldn't I wouldn't worry about it too
much already worried about it did
everyone did everyone listened to
hallelujah money I think Jack likes it I
don't I don't understand things
how are us two hacks tie us all fucks
not hacks fucks well we're fine
oh I'm fine
let me guess rich hates our e7n even
played re7 go fuck yourself based off
take your Resident Evil series and shove
it up your ass
based off of the menus give me a quick
first impression of our seven rich
doesn't like anything because he doesn't
like the things I like and those are the
only things that count you know that's
true rich you know it's true all right
our refresh rate is up and ready to go
finish this up eighty she was eighty
years too young
I'm sure Mary Tyler Moore lived a long
and fruitful life yeah this up
well you're already and you die it's not
you're not really shocking and I'd be
bad if you really enjoyed that person
sure no sad sure but you know what it
really for me like anything over
seventeen like I thought you you made it
eighty eighty over eighty and you can't
call it a tragedy right I agree alright
let's uh get a new game up ending but
it's sad that she's gone right what do
we think yeah difficulty yeah I'm ok
with that normal not playing this in VR
is missing most of the point you'll hate
this
she's on the wrong side of the uncanny
valley the eyes aren't bad the mouth is
really messed up but yeah it looks
alright yeah but it's close enough to
real where you're in the creepy
territory yes I agree
whoa what's happening Audio seems to
only be coming in via the mics I think
that was just shitty audio deliberately
that was important as soon as we're done
with the scene I'll up it up I'll up the
audio Ray is a game audio please okay I
will as soon as we're done with the
things over here her ti no her teeth
were really weird leftover beefcake says
since I can't hear this shit anyway
gorillas doing the soundtrack to Hideo
Kojima's new game oh well star do my
valley I know I had rich listen to the
song just cuz I've been a little
obsessed with it over the weekend I'm
actually shocked I forgot to talk about
it on Sunday but Sunday was a whirlwind
for me so I was just tired but it's it's
just a it's a very weird song this
hallelujah money by the gorillas and
it's fascinating to me I I just really
dig it and every time I hear it I hear I
hear something new you know and it it
just makes me fall in love with it this
is this weirdos thing can I turn no this
weirdo singer this kind of off-kilter
beat it sounds like it doesn't really go
together the beat in the song and then
it all comes together for the first
hallelujah and then it goes down to
acting it was hallelujah monday I just
love it I flip in Sri Chen says I am
super excited for tonight I went in
thinking this game is gonna suck but it
was actually alright and plays homage to
old resident evil not saying you have to
like it or be interested of course hi-oh
can't knew what he was like is still
like this is fit in with anything
watch me I'm not like us I'm not a
resident evil' fan I got my stick
working and you know the only resident
evil' whoa fuck the only Resident Evil
game I have ever enjoyed is Resident
Evil 4 which was a little camp e'er that
was the we won and had the we shooting
right gamecube gamecube gamecube game
yeah GameCube well it started on the
Gamecube and then they got you got to
others or to the other stuff too but
yeah I was a GameCube game it was great
ok it's great super fun very campy rkt
but it didn't take itself too seriously
I hated the old Resident Evil games
because of the the static camera so this
is not connected to the other games it's
kind of like a soft reboot like every
three games are anyway
ok ok
okay we'll check this gate out see
what's going on with this gate check
Lamont says keep up the good work
gentlemen
love your honest opinions and don't let
the haters get to you
Prust haters there's a post thing is
Prost Prost Prost is how you say you
know salute or like it's how you toast
in German when it comes to zombie games
Dead Rising 1 & 2 is 5 it is pretty good
but one it's my favorite
one's fairly in the spirit of your
classic Romero zombies Resident Evil's a
lot of bizarre stuff with corporations
and secret agents yeah and superpowers
no love for left for dead
Oh for what I'm not much of a
multiplayer guy I'm I'm largely a
single-player gamer and as far as
left4dead goes I'm not personally a fan
of fast zombies slow zombies are creepy
in a way that fast zombies can't be sure
art oh yeah and I love like left for
dead it was amazing multiplayer gameplay
I really like that
a slow zombie is fucking walking corpse
it is def embodied a fast zombie well I
will admit is a bigger actual threat is
just kind of a monster that's running
towards you
what do I think of dead rising 4i I
think they stripped out everything I
liked about Dead Rising one liked
everything I liked about Dead Rising
what is gone the core the heart of Dead
Rising was the fucking timer let's do
that that's too challenging that's too
dumb people want dumb entertainment
really they just want dumb games that
they can play and not bank at all Dead
Rising 1 is a fucking time management
game first and foremost so the series is
kind of like a zombie right now the the
menu for like rebinding all Mikey's is
just taking way too long so easy control
should be fine ok
sorry about that everyone all right
there you go now we'll be able to do
this unit six or three idiots' is in the
chat rich the timer was stupid because
you can't encourage export value
scrolling faster than I could read the
things you can't explore the game
because you can't encourage exploration
until people have to hurry the fuck up
you are a moron because in Dead Rising 1
you could and almost encourage like if
you really wanted to to ignore the timer
and the main story and just fuck around
the mall
if you missed like for one the rescuing
people time missions yeah 100% optional
100% optional the main story missions
that are time which is I guess all the
main story bids if you ignored one of
those a little screen would pop up
saying do you want to reload a safe so
you could reload a previous safe if you
fuck one of those up or you know what
was an option in Dead Rising oh you know
what main story is over you can still
fuck around the mall as long as you want
oh so you aren't you weren't limited in
your exploration at all
what you have done is unit 603 idiot
you're fucking bitching has ruined the
game for me so thanks you kill the
series I loved
well congratulations unit six or three
idiot did they put a little pause this I
think you kind of like that put your
hands up but they're a little blurry
like their focus
yeah
oh you know 603 apologize problem is
that a lot of publishers make games
assuming people play it only once or
never again yeah yet I scrolled up and
not scroll enough to read it
ivory play games I liked all the goddamn
time what you're basically telling me is
I can't enjoy games anymore because dumb
people no not because of dumb people
rich because of weak people you know
who's weak all these publishers gone
well yeah we don't want it we don't want
to do anything too drastic in our game
or else people might not play it when
the reality is if it's a good game
people will play it but we don't we
don't you can you can beat zone of the
enders two and five or six hours I've
played it like at least ten times
through yeah Dead Rising was designed to
be replayed hmm or to even stop stop
where you are and start from the
beginning with all of the experience
you've earned up and the powers you've
earned all that and you see a powerful
more powerful each time you play through
it yeah
what it was designed for and it was
great and it was fun and it was
replayable yeah but I guess I just have
to play it once and forget about it
oh god well it's the sign of a it's a
sign of a development that doesn't have
a strong vision is they go well you know
people are probably only gonna play it
once I will get it over with quick the
only the only fucking game that the
person who was like in charge of dead
rising for made before that I think they
were like Dance Kinect games
aha
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh okay we got a
driver's license
great I'm angry today because somebody
tried to throw Dead Rising 4 in my face
and say I should love it even though
they fucking gutted it and dumbed it
down and then someone tried tried to
talk smack about the first dead rising
using apparently incorrect information
explaining to me why all of the things
that I actually like about Dead Rising
were stupid and had to go I don't think
so that's not put me in kind of an
annoyed mood I apologize sorry rich do
you want to listen to hallelujah money
again no I don't I would help you I
don't let me tell you what you know what
this weekend was uh it was a stressful
weekend I had a lot of work to do this
weekend and you know I was feeling a
little I was feeling that she had oh
it's been a little iffy and I heard that
song and the first time I heard it I
said what the fuck is this garbage it's
it's just it's off-putting and this
isn't this doesn't sound anything like
the gorillas that I love but that
hallelujah money got stuck in my head
since I listened to it one more time
there's like a half hour later listen to
one more time my god you know what maybe
it's not maybe it's not so bad I'll
listen to it one more time I listened to
a third time and it's just it's in my
head now constantly you are allowed to
like whatever you want to like Jack
bring up audio in the game again the
mind oh that's right
Santa gak says hi Richard Jack all right
first live stream I love you more than
life itself no I still don't fully
believe you'll actually read this can
you say hi Keith hi Keith now they all
know your real name unless that was a
clever fake out and you're setting up a
Keith that you know probably probably
probably is probably got you
the escort AI in Dead Rising 1 was
terrible though stuff like that makes a
game hard in an artificial way only when
they there was every now and then they
wouldn't be able to get like up a Ledge
or something like that but I like the
difficulty in escorting the survivors
like the one of the best one of the best
experiences I ever had with a fucking
video game was my Dead Rising 1 fucking
perfect run yeah yeah and outside of
them getting like stuck I'll agree
that's bad but the difficulty of it made
it a challenge like the the escort
missions in Dead Rising are optional
right you don't you'll lose the main
story because you fail an escort quest
the games not designed with the thought
that you will or can save everybody
though if you do it's just extra
challenge in my eyes right yeah yeah but
I guess you have to only play the game
once and do it perfectly your first time
through keeping that popcorn let me let
me tell you something that's really
super annoying yeah is I'm alt tabbing
out of Resident Evil 7 to make changes
to OBS and when I alt tab back to
Resident Evil 7 it doesn't go back to
full screen thank you just do all the
time I couldn't no I couldn't I couldn't
see like button problems okay okay so I
needed so now I need to restart the game
in order to get back into full screen
because there's no way to get it back
into full screen you don't come and so
you know Haigh a game game people let's
make this a thing that happens actually
Dead Rising 2 one of the things I don't
like about Dead Rising 2 is they made
the the escorting of people easy to the
point where it just seemed almost
pointless
they would run straight to the place
they need to go all right
that's easy took all the excitement out
of escorting people though sure now I
know I'm going so I'm gonna run I don't
need to check my addictive output speed
run
Jack Hoffa in the chat aside let's be
honest yeah you only played pong once
and then forgot about and never tried to
play it again playing games
the escort missions are optional but you
kind of had to do them to gain XP or you
could just you know restart the game and
and your XP carries over and slowly over
time you're going to get stronger and
stronger you have this false notion in
your head that you have to be able to
play the game only once and do all of
the things go on in circles here but
basically Dead Rising for is garbage
yeah yeah I believe it dumb down garbage
no you know I wasn't super into Dead
Rising the theater one or the series I
only played one and so it's like yeah it
wasn't really my thing it looked like it
should be though but maybe I just never
gave it and maybe I just never got into
it as much as I should a renegade
Kieran's chances forcing a player to
restart the first few hours multiple
times is not good game design hey I hate
to tell you this but my Dead Rising
perfect run was starting from level one
completely unleveled so maybe well well
there may be maybe you need to get good
for I get that point for new players but
like rich said there could be oh you
could fuck around in the game but then
if you wanted to play more and say get a
perfect game you know maybe you should
stick to Resident Evil or something else
different games for different folks now
for different folks
okay all right here we are
Panama says hey guys love the streams
rich hi since you enjoy stealth games if
you look into shadow tactics on PC
it's a tackle self game in which you
control up to five characters fun and
challenging interesting I've never heard
of it I know I know I enjoy visible ink
which is a turn-based tactical game
shadow tactics hello I think it's like
it's like a like Shogun era or if you
have like a samurai
person with a bow and arrow I think if
that's the oh I will look into it okay
don't elias's yeah okay my buddy and I
watched fuck you it's January 2017
realizing we needed a good laugh we
smoked a joint and went to see
underworld seven or eight or seven eight
seventy eight they got a seven and an
eight their underwear that is or if it's
actually called underworld 78 okay great
no idea hilarious by the by guess what
they sell it for they set it for another
sequel do that's great you know good
good for those underworld people can I
take this no good for those under
underworld people they got they got
themselves a gig man they got a steady
gig you know you know what people on
Hollywood like money steady money good
for them something you're talking about
shadow tactics it's been all over the
gog main page for like two months I
haven't been searching for it I've been
I've been I've been fine with the games
I've had for the last couple months I
haven't really been shopping for
something new so I haven't noticed it
not in the market I mean I was trying to
do my XCOM classic no soldiers lost run
yes
what you did yeah and when I wasn't
playing that I was unwinding with like
doing unwinding with Tim or Space Marine
in the last week or two yeah yeah doing
great
there's moss in there probably not ready
for us all so I was playing more that
zombie night of terror that black and
white kind of like zombie running the
style you know I remember enjoy that
that's a fun little game but rich
doesn't like anything except the dead
body thing but too smart for me i won
thumb I want dumb I wanted thumb I mean
you got played again it's what play
wants to forget about it move on to the
next thing
the 1886 is great because you only want
to play it once no you know what that
game once and I was just done you know
what the order 1886 is the best cuz you
don't even want to play it once if
that's if that's the the name of the
game is like play it play a game the
least amount of times all over that
classic Sony VCR it's like not anybody
use
I do not have an item to use gauge all
new cases this dream is brought to you
by geek crate go dude
www GE crate comm / prereq and enter the
coupon code oh my god to say 5% on a
year subscription he crazy proud sponsor
of prereq and our LM yep much love to
get Craig you know they make this show
happen and we know all you nerds and
geeks out there really love you junk
they love the geek crate that's of the
nerd podcast what we call it then don't
cast a nerd how got draw a blank
you know completely unrelated news I
bought a rogue one shirt the other day
really yeah in completely unrelated news
to the geek podcasts the nerd crew yes
that's what it's called
ah interesting are you enjoying your
shirt nope okay great
is this weird like graphical glitch that
I'm trying to look at you see that look
at the top right corner watch I see it
everyone was like a white flashing light
thing yep yeah um could be a graphical
glitch or it could be an actual thing
that's going on then you need to worry
about it could be a spoof I think was a
spider web caching yeah yeah okay don't
forget to save at the cassette player I
just you know what thank you for that I
just found that and I just saved
apparently you have to save at cassette
players what's going on in this game so
far um I believe I'm looking for my wife
who's been missing for three years okay
and this is her last known location and
I just found a VHS tape and in this room
why would she come here she had a
babysitting job remember and then
opening up the door and in this room
there's there's a VCR look at this
awesome looking VCR if I showed up my
babysitting job and it was this house I
would leave immediately well maybe it
was it they looked better
did you find this guy give me a break
Pete hey I only work with professionals
speaking of which make sure the sound is
right that was two fucking years ago
I don't do ADR new guy oh I'm the camera
guy now to change you plan we do a walk
through the inside first then we shoot
the intro just like we always do just
try to say the show's name this time
okay another worthless fucking shit
sewer Gators sewer Gators huh great
thank you
I'll help I'll help I'm a cameraman
I'll help there really is an uncanny
valley effect on with the people will
loose to me
yeah they look a little bit creepy are
they supposed to look creepy don't I
think these are supposed to look like
you my bags but they're weird and
soulless yeah we're very impressed with
the graphics that's that's the problem
though that's the whole uncanny valley
effect once you get done killing well
slipping rules in here what's going on
right or does anybody care I don't know
I really don't know okay so I just
watched through this house as me and now
I'm walking through as the cameraman we
there are years ago actually walking
we're doing this yeah I'm walking this
is weird it's the uncanny valley
because fucking this going on forever I
don't know when that's gonna stop like
you see like a stick figure
you say oh that's a person it looks
nothing like a person but you understand
that it's supposed to be a person and
then you get something what's more and
more human and you hit a spot where you
get something that looks very close to
realistic but not quite 100% and it's
it's creepy it's like cartoony Kurtz udy
I could do it a little bit more
realistic I can deal with that uncanny
valley I'm super realistic but not
realistic enough and it's like oh wow
that looks that looks like a like on a
lifeless corpse but it's moving when it
what the idea is that like as it gets to
like 99.9% like a human realistic human
it actually drops off drops down in the
realism scale because your your brain
knows that it's not a human yeah and it
makes it look even more like not a human
it is it's a creepy effect yeah when
you're in the uncanny valley then
presumably once you have 100% it's fine
yeah but you have to get you have to hit
100% at that point okay
renegade Kyra says hi guys a lot of
people have limited internet speeds and
data caps downloading games and
streaming really adds on doom is 80
gigabytes do you think games will go all
digital within 5 years lol
Germany UK yes they will honestly I'm
surprised they didn't do it this console
generation Xbox wanted to do the thing
where you couldn't sell discs yeah let
me back down and a backfired on them but
obviously they're they're pushing to go
in that direction and the reason is you
can't sell a digital game used right
because you know they're not Mike both
developers the publishers and Microsoft
or Sony none of them are getting any
money when you buy a used game stock use
game at gamestop only Game Stop is
getting that money they want to get 100%
of the revenue for every game that a
person place oh sure but it's like if if
you are a PC gamer you're already all
digital like if you have steam like you
don't get any digits anymore yeah you
know the majority of people don't
anymore and so consoles will get there
too by the way
real quick point so I'm the cameraman
yes
have you strapped your head jack I'm
just saying I'm the cameraman just point
that out there that I am holding a
camera right now puddin putting that out
there holding a camera I am very curious
we never actually did this experiment to
take like one of the big console
releases and see if it would even run
without getting a forced update from the
internet whatever did that experiment we
talked about doing it once you could I'm
about to get rid of my uh are you gonna
get rid of the blood board machine no I
read my xbox I think ever you did I was
going to almost Goofy's gonna happen it
oh my god
let me speak - I was going to and then
what did we get on it and what did I
plan it I forget there was a reason and
why don't we borrow the titanfall oh
yeah that was ages ago but like like
yeah maybe titanfall - who's like oh
maybe we'll do something with it and
then I was planning on and and and then
I just never got around to it and I
haven't touched it since I said oh maybe
we'll play it sometime yeah I'm
definitely getting rid of it is there's
no spooky behind me you know I'm
definitely getting rid of it but before
I do we can do the test of like
resetting it to factory defaults and
then and I'm trying to start it without
an update my guess is it won't is it
won't start without an update okay so
some people died did nonnamous says hey
guys how would you want to talk about
the people who died it I'm sorry no
that's it that's all I have some people
died it some people that it okay now it
says hey guys thanks for the awesome
streams I apologize this has been asked
before but any chance of revisiting
Phoenix right
if so no worries I know you're a busy
bunch please take care of I'm sure we
will do it eventually
those fun streams next dream I kind of
want to play with all curia Chronicles
oh yeah yeah yeah that that was a one
that was I suggested to you she played a
little bit of it uh-huh
and I was kind of enjoying it I'm gonna
join it so far I give you that one
another go yeah well you know a stream
go yeah yeah well I mean I mean like he
played a little bit of it off stream and
you liked it enough to play it on strim
I was gonna play a lot more tonight but
Resident Evil 7 came out like today you
played the new game yeah people like it
when you play the new game rich
people like it where you play the new
game I forget I don't know where to go
oh I remember now
don't worry everyone I remember now I
just saw on the video that there's a
secret switch in the chimney relish the
relish says hey Jack
hi I'm relish I really relish Doctor Who
but stop watching when Tennant and the
original showrunner left because it felt
like a natural ending is it worth
watching past season 4 PS love the
streams yes
after Tennant is Matt Smith and Matt
Smith has two good seasons and then
after that just stay as far away or else
he'll be riddled with disappointment but
actually like his Matt Smith's second
season has a really fantastic enemy
mm-hmm
they're these aliens called the silence
and the thing with the silence is as
soon as you look away from them
you forget that they ever existed yeah
they have like this weird telepathy
power and so you know like they'd get
all scared because they'd see the alien
and then they'd look away and oh
everything's hunky-dory and fine and so
they came up with this system of like
using permanent marker to notch on their
arm with how many Cylons they've seen
and so then all of a sudden like you
know they'd be talking nonchalantly and
then the camera would slowly pan down
and you can see like they're covered
with notches it was really fun
television really fun but then it got
really wacky and really dumb so I think
you can get two seasons of the new
Doctor Who of Matt Smith Doctor Who and
be okay with it
come but then it got super dumb how's
the old guy I haven't seen it I haven't
seen I know I completely stopped
watching it after after they after it
was revealed that the Statue of Liberty
was actually an alien a time-traveling
alien that walked through New York I
said ah you know I'm good the premiere
of the reboot had mannequins taking over
the earth how was this shocking that was
a really dumb episode but then it got
good okay I I feel like I got like that
was a super dumb episode with the living
plastic
don't bother 3-under
yeah wait wait until Moffat leaves my
controller is vibrating and it's not
stopping vibrating unit 603 idiot says
hey rich that's stopping vibrating you
love dead rising that's cool
I'm too methodical and fresh method of
memory that's right I'm too methodical
and it frustrated me so it's not my type
of game even the timer would be cool if
there was multiple saves love your work
don't hate me I don't hate you
I just because we can disagree about
something doesn't mean I hate you look
you have to understand I really love
Dead Rising one it is one of my all-time
favorite games and it's kind of
upsetting to me I think understandably
that everything they gutted and tried to
shove in my face as a selling point that
they gutted it we're all of the things
that I actually liked about the series
yeah and I feel I think anyone would
feel that way about you know their
favorite series
whoa
corpse says it's kind of a sore spot for
me yeah I can see that and and and
really annoying that we took out the
thing you like this is a good reason for
you to like the game now oh you old
fuddy-duddy
the kiven it's a hip new thing to do we
got to move on to the future we're gonna
take out all the things you like there's
a progress and it was it was it was
infuriating to listen to interviews with
the developers about that game
absolutely enough fury a ting that was
their real yeah something basically
these old folks just don't understand
yeah I'm sorry time moves on games gotta
be dumber that's an improvement
my girlfriend's name again my wife Mia
then I watch the video you linked I'm
assuming I did
I've watched multiple videos about it I
didn't really need the video though
because I heard about everything they're
taking out
I'm just trust me I was very familiar
with Dead Rising 1 Michael they try to
say you have you have freedom without
the timer I I was screaming at face it
basically out my monitor no you did in
Dead Rising 1 you could ignore the story
freely and the game did not penalize you
for that did need a video to show me
that I knew
trust me I knew I was the parody of the
dead dev interviews I did not see that
one I think you're talking about an
entirely different Dead Rising 4 video
no actually I wouldn't mind seeing the
parody one yeah and it Sweden tweeted
the Jack or something he'll give a
debate tweet it to pre-record the blue
blaze Peter Capaldi aka old guy look I
didn't know his name the only way I knew
to describe him was the older one the
one with whiter hair not that he's
ancient I'm Kenny Valley yeah we live in
the uncanny valley is a decent Doctor
Who you should give the latest seasons
with him a chance also have you seen in
the loop it's a good political movie and
compiled these best film roles
he's coming we need to go we need to go
now
this the wife yeah like that it almost
kind of looks like a real person that's
pretty nice that's good graphic taking
me but then you see her face you want to
tell me and like those little hair
strands that are kind of out of place
she's not as bad as some of the other
ones has really been three years
what what is this place what they do you
not now we need to get out of here first
I think it's this way
how thankfully no I can't get around her
the game's not letting me go around her
it's not letting me take the lead yeah
we have to talk not me now was it me you
did I didn't okay fine just tell me
what's going on
yeah hey sure you know where you going
through here I remember what does that
do for you I think it like if people are
attacking me at blocks okay but I don't
know it's just it's the only thing I can
do right now he's put my hands up
it's dabbing I'm shocked something
didn't grab her as she went around the
corner that's how I'm trying to what
this door
what's going on shut that door always
close the door I always always be
closing doors well go ahead Hey look a
doll
alright sorry Jen says off camera sorry
Jen says Valkyria seems kind of
interesting but be alright if we try to
shoot for PW after Valkyrie stream next
Wednesday please
if so hopefully it doesn't get forgotten
I don't think we forget we hear about
kind of a lot we won't forget it listen
we what we like alright I know like I
know Apple Jacks don't taste like apples
but we eat what we like
sister in the chances yeah I'm still not
saying how this is anything like
Resident Evil well say the Resident Evil
name is bankable yeah yeah it's very
risky to make a new property but if you
have a name that everyone knows on it
it'll sell like hotcakes yeah yeah with
you
re7 don't taste like game so far I
believe I believe I called that with the
e3 bit demo trailer or whatever it was
no one like who wasn't that was like who
was that was like if you don't have it
in VR you're not getting the full
experience right just watch a fucking
movie well Jesus Christ this is how this
is how they get rid of this is how they
sell away no gameplay like no it's VR so
you can feel the fear you can wheeze the
juice
what do you want
everyone says the game's gonna start
soon yep
I believe you games have to get out of
this trend word apparently according
everyone the game is always just about
to start like right when we're done with
it they need to end this trend where it
takes five hours for the game to
actually start pacing rich pacing oh I'm
not walking significantly slower than I
walked before I guess that wouldn't be
spooky or something I don't know I've
never been a gamer
okay I put my hands in I did it rich I
did a gameplay
stop stabbing me
hmm are you
yeah I mean I would've been fine Oh a
little bit of water it's fine that was
first aid medicine rich or the knife go
where'd the knife go Oh No okay there's
an axe yeah fine yeah fucking kill you
right away I don't know you anymore
fuck you really yep right away really
rich I've known this character for two
seconds yeah but the character the main
character is known her for longer than
that right this this is the kind of
encounter that would have had impact
like in the third act of a movie instead
of the the first five minutes of the
movie pacing a rich it's all about
pacing hey give me my axe back hey give
me my axe back
I know I know you're gonna say something
spooky I'm gonna say some spooky aren't
you want that axe okay what's it what do
you think about what I think it's I
think it's gonna say run sure no not
really
this isn't my bag Jack I just killed my
wife and I'm fine yeah I'm fine with
that
okay person on the telephone in murder
house I just murdered my wife and now
I'm going to walk to the attic okay I
mean and I'm not gonna be able to pick
up that accent how's it supposed to be
an experienced game if you don't even
buy the experience like why is he doing
that
exactly wait why is the kid but it's the
story it's the experiment whatever right
they're so they're so they're so
concerned about like tone and feeling
and spooky noises
what that is really strong glass it's
the old hell she could let me chop your
way through a wall right and alright go
into the Attic
Mia has run away let's try that again
finished here says one-time fan finally
submitted guys please get J to watch
night of the demon it's a sex weirdo
movie right up his alley
also big Bears fan should the Bears
draft the Notre Dame quarterback um
I don't follow the football enough to
tell you be able to tell you anything
about the Notre Dame quarterback it
would be nice if the Bears had a
quarterback who didn't suck which in my
lifetime has never happened not even not
even an 85 like Jim McMahon was he was
good but it wasn't like a Hall of Fame
level good sure that team won on defense
well you if we swap with the Green Bay
you can get a quarterback that sometimes
is really great and then chokes at every
every time I would take Aaron Rodgers
over Cutler in a fuckin heartbeat
I don't know that Aaron Rodgers was
choking I watched that game oh yeah yeah
I just know he did that one here one
year where he choked I forget I also
don't pay it to him this is open now I
also don't pay attention to the sports
all right oh my god go to the Attic but
I need a fuse Jack Jack doesn't know
about the footballs I don't know about
the footballs hey you first-aid kit III
don't know about the footballs and I
still know more than Jack does about the
footballs oh I don't know anything
got the footballs I thought I thought I
knew a little song about the football I
thought I knew enough to make a joke but
it even might like my in Rogers jokes
joke but apparently that was even wrong
so I can't even conceive of the Bears
with a quarter badger you don't want to
think about it cuz that it might get
Jerry no no I just like it's so alien
the concept I can't picture it in my
head it's in a cupboard slash closet
closet nearby this game will take a
month to complete at this rate here's
something you need to know about Jack
one I am a notoriously slow gamer I like
to I like to rub up against all the
walls I'd like to look around and number
two I don't give a fuck here's here's my
question jack is every single monster
encounter in this game every single one
going to be a glorified QuickTime event
as it like it was that one yeah
absolutely look at my inventory okay I
only have this many slots yeah so I'm
not gonna get a weapon of any kind I'm
not going I'm not gonna get anything you
have an axe I have an axe I don't think
I'm gonna get anything useful so I'm
saying absolutely look for this fuse
a lot of nose in the chat sorry alright
this is basically the tutorial sent out
Jesus Christ then they need to get
better at doing tutorials
oh here we go
I got my thing now yeah you certainly
couldn't have broken open that flimsy
wouldn't dresser with your axe right
like keep it without my axe I could
probably just rip the doors right off
that's fine that's fine
that's a funny joke but that's fine it
all right got a fuse everything's fine
oh look oh there's there's Mia again
come here Mia I'm gonna chop your
fucking head off
that was probably supposed to be scary
the little doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
the blue blazes X X X X X you know what
that's that's an understandable reaction
what that's okay we have water oh yeah
you're right maybe oh you know what
maybe this game takes a turn for awesome
and I get a chainsaw arm
OOP
can I pick up my hand can i reattached
my hand okay I have my hand you need a
tourniquet well I don't have a
tourniquet you need to fucking like rip
off your shirt and make a tourniquet
yeah no the game totally is totally
gonna let me do that the blue blaze says
I just want to say thanks for playing
part of the game I couldn't decide
whether or not to buy it but this is
shaping up to be a fuck you it's January
horror-movie in the form of a game so
far
we'll see apparently this is gonna pick
up any minute now you know you know what
exactly when it's gonna pick up rich
five minutes after we're done streaming
of course that's always what it's
supposed to pick us when it really turns
around oh hey look
yeah well shit I was wrong I got a gun
all right okay what do you mean okay
fine you already tried to kill her with
an axe you you're bleeding to death oh
hey Rach wait look I got some water
ready Oh rich I don't need to use the
first aid kit I don't need to use it
right now rich can I combine it with my
hand
and I don't need to use it right now as
I look at my severed hand son of a bitch
come on game that's great yeah that's a
good point where's the flashlight huh
where's the flashlight was the same
place the camera was on the cameraman
apparently it's it's duct taped to my
fucking head that's where it is
spoopy we got spookiness confirmed for
spookiness see these you should be on
the floor from blood loss right now
unable to move right but it's a game an
except that's not trying to be a game
it's trying to be like an experienced
movie thank you but it's a game so it's
okay now when you're bleeding I don't
understand it's realistic is the stump
can turn the door handle
hi hi honey
yeah I don't know how to fight her off
yet yeah
yeah yeah City
but how many times did I shoot her in
the fucking face
wait how did he we load it
shadowed fuckin five times in the face I
have my gun
I get that get that okay fine
there was another box of ammo somewhere
around here
games Lu cases playing this game myself
a little ahead of you guys
okay first part of the game seems they
could be a Blair Witch game also is very
positive in reviews on Steam re eight
will be umbrella Inc zombies lol price
again yeah I'm on it now bitch can you
just I took one step up there yeah can
you run away can you go somewhere else
should we try avoidance Jack you're
trying to murder look maybe we need to
avoid
I'll fall for that again game I can't I
can't there I couldn't better running
running away now I want that Mouse back
this is what happens when you aim at the
controller jack run away
what
I'm not convinced you can tell her oh I
might have oh I do it did I do it
chainsaw all right no Bloods going on
can I get that chainsaw can I at least
move the chainsaw away from her here
alone I'm gonna move it away from her
come here chainsaw
okay
okay all right great we got we got to
the family all right all right
you can't pick up the chainsaw because
it was time for the game - the story
needed to have some time it's fine the
story needed to happen even though we
wanted to pick up the chainsaw and do
some fun stuff make sure my play - Evil
Dead game done them yeah yeah I mean the
show's back maybe someone
that'd be great that'd be great
got a few more episodes yeah how you
feel about I feel about uh alright
alright I just got done with the indie
Asylum episode mhm
pretty fun pretty fun stuff oh yeah I
see where they're going with it so you
know I only think I think I only have
two more left which is silent episode
where's Mia one that was dreamy the only
one
this reminds me of those like movies
that had like the 3d gimmick yeah
there's like points right cuz like that
was it that was that was the VR that's
all they know to do with VR camera says
rich have you heard about the new suda51
game let it die
it's basically punk-rock Dark Souls at
60 frames per second it's free to play
on ps4 and I haven't spent a ton I
haven't spent a dime 20 hours in lol get
good at RTS scrublord I haven't I have
not heard of this many I'll look into it
I know we teased another No More Heroes
game for the switch that's right insulin
King punk-rock Dark Souls punk-rock Dark
Souls and it's free soon I haven't heard
of this no no don't I don't know
anything that's fair you don't need to
know what that nice go
all right apparently I missed the tip
I'm going to go back and read him go
back and read it please
insulin King 2016 it says hey guys I
Jack Reed for our body saw you had great
success a red two for honor hour
yeah yeah yeah so you had great success
yeah as a physician I was on board until
the Select sex sleep / life extension
science yeah yeah you know what it's
it's it gets weird not science
very bad did you follow the diet /
exercise or more really I just I just
got it for the diet stuff the exercise
stuff seemed interesting but I'm not
that kind of workout guy I wanted to
find a routine that would work for me
and I have a different exercise working
routine that I'm working on now but no
just the diet stuff I like I thumbed
through all the other chapters like they
had this one chat like you know very
sensational chapters how to have a 15
hour orgasm stuff like that
I didn't you know just thumbed through
it didn't really read any of that stuff
it was fun but hopefully yeah you know
that you have a diet works great still
works great for me I modified it a
little bit for everyday usage so insulin
King went on to say later to miss my
last tip which I did question for Jack
about the weight loss plan which I think
we kind of just did curious about try
myself also turned a bunch my colleagues
on to you guys last month we watched
best of the worst weekly now hope you
enjoy it thank you thank you yeah know
that I mean obviously the diet has been
very successful to me the the the tough
part is when when also trying to build
muscle and working out figuring out how
to fit how to fit that into the diet but
uh and I've gotten lazy yeah
but I'm back on pretty hardcore now and
doing I feel like I'm doing I'm good see
like I'm doing good hey handgun am on I
don't have
I'm not doing analysis is there any
aspect of your life you miss before rlm
well speaking for me I've been I've been
messing around with a camera with Mike
since high school so it's it's you know
in a lot of ways it's always been a part
of my life there's not much of a before
right it's just we get money doing it
now jack any part of my life that I mean
yes your life changed dramatically no
not really no not really
yes now you know
do-do-do-do-do didn't see me I hope
there's not a mirror in this game we
probably look like creepy monster to him
at this point
oh yeah just you did just stab me in the
face yeah all right Bob
tape can't be removed by hand in
bullshit rain Z says I think I'm
pronouncing that right I'm not sure find
Z H REI n zi yeah that's my best shot at
saying that name it's good to see our LM
staff getting ready for the next
Resident Evil movie and maybe the
experience from this game can be added
to that movie one dear God
right happy a knife in that kitchen
somewhere I know I know this isn't
connected but the Resident Evil universe
they never had like a full-on zombie
apocalypse like the movies did they like
the whole world isn't zombies and
Resident Evil yes no maybe the movie in
the movies I mean in the games though
there it's not like the full world is
covered with zombies right and like in
the movies right okay
right you like in the first ones it's
like you're you're infiltrating a secret
base but I mean in any of the sequels
the zombie plague it never goes
worldwide right right usually it's you
know the Resident Evil 4 was like a
whole village right
seven of burg nine says hey guys just
wanted to say this game is garbo hope
you played kotor 4jc shut up already
hello i'll slobber me number i know i
know about that
I think we've I've talked about Star
Wars enough I think I've done that
enough yeah good job you cases you guys
ever humbled by how successful our LM
and prereq has become never asked is
this your full-time jobs no and if it is
what were you doing before Congrats on
your successes much love before this I
was working in a tollbooth you were you
know those where I get it told allowed
those jobs are heard on the side I
worked in the sewers I cleaned out the
sewers uh-huh so it's been a big step up
good well good yes this is this has
become the full-time thing and I still
like I still do video production work on
the side that's my main job is video
production for you know commercials and
such and I still do that this is
becoming more and more my full-time job
as I we do more of it and as our
audience grows so
which is nice because I like doing it
but uh like technically I have a
different full-time job and this is this
is a side job but every day every day it
becomes more and more the full job by
the way he sewed my hand back on my
dinner
I know I mean yeah you could say thank
you thanks for selling my hand back on
dude like he's gonna pop out here from
the hallway yep there he is and I slowly
back away and now what I need to do is
let him walk past me
you know our button prompts acceptable
in this case where certain things are
interactive but others aren't you know
you know what they have stopped the door
button problems thing mm-hmm so like I
can just open doors now by my by myself
because I know how you know that's
that's a tricky subject well you you
hate button you hey button prompts in
general on principle read um I yeah I I
hate them when they're part of like a
glorified cutscene right I do I I hate
them on principle life I feel like there
should be a better way what is super
college like in the order when you have
to hit X to stop the guy from or to
choke the guy in the water or whatever
it was that's just for idiots to so
they'd the full idiots into thinking
it's not actually a cutscene right that
I can't stand it that pretend gameplay
but like like in the Arkham games like
the triangle shows up when you can
counter yeah I'm more okay with that
yeah and here it's like it's fine it's
not great I would hope for a better way
to do it but it's like what was it like
in Dishonored what I what I found myself
doing is constantly like rubbing up
against everything to make sure that you
know to see if I could interact with it
mm-hmm and I find myself I'm doing the
same thing here was just like I just put
my head towards the thing here I
supposed to be more fair to say that I'm
more against like your QuickTime event
style button yeah props QuickTime events
are pretend gameplay I typically hate
them
death metal 6-1-6 says hello rich and
non rich rich I'm curious why you
thought the doom 2016 boss battles were
terrible lol it seemed ist no terrible
would be maybe a bit of hyperbole on my
part
and I don't know that I would I would
limit this to just doom it's like I
think in general I've found a lot of
first-person shooter boss fights to be
underwhelming though on Unruh playing
doom I'm gonna say I'm wrong about it I
actually kind of like the cyberdemon
fight the second time yeah yep so I will
take I will actually take that back
that's an official retraction official
previously recorded retraction
to to to to to to to to to to to to to
how does this game compared to a lien
isolation so far so far there's been
slightly less door opening
so you know I made it to the next save
great yeah like I kind of feel the same
way about about this like I was hoping
you know I they really stink I got the
gun and I was like okay so now the
game's gonna start where I can just like
go around and shoot zombies and maybe I
need to be careful you know but then I
got pulled away again am I wrong and in
saying that a lot of first-person
shooter boss fights are basically shoot
at the bullet sponge you're right and
you're wrong and like I will say even
even though I in hindsight I kind of
like it now even the boss battle with
the cyberdemon it feels a little bit
gamey compared to shooting everything
else like he's gonna do that pattern
where I jump over that thing and then he
does this pattern and you do the thing I
mean you know I still like it kinda but
yeah I know I'd say it was terrible that
that I'm making that an official
retraction though second time I played
through I really liked that fight well
how else do you do a boss fight I'm
saying a shooter though like everything
else in that game doesn't play out that
way where you're looking for the pattern
and you dodge this then he's gonna go
through that routine now he's doing the
wall goes up attack and I know I have to
do this right
you know I think I think that's fun
because like learning the pattern is
part of the gameplay mm-hmm
it's a no it's an older technique it's
so different from what you do when the
rest of the game don't look for the
baton in the enemy I'm with it the rest
that doom is residues you're wrong I'm
gonna punch him in the fucking face yeah
but you know what then you get a
breather yeah okay can you get a
breather with the boss fight yeah oh oh
here's the pattern I know how to do that
and then you go back to punch in the
fucking face oh so you know what then
I'm double okay with it because I I
think it's important to break up the
monotony present a solution rich just
just because I don't have a solution
doesn't mean I can't critique when did I
get this watch like a health watch I
don't know how you fix I don't know how
you fix health care in America in this
country that doesn't mean I can't say
it's kind of a terrible shape
Namah says i noticed in some Ireland
videos that you often refer to each
other using first and last names I
thought you'd be more on a first-name
basis sometimes feel as if it's an
inside joke is it thanks yes I think
using my full name how did my hand get
put back on wait also codex it looks
kind of like a heart monitor so he cut
up in my face I'm bleeding to death and
then I just spoke to you how was I able
to do that because I really fucked up my
mouth at this point yeah I think saying
rich Evans as a full man was kind of
just a running joke absolutely
just Alex sixty forces Star Trek
question of the day you're the captain
of the enterprise
who's your first officer security chief
pilot and engineer twist
you can't pick Star Trek characters
assemble your team from other fiction
this some you know you don't know you
just do this off the top of your head
you should really take your time well
and think about that you know we need
either you take your time you think
about it to make your dream team or we
need a specific universe to pull from
science officer mr. fantastic Reed
Richards all the way whoo there you go
security officer Captain America yeah
he's good with tactic yes or no Batman
Batman bet your security officer needs
to handle a battalion you need someone
with with you need someone who has
training in dealing with a group of
people Captain America was in the army
he had he had the the Howling Commandos
batman can take care of Batman in all
honesty with Captain America yeah you
just step down and say why aren't you
the captain here we go
here's the chair I I don't know if you
you want to give captain that kind of
responsibility captain's not a he's not
a big picture kind of guy
Captain America yeah I don't know about
that Jack I'd love him as a security I
know I don't know about that he'd be
perfect as a security officer because he
can handle like he can handle security
he can handle following orders but he's
not a really big picture kind of guy
Batman is not a good communicator bad
officer good yeah he would not work well
with the team he's graded planning
though he's graded planning from
multiple scenarios he could he would
have a plan in place for every security
breach you don't necessarily need him to
command the people like at that time but
you you you want Batman to be the one
putting your security policies in place
we need this kind of encryption on this
anyone who's tries to infiltrate these
systems I'm try and go into this back
door he's gonna spec Batman is gonna
spot all of that shit well before it
happens sure you know what Batman can be
back at base and that's what you want
your security specialists doing yes you
don't necessarily want to feel general
we need but you also need a field
general on away missions oh god I
engineer and a forge I don't know much
about the x-men but he's he does
everything involving technology right
I'm one of the missing persons they're
holding me prisoner this is a very easy
conversation do you need me to call an
ambulance for that obvious knife wound
on your face you appear to be missing
part of your cheek that gives me
probable cause and I will be entering
the house now do you want to see my name
in the obituaries do you want to be a
hero and save my life
duh
what a fucking pocket knife you know
what you know what even if he's not
gonna do something smart just say yes I
kidnapped all the people please come in
and arrest me and take me away from this
house
yes yeah give me the big old knife it
from his pocket what but uh like also so
dear sir who's inside the house with the
barbed wire and the boards on the window
I just don't think you're in any trouble
you know as he as a police officer would
do just give a knife to a random person
do you think that that cop has to
secretly be like one of them or
something or that literally makes no
sense sir right what a man kidnapped me
he cut off my arm and he reattached it
somehow they are eating crazy stuff in
there you know what that was kind of fun
oh shit
his name shit again nope can't get his
gun oh there it is anyway don't worry it
doing I have a jar of liquid
I'll heal myself still there
good don't just go watch Texas Chainsaw
Massacre oh yeah a good idea
fuck you
dollar store cashier wife says you
missed my last tip but that's okay have
some more money you incompetent frauds
lol jingle my giblets another thing I
need to hit him in the head I don't
think previously dollar store cash your
wife's head so much salt on the chat
right now keep up the great work guys
lol slobber my Gobber yeah we miss stuff
sometimes that happens
insulin King 2016 says hey Jack and rich
you had talked about seeing a movie that
was hilarious but you weren't able to
capture your reaction genuinely yes any
idea what you'll do with this movie was
it about AIDS there's a few like that
actually and we're thinking on it we're
thinking on it yeah that happened that
just happens sometimes we'll just watch
a movie you know yeah
I told you
fuck would be
we need a key well they rip you out of
the car I'm assuming you can it's
probably on that desk behind you that
table that bench Oh or he gets in the
tire I think he probably does but the
the smart person in me wants to say
shoot the tire because there might be a
game and that would be a solution huh
there you go oh it doesn't care to help
she bore and you can see if that helps
by the way the tires did were able to
get shot which maybe you need to do them
all
oh sure maybe maybe future future Jace's
rich thank you for recommending the
pirate history podcast I've enjoying it
for the last few weeks to you or Jack
have any other podcast that you would
recommend actually don't I'd like to
find more I hear the hardcore history
podcast is great yeah hardcore history
do they like the game I can tell just by
watching this isn't my thing but I'm not
playing it Jack do you like this game
not even a little bit
okay so what I need to do here well is
there a key on that bench why are you
even trying this as well I have to do
two to get it right why don't you shoot
the tires ahead of time what's like
what's that oh yeah I don't think this
does anything I think I just got a well
he's probably this probably gonna it's
probably gonna prevent you from starting
the car but let's see what happens I
have you I doubt we can just drive off
to freedom I'm gonna assume that's what
happens every time you get on the key
shoot tires shoot tires
oh no that did nothing
- shoot him movies probably wish I could
like jump out of the way or something
anonymous says I probably just needs to
get further away before I get in the car
and then maybe I can hit him with the
car
maybe Nana misis learn days ago my wife
is expecting our first child baby
congratulations you too could
congratulate Hannah on our firstborn
Anna the clip would improve her name
she's been working about 16 hours
thanks hack frauds Anna you did it
Hannah good on you baby
good big good on you baby for having
that baby thank God for faulty condoms
I'm a ripe
that didn't work well I have the key and
I have the gun okay so now I'm gonna try
to get him as far away as I can
so I'll get him to come over here right
want that for later
so it's just game over if you don't
start the car successfully yeah so
everything after he gets in the car is
just wasted fuckin time yes
or is there like an alternate thing that
can happen I wonder he's not dead
keep running over him
let's finish this you and I
oh yeah thank God Resident Evil returned
to its roots
this game is open-ended but they're
trying to see it linearly like I'm not
even playing I'm not trying to see
anything I'm just making snarky comments
because I I do not give a shit right
and what is the point of having a gun
what is the point of having the gun if
it doesn't do anything I like I know if
momentarily slows him down it's just to
give you is to give you like some sort
of sense of control
why see him he's gonna get up
son of shotgun shells shotgun shells
that will also do not do anything I want
that now shots to the head kill him he's
gonna get up that's these something
wonderful don't kill my son I said to me
in that like he shot himself in the head
he said they said now shot some now a
shot to the head killing I don't think
he's dead I'm convinced he's gonna get
up why would he say you're about to see
something wonderful right no he's
definitely gonna go and look he's up
already
boom his body's not there anymore oh no
there's sorry everyone I jumped the gun
on that jump the gun
dollar store cashier wife says sorry if
it's already been discussed but if you
guys seen Netflix's series of
unfortunate events thoughts JK about the
incompetent frauds thing Oh JK about the
incompetent frauds thing I appreciate
you it's fine you can call us encounter
frauds all you want it's really fine
it's when you start attacking Dead
Rising one that I get pissed Karen is
very she like she like the books she
thought they were adorable
started watching it yet we're almost
certainly going to Jack if you've seen I
have not I have not
we did we did start to watch the
Guillermo del Toro Netflix produced show
trollhunters it's like a DreamWorks your
kids might appreciate it I started
watching that I thought it was stupid
yeah and it I mean it's not bad it's
it's not great that's gonna be a fun
animated thing nope nope yeah yeah you
know it's for kids in the in the realm
of kids shows it's not the worst yeah
you know wouldn't call it great but so
anonymous I just don't want to read that
I just don't want to you don't have to
water ARCA it's not the worst thing but
I'm not going there yeah what our gun if
you don't give a shit about a game
why bother playing the game to begin
with because to me you are just playing
half-heartedly while commenting that the
game is poor without a proper
explanation
ok so rich yep
like I've never been a fan of the series
no I'm just here to talk to the chat yep
no and you're doing a great job of
talking to chat let me let me tell you
let me tell you a little story about
rich Evans yeah and about how rich Evans
really doesn't like anime stuff right
there vinick's have done plenty of
except this is a general yeah there's
been stuff that i haven't liked but you
know each other i think like for example
you played a little bit of that valkyrie
chronicles and i'm liking it so far i
have been won over by games before there
are games that I've gone and thinking
like Firewatch I went into Firewatch
thinking that it was gonna be garbage
horseshit and I had a pretty good time I
know you still thought it was garbage
worship but I have been won over by
games before when I saw the new doom
like all that dead that glory kills
system that's gonna be horrible it's
gonna slow down the game I'm just I'm
you know I'm not gonna like it I'm not
gonna like it I played it I gave it a
chance I loved it and I gush about it
for this day yeah yeah yeah
but we don't get things chance we have
been won over before the problem is you
need to win us over you
need to make a good game and so far this
hasn't done it this can't be Dulles fuck
we're wrong for not liking experienced
games Jack that's the thing and we are
wrong for that we are wrong for it I get
it like it's like yeah and I get it that
we're early in the game but all these
puzzles are like I said I liked the game
that I liked was was Resident Evil 4
because it was more shooty you know
mm-hmm and I liked the shooty stuff like
this is this is more survival horror so
apparently we're not gonna be shooting
much stuff which
okay so I need to find a thing oh wait
can I put where's my bolt cutter oh you
probably took my boat goes yeah I need
to find a shotgun shaped thing rich a
shotgun shaped thing that's kind of
shotgun shaped if I want that jug the
statue is not holding a real shotgun it
is holding a real shotgun but when I
lift it up then the statue the weight is
lifted up and it closes this door so I
can't get out oh okay so you need
something to put it I need something to
put in its place some sort of shotgun
ass thing these are the puzzles not bad
I just want to kill I like I like
killing stuff in games I want you know
if you give me a gun let me kill
something and as far as without a proper
explanation you know you know you're the
half-heartedly accommodating about how
poor it is without a proper explanation
I don't know that's true we've been kind
of going into it oh no like I said I'm
not even really I'm not playing the game
I'm just being snarky sure so here's
something right now I want to shoot that
grandma yeah I know she's a zombie not
letting me really like it when I get
close I can't aim hold on oh here we go
okay nope
no look yep so I'm I'm holding down the
aim button and I'm putting it over
granny and oh oh still holding down the
aim button though and it's that it's
that kind of stuff that takes you right
out of the game it's not letting me make
a choice here maybe if I shot the granny
be game over oh okay I can't shoot the
granny but bullshit so there there's a
how about a specific example reason I
don't like a game good dickhead
because now I'm going to come over here
and talk to granny and it's gonna be a
jump-scare know hey granny I got are you
awake get right out of town
granny jump-scare nonnamous says is it
weird having fans yes I I told I told
the stream yesterday yesterday last
stream of the the fan who was so excited
to see me he fake punched me in the face
like oh you rich heavens yeah but he was
so excited he did it a little bit too
hard it was kind of a real punch so I've
actually had a fan punch me in the face
because they liked me yeah yeah yes it's
weird having fans it's like I'm just me
why are you excited to meet me that's so
weird

[Part II]
I uh mochi b85 says rich and Jack ooh
have you guys or anybody else done a
highlights video of your Jesus Christ
shut up streams I might give it a crack
can I get audio of rich yelling the
title for the edit pretty please how
should how should one do that for this
game you're saying Jesus Christ shut up
already then again there's gonna be
Resident Evil Audio over it
oh yeah that's quite Jesus Christ shut
up already
Resident Evil 7 vampire the masquerade
don't know watching Dawn of War two the
seventh guest
nope move away from the mic to shout
please those bloodlines you hacks what
oh the master fit I'm sorry vampire the
masquerade bloodlines you hack now
obviously vampire the masquerade
bloodlines
what archon says I did not say you are
doing it wrong but with the games you
got one over did you do it over a stream
because so far you guys are conversing
and not really focusing on the game at
all because this is a gaming stream and
this is a horrible place to legitimately
experience a game for the first time if
we're gonna review a game we're gonna
have to play it on our own because this
requires talking because that's their
thing is talking it's not we don't just
do game played get that anywhere else I
think that's what you come here for it
would be idiotic to think you can
properly experience a game on stream
that's not really what we're trying to
do this is well this is the new game
that came out people want to see it
level just play this while we talk but
our thing is while we talk oh sure no
and you know what iíve been yes I have
been won over by games we have played on
stream before now you're gonna ask me
for a specific example man you know
that's harder to come by I think we play
to enter the gungeon did you go in
expecting not to be won over that look
promising for the star I would say oh
sure so a game we played on stream and
1y over 1 min think I was gonna like it
won me over
cuz this is a terrible environment to
experience a game yeah duh
that's like no shit
my wife either
did I say wifey I put in a VHS Oh VHS
but then I'm playing as the wife in the
VHS okay and you got a game over yeah in
the VHS in the VHS and my plan is the
stream Valkyria Chronicles next room
which because I've specifically said I
think a stream is a terrible place to
experience a game for the first time I
went out of my way to start playing that
like last night because I thought we're
gonna stream it tonight I was playing it
last night a bit like I'll you know what
I'll play it a bit first just so I get
the feeling before swimming I'm sure
there's been an example of a game that I
didn't think I would like we streamed it
and then I ended up like you guys were
won over by undertale despite it being
technically a JRPG right Jack wasn't I
was I was okay look I've said I've said
time and time again about the JRPGs I
don't like this your classical JRPG
combat your old-school uh-huh
an undertale really wasn't that and I
know the modern JRPGs are like that like
I said I started playing Valkyria
Chronicles I'm liking it so far
we played dragon dog Dragon's Dogma
that's JRPG I liked Dragon's Dogma quite
a bit yeah Final Fantasy I like look at
the characters and the settings and I
have no interest it looks just stupid
and so I've never even really thought
about trying them out you gotta really
sell me on why I would want to play a
Final Fantasy game other than they're
popular and everyone likes them
but if you want to talk about something
like earthbound where it's got that
old-school JRPG comeback I'm not into
that at all
yeah undertale is alright it's it didn't
float my boat like visually final
fantasy looks like the kind of animal
should I don't like
this Dragon's Dogma a JRPG those made in
Japan technically a JRPG it's it's more
filled Western okay
made in Japan but it's a Western RPG
that's a ferret you know what that's
fair that's fair but like I said
Valkyria Chronicles am i good so far I'm
not in love but I could deal with it
madam says what is the crunchiest
situation you have witnessed or been a
part of well that would be the time a
fan accidentally kind of punched me in
the face
no no tom says the actually Jack you
have answer to that first cringy is ring
Jim Joe yeah okay no no I feel bad
because you might actually be watching
the guy who punched me in the face sure
he was you know just excited nice person
nice person don't hold it against them
was very apologetic
oh yeah no no tom says rich and Jack how
many years until the last Resident Evil
turd flops into theatres do you think
cap Campbell announced a new Resident
Evil movie line I'm thinking three
months with 2019 release I know I have
no idea how popular are the Resident
Evil films
they make decent money yeah I mean
they're not super popular but they're
also not super costly so I I think as
far as the studios are concerned they're
kind of a wash like oh yeah you can make
those movies they make us money whatever
you know
so they're probably they probably won't
be going out of their way to to make
more
synagogue says sorry if it's been
discussed before but any opinion an open
world survival / building games such as
Ark rust seven days to live
etc I haven't played money I I played a
little bit of I'm forgetting what they
called it there was uh a zombie one
where you can build stuff it was very
survival based I'm trying to remember
the name of it it was early access
though so I wasn't nearer where I felt
like I can give it like a honest
critique we tried to stream it once and
it wasn't working one of the devs ended
up being in the chat felt bad about it
crews an architect no no zombie game
zombie game specifically Project Zomboid
pros example yeah which looked like it
had a lot of promise
sonic mousetrap says do you think
watching so many movies has caused you
to pick up on problems in them a normal
viewer woman I don't know that it comes
from watching so many movies just comes
from having a critical eye I don't know
yeah I think we had the eye first yeah
and and that let that led to watching so
many movies but I you know what we
probably developed a critical eye from
watching so many movies in the first
place how hard to say
siculus it's hard to look from the
inside out you know right future future
Jay says to Rich's point on FPS boss
fights and Jack on not being able to
kill characters unless the game lets you
the first let you the first deus ex had
bosses that you can fight kill with code
words or run slash sneak past so
somebody's trying to sell us on Deus Ex
I didn't hate their sex I'm fine with
that
that's neat they patch that in though I
thought the Deus Ex reboot I thought at
first you had to kill the bosses and
then they patched in alternate routes
later so it looks like a spider from
some angles yeah and there's a little
spider oh I see so I'm trying to mash it
up I think get me closer
okay I'd love to go back and close that
door now what are the mechanisms for how
my watch I mean
oh yeah like how does the door since
light that's a nitpick but I'm assuming
there's some kind of genetically
engineering explanation for the monsters
but that doesn't explain the door
mechanics plane the door mechanics
okay the monsters are a virus or Super
Soldier Serum or whatever interesting
idea at that game again mechanic felt
like it's in the game simply for VR so
you could like yeah do it yeah yeah you
know it's it's fun it's a puzzle I'll
take a puzzle okay so now I know that
she's coming so we'll do this XX
Devastator says I asked you last room to
play more horrible games and you listen
nice to know I'm hitting my money's
worth
what other horrible games would you
consider streaming just to rag on you
know it's like this I don't even find
this that bad I just find it incredibly
boring like soma yeah without the
interesting story well it's like every
once in a while like there you know oh I
had a little puzzle to solve and that
was fine but you know like I just I want
to play I want to play I want to play
stuff when I play a game
thank you part of something
she's gonna be in the darkness yeah I
see eyes I think nope no that's just
some kind of graphical artifact
as joe flacco will lead says this
semester I'm taking a class called
history and video games I can't describe
it in detail here but I could be curious
to hear what you guys think of the class
can I send you all the syllabus yeah
sure go ahead
it might not comment on it though I got
you know what are you gonna they get
pong in the seventies and what I'm from
there she was holding the camera that
whole time this is just depressing what
sure it's fine like that - that to me
yeah like some of the logic of that I
get what they're trying to do we're like
okay you know we want you to play as
this character now but we know we don't
want to take you out of you and so like
this was I could see this I could see
this pitch happening okay no no they
have to find these tapes and then you
know we go to the tapes but then you
control the character in the tapes it's
just kind of silly when when you cut
back and forth them she's kind of silly
it's fine now everything's fine it's
just boring to me I want to do shit you
know I want to doom if I have a gun I
want my gun to work on people you know
ference ad says revisiting the alien
covenant trailer with Neill Blomkamp's
alien five have been more interesting
before it was officially cancelled uh-oh
I don't know enough about us pitch I
know he wanted to bring back Hicks and
squirty Weaver and kind of pretend alien
3 didn't happen you know what I think
I'm fine just with aliens
but I don't know enough about what he
wanted to do say if I thought it was
really interesting all I know is he
wanted to read con 3 out of existence
that's all I really know and I think
we've discussed neo Blomkamp before
where it's like he is not a hundred
percent as a filmmaker future future J
says oh sorry finish your thought I'm
you know where district 9 was really
awesome really amazing and then Elysium
was kind of man a little pretentious and
preachy and then chappie was very good I
know I need to I haven't seen any of his
films yet district 9 is really great
keep hearing that I haven't gotten
around to it you know and oh speaking of
before I forget a rival yeah because of
all of its Oscar nominations is coming
back to theaters so probably take some
time and see arrival because it's the
best movie from going to the theater we
gotta get care interested that's what
you it she'll like it Amy Adams
she likes science and shit was the Amy
Adams had to do with carrot like again
it's a woman woman likes to say woman
sexist yep but also does I don't think
Aaron knows who Amy Adams is a woman but
also it's it's really good and Karen's a
science a year person the science a
science one of them science type people
all right feature Peter J says we're
thinking of different first deus exes I
mean the first from 2001 it even let you
go so far as to kill bosses before
spoiler alert they're revealed as bosses
oh that's neat I got nothing against
that low dark on sense so it's safe to
assume rich wasn't trying and Dawn of
War two because that was the worst
representation of that game I ever and I
put a lot of time in that game I did
okay playing that game on stream for one
and I played it a little bit after the
stream at a better environment and I
still don't like it I don't like
real-time strategy games I don't like
the real-time clusterfuck and that's
just me
but it's not something I like it's it's
hectic and frustrating in a way I just
can't stand it even though it's a lot
simpler than other realtime strategy
games we're also going to the other end
of the map constantly and doing base
management type shit I still don't like
it it's not the worst thing I've ever
played mm-hmm not for me that's fair and
a lot of what pissed me off about Donna
war too is that I don't know it was you
specifically one of the people who was
trying to sell me on the game kept
saying I'd like it because of Helldivers
and it's like Helldivers oh it's not a
real-time strategy game it's like
Helldivers and that was a blatant
fucking lie because they assumed when I
tried it I would find my love my hidden
love of arts yes this would be revealed
and it was that was I'm angry I'm angry
of being basically why dad about that
I'm not saying that was you
thank you I didn't even Pam dawn of work
to during that stream it's a bit old for
a real-time strategy game I said that
bad
I didn't even shit on it yeah you just
were necessary I just wasn't that into
it
no fuck's sake my response was this
isn't for me
that's a worse representation of the
game how dare you say it's not for you
yeah no this is what I thought this is
the gig is that kind of thing I don't
like about real-time strategy games you
know doesn't play out like a normal but
I don't like this get them going over
here and going over there and I'm
worrying about I'm actually there's five
things I'm worrying about at once and I
don't like it that's a fair that's a
fair criticism
Donna for two is great turns head says
suggest me or as John Carpenter looking
more like the old age version of David
lo pan so clip some carpenter at thirty
five in the man blood fifty yeah he's
he's I remember he did a series on
Showtime while back body bags I was the
first time I saw John Carpenter I was
like oh my god I had no idea he was so
old and that show was something like 25
years ago right okay I got some dog
heads that shotgun situation we need to
figure out
you know none of us is rich you weren't
lied to you were given an alternative
fact ah I get it
no God I get it because that's what
Liars call things I get it wait
they're rich the shadow matches
perfectly it's just my gun okay you'll
see that joke later learner our Khan
says it wasn't me because based on your
gameplay of home world you probably
don't like RTS in general also rich you
weren't panning it but you were mocking
it even though you were in the tutorial
we're comedians we try to make funny our
occupation is comedian we have to we
have to make jokes try to make with the
jokey joke we make jokes about things we
like juice that's my job how dare you I
really want to shoot you
we make how many videos I'm starting to
think motor are kind thought that the
nerd crew was for real
hahaha you know someone came across that
and really did think it was real right
you know at least one person did
at least one person thought it was real
oh rich Evans thinks he's funny I
thought we were laughing at you
I got a heckler here everybody's funny
everybody just being funny it's great
dupa dupa dupa do oh I do have a knife
forgot that that cop gave you a knife
I've been using bullets like a sucker
all right um sorry Chen says no sorry
you guys are having a miserable time
though I think it's fine I already
figured it's going to annoy you
here's a present Internet crapping out
so I think I'll just leave before I
choke a bitch good night I'm like I
don't even now that I'm actually doing
shit in the game
ooh antique coin it's it's all fine I'm
just bored right it's it's this is you
know what this is very akin to at this
exact moment those um those
point-and-click adventure games where
it's like okay you know here's this you
know here's the thing and it has a
star-shaped piece missing from it so
then you go to the here's a star page
shape thing I'll go back to this area
now and you know so it's it's just
simple yeah I'm I'm not giving an honest
critique of the game was I'm not playing
like I said I'm just here to be snarky
because your job do comedy we do comedy
here very heard that it's not seem that
way it means I'm I'm apparently I'm
terrible up a fucking job this is awful
we've been meaning to have a talk with
you rich I step up to step it up
what am I missing here
need a keys keys would be helpful can
you get here okay after you dupa dupa do
what are you do do the off switch says
you are a great comedian rich that part
were you expected rabid 40k fanboys to
recognize a moderate assessment was the
best so many levels of irony come master
fix fuck hey that's some lead speak
there and I don't know how you pronounce
that as human being
k you okay mas T the letter and then the
number three are capital F either an
iron l3x Wow
I thought the nerd crew was real and I
watch the outtakes oh my god outtakes oh
maybe for patreon for patreon patrons I
don't want to chase loan or are canta
way I'm just saying I stream is a bad
place to experience game but I
acknowledge that this is a terrible
environment to experience the game yes
time I know I know it's good that you
know I didn't any any kind of harping on
Dawn of War 2 was some some part comedy
stream and some part you know I'm not an
RTS guy right I'm not an RTS guy and for
the record I actually did play it off
stream that night of the night after I'm
probably not gonna play it much more
because my thing that's not my thing
Ritchie you don't have to be ashamed of
that
apparently I do mrs. something here so
doop doop doop doop do doop de doop doop
de doop doop doop doop do doop drop top
it up clap wicked scotty 69 you're gonna
have to try harder than that to troll me
you've been trying to bait me with dead
rising since I finished my rant and I'm
not I'm not taking the bait you're
you're way too dumb and blatant about it
take that take that bathtub everyone
says bathtub you missed at least one
thing in the bathroom bathtub bathtub
okay
bathtub bathtub bathtub okay I'll go
back to the bathtub
back to the bathtub oh shit madam says
hey Jack and Rich was the nerd crews
supposed to be more of a parody or
criticism on certain movie youtubers I
enjoy what you guys are doing III saw
that as being more of just a general
parody of nerd culture as a thing of
podcast in general I don't know that it
was very specific yeah it was not you
know I've seen a lot of people be like
oh this is clearly going after this
youtuber or this is clearly going after
this other youtubers I think somebody
made a mash up of our road 1 review with
the Collider review yeah I saw that I
saw that and that might have been like
an inspiration but I wouldn't say we
were taking a shot at Collider ride home
and I don't even know if that was the
inspiration
Mike Mike came up with the idea to do
that I don't know what he was inspired
by his look like a generic podcast to me
I presumed it was the mashup
you know a lot of a lot of people
advertise the loot crane fucking
everybody advertises the lootcrate
fucking everybody it's either loot crate
or audible solely it wasn't dead
mr. smiter one says do you think some of
the usability issues in Dead Rising
contribute to its charm as a game if so
do you think difficulty and usability
can make a game better
I love Dead Rising but it's not perfect
I don't know what the fuck you're
talking about with usability issues
you're gonna have to like define that
the only real issue I've had with Dead
Rising it's yeah sometimes a survivor
gets stuck on something it does happen
yeah I'm not a big fan of it other than
that I don't I don't think the
difficulty in the escort missions is a
usability issue it's designed to be a
challenge if you're going to for some
reason try to save everyone the game
isn't designed so that you can just
willy-nilly do everything in one
playthrough right away
you're supposed to be making the choices
well I've got four survivors behind me
do I try and rescue three more io that's
a hard hard to escort a larger group and
you have to make that hard choice
that's what you're supposed to be doing
mm-hmm
III can't even I don't even understand
what would you you would mean by other
usability issues
can you get the shotgun no no people are
talking about shotguns
I need keys can you grab the shot cuz
you grab the shotgun and the door closes
yeah so any kind of way you could try
and trap him in the room or when he's
chasing you grab the shotgun I'm gonna
break down the door is that a
possibility no I tried to grab it when
he was there and can you grab it before
he's actually in the room no other than
the door closed okay maybe he'll smash
it open and then you can get in and out
of the room with the shotgun well this
is what I need to do right here okay
this is what I need to do I just needed
to run away from him and get him stuck
in a different room first all I need to
pour liquids on my hand
the blue blaze says speaking of art
Tessa's have you played any of the
Pikmin games Nintendo's version of an
RTS do you play Nintendo games that much
at all
also Jack do not stop that serial killer
voice that's right
that's my Buffalo Bill voice Ivan I have
never played Pikmin I played a little
Pikmin that's cute Nintendo for the most
part repeats the same games ad nauseam
and I don't know I wasn't so big on the
last one but you know check it out when
they get into Zelda Mario games are
usually quality new super Mario's fun
Mario makers need I haven't got that
much use out of it yeah you know what
after after a little bit I kind of fell
out but like every once in a while it's
still pick it up and do like the 10
Mario the the 10 Mario towns and just do
random people's levels that was fun what
I enjoy with Mario makers I enjoy
watching people stream it yeah yeah it's
fun except they'd call them the kaizo
levels the super difficult ones those
are fun to watch it was great he tried
it would him wouldn't let him trigger
the shotgun door thing during the chase
okay okay yeah okay
dead box full of maggots dump the
maggots out yeah if your honor RTS I
kind of enjoyed okay actually um I do
I'm trying to blink on the name
everyone's gonna hate it because it's
made by double fine mother the heavy
metal one the brutal legend true
delusion yeah you talked about it you
showed me the better oh that that was
fun you only get like a handful of units
like max and that makes it easier to
manage oh okay
and it's neat that you're a character
that you can control on it
let's see you can handle a lot of
problems on your own so that's the
bathtub master he just came out of the
wall I thought he came out of the
bathtub okay now you just came out of
the wall yeah brutal legend is a
half-assed one that's probably why I
like it though as an RTS this there's
probably a reason for that and it's not
my favorite thing ever it was just one
that you could think of yeah I'm like
yeah something you know what and
sometimes that'll get you into a genre
and sometimes that Oh that'll be the
only one the light version of that genre
langa sconces you've streamed for years
now complaining about fans suggesting
games will never ever be fixed
this is streaming 101 the amount of
complaining is at this point ruining
streams play what you want a be fine
it'll be fine you know what it could
absent flows everybody absent flows
some days we're okay with it some days
it's us harder than other days so it
just it'll be fine
her NZ I still don't know how from
constant out of the name writer web
usually in a horror game there was
something there to limit your movements
or slow you down in some ways also you
guys are good Kahneman's you make people
angry and they give you my form but I'm
fine for time from dear Courtney those
bastards are looking for me Tim Curry
was so good in brute elections just for
pride the magician Tim Curry has been
good everything he's ever been like Tim
I was gonna I was gonna say damn near
everything he's been in and then I
amended it no he's been good in
everything
like Tim Curry for a while was on a PBS
cartoon where he played a villain he was
good in that you know I'm Batman the
Animated Series he was originally going
to be the Joker you know this but for
anyone who doesn't know originally Tim
Curry was hired to be the Joker in the
animated series Mark Hamill didn't get
the job until they realized that Tim
carries Joker was too fucking scary
which is absolutely true yep I would
love to hear what that was like
oh very I'm glad they went with Mark
Hamill go see his deed he is the Joker
absolutely I think I've missed the Joker
before I think of him as Luke Skywalker
and all honesty you know probably now
but I would love to hear what would Tim
carry dead before they recast and we did
some of those episodes I agree
like like it wasn't just an audition
tape like they actually recorded his
voice for episodes so it might be
somewhere in the archives like I think
when Mark Hamill came in to do it he had
to match like animation they had already
done Oh some it you know what he might
have been I wonder if you had any
influence over Mark Hamill's performance
I don't know I don't know these things
gonna be a goo monster but I'm okay with
good areas like actually okay with a few
monsters because I can actually
and for some liquid on my hand and all
better
that's my favorite part of the game so
far
Casey better live says this game is the
worst advertisement for the Glock I've
ever seen by the way saw the new
underworld it was a great episode of
that story best since the second one
okay worst advertisement for the Galaga
PES that is a fun comment right you'd
think it'd do a little more damage but
I'll take it
analysis had have either of you seen
Neil Breen's fateful findings it's not
the other day on Amazon and to quote
Jean Jax Russell within an instant of
seeing it I saw an other University
became another man they were waiting to
film it I don't know we should we should
have fucking done something with it when
I'll goddamn it I I have told Jay and
Mike numerous times that we have to do
another neo brain one it's time it's
time it's time and I know they're still
they're still trying to work out
something this one has a handprint on it
so we should probably open this one
but there's no combat it's a shitty
experience game there's too much combat
today
did I say there's too much combat did
you I just said that I liked this part
of the game because there finally was
combat okay so maybe they misheard me I
don't know maybe maybe I just said I I
was singing my little song about the
goopy monsters and I said but I like the
goopy monsters cuz I can shoot them and
kill them I'm like I'm like PAH yeah you
know who like keeps coming back and I
have no effect over him and I have to do
this special story thing to kill paw
like I can actually that feel this feels
like a game finally with all the goopy
monsters damn sad says well it depends
on the box-office if the negative
feedback for Justice League and Wonder
Woman is correct as it was before
yeah well DC fans well DC films be
salvaged at all they fucked it all up
except Batman I know they won't what
have you saved yep nope you fuck up
Superman and Wonder Woman
we got Aquaman you're gonna lean in that
Aquaman crutch
they're already fucked if you can't do
Superman right your fart yeah with a DC
Universe oh yeah that's like super had a
Batman I think the key ingredients but
it's a shame I like the Ben Affleck
Batman
oh and I know he's having issues he's
you know he's in he's out he's having
committal issues but yeah if you can't
get if you can't get your core
characters right
gargarensis rich don't peep a bit that
you complaining about people complaining
is just your act and that you don't
actually give a shit they don't they
don't
is it hard to differentiate between my
actually getting angry which kind of
didn't happen earlier would be first
dead rising sparked yeah spurt and when
I'm just fucking around and being snarky
yeah yeah it is easy you're very you're
no it's not easy that's nice like when
you're being snarky yeah sometimes lucky
I got a little tone to it yeah because
you have a good snark okay but uh yeah I
could see someone someone not knowing
the difference between your snark and
and other
skip the gun kill that thing with some
Scrubbing Bubbles right got feckin goop
monsters up in here alright like to see
a well done John Stewart Green Lantern
and Martian Manhunter I never got
Martian Manhunter you know I'm kind of
Superman II he's you know what what he
is he's vision he's kind of the outsider
who doesn't understand the things yeah
what an interesting world do you want
either of them have been my favorite
character scenario you know it's just me
you humans and your primitive ways every
time every time that gets me did you
find the hand thing annoying and
distracting that your hand just back on
it's fine it's weird that like my
character hasn't flipped out about that
yeah
and it's weird that the story hasn't
mentioned that at all right it was it
was done for a shocking moment have your
hand cut off earlier
yeah well shock him well be shocking you
hand cut off early
it totally was it was totally shocking
but you would think that someone would
mention it because unless we're infected
with whatever we have to be right
infected with the monster no I think
that's what they're trying to do at
first they're trying to get me to eat
that thing and that would have infected
me
I thin how was your hand working Rose
how is that not completely distracting
if you're not
already infected or something I agree
like I really thought that they would
have said something I would presume we
are and we have Monster Mash knows that
we have the Monster Mash yeah you missed
the part where they stapled the hand
back to your arm it was quick though
stapling your hand back to your arm
shouldn't leave you with a working hand
it should leave you with a necrotic lump
that's just stitched onto your stump
I like how they're pretending they're
paying attention to the game I've said
time again I'm not playing I'm just
starting I don't give no fucks listen if
you said it you said yourself it was
quick a lot of bullets I gotta run I got
a tough decision to make now I got a
bullet sore health decision and my
complaint isn't I didn't see them put
your hand back on my complaint is that
hand should not work right does it
bother you that the hand is oh yeah
unless this is a Looney Tunes game and
you're playing as as like Tom and Jerry
yeah that doesn't work at Tom and Jerry
Tom & Jerry weren't Looney Tunes dumbass
how the jury were ng up you're assuming
that the protagonist is a normal human
that's why I'm saying well you've got to
be infected with the whatever we just
said then are you guys not paying
attention to max relaxed Saul fine it's
all fine because you know we're seeing
all sorts of things over here will you
be expecting a review of Resident Evil 7
no numbers I mean honestly I should have
blood to death that chainsaw hand should
not work but I don't care because those
movies are like deliberately silly right
and playful
those movies basically are Looney Tunes
they actually they took a lot of
inspiration from your cartoons from from
stuff like Three Stooges and pretty good
show good about that not too many
bullets with the knife there's like yet
I like dodge dodge slash are we still in
the same house it's a very large house
there might be a different part of the
compound saipa Baphomet says have you
guys heard of the colorful fantasy
prison drama Vicki oh the story of Ricky
and celeriac incompetent and viciously
gory as early peter jackson i haven't I
think I've heard Ricky Oh before but I
think I just like literally just heard
the name yeah I think we have I would
say I know nothing about it I'm gonna
I'm gonna say we definitely have a copy
here but I don't think we know anything
about it and they're saying don't forget
the block yeah that's fucked
dajin moved on to move on I'm gonna I'm
gonna get better at this stick and we've
de can we
the other way before we read the note on
the wall again there's a note of all
there's a note on the wall you at 6:03
idiot hey rich and jake do you think the
problem at games today is because the
way people learn to play them is so
different depending upon your age also
rich your old man snark is always funny
yeah it could be then kids ruin
everything
you know I'd open that door don't you
just remember three A's and a handprint
I'd say if I have a problem with modern
games that stories have taken precedence
over gameplay oh it's fine it's fine
we got a staple gun oh wait my life
probably was that scripted well rub some
water
okay well that's something trying to do
stories with without the understanding
that you're gonna have pacing issues
without having a properly edited the
story agreed you need to be very careful
about how you dole them out
enemy encounters don't seem to be
intense or scary just really annoying
yeah I mean that you know again remember
VR so like they're going for a immersive
bullshit thing but they're their de
taste for story and games are ridiculous
they're what they're to taste for story
and games are ridiculous threw a
buttered utterly better the fucking
movies jackass all right now can I get
away from him in time I don't mind story
what it doesn't come at the expense of
gameplay
yeah that was a fun fight
whoo the dissection room key nice nice
I only have three bullets left now so
anymore I don't seem to be doing much
good anyway can't you just keep knifing
them um knifing takes a you know I
probably can it just takes a lot it
takes it out more so like my really my
plan should be to get like one headshot
from a distance then going a knife
let's pry some shit in here first aid
going map and got ammo you Inc a good
story can only make a good game better
but you need a good game there in the
first place are you just wasting my
fucking time
oh great uh you know yeah yeah yeah oh
hey some of those keys from the house
now we can go back and open the door
Oh
lockpick hello hello
I'm coming this way yeah yeah the reason
etham can reattach his legs because he's
infected with the same disease the rest
of the antagonists are yeah I figured
that sure yeah whatever like Mass Effect
one which has terrible gameplay but good
story Mass Effect one has terrible
shooting gameplay but I think they'd
turned story indie gameplay with the
whole dialogue wheel and choices thing
now in the end we know how that all
eventually played out but at the time
you were constantly involved with what
you say to people what you do next
making decisions on how things turn out
and it actually made the terrible
gameplay better well it enhanced enhance
the other
one shot so a video somewhere where
somebody was talking about how the core
mechanic of Mass Effect wasn't wasn't
the shooting but was in fact the
dialogue wheel Wow yeah that's it's not
it's known for that definitely there's a
whole other area here but I keep dying
over there I don't want to do this all
over again I got so much shit so much
shit now but another room back here
squishy squishy sushi oh that's right it
was that like all right fucking I just
got to get better at fighting these
things one shot to the head in with a
knife
remember to block mass effect did a
great job of making me feel like you
were in that world and influencing more
most importantly influencing that world
it wasn't playing out the movie we wrote
and then by the time you get to to the
actual gunplay is actually half decent
fuck that's why I keep dying in here the
ostrich says this game look freeze look
pretty scripted story and games is most
immersive when your actions feel like
they have an impact on the story and
that one you have to watch poorly edited
cutscenes and a silly hat
I like the illusion of influencing the
world
that's where Mass Effect 3 comes in
that fucking suck that wasted all my
shit silly hat I think that was Jeb of
dead rising that was a jab at Villar
police I presume I didn't write that
comment
Oh with an arrow
this game is good you know what
franchises shit XCOM I agree completely
that was a joke so can't be too hard on
them
one of my thoughts on the portal
franchise I love portals portals great
fun portals a game that actually makes
you care about the characters and the
character really is a the villain right
you guys hype for the Nintendo switch
Mario looks buttons that looks fun but
probably the only two games I end up
playing on it might not matter anyway
might be worth it anyway probably
probably should have saved I need I need
to be able to type in like exclamation
points which I need one of those I own
doesn't look fun I'll probably the only
two games I enjoy in the system might be
worth it anyway I'm a little hyper but
you know me I like mobile gaming so you
know hopefully I'm hoping that it brings
some games I want to play mobile II but
OH
overall my hype level is fairly minimal
you know like I'd say healthy I have a
healthy amount of hype but yeah I'm not
going crazy
I don't crazy about it did I check the
DLC for the Mass Effect 3 ending was
that ever a thing I checked it out it
didn't fix anything I thought it was a
problem it just added to the things I
didn't like and that game had problems
above and beyond the ending ask me about
something else for crying out loud
and you're looking forward to God of War
god of oh god remember the God of War
trailer it looks like they're turning it
into this yeah it's what it looks like
they're turning it heavily scripted go
through the movie and hit the buttons
when you're supposed to hit the buttons
an uncharted of four is what they're
turning it into yeah no I'm not looking
forward to that to be fair I don't
really care much for QuickTime events so
I've never been a huge fan of the series
anyway in a world where the ninja gaiden
games existed a God of War just seemed
pointless to me you know that's that's
my brawler of choice a lot of a lot of
the brawler ring was pretty fun but yeah
all of the boss battles being QuickTime
events was pretty lame alright now that
I've beaten the big bad boss I'm gonna
go back up here and I'm gonna save I'll
take ninja gaiden 1 & 2 over the God of
War series
now I'm smart
can someone explain why uncharted is bad
but yours is good to prereq yeah because
gears doesn't waste your time with a lot
of pretending and some movie nonsense he
gets right to the fucking point which is
a kind of standard but at least it
invented the standards shooter yeah and
you don't waste your time for hours
slowly walking to the factory while
talking with your sidekick and you're
gonna wander around caves for five hours
pretending you're at a movie I'm in this
your gun battle and then you're back to
doing jack shit that's why yours is
better than Uncharted Gear's knows what
the fuck it is and it doesn't well yeah
and it doesn't dick you around and
doesn't end to be a movie
yeah what he said
to be fair most of my experience with
that in charter is form you know the
first one the first one's not that bad
not that much better yeah I think they
had like more climbing stuff but not
enough from my book okay great
so now I got some stuff I'm gonna go
back up and save it Gears of War does
not know what it is it thinks it's
serious business and so not in an its
own joke you're talking about story ship
and I say Gears knows what it is it
knows it's a shooter it's a shooter that
doesn't try to pretend it's a motion
picture ninety-nine percent of the time
in Gears of War you are shooting at
things yeah ninety percent of the time
an uncharted you're walking around
talking to somebody or this is a there's
a fake platforming section where you
can't really fall off a ledge oh when we
were trying to fall off ledges yeah yeah
bullshit bullshit fake gameplay
gears just like you can chain saw some
things has a gun hey here's some things
to shoot and chainsaw have fun the blue
blazes last him when it comes to moral
choice games what side do you normally
go for I've always gone good and
couldn't bring myself to go evil on
replay what's your favorite games and
moral choices as a general rule I go
good but I think when I played Mass
Effect ight I switched it up based on
what I thought was the smart thing to do
every now and then I killed the rachni
queen like these these fuckers are too
dangerous thank you and I risking that
shit
Oh strong first but Uncharted knows what
it is yeah it's a it's a it's it's a
movie pretending to be a game or maybe
the other way around I don't know but
it's fucking dull it's poorly paced and
idiots think they're doing things when
the scripted shit happens
I jumped out of that plane then grabbed
on the vine because of my lead this
canal was scripted and the game played
out like a cutscene but you're dumb and
you hit X when the X button came up so
you think you did that because you're an
idiot
you know sometimes rich when you're
right you're right
I'm not gonna get trapped in here like I
did last time
when I when I played vanquish and I
jumped over the little railing and I
shopped two robots each face I was doing
that then I rock and slid over the big
robot kicked it and jumped up in the air
shot it in the head a few times I
actually did that and it wasn't like a
scripted shot right
all right where we had him renegade
Kiera it says why don't you guys play
more character action / fighting games
they're about mechanics gameplay and
mastery and story is not important I
love to see you play Devil May Cry 4
guilty gear x rd i've heard good things
about the Devil May Cry series why
haven't we played more fighting brawler
e kena games I don't know I like them no
particular reason like I said I quite
enjoyed ninja gaiden
pretty sure I've stream did you Gaiden
yeah I think you did well you know what
I think you tried this dream Ninja
Gaiden I don't know if your kid doing
good Tiberius I'm quite open that the
only Uncharted I've played is 4 but then
again I also played The Last of Us and I
have the exact same complaints maybe the
series has devolved over time I don't
know I didn't play one 3 I'll admit that
I'm referring to 4 but you know what the
Uncharted fans love for so what are you
gonna do yep what do you do it's nothing
same complaint I had with the Last of Us
same complaint I had with the order Oh
God that was bad - yeah you know and at
least like the order had generic
shooting sections they were awful but
you know better than the platforming
sections of uncharted which were you
know like fake platforming sections
because you're never in any kind of
danger that's the thing I hate to even
call them platforming
I feel like Naughty Dog delivered on
what those two franchises promised and
it's okay to not like it just doesn't
mean there were failures I didn't say
they were failures I said that I don't
like them I know the entire fucking
world loves those games and that's
that's why shit like the order is
getting made and and gameplay is slowly
being leached out of games in favor of
storytelling bullshit because they're so
popular I never said they were failures
certainly they're very successful oh
yeah which is why I'm not that excited
about triple-a Gaming these days usually
dick
so this is part of the game remind you
of Dark Souls / blood-borne it does to
me no no I felt I felt it would it be
the lack of fun fast-paced and
challenging combat every death in
blood-borne was my fault
I might not have known it was my fault
at the time the this how to best explain
this like
now it's like this doesn't have the
challenge that uh those other games why
am I being ohok there's another one
Cielo fuck you
you suppose like run from the things and
these games more so than kill everything
or did that change after the second one
or the first one or whatever it's okay
to just say the game is bad says dancing
Shay dancing shade I don't think you've
paid any attention to the chat when I've
said a thing was bad in my eyes
obviously we cannot say that rich how
much did you hate the jack games from
Naughty Dog I I would say those games
were pretty standard for platformers at
the time they just weren't that exciting
Jack one feels like a very dull Mario 64
I have not played titan fault too yet it
hasn't really been on my radar I don't
have an xbox one I don't have origin
installed so it's not like I ever see
ads for it around it's not on my mind
and it's $60.00 to try it
when I don't know I've heard good things
I guess but I wasn't that interested to
begin with Oh some okie no by the way so
you know how I opened up that door that
wasn't unlocking a shortcut I had to
walk all the way back here and manually
save for that door to remain unlocked
it's not no no I don't I don't compare
this at assault of blood-borne oh
because it was a shortcut
there's a shortcut but you can't use the
shortcut if you die then it'd take more
than a shortcut to be like blood-borne
oh yeah I mean I I guess I can
understand the comparison it kind of
kind of weird gruesome monsters I get
that yeah gameplay is very different
though very very different and like I
was saying just in a general combat tone
it doesn't I don't I don't get the same
type of satisfaction who defeating these
enemies
did you just do a thing now so that was
pretty awesome
I'm surprised you guys are comparing
this to Dark Souls if you played the
original Resident Evil games that way
that was in a direct question from
someone in chat asking us to compare it
to Dark Souls so first of all settle
down
most likely Abad says personally this
game reminds me of Helldivers madam says
what would it take to have a couple
members of the rlm crew come talk at my
college I am a member of the department
of media and communications club and we
have access to funds for guest speakers
I would ask red let her contact about
that I wouldn't I don't like public
speaking so I would probably just refuse
it would be very uncomfortable
I can barely like talk I constantly
stumble over my words mispronounce
things it would be a joke
what if you go too far away it's a dice
no no it goes away
watch this bullshit yeah I was trying to
be tactical yeah and you know keep some
distance between me he's gonna he's
gonna pop up again over here so what
happened
he's right around the work no this is
there is so what happened before she
melted did he come back go away and see
if these guys come back or if this is
some real bullshit going on you're
saying learn to aim but might I point
out that jack is currently playing this
game with a controller and you can't aim
with a controller do they come back and
do you today do they come back with full
health
okay look look look he just came out the
floor there I wonder if headshots are
even doing you much good I wonder what
would happen if he just went for center
mass oh fuck it oh fuck that I thinking
maybe you're meant to do other stuff
while avoiding them for the most part
can you do that can you just go past
them I tried to do that remember
remember this isn't an action game where
you kill all the things maybe you just
go past them you can't really run and
that's spooky
for some reason right you can kind of
run okay well they're very slow you can
just backpedal and outpace them I would
just go past them and see what happens
oh no it's that's my cookies that we
just yeah yeah that like so yeah I need
to kill them you have to get the shotgun
with the scorpion - I gotta go all the
way back yeah fine just kill me no I
didn't I didn't do anything to kick him
off by the way I did not press the
button did we come to a consensus on
finishing undertale I don't know if we
have to save anymore
I think we've changed our hard drive
since then well then that would make
that decision very easy if you don't
mind backs if you don't mind back
seating there's a scorpion door on the
second floor that you can grab it's
super useful for this part I'm going
back I'm going back to guys
all right it's not that shotgun up here
there's a shotgun yeah yeah as grandma
still the grandmas gone spooky this game
defeats the purpose of games you know
being fun survival a lot of people it's
a thing survival horror ain't going away
anytime soon but this is an experience
of some sort
ah broken shotgun okay here's how to do
this puzzle
why is this game getting high scores at
all the review outlets because it says
resident evil' why would you trust
gaming reviews
well cuz I got a big-ass shotgun I'm
gonna put some more shit away why do I
ever come to this stream you guys hate
literally everything that isn't some
pixel retro garbage abso-fucking-lutely
why are pixel retro games the only games
these days that have gameplay
maybe that's why and it has less to do
with the pixels okay
I'm gonna list off a couple pixel games
that are super great we love okay here
is these are pixel graphic games that
you and I fucking specifically recent
ones specifically recent ones
XCOM XCOM - doom doom Dishonored
blood-borne blood yeah yeah these are
those are some pixel art games that we
fucking love because we only love pixel
art games
was hardly enough Metal Gear 5 which we
did we did a positive review yep we
absolutely did give that a positive
review maybe your tastes are just crap
son of a bitch where is that scorpion
door
if I could walk all around this fucking
house great do we check out the crypt of
the necrodancer DLC yet
I mean wow I downloaded it there's new
DLC for good for the necrodancer
amplified I think it's cool okay I only
just got it last night I started messing
around with it find it enjoyable
however the DLC is actually currently in
early access oh is it
I cannot want to I think I might hold
off yeah until there's done with it
sometimes it's buggy sometimes it's
buggy well I'm assuming they want
they're actually doing it right and they
kind of want feedback so they can tweak
the altered gameplay as they go yeah one
shot
you have to remember Jack and rich are
old as shit that's true they have a
different perspective than most gamers
who read gamer shit yeah our perspective
is were actually gamers and we care
about gameplay it's a little thing you
should change the name of gamer two
likes in a file really at this point
right right like what would you say is
fun about this that's it the
counterpoint what would you say is fun
about this I'm not playing it but I know
jack isn't enjoying this no I can tell
what what sell me on why why are we
wrong well the vr means that means it's
a good game because it's got the vr on
your face well like when that old man
just came in you know the unbeatable
boss and the only way to beat him was by
running away that way that made me feel
good
alright I got a shotgun now
the wand water man had vr in it that
doesn't necessarily make it a good movie
though nice
I'm just saying you guys have been
gaming a long time they have a long view
perspective whereas most people who read
totaku
or whatever like everything and anything
okay okay you're not wrong some of us
just happen to like this type of thing
but what do you like about this if you
like this yeah what do you like about
this I don't get it
just help me understand what it is you
like I'm not saying you're wrong for it
I just want to understand right like you
know rich and I value gameplay pretty
highly and you know part of that or you
know above or below or wherever we want
to put its story is a part of that but
like there's no story here right like
I'm just I'm trapped in a house and I
have to leave and the gameplay is a lot
of backtracking and really clumsy
shooting and so how it helped us out and
this isn't an attempt to say you're
wrong for your opinion I'm just I'm
legitimately curious interesting
atmosphere interesting puzzle elements
spooky action and good looks interesting
puzzles maybe later I have not I have
not I've yet to see any anything harder
than find the key that's the shape of
the other
did you guys enjoy gone home I have
avoided gone home like the plague
because I have heard it's a walking
simulator
Oh
Pepa Lube says jack
yeah which editing software would you
recommend to a total amateur who wants
to eventually do good thanks you know if
if you have if you have a Mac use iMovie
if you have Windows there's Windows
Media Composer or maker I forget which
what it's called there there are several
free editors out there nonlinear editors
that will handle most of the footage
that you throw at it and that is the
best way to learn those all caps
why would you do any of this you didn't
save you didn't keep your distance and
now you're out of shotgun ammo I did
save right before I went there and it's
a shotgun why would I keep my distance
with a shotgun to be fair it might be it
might not be one of those crappy video
game shotguns this might actually have
range
oh you're used to the bad shooters well
I'm used to the shotgun where the closer
you are the more damage it does
okay well zoom in use the that circle I
think all you need to do is be in that
circle okay so if you're gonna do a
project work on a free one see how you
like it keep working on a free one until
you can't stand it anymore make it make
a few videos on on a free editor and
then think about the stuff that you want
you know think about the stuff that you
that you want to do with your video
editor but for the most part you should
be able to do a lot of it with free
software
I see yeah
is that better yeah look up can you go
back to the old save and get all your
ammo back yeah yeah I died so I got away
oh you got all the ammo back
I only have three shells okay should you
switch to the most mate at this point
maybe there you are you dick
all right taxi taxi taxi follow me
gobbledygook says lewd atmosphere
experience feeling just because there is
no game player a narrative does not mean
an experience cannot be enjoyed for its
artistic and artistic merit as an
interactive simulation aka VR carny ride
right right catch a mood with good
gameplay like thief I will hold up thief
as an example of mood and atmosphere
yeah I know it looks blocky by today's
standards but certainly at the time it
looks ridiculous by today's thief
atmosphere is fuck I would say that
thief looks ridiculous by today's
standards
alright that's that's fine that's a fine
thing to say my point is you can have
both you know yeah yeah
I was gonna be a father
make him suffer
it's not like some people are into it I
would say 95% of people like this game
yeah it has great reviews I don't get it
I don't get it I'm with you it's not
it's not my family's board more than
anything but I mean we're getting into
some decent fights now but overall
qapla gox's gameplay has by definition
artificial constraints that can remove
immersiveness chess has great gameplay
but is obviously a game you can't have
100% gameplay simulation and narrative
one suffers I before I'm just watching
that
I'm just watching this but no that
changes the fact that this looks boring
as shit to me atmosphere be damned he's
gonna turn him to a monster right
absolutely
there's this big cage over here I'm sure
the fights gonna take place in
why would you do that why don't you kick
that body well that's alright now we're
ready for the big fight we got bullets
we got health miles speak rich actually
I'm honestly I'm starting to lose my
voice okay
I don't know how much longer the stream
is gonna go on we're gonna we're gonna
do this fight and then we're gonna be
done
I am legit okay win or die
win lose or die okay I think I'm gonna
go get some water right now I'll be back
all right
nice well I guess that's what I'm trying
to do here I don't really know
waste the bullets boy yeah I noticed
that
you notice that what are you gonna do
son of a bitch chainsaw
help
so yeah I was I have to get in there to
get the chainsaw but how to do it fairly
he doesn't
hope
oh sorry
I'm trying that tonight I'd like to
I'll use my help a little too early
there we go
we popped
look he's just legs now
I pop them do me a favor and stay dead
ah one-liner was it exciting
no I did like he hit me with his
chainsaw a bunch I didn't die I just
kept doing this okay so but it was
atmospheric Oh
I really think yes I really think and I
don't know oh and I don't even get to
keep my chainsaw well that sucks if I
would have known that I wouldn't have
chained if I known my chainsaw would
have died I wouldn't have changed out
that thing oh well well let's uh let's
take a moment first aid what what
specifically done I just miss her the
big fight you missed the whole big fight
what happened I chainsawed him you saw
it and then he popped I chainsawed him
and then he popped and that was it that
was that literally the whole fight
nothing else happened you guys are the
worst lol yeah
I mean yeah we are Jack I think you're
you're forgetting about the atmosphere
Oh see this is me being smirky I'm not
actually trying to insult you alright
I'm being snarky
please take it that way haha you know
it's not that great yeah I just want to
get to like the save point or whatever
in case I want to pick this up later
what's with the wrist stitches our hand
was cut off you see in the first part of
the game my hand was cut off and it was
reattached somehow and we're still alive
you have you know you'll have monster
juice in you
that's monster juice totally predictable
gonna be anyone google new baddie isn't
helping I didn't get the third dog head
which I needed yeah hello
thank you hello there bag of juice I
could have take you anything and you
know oh my god the chat just exploded
bro I just froze up for a bit and it
wasn't getting any a new chap and then
it's gotten all at once I don't know
yeah
hi dang diggity and we should understand
I do not want to keep talking I need my
voice tomorrow reasons you understand I
can't walk any faster
okay I'm going to the save spot the safe
spot is right up here
there's creepy music happening in this
help grandma's there gran was there
still can't shoot her dang old grandma
Daniel we know she's gonna be a monster
of course she's gonna be a monster of
course she's gonna be a monster rich
here you wanna read him yeah would
appreciate that
riches voices all jank so I will read
them boom watcher ah fuck here we go
but the devil is my hairdo I'll read all
these voices I'll read all these
subscribers made my Buffalo Bill voice
no one that would be that would have to
be terrible
ah Saylor e7 and Sophie low pathetic
says take more of my Amazon money you
frauds John Elway's teeth guy Lisa sori
says hi EEP DJ Kay train says I'll mo
the blue blaze says prereq we play the
overhyped game so you don't have to
absolutely that's what we're here for
regice you Chris Gaines mm says rarely
get to catch you find gents live keep up
the good work and the beard rich hey
finished here the last hummus mr.
Beebe's for 20 fucking months in a row
mr. Pibb says one more month and my sub
can drink ragged scribe 18 months in a
row Jewish school toe decimals 15 months
in a row happy anniversary
I see you picked a romantic game just
for me absolutely toad no no tom
Cosmo gesture for twenty two fucking
months in a row
Cosmo gesture says I want my Resident
Evil 7 mod where they visit pulling its
basement
there are VHS tapes in this basement
just put that out there a little nod
you're welcome
link in junior arcticus rex artic is rex
has four months and I still haven't
received my greet my geek crate crate
check those mailboxes they're all
they're all their backordered because
it's very popular right now what Western
child with that name I am sure you are
completely totally 100% unbiased not a
fanboy twilight of the Gods Orson chimes
at midnight
Sangster VG 64 or says happy birthday
rich Evans you're off by a bit but happy
second birthday let me say very thank
you thank you X Mensa 31 fucking months
in a row expensive says lol deuce deuce
in manip the fancy brute Ben Swank 'ln
poom count it ond ond no jest dances
with Smurfs mister grape loner our John
for twenty nine fucking months in a row
loner
hello jack and rich you guys aren't
really good at playing games or
commentating are you that's true we're
not
pew-pew Polly Sam be dicks midnight Andy
for 15 months in a row thanks for the
entertainment guys do to your
blood-borne review Sony sold themselves
another PlayStation 4 so I guess they
would also thank you and yes the board's
a great game flip born is a fucking
great game blood-borne is awesome
atmosphere game a story element that
doesn't get in your hand your fucking
face blood-borne is a fucking great game
quality pixel says keep it up love
prereq and our LM shooters for slashed
from ducktales for twenty seven fucking
months in a row sloshed says two more
months and I'll have subscribed for one
half one twelfth of my life all right
our Miller 17 months in a row I'm
playing overwatch right now but here's
my support anyway thank you our Miller
oh man oh my get me some overwatch time
yonder yonder says butts Rick and Morty
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and if rich could talk he
would say it's true we really do but
it's truly really - we really do so
thank you all for coming out we won't do
an awkward thing down the stream this
time just because what played out
that wasn't awkward this thing just fell
Oh we'll get over here
and I kind of want
