Nov 29, 2017
Little Nightmares
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/205616229
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCKb1yrgypY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/935972878754906112

there uh is Kevin Bacon is a
down-on-his-luck basketball scout and
he's desperate to find a star player to
bring to the basketball team and he
finds like a VHS tape of some some
players playing in Africa and like a
super tall African man this is different
from the Billy Crystal movie my giant
this is different from the Billy Crystal
movie my giant where he's also looking
for a star basketball player and this is
different than the what's the Brendan
Fraser baseball player movie the rookie
yeah yeah this is different than the
rookie oh we do need to update that yes
and you know Kevin Kevin Bacon learned
some lessons some life lessons he
learned some humble pie at first because
uh you know the first thing he realizes
when he gets to africa is that his star
player was playing against women rich oh
yeah it's like not even it's like not
even so you learned some lessons here
president just called error memories of
old oh just call it error yeah
so yes it's just called err wait why
don't you why don't you do the other
abbreviation error memories of old Sol
air mu doodoo Oh what are you doing why
are you working
perfect perfect that's great that's
great it's great this is a Jacke pick so
we can expect something on the level of
3 2 1 grenades absolutely we don't know
how long this is gonna last you know
there's stuff out but remember everybody
playing a game on stream is very
different than playing it in your home
by yourself and and so you know while
there's stuff that rich and I want to
play we also want to make sure we
entertain y'all there's nebulous I'm in
this nebulous zone there's there's
nothing I'm in the mood for right now
right right I like last night just just
last night I finished unlocking all of
the things for hand to fade and I
immediately remembered why I usually
never bother 100 percent of things I got
that last card I was like oh that's it
okay I guess I got them all now you got
the journey you rich you got the joy of
the journey to get that laughs whatever
whatever you have you 100% something
this last few ticks is last few things
you got a collector usually just tedious
it's not worth it in the long run uh-huh
but you got that was my experience just
unlocking literally everything and had
to fake lots of great things in that
game uh-huh
and we don't looking back I didn't need
to unlock all the cards it was fine
we should I should have let it go a
while back but you did it yeah we got
them all you've got them all it's very
unsatisfying I'm sorry yeah I'm very
sorry rich
that's very loud oh that's gotta be a
chair does it loud
that's loud the volume was low on the TV
her oh well we'll see nothing worth
doing is supposed to be easy rich yeah
but it should be at least satisfying my
problem is that it wasn't satisfying
just like oh I did it
I've already done this stage this is a
very tutorial II and I've already done
it so I'm just gonna move past a lot of
this yep so there's a bit of story here
and there's a bit of
there's a bit of story about like the
ancients what's what's going on what is
shit what is the story just the ancients
we're a like a spirit thing and there's
ancients and we have to go on a journey
that sounds stupid yeah it's pretty
light it's pretty light you know why
it's fine you know your space station
demons shoot that's exactly this just
sounds stupid and a little bit it's
spirit there's a spirit well but a
spirit we're about to get what what sold
me on this game and I'm not sure if it
was worth it
I'll tell you this at the end of the day
I'm not sure if it was worth it yep but
we're about to get to what sold me on
the game okay so are you speedrunning
this game absolutely I'm speedrunning
I would say I'm a bit more artsy fartsy
with games than riches yeah I can I'm
fine with artsy fartsy but I need a I
need a really fun under life
right I'm reserving my judgment on this
but I have low hopes I watched the
trailer it didn't look like you were
doing like yeah you really it's it's you
know it looked like a less interesting
version of super flyer super flight
right yeah super flights which is which
is all gameplay just fly right now fly
it around which is great
which is great yeah this well put it
like I said we'll get to what makes it
at least somewhat interesting so I have
a magic lantern and the lantern lets me
see ghosts and there's a whole bunch of
ghosts what about the ghost
I think they just keep it claim
you see a demon monster ate half of the
world before and the spirits were able
to stop him and he's trying to his back
trying to eat the rest of the world
that's great and so we gotta go we gotta
go somewhere and get three of something
all right that's what we gotta do all
right we gotta get three think we have
to get three like head three sections of
a magic plate and use it to stop the
demon from eating the rest of the world
so it does look pretty
what was the game you love but no it's
shit but love for nostalgic reasons you
know I know that I really have anything
like that I I have a lot of fond
memories back back when I would go to
the arcade something that I would sink a
lot of quarters into is rampage ah and
you know what I don't think it's a very
good game I can't even tell you what the
quorum like mechanic is just the
destruction exactly slurring all the
things it was very fun punching all the
buildings it was nice being a giant
monster exactly you know you'd probably
like them different play hope and either
hope like for cover they call them
rampage or whatever ultimate rampage
whatever it was the open world hope game
oh I don't have something this mission I
didn't play the open-world talking right
I thought I played the Angley Hulk game
which is a whole game well you could
just literally destroy everything really
yes gotta get on this I did order a copy
it hasn't come in it by the way I'm
spider-man - OH
for the PlayStation 2 Oh Supergirl night
so we can do a superhero name we'll get
that whole game okay what's that what it
what did it come out of yeah what is the
name that's ultimate destruction is it
the name came out like everything at the
time Sheriff what were like whatever
though I'm pretty sure it was
PlayStation 2 era whoa a ps2 superhero
night so look at this you just get to be
a burden fly around yep and it's really
pretty
I can free look around if I can't I
think I think hope ultimate destruction
is the rampage game you are looking for
okay
that's you flying as I'm fat as I'm
being a free pretty little bird
butterfly in the sky
Hulk ultimate destruction okay hold on
is that available on Steam by chance
probably not ps2 Xbox and GameCube
one moment please Hulk ultimate
destruction tried to ps2 version 7.0
here's one for six dollars three dollars
okay let's see here anonymous says fun
fact fun facts ten days ago Ridley Scott
began reshoots and his new film with
Christopher Plummer replacing Kevin
Spacey the reshoots finished today and
also a new trailer released fuke me that
was fast
I suppose that person's from the UK but
fuck me fuck me yeah or else they did
the typo no that's - oh that's more
that's like two typos fuck me okay hi
blimey blimey fook me alright I got it I
got it I got the hulking spider-man Hulk
Knight
fook me I don't know about the Ridley
Scott movie sorry sorry I don't know
nothing I don't know nothing about
nothing
hell of a way to end a career you know
it's so you fucked up so bad they're
taking you on a movie yeah you're doing
expensive reshoots just to get rid of
your ass you know that's when you fucked
up you know the stories sure are creepy
oh sure I got an achievement for doing
that I stepped into the wild talk to him
I know where I'm going already I already
did this so but I think I need to talk
to them first like trigger the thing I
need to go to all right so all right I
just want let everyone know like I'm not
just like doing this to be a dickhead
and I've already done this all right and
butterfly and sky if you want to just
fly around and that's fine if you want
to just fly around like fine flying
around
I don't know super flight I'm just some
exciting flying around there were some
tense
amazing moments in super flightcheck
what I'm hoping we'll get what do what
this game kind of has promised
who is a bit of a zelda-like experience
where you get this fly around the open
world II the thing and then you get and
then you get dungeons to go and explore
let's need look smooth yeah flying is
pretty great but uh but I'm looking for
some challenge dungeons and lows that
house is flying compared to Skyward
Sword to Fleck
you're the flan you I just don't
remember I I turned a Skyward Sword off
very early on into it
really yeah I was not having a good time
I think I got to one maybe two dungeons
chap my spirit animal was a human being
suck it
this way into the cloud
yes good this way
no chat I I'm not only not religious I
would not say I'm spiritual either I'm
sorry I'm not spiritual I don't even
know what the fuck that means it means
the same thing as religious I I think
it's just you know oh I believe in stuff
that I can't prove that spirit is same
it's the same bullshit how about that
what's this
hello and then what are you
and it's printing press right it's words
words
get out of here words would scare me
rich
all right I gotta find out where I'm
going
I might actually have to go back and
talk to those people
son of Jana Jae AI na jaaye narge every
night shine off je Jana
who named the kid China actually it's
pronounced Jana Jana I like this yeah I
do like that I'm movin on Friday so I
might be off the grid for a bit also
thinking of changing my name since Jack
keeps butchering it well I'm so what'd
you say that bat V Supes is worth
watching for academic purposes I don't
know yes
yep yeah absolutely like watch Batman V
Superman watch Suicide Squad because
they're so bad so long movies for
academic purposes you know what yes I
still think whoa you still think it's
worth it I'll be honest with you I still
think it's worth it especially like
Batman V Superman has so many structure
problems
story-wise do you fuck up a sure thing
well you need to be a Warner Brothers
executive haha they seem to be really
good at it like it's this whole lost art
form with them
oh yeah I'm way off base here treadeth
says rich previously you said that you
put Futurama on TV to go to sleep have
lovi in style
I never said have lovi in styles my kind
of things I don't like being in a dead
quiet room right right you've said that
yeah I started the same habit about 10
years ago that also chose Futurama hmm
does it work for you and why Futurama
let's not always Futurama was one of the
things in my watch just something I
enjoy mmm something I'm familiar with
usually I don't want to be watching like
things I haven't seen before when I'm
trying to fall right you don't want to
get engaged in a story yeah and there is
a lot of Futurama out there so Futurama
they've done it with Farscape oh yeah I
think I think I think that's I think
it's a bad habit to be in what why is it
a bad habit they say that causes
insomnia that I'm just saying what they
say I think and I like I used to I did
used to have a problem getting to sleep
as I successfully go to sleep oh sure
TV's on all the time I could say that's
absolutely not true well for you but
like I used to have problems going to
sleep yeah and the the very first thing
that my doctor told me like I was having
trouble getting to sleep he's you know
stopped coffee after this amount of time
which doesn't affect me I can have
coffee as late as I want to still get to
sleep and he said Deena the other thing
that's important is to remove all
stimulants from your bedroom is he's
like get the TV out of your bedroom
don't read in bed
don't play games in bed don't look at
your phone in bed that's when I can't
sleep that's what that's what my brain
starts going right okay I can't do that
and he said well you know the the idea
is your body will get used to the
nothingness but it could also get used
to just watching TV in bed and and then
you will have trouble sleeping put me in
a dark quiet room bills problems stress
worry about all these things yeah
there's nothing else to distract you now
worry about all these things you have to
worry about you know yeah that's also a
good a good way to deal with the things
that you're worried about he's too used
to confront them
sometimes that's half the problem is you
knows that oh yeah that's there we go I
found it
you see your waking hours yeah those are
the hours where you have to deal with
the problem is Jack no but I'm going to
bed
yes that is true but if you haven't
dealt with them then you can kind of
figure it out as you're going to sleep
figure out how to deal with them I think
there's something to be said for too
much distraction in our lives well you
can say that that's what that's what I
know I'm fine with the way I do things
oh of course of course I'm just I'm just
having a differing point of view and the
opposite of that causes me to have
trouble sleeping right so just having a
different point of view rich we don't
have to agree on things
I'll do it one thing I had to do that
thing I think I guess I got to do
another thing first
all right I've done all this before and
I guess I'm mixing up the order you get
to hit something with a sort at some
point never another problem to the game
or never as far as I've played the game
so far okay no it's a lot of flying
around and you know relaxing and then
there's some puzzle solving I'm actually
hoping to get past the first dungeon
here so I can see if it gets any better
so far I'm actually not
but flying around is nice this is super
flight but boring yes welcome to the
stream okay I needed to read that first
and then go our taste in streaming games
is awful yeah we weren't sure about this
one we didn't we had no idea what else
to do sometimes you just got to make a
call and go with it people and we have
other things do we don't we don't we
didn't we anticipate this not taking the
whole night yeah there are there are
backup plans absolutely absolutely we
have backup plans and we have things to
talk about we have things to talk about
do we did everyone watch the Infinity
Ward trailer I have nothing bad to say
about it you know as someone who Wow
as someone who has seen every bit of
thing that is associated with the Marvel
Cinematic Universe this feels big
this feels a lot of them feel big so
ragnarok felt big no that just felt like
oh that just felt like another Thor
movie it's the destroying ass guard
that's big I guess I don't give a fuck
about ass guard so it's like that to me
that wasn't big like this is big in the
way that the Avengers was big you know
the the first Avengers movie was this
weird gamble right Ken can we have a
shared universe with people from
different movies come together and this
feels that level big where it's like
every single person who has been in a
Marvel movie is gonna come together in
some way in one big-ass movie after 10
years of built up after 10 years 10
years of buildup yeah there is a high
there's a decent chance that this is
just not going to be able to live up to
any kind of expectations you might have
absolutely it'll just be the other big
problem they fought which ultimately
isn't that different from the other big
problems they had to team them up for
that is also a possibility we have to
team up like we did those other two
times but this is a bigger team a bigger
team that's the first issue you might
know if you want to worry about
something that's the first thing you
might worry about say the trailer looks
bad I'm saying trailers look good all
the time that's their job that's their
job and the other thing is what do they
do after this well then they just wind
down or it it ends what do you go
according to Kevin Fame Gigi Vega woody
he said according to him Avengers for
whatever movie whatever Avengers movie
takes place after this
we'll look dif what did he say it will
look different than anything you've seen
in the Marvel Cinematic Universe so like
this is the last that just you know what
that means
that doesn't mean a huge stylistic
difference that just means it's gonna
have different cast of characters
exactly well that's what they like or
that's gonna be the same stuff team up
to fight the thing but I won't matter
it'll be new carries at the end of it
doesn't really matter what matters is
they mail the characters examine these
characters are fun and do they tell good
stories with fun characters do they have
fun action sequences and do they make it
do they make it interesting I don't
really care that either they're teaming
up to fight another another problem no
because you just want to you want to
enjoy these characters again that's what
they've done right yeah that's what DC
has done wrong and that is what Marvel
has done right yeah well and then the
the big speculation in the world of as
far as what happens after infinity war
the big speculation is currently Fox is
trying desperately to sell their movie
division to Disney it's true Fox doesn't
want their movie do division anymore
and they're trying to push it to Disney
which means that then Disney would get
x-men Fantastic Four Deadpool unless
unless you do it a retro movie that
takes place to the 60s I don't know what
the fuck you do with Fantastic Four and
I don't know what the fuck you do with
the x-men well what you know here it is
if you're Disney if oh oh are you
kidding if you're disney that's your
next phase fuckin individual x-men
movies that end up in the team ah well
that's almost like a separate universe
at this point it should just be a
separate fucking universe what if what
if they come what you know what if they
need to what if they do like House of M
you don't know what House of MN I
remember it I don't remember what
happened in it
House of M was Scarlet Witch being ultra
powerful person
she is decided to reshape the universe
yeah to give everyone everything they've
ever wanted ah essentially changing
everything in the known universe how do
you how do you introduce the concept of
mutants to the Marvel Disney Marvel
Universe Jack fucking who cares they'll
think of an idea there there's a chant
there's another challenge so big rich
they need to be a pre-established ethnic
group they think they think they need to
be their own universe
well what I'm saying is what my or not
my what what I've heard is speculation
is what if there is an event where
heroes dive things happen and in this
universe they stop making moves for this
universe and start with the x-men and
you get your x-men characters doing
x-men things in an x-men movie like in
in the next Avengers movie they run into
a problem so big and suddenly maybe that
problem is the mutant threat I don't
think it would be hard they just did get
discovered now no no no no the x-men is
built upon a society that is already
prejudiced against them not necessarily
you could you could do a start of it
like okay well what if Avengers for
after infinity war they're tasked with
taking down some powered individuals and
how about this all right finish it looks
like rain then they know that did you
not see that it's crazy that was rude
that's why I had to call you out on it
there's has to take out some powered
individuals and they learn of a whole
group of people who were born with their
powers and not given powers boom and you
started the x-men Society it's just
something like prejudiced against them
that's new no that's already set up with
stuff like the Sarco via act and how
people treat powered individuals within
the Marvel Cinematic Universe that's
already established
but then you get you get the seeds of
how people become prejudiced against
them you you want your civil rights you
want you want you want you want like the
x-men needs to be sent the 60s almost
you know I think it can be said anywhere
it's that that's that kind of blind
prejudice is univer if there's anything
we've learned over the past year is
prejudices Universal there is parallel
to that kind of prejudice and that's
that's a weird thing to just all right
there's a new ethnical group but now
we're just prejudiced against them it
just happened overnight it's weird to me
no okay so remember the Avengers are
tasked with taking down some powered
individuals and let's say rich that the
powered individuals are bad guys and
it's discovered that it's a whole new
it's a whole new kind of person who's
born with powers and these are bad guys
and so then then people start saying
well you know we need to control all
these people with powers because some of
them are bad guys and you got topical
you got topical shit let's let's kick
them all out let's kick all the powered
people out you know you know what I
might do that's crazy topical one all
right keep just there's a it's just a
solid fucking wall separating these two
things okay solid wall all right you got
your Marvel Universe right now I'm with
the Iron Man and Captain America they
are and these people are all aging yeah
as all people do it's been around for
ten years now Robert Downey jr. ain't
getting any younger
nope maybe maybe maybe the Marvel
Universe that we've had the MCU that
gets phased out okay okay and then just
like a hard fucking cut knew no universe
no continuity connecting them now we're
gonna do these x-men movies and then we
establish an x-men universe and we
answered your Cyclops and Wolverine all
these characters and lay out all these
new actors not related and then it's
just it's just the x-men Cinematic
Universe for a while
and then we get all we have ten years
husband been 10 or 15 years since those
Marvel movies we can safely reboot that
now as a new Iron Man
yeah maybe that could work I think that
that goes against a lot of the marketing
ideas that have been successful for
Marvel though is you know you got a repo
an Iron Man at some point though of
course and it you you can't do it
directly after Robert Downey jr. leaves
right oh yeah this gives you a buffer
this gives you some time to forget and
you have an other product out there
while people are forgetting them sure
but you could have other products still
connected to the universe you could hate
you know you could have another ant-man
movie or whatever the fuck and then you
could just every 20 years or so you just
pass the buck Marvel movies Marvel movie
Meryl knows Marvel movies that did that
uh x-men movies X movies x-men movie hey
hey hey remember Marvel minutes Marvel
movies Marvel movies movies moment oh
that was funny
remember those x-men x-men movies sure
so you have your Avengers universe
you're set for a century of just reason
George attaining the same thing in a
smooth cycle not a bad idea not a bad
idea I I think that goes against a lot
of the a lot of the things that make the
universe work is no one necessarily
cares about ant-man
but people do feel an obligation to
watch the ant-man movie because it's
part of something bigger
I think it just keep developing new
characters about Disney do you
who characters get out of town
that's not that's not Disney shtick
that's somebody else's dick man
that's just said the x-men that's a lot
of convolution to be gobbing onto the
MCU this sure is
the ghosts of Nixon's my favorite coffee
shop is closing tomorrow after many many
years oh I'm sorry
now we have to find somewhere else to
waste small amounts of money on a
regular basis so here you go
Hey all right I'm glad your coffee shop
closed thank you ah hopefully find a new
place but you know until then yeah it's
okay to hang out with us it's fine
well take that coffee money
I know oh by the way dr. Chuck but mud I
know CW has their crisis on Earth X
super crossover event thing happening
right now and I just got caught up
because you know remember I was away for
a week and so I wasn't caught up with
all my shits with all the DC shows the
flash what do they do it no fucking
everybody rich I don't know who
everybody is so so it's it's flash kid
flash green arrow
Supergirl supergirls flash has his own
show no Kid Flash is on the phone but
he's on Supergirl and a couple people
from her show the legends of tomorrow
and people from their show to three
shows four shows four shows flash arrow
Supergirl legends of tomorrow okay
all get together because and this is
where it gets fun they're all fighting
evil versions of themselves from Earth X
it looks great this is like you know as
a as um huh fun it's in credit all
happens while Barry Allen is about to
get married to iris West so I was like
there's a wedding involved there's evil
versions of themselves it's a crossover
event
it's everything that makes comics fun
yeah it's all the fun stuff it's all the
fun stuff so I just got caught up with
the regular episodes and so I will be
I'll be binging bats the crisis Earth X
and apparently there's even a crossover
comic book yeah like where where that
like a comic also picks up on it
unofficially published DC comic also
picks up
on the craziness what the hell is going
on with this thing it's just a puzzle
like I needed to figure out a light
thing now I'm figuring out this thing
and they're weak puzzles see like look I
just needed to find the thing that fit
the thing and I only had four options so
it's easy which is why I'm keen to get
to the next area because I want to see
if the next dungeon has made this the
tutorial dungeon well this is this is
the first dungeon and so I'm not judging
too harshly based off of the first
dungeon
so yeah and you know it likes and I
guess that's the thing with infinity war
is it feels like an event it feels like
the big crossover event where you want
to go back and re-watch some of those
movies to get prepared just like if you
were if there was a big comic book event
he would want to pick up you'd want to
pick up a few issues of the other comics
maybe just to see what the characters
like it's it's infinity war seems like a
big deal you can't turn into a bird in
here you cannot turn into a broom on me
because right from us to this game just
seems to have been built upon you can
turn into a bird yeah oh I'm with you
and it's bullshit it's bull hockey
though I just think if you turn into a
burden here they're like the puzzles
would be too easy and so instead of like
designing the levels around like just
limiting your bird use they just said I
designed the puzzles around your burgers
right maybe that maybe you can in later
dungeon okay okay in this dungeon I
could not turn into a bird Thor met
rocket racoon and I clapped that's
that's a fun that's a fun thing when
your favorite character meets another
character that you like to see how they
would interact with each other the key
to Marvel success even though the
villains pretty standard if I didn't
think you liked the characters yep
you're excited when they meet because
you like both of these characters
exactly that's what they're doing it's
what they're doing right is it god damn
it it's what they're doing right right
right rich that's the thing I loved like
in in the Thor ragnaroks you saw that
one right haven't seen it yet I'll get
it when it comes on video this isn't
this isn't a super spoiler because this
was the did you see Doctor Strange no
okay well this isn't this wouldn't be
considered a super spoiler but like my
plan is Jack I'm probably gonna catch up
on all these one that's kind of my plans
like I said that's what you wanted too
Doctor Strange makes an appearance in
Thor right now yeah I imagine that's not
a super spoiler but he does and you know
what the heavy has a little interaction
with Thor and it's very cute and it's
very fun to to go to your point on it's
fun when characters we like interact
with each other
I don't know if ragnaroks the best
Marvel movie bolt action it's a very
good Marvel movie it's a very good movie
in general but I don't know if it's the
best Marvel movie then your cuz then
you're also fighting with Captain
America Winter Soldier and Iron Man 3
and the fucking Avengers themselves
which like The Avengers is a super solid
movie yeah the first one yeah that's why
yeah the first one is an incredibly
solid movie and so like you're just
you're fighting with a lot of solid
movies Ragnarok is good but I'll tell
you what in Ragnarok and this is a
personal thing yeah I the stakes didn't
matter for me you don't care about a
scar I don't care about ass no I know
that's the thing about me so I would
consider that a lesser movie two
Avengers or Winter Soldier or Iron Man 3
which is the perfect action movie
Jackson love of Iron Man 3 is
well-documented - to Iron Man 3 is great
Iron Man 3 is great I'm probably a
little more vocal about it than you are
which is which is you know that's just
that's just every of you are more vocal
about it but I definitely love the movie
know so much great great movie
see look at this by the way look at this
guy
yeah that's really neat character though
yes big stone flappy wings that kind of
look like hands and yeah it's really
good character is that I think it's
interesting that's interesting
the bad part you don't fight it you just
talk to it and it gives you a piece of
the plate I fired it eventually or
something that looks like it I don't
think so because I don't think you can
fight him oh yeah I don't have like I
can't either there's no punch button
and someone who doesn't give a shit
about the comics I love drunk pathetic
mandarin right yes yes oh poor antastic
twists it's a great twist it's a great
take on the character as someone who
like I never cared about Iron Man comics
but I like comics in general if they
would have done that went to a character
that I loved I would hope that I would
be okay enough and accepting the fun
twist they put on that I don't know if I
would be but I'm trying to think of an
example of like a character that I loved
that was very different on-screen that I
was okay with
so you come up with a our man 3 is
pretty good too bad they ditched all the
character development from Tony Stark
and Civil War as if nothing happened did
they
no I don't think so I do I don't think
so
Civil War if you're because you know
remember your timeline well we go right
into we gotta you gotta go straight to
Ultron first to go to ultra right and in
Ultron you get all like what did Tony
Stark learn in Iron Man 3 he learned it
wasn't about the suit it was about him
yeah and that's what actually led to his
ego of building Ultron because it's
about him it's not it's not my suit it's
not Iron Man that makes it it's Tony
Stark and what if Tony Stark could build
a suit of armor around the world right
so his revelation in Iron Man 3 directly
results in Ultron which directly results
in how how much of a piece of shit he
feels like in civil war so disagree at
the very least it's it's just the start
of a second completely different story a
character arc it don't have much to do
with him learning the power is really
him it just it's a new thing where he
does something that ends a backfiring
big time and then he's got the guilt
from that in Civil War well it's it's
one one movie leads into the next you
know he the the heroic sacrifice and his
first real battle from Avengers leads to
him feeling you know post-traumatic
stress in Iron Man 3 and then he learns
how to deal with that in Iron Men 3
which leads to ultra which you know at
all it's it's a very logical / oh
and her Greenspan's fuckin I don't know
how did our light change super cuz we
move lights all the time
orkap is it Allen's thing now that
you're over there it looks fine so this
will be hard to know for sure just blast
the light at us
how's that oh it's fine
oh shit my birds been flying the sights
on my your Birds fine oh that's the
temple I'm hosing that's the temple I
was all right next temple
no Rebecca new bride did you see that
Marvel shirt that retcons drunk mandarin
states there was a real Mandarin in the
world that's that's kind of upsetting
I like drunk Mandarin John mandarins
great yeah I choose I choose not to give
a fuck yeah you know the to me the the
infinity war trailer didn't didn't
really like do a ton hype wise but or a
ton of new information wise I should say
like I don't think it gave us a lot of
new information I want a movie with real
matter how many people gave a shit about
the Mandarin before they fucking dead
drunk Mandarin and them in Iron Man 3
how many people gave a shit about that
character rights for and all four of
them are in chat so maybe maybe six
maybe six people gave a shit about that
character right
just a guy-guy with some rings just a
guy with some rings magic rings the
people who read the comic books nobody
read Iron Man before the guys remember
the comics weren't doing too hot they
weren't selling particularly well I kind
of didn't oh you're one of the six
right the snow zone now
yeah looks exciting Captain America
coming back
big fights big just big fucking
everything right yeah this is it this is
all the marbles all the marbles are on
infinity
or one would think we still have like
whoa we still like Black Panthers coming
out - Black Panther coming out do you
remember
I'm not sure I'm not sure I don't know
either you know you know be the
chilliest thing in the world the what
the Trulia sting in the world the tro
leah stay in the world did you do you do
the real mandarin in the movies yeah and
then it's just another drunk actor that
man was a foul was a fake hired by me
the real mandarin i've been controlling
the puppet strings all along line line
great that would be great
infinity war is going to be a movie a
fun movie about space they're gonna do
the whole let's go to another planet and
fight thing right like the Guardians are
their first movie will be largely on
earth the second movie will be in space
as well no that's my call all that they
really there's no Infinity Ward to
anymore yeah I think this we should into
just one movie now okay
I think chat if you could confirm or
deny cuz it used to be infinity War part
1 and part 2 but I think it's just
infinity war now
no it's two movies Jack it's an infinity
War part 1 an infinity War part 2
they'll probably do the first movie him
collecting the gems and then the second
movie him having them and that'll be
mostly in space if I'm gonna throw a
wild guess out there wait so what's the
name of this movie isn't this infinity
war they might just call it something
else I can fit it be they might just
call it Infinity Gauntlet infinity war
Infinity Gauntlet the second movie isn't
infinity war that just means I'll call
it something else but it's going to be a
sequel I mean I guess a direct sequel
that would be if I had to guess yeah
that would be my guest I don't know what
they're gonna do for sure and I'm not
psychic
I'm not spiritual rich what I what I
need you to do is put out some energy
into the universe to try to to try to
make the answer come to you if you could
do that they know they already know it's
gonna be called the Infinity Gauntlet
but they're just waiting to reveal over
the last minute to get the deep reaction
but we already has the gauntlet it's
called infinity before them the second
one will be called the Infinity Gauntlet
that's my call this one is called
Avengers infinity war yeah and the other
one will just be called the Infinity
Gauntlet Avengers if ya be gone yeah why
is that because they made a name for it
but you're not gonna call it I know they
need a name for but well like what's the
significance of the gauntlet besides the
gauntlet just the name just a name
recognition there is no there is no
special thing with no not with itself
okay okay the gauntlet is just a thing
you put the gems in the gems are the
important thing you can throw the gems
in your pocket it'd be the Infinity
pocket that's this is what you can't
have to infinity war movies with a movie
between them that well that's what I was
thinking because after infinity war we
get the next ant-man wasp movie
I'm betting it'll just be called the
second what we called the Infinity
Gauntlet mm-hmm that's my group that's
my guess that's gonna be your guest yeah
okay that's Rich's official guest to
market clip that and save it for you
know what probably about a year and a
half when they announce what the name
will be Infinity Gauntlet doesn't sound
as grandiose as infinity war no infinity
gauntlets classic its classic okay this
might be a dumb question I did not read
this story line yeah because I don't
generally care for big epic space stuff
yeah is there an actual like not a
gauntlet but like a trial Gaunt note
that they have to run through good I
don't know that they're gonna parallel
the story that closely anyway okay I'm
just trying to think like if they called
the Infinity Gauntlet and they have to
run through a bunch of trials aka a
gauntlet it's it's odd for a comic book
story and it doesn't have a very good
they like jim Starlin didn't really have
a solid idea for how to end it okay so
the last eaters the last issue were so
just gonna Peters out like I haven't
these things happen I don't know alright
alright but the first part is just it's
really weird for a comic book story
because your villains kind of the
protagonist and at no point is he under
any kind of threat because he's
effectively got right and so it's it's
odd yes it is odd for a comic book story
that it is it is very odd for a comic
book story it's also very yes it's a
Santos and death love story about a
spurned lover who cannot woo his beloved
even though he is literally God of the
universe
I wonder if fellas gonna make a comeback
and and I'd like the reason I like
fantasies of characters because he's God
he could force death to love him he has
that ability yeah but he actually does
love mistress death and he doesn't want
to force her to love him he wants her to
love him for him and she just doesn't
even though he can do literally anything
it weighed in in the comics is it is it
hella no no okay its mistress death
mistress death not the goddess of death
I don't know anything about Hell
she's the goddess I don't think they're
the same okay well I'm just wondering if
she's gonna make a comeback in the movie
mistress death isn't a goddess of death
she is like the the physical embodiment
of the concept of death she's something
metaphysical
this is all good to know this is all
good to know this is good you know
because we're all gonna be quizzed on
this we're all going to be quizzed on
this soon enough nonnamous says why is
Stan ocg couldn't they have done it with
makeup I don't know I don't know I don't
think the CGI they did is bad though so
it looks like Thanos what else do you
want look I'm fine with CGI if it's done
right well and here's here's the other
issue right is he if Thanos needs to be
physically impressive
he needs to be giant or there's other
people and he needs to interact with
other people in action sequences because
this is after all an action movie uh-huh
and so if you have John he needs to look
like Fei knows who has ridiculous
proportions yes and so if you just have
Josh Brolin in a bunch of makeup and do
weirdo forced perspective stuff that is
not going to get you very far in the
filming of any of its gonna look like
all the superheroes standing around and
Justice League don't they look goofy as
hell standing around they just stand
around standing around talking to
Commissioner Gordon I wanted to laugh
that seems great there's great Justice
League that was beautiful and then
Aquaman comes and Jim Gordon has to be
like alright fine
Batman wait if Thanos is God why does he
need the Infinity stones the Infinity
stones are what makes him got important
side note do you if you have the
Infinity stones you have at least in the
comics yeah you have complete control
over reality right the the example of
the example with it is if everyone has
seen
dr. strange I know you haven't yep
dr. strange finds himself the time stone
and is able to control time in a small
area yeah that's it but if you combined
say the time stone with the space stone
and the power stone
you could then control time all
throughout the universe instead of just
like on your table right and so it's
it's the combining of all of these power
stones that turn someone into a god yes
how we feeling about this game jack
we're I'm finally getting to the part
where this I met a new area I have some
new puzzles to solve here rich and I'm
very excited to figure out whether or
not these puzzles will be anything
literally anything that's all I want is
for the puzzles to be good in some way
shape or form so we are about to find
out how we're doing
Power Stone is a good game yes the Power
Stone is fine gay Power Stone is a good
game as well yes I'm glad we could all
come together on that point Power Stone
is a fine game I don't even know if they
have do they have the is a Power Stone a
thing in the mem see or do they call it
something else
I shouldn't they just called the Power
Stone what stones do they have and the
space was from The Avengers
Oh Power was a guardian of the galaxy
just raw power he's gonna land on the
planet I'm just gonna blow up though
that's all right raw fucking power of
the Power Stone okay so that Power Stone
is being held by the Nova Corps by the
Nova Corps right now
it up the colored room what they got the
colors room oh did they in the comics
purple was space and the movie purple is
the Power Stone
blue was the mind stone I believe in the
comics blue I'm assuming that was the
the Avengers one the space dome
yeah actually the mine stone is yellow
because that's what's a yeah that's
what's in here oh they messed up the
colors the yellow was time and time is
green time is green that was the sole
one oh my god colors are all wrong the
colors are all you know what never mind
rich we're not going to see the movie
now I just someone gives me a proper
color correction I can't believe
superfan producer Kevin Feige II effed
up the stone color Oh up in here up in
through some snow I wonder why they did
that
Power Stone is also the first one that
Oh seems to have well yeah because they
don't want to spend much time with the
Nova Corps and I don't think the
Guardians are gonna have that big a role
in this what I've heard James Gunn say
so I'm assuming that's gonna happen
possibly even off-camera or very briefly
in the opening you'll see him rating the
Nova Corps sure like walking over the
burn yeah yeah planets yeah and that's
what that Ellen that's probably what
Spurs the Guardians because they'd like
they're friends with an elf car right
possibly
and sit in the Guardians be like hey who
hurt our friends let's go find out
no the Guardians have to be mote well I
suppose if it's two movies the guardians
have to be at least a little of involved
though because they have I think James
gonna said it's gonna be largely just
the Avengers but I don't I don't know
they have Gamora whose fan I don't know
well maybe part two oh right the puck
fucking part two part two if I'm right
there's they're not really gonna get
much into space the part two oh man
so what we'll see I don't fucking know
what they're gonna do well why not rich
this is your job rich gun was probably
lying it could have been I don't know
everything right gun could also just be
fucking with everyone because he doesn't
give no fucks
go to the roof of the world's go west go
north at least two of the Guardians have
a huge beef against Thanos right there's
gonna be two Infiniti movies right and
remember we still don't know where
Captain Marvel is going to be in all of
this and she's a space person and
probably going to have something to do
with all this infinity nonsense as well
but that's half the games we play yeah I
don't know how interested you are if we
want to ditch this I like I said I want
to do one more okay that would that
wasn't a dungeon right there that was
not a dungeon that that was to get the
key for the dungeon so I'd like to hit
up this next dungeon as soon as I am
through that then we can make our CMC
me-80 forces haven't seen a stream in
two months because of Hurricane Maria oh
I'm sorry
come back to see a Marvel talk it's like
I never left thank you want to talk
about it's this big it's a big new thing
heck the d'être the trailer for
infinity Wars got some what got more
views than Justice League sold tickets
but I'm hey there's a good joke in there
just right I've told it very bad I don't
know if you can trust that probably
or something recently about some kind of
conspiracy theory that vivo paid YouTube
for views for their music videos oh sure
yeah I believe I don't think they'd pay
YouTube for views but there are there
are places that you can buy views yeah
okay
I know those exist there are places
where you can buy views and and they're
not necessarily BOTS they can they can
be like legitimate clicks from
legitimate IPs you just have to pay more
for that YouTube does a really good job
of cracking down on BOTS
they don't want because advertisers
really don't like box but they're less
stringent when it comes to like farming
out views like spam views because
YouTube the only thing YouTube cares
about is keeping its advertisers happy
do you think there can be anything
beyond the universe no by definition if
the universe is everything that exists
then whatever exists outside of the
universe would exist and therefore it
would be a part of the universe right
like if you want to talk about like as
far as like our giant chunk of space and
time does something exists outside of
there man the answer is I have no
fucking idea but it would be so far away
from what what anything we could ever
imagine I don't even know if we could
name it it would be than nothing it
would be the sunken place the upside
down
but if our universe is a computer
simulation then the universe that our
computer that we are a computer
simulation is the real universe yes
because it's our it's our perceived
reality Tiberius Kirk you bring up an
interesting point I'm sorry to derail
all this talk about universe but we seem
to be doing is suggesting the
interesting metaphysical talk well no
you're just saying the same thing
reeling that okay i repeating yourself
and so i thought you were done with that
okay if you want to keep going what kind
of question are we addressing oh not
just comic book The CW DC comic book
shit so I thought it was really
interesting a couple episodes ago in the
flash they actually mentioned the
Incredible Hulk
like they knew who the Incredible Hulk
was which means in the universe of DC
heroes Marvel comic books exist which i
think is an interesting concept and I or
it could have just been out like a
one-off thing but on last week's episode
of the flash he actually made a
reference to his spidey sense and so now
they are like making direct call-outs to
Marvel comic books which is weird cuz
why you know why would anyone allow that
so I I did think that was an interesting
I did think that was interesting but but
purely from a from a like a brand
synergy standpoint like well how was
that allowed from the uppers that they
can talk about Marvel comic characters
or like they just don't care anymore and
they're letting them have all the fun
they want which is great I've got to let
your characters have a little fun it's
too dark to see anything
yeah DC has fun on TV DC does have fun
on TV they're having so much fun that
they're okay like just straight-up
calling out Marvel characters so whoever
is doing the writing or the directing
this season of flash is making sure to
is making sure to call out as many
Marvel characters as they can as
reference points so in at least in the
arrowverse Marvel comics are a thing
that exists and I like that I like
I had apparently I can't get up there
even jump off this rock can i game the
game
I know one person and longer involved in
the cinema and that didn't make sense
and the Raimi spider-man movie Aunt May
tells Peter he isn't Superman see that's
equally interesting I what I what I
really like is the idea that in their
universe they they have each other's
comic books so in the DC Universe even
though there are actual superheroes they
still have comic books but they're
Marvel comic books I think that's fun
got to figure out what's going on here
I think that's a lot of fun
and I really thought rich was done
talking about the universe I didn't mean
I didn't mean just to cut him off but he
said the same thing a few times in a row
and so I'd assumed he he was ready to
move on apparently that was my mistake
you know that's the well in the x-men in
the Logan universe they have x-men
comics right which is another strange
thing but that made sense he was in the
future
what the what
with the what
that it that's it I did it this is kind
of the same puzzle that they had in the
last dungeon so so far we're in pretty
weak puzzle territory so far we're
continuing the tradition of this game
and it's kinda weak puzzles
I think there are only three dungeon I
only need three parts of a plate
what do you think I did a thing can you
lease and share as a placeholder I don't
know where he went I think he's just
waiting for me to get all that CW
superhero stuff out of my system and I
don't know if I can because I I you know
I've talked about this before I have not
been watching the arrow this season
because I watched the first episode I
watched the the season premiere and it
just it was just too dumb it was too
dumb for me and there were stuff about
like people dying and his kid and I
could not care less so I have not been
the arrow has finally reached a point
for me where it's just too dumb
supergirls still great the flash is
still a ton of fun but I had to I had to
put arrow down we had to give arrow some
space just just too much just too much
of the dumbness
so just heard a car door closes out side
I think rich left I believe rich left in
the building without me so welcome to
Jack solo stream playing a little air
and a little air I can feel it coming in
the air tonight crisis almost convinced
me to give legends of tomorrow another
shot just to know who the hell all these
random people are yet what I hear the
legends of tomorrow had a rough start is
the the first bit of season one they
took themselves wee bit too seriously
and nobody really liked it what I hear
is they have finally said fuck it and
went full camp which I think we can all
appreciate
Oh
I've got to figure that one out
so I do hear fun things about legends of
tomorrow
I just can't necessarily care about them
I don't I just don't care about it they
were all you know they were see lists of
the seal itself but there supposed to be
some supposedly some interesting
time-travel stuff and they have some fun
with it
like the episode where they had to
rescue George Lucas so he could write
Star Wars again just just some kids
having some fun some kids and wacky kids
having some fun with it and you got it
like that
that way
okay
yes
hey rich yeah that's good that's great
what's up you know we just gave me
enough space I was able to just you know
finish all of my CW DC superheroes I
felt good to get it out don't good just
to get it out of a system all right now
I'm trying to solve some puzzles here my
god we do have a bit of an interesting
one here where we have these six bells
that I believe we have to ring all at
once but I can't move fast enough to
press them all down at once you know
like a one pops up but I'm pretty sure
just can you pick up things I don't
think I can
what am I suppose the edge would do you
any good they just run just run from one
to another decent ideas you get powers
at all already kind I don't think I do
all right I have the ability to jump and
or use this Lantern trying to hint from
the chant they have an idea they have an
idea I don't know if it's a walkthrough
idea or just a guess idea you know what
we'll see how correct how fast they are
and then we'll know sure how how about
trying a different order oh oh sure
oh here we go one two three oh wait I
get it I get it I get it there were the
that's right there's there's clues you
see the six yes diamonds I wasn't paying
attention to that all right
so okay we got a jump on this one first
and then this one this one so rich 3d
platforming yeah awkward in it sometimes
just inherently sometimes it's a little
awkward
all right again ninety-eight bloodshot
says Marvel earned the right to make
this film Marvel earned the right to
make this film
after a decade and clearly loves their
characters this is the ultimate
domination over DC showing that if you
put in the legwork fans will show up
another they earned the right to make it
I mean just owning the rights earned
them the right to make it but that's
that's also true they they did earn the
hype and the anticipation they did earn
that what what they what they earned is
what will eventually be a nice box
office right yeah baby what they've
earned is good will from movie-going
audiences that the audience's know how
do I get that thing to glow again did
you already do what you needed to do did
you just need to hit those three is
there a door that opened maybe if you
did fall goofily but maybe you was
enough oh sure maybe I did it maybe you
did it oh yeah oh no that's where I came
from I think today helped us I don't
know
I walked away and discussed I might have
opened this
the real Vance's I read an interview
with danny elfman and he said that comic
movies should stop reworking the musical
themes with each iteration and stick to
one iconic theme like the James Bond
movie butts yeah Danny Elfman not that
he's not exactly impartial here all
right I wonder why Danny Elfman would
think that I wonder why he would want
them to use his iconic Batman score over
and over again in multiple million
billion dollar movies I wonder why he
would want that weird so weird he's not
wrong
I don't think entirely case-by-case he's
certainly not unbiased but he's not
wrong
when Superman could do with cranking up
that John Williams theme you know I
don't know that the iconic Batman music
fits with this version of Batman but
everyone wants to hear the good
old-fashioned Superman iconic music
again it's just so good that's the
problem it's just so good rich bono by
the way wasn't that a really weird part
of of Justice League when we heard for a
little bit the Superman theme when he
get when he turned bad those yeah well
that was weird because it was when he
turned bad yeah but I don't mind them
using that and you should have they
should have saved that until he showed
up at the end yeah Steppenwolf in the
face yeah that's when that should have
happened as the hero reveal yeah like
that but they use like they used a
second and a half of it when he turned
evil Superman
you know when Superman's big entrance
was just saying something off screen
what if instead of him delivering a
stupid one-liner it was just that theme
started up oh I think you got to go
bigger than that please you have you
have Steppenwolf like about to throw his
axe down on someone and then just whoosh
that every everyone's everyone's ever
lowest yeah everyone everyone's kind of
defeated and Steppenwolf is just
standing there gloating for a bit okay
and then you just it just you just hear
duh
for no good reason Steppenwolf for the
Steppenwolf hears it too like he knows
he knows something's wrong and he just
turns around and then just yeah then he
just the big reveal with Superman
standing there looking confident and
determined Steppenwolf hears it I mean
you're not wrong that's when they should
have used that agree I mean they should
have used it when Kim I came back of
course that's that's the correct answer
that's exactly what happens rich it's
not anywhere near that epic the big
reveal is mostly just Superman saying
something stupid you play that up to be
the big moment and you have the proper
reveal and you have that music going not
just quietly but it's its triumphant it
dominates the soundtrack that music it's
a matter of how they did it
and it should not have it you should not
have heard it earlier when Superman was
evil I agree with that that's the way
that was the weird part to me Superman
was eat now there it is they used it
when Superman was evil it tainted it but
no it's so it's so case by case going
back to like whether or not they should
use the iconic music from old superhero
movies like if it's if the tone and
theme of a superhero movie is so
different that the old musical score
would sound out of place then of course
you shouldn't use it I don't know a
little would have worked for The Dark
Knight the Danny Elfman yes okay no and
nothing you know the Dark Knight didn't
have necessarily an iconic score and it
didn't necessarily need one but yeah it
would that would have been out of place
that would have been out of place in the
dark name I opened a door rich I opened
a door
that should literally never happen with
Superman there should never be a
situation where that music is
inappropriate for the character this is
Ryan from MI yes if they're doing
Superman Superman yes but like what if
what if someone made a Superman Red Dawn
movie then you take that same music if
you disobey Red Dawn yeah you take that
movie and you give it like a Russian
communist flavor like an oompa you make
it now you just make it sinister
lower mmm
slower baby
hello mr. whale spirit
but any decent shows you're watching
that are comic book related well I'm not
the one who wanted to talk about comic
book shit so I've been watching the
punish the last thing I really watched
was stranger things CC to show that's
not necessarily comic-book relate it's
kind of quasi superhero II kind of
revisiting the it's not a good series
but the the man with no name trilogy
okay alright that's fantastic folks you
don't care at all it's I like I mean I'm
unsure if I've even seen all of them we
remember we talked about this last one
where it's like if I have they've been
so long ago I'm sure they're great
people love them why don't I just get
them watching
yeah stranger things that we're watching
The Punisher right now which as far as
comic-book movies or shows are concerned
the Punisher is is more a crime drama
than a than a comic book show it's
pretty good by the way
pretty good shockingly like the
characters are interesting the situation
they're in is intriguing like I want to
know what happens next there's like a
little mystery there's a little
detective stuff and there's good
characters that I care about what
happens to them
shockingly not a ton of violence in the
Punisher series so far and I'll tell you
what I only have two episodes left and
there better be a goddamn bloodbath I'm
sorry that's you know part of the thing
that makes the Punisher fun hmm I want a
bloodbath rich I'm sorry
I want violence not not exactly hyping
me up to watch that show it's really
good times good characters interesting
stories but
I mean and I'm not saying it's devoid of
violence but I don't want a bunch of
flashbacks illustrating how wounded this
man is I wanna I want to watch a show
about a violent killing machine rights
yeah it's there it was just driven to
punish it's not a bunch of flashbacks
there is some violence but it's more
it's more just let's get to know all the
characters in the mystery
I don't care why is the Punisher I know
why is the Punisher it's not what's
important right yeah then you actually
you might not dig it it doesn't sound
like I will you might not dig it it's
just so hard you know when you binge
watch shows it's actually hard to
remember them I'll be honest with you
watch a bit of the Star Trek watched a
man who was fallen from where he was and
he's not even that same human being this
more he's he's become cold and harsh
yeah and unrecognizable that's what you
want from your opponent that's what I
want for my Punisher yeah yeah and those
are all the reasons why I've never liked
the Punisher I've never is a character
I've never really cared for because it's
hard to reach for him or I just like
it's hard to root for someone like the
Punisher and they were really they're
really like walking on there walking a
thin line in this season with the
Punisher yeah yeah comic or comic book
rich do you think reaching the edge of
the universe will bring you to the other
side like a pacman level
I mean where like you just it loops in
on itself hey I think that's possible
that's very possible
sure where there's no edge just kind of
repeats in in itself like like an
affinity loop sure but then would there
you know with a mobius strip would there
be would there be a time consideration
like you go back to a place that you
started but at a different time
well it's gonna take you I'm told
trillions of years to do it
so but what if by the time you get back
it actually loops you backwards in time
I don't know jack
I don't know we don't we don't know
what's at the edge no I mean there would
be no edge in that scenario though of
the known universe we don't know it just
be infinite looping infinite won't you
strip the twists in on itself sure
that's possible
marriage yeah this game sorry oh good we
can change the game yeah oh thank god
everyone just breathing sigh of fucking
relief I wanted to give it a shot
alright look you get to be a flappy bird
oh you flap around look at it you're
flying in a snowstorm
whoa watch out can you travel faster
than the expansion of the universe
here's the thing here's the weird thing
like supposedly the expansion is
actually getting faster you know space
is expanding I thought it was slowing
down no no that's the weird thing they
like gravity they thought it should be
slowing down to snap back but it's not
it just ever faster and faster that's
what the whole dark matter dark energy
thing is about okay that's how that's
their explanation for why it's gonna be
something pulling it apart okay and
here's the thing theoretically because
if the expansion keeps speeding up at
some point light from the distant stars
the distant galaxies won't be able to
reach us because they're expanding
faster than the speed of light and
they're they're mean there may be a day
in the the far far distant future yeah
where you literally can't see the rest
of the universe the galaxies no no light
will get to you we're interested you
know so you won't be able to see any
stars it'll just be a black void there
gonna be a life could evolve on a star
in this situation have no idea that
there's a rest of the universe out there
sure oh that's a I'm sure that's that's
gotta be already a sci-fi dystopian
novel right but it's just someone
growing up in the black void of a future
earth kind of but not really you know Oh
the third hitchhiker part premise
there's there was a planet where like I
forget the reason why is it's got a
cloud coverage or something but the
night sky always looked pitch-black okay
and they didn't they didn't know that
there are other stars until they finally
sent a rocket up above their cloud layer
and they saw the stars and this
beautiful sky and it offended them they
they felt the need to destroy the rest
of the universe yes that the universe
would match their their previous image
of what the universe was there should be
nothing we have to get rid of this
that's the premise of the third year
checkerboard I love it yeah I love it
yeah so here's a a quick tip to any game
developer not specifically this one but
anyone in general if you have something
that sets your game apart from other
games like let's say you're a bird
flying around and flying around as ahead
as a bird is really fun maybe maybe
build some more gameplay mechanics
around the thing that's really fun to do
cuz let me tell you walking around
dungeons and pressing buttons do you
want to try that chef thing
battle chef yeah no I don't have to you
can you can do hand to fade if you want
to put batter
alright playing hand of fate that's fine
like this is really nice flying around
as a bird and and what here here's the
upsetting thing about this rich just
just to talk game a little bit if you go
through these holes here with the where
the winds blowing let's see if I can do
it just do a person if you go through
those holes you do this like dive bomber
right lower you like spin around yeah
but there's no oh man in a tree there's
no dedicated button just to do that move
to build up speed or dive or anything
you can only flap can you more of this
flying stuff that's what I want
well whoopsie
we did that poorly I did flying's not
perfect because they were too busy
building mediocre puzzles I'm sorry it's
alright you know what I'm glad I tried a
new thing even if I'm just because there
are aspects that I enjoy like flying I'm
like a bird a fly away how about FTL or
maybe rocket lake
I don't think handle fates gonna be very
popular with the chat fuck fuck man what
is apparently FTL our rocket League I'd
be so out of out of source with them
rocket League I play that forever any
interest in playing one of the Resident
Evil games
none at all where is it naval for not
even a little bit I will play Resident
Evil for all the time I love Resident
Evil 4 that's a that's a super fun game
that I enjoy we can do that on a stream
all these days absolutely Resident Evil
4 is a fine slack fest that I enjoyed a
lot
but any of those early ones nope
what do I want I'm it's awkward timing
for me like I said I last night I just
finally finished unlocking all this shit
and hand fade one yeah
felt like replaying that one I never
unlocked all the stuff and I'm like it's
like I'm like I'm like done with that
yeah and like in between right there's
nothing I'm particularly in the mood for
yep what happened to spider-man - Jack
what's up with spider-man - it's on its
way it's on its way
it's being shipped to me right now
obviously the only place you can get a
copy for that at a decent price is eBay
so I wasn't able to get like super fast
shipping or anything like that but I
bought it that very night that we talked
about it and it is being shipped to me
right at this moment mmm also you know
what else is being shipped to me soon is
is that Hulk game that I purchased at
the beginning of the screen ultimate
destruction Hulk
ultimate destruction you know what and I
just thought of something to play but so
we're gonna oh we're doing nothing
that's fine like oh you got I got I got
something you got something that I think
people are gonna like I hope so it's
better be fucking good hey I got
something that I think they're gonna
like all right what time is it 7:30 why
don't why don't we uh okay first of all
stop playing this game which even though
like I did I don't want to be super down
cuz I like flying around as a bird if
they didn't if they didn't add enough to
the game they didn't add enough to the
game and then that's it super fun yeah
they just didn't it no you just didn't
add enough to the game man please no
arty-farty
oh you guys were going super all ready
for you I'm sorry Jack wants to fart the
fucking room up don't worry this is good
we're gonna go the artiest of the far
deists and you guys are gonna love it
rebel base says I was watching your last
dream and I wanted to say that as a
child I actually saw Bill and Ted two
before the first one apart from some of
the minor characters the princess and
sand GC I was able to follow George
Carlin presumption for GC
yeah yeah anonymous says fun fact I was
watching what I thought was b-roll and
early VFX real for Justice League but it
turns out that was the actual final cut
of the film Oh wrap one up one up I get
it
true blue reviews us yeah after seeing a
promo for the new season of black nerve
I finally got into watching all of it
yeah like what do you think of it and
what's your favorite episode black
mirrors really fucking good yeah have
you seen it I still haven't even watched
any of it I even watch that even oh it's
so good it's so fucking good um it's not
Netflix it's on Netflix okay it's on
Netflix now I haven't well I haven't
finished the the final Netflix series
yet like San cupertino just won like an
Oscar or an Emmy or something yeah and I
haven't seen that one yet favorite
episode that's gonna be tricky
I really liked the one where our eyes
cat like capture and record everything
and upload it to their version of
Facebook that was a really good one that
was the premise it's like okay people
have implants in their eyes and it
uploads everything they see all the time
and it you know obviously turns into a
nightmare cuz it's all dystopian
nightmare and I love the the one with
Haley Atwell where where her husband
dies I think I heard about that one her
husband is the the basic premise without
giving anything away is her husband dies
and there is a company that can recreate
a digitized voice based off of his
social media posts and for a small fee
she can talk to an artificial
replication of him at any time
yeah it's it's a really good I heard
about that one yeah it's so no no no
spoilers no spoilers these are just the
premises of
the episode it's fucking good but all
right you know what let's take a little
break I'm gonna go to the bathroom
why don't you click I've run an ADD
button okay you can do it or we're just
oh there it is
you
there I am muted oh no I was gonna say
the meeting is fine
oh my
you
hey everybody
I'm not gonna play getting over it
because I don't think that's out yet I
don't think that comes out until next
month but when it comes out we're gonna
play it you know we're gonna play it
getting over it we'll talk about it when
you're back in here but I don't think
that comes out until next month why do
you show ads we we show one AD
approximately every 20 streams we almost
never remember to run ads we were taking
a little break we were running a little
ad we're actually really bad about
remembering to run ads and remember her
ads don't just help us they helped which
and we use twitch to you know everything
so we want to make sure that twitch I'm
just gonna go ahead and uninstall that
AER tell you one okay I think we're
pretty saintly we're mean and I would
almost say we're negligent we ran it
we're in admin we're taking a damn break
yeah it's not like we would run an ad
and then continue talking about the
stuff you want to hear but so getting
over an rich is the new game from the
creator of QWOP okay and it is uh all
bomb let's let's let's see if there is
this a full game and have some kind of
weird browser thing it is a full game
double-check and make sure we are
unmuted yeah
I'm showing rich the trailer for getting
over it you know that's the way for this
ad to finish and then uh they can watch
with us why not right let's let's let's
let you guys watch with us cuz rich is
about to watch the the trailer for
getting over it so we go ad let's go to
your window capture maybe in screen
capture oh yeah here we go does that
look like nothing so far nothing and
there we go alright let's see if this
works
plays okay
fixing that nope nope
nope nope nope okay just going to move
and we're gonna try again screen-capture
let's try kappa more like what happens
if we go here we go nope that's weird
right yeah I've never done a screen
capture before okay let's try this let's
try this rich let's add screen capture
we just add the whole screen
yeah see look it's not showing anything
just added the whole screen hold on
everyone
we're gonna try to figure this out live
why Wow cuz I'd like for you guys to
watch with rich I think that would be
more fun oh there we go there we go
I don't know what I did rich but I did
it whoa she'll see her freakin stream
here so that's gonna be fine all right
ready yeah why did I make this this
horrible hike up an impossible mountain
I could have made something you would
have liked a game that was empowering
that would save your progress and inches
steadily forward since success is
delicious that would have been wise
instead I must confess this isn't nice
it tastes of bitterness its capricious
it sets setbacks for the ambitious and
lacks lenience it's bracing inhumane but
not everyone's the same
I created this game for a certain kind
of person to hurt them that's what I
expect to follow up the coop to look
like honestly ya know so so it's you
know it's a game where you use your
mouse to control like where the
sledgehammer is and you can
it's about climbing a mountain and and
it looks delightful is what it looks
hey you're supposed to be behind that
there we go
it looks utterly delightful it looks
like it'll make for some fun times but
it's not out yet okay is everybody ready
for the arty-farty game
