May 7, 2017
River City Ransom: Underground
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/861291960849633280

[Part I]
Lichter after pushing the button oh
you're right let's rock and that's all
gone now no one heard it I said fucking
waste you guys I said a really cool
one-liner it was a whole thing
we are officially rich three minutes
early that's that's fine you're three
minutes early to the stream welcome
everyone
nobody's gonna complain about that no
one's gonna complain I'm just I'm just
I'm happy for us cuz usually we're like
10 to 15 minutes late for a stream you
you just tell them to earliest start
time is the problem every time have to
know you have to know know cause like
like I always know we're gonna be late
and I always tell my start time like if
we say like oh I'll meet you at the
studio at 6:00
I tell them we're going to start at 7:00
yeah because in my head I'm actually
going to be to the studio by 6:00 but
then stuff comes up and I'm it's usually
me yeah plan on stuff coming up because
that should happen usually me that shit
happens right
talk about your Taco Bell experience I
mean what I love talk about me I'm a big
fan of Taco Bell I love their new told
them you went to get something to eat
and everyone just assumed but it was
Taco Bell oh I did not I went to the
other place that I went to Qdoba called
it I went to Qdoba halted Qdoba is kind
of my go to my go-to place when I'm
eating good because like I get the I get
the burrito bowl with lettuce on the
bottom lettuce beans meat and salsa
which is all like no carb no sugar which
is really good that's that's me being on
diet yeah so it's you know chicken black
beans lettuce and salsa I also get a
little salsa verde for spicy so that's
what yeah that's a salad jack yeah it's
salad so it's great could open up
national Qdoba Qdoba whatever I believe
it's national it's it's a cover some
people saying what the heck is Qdoba
keto was the the place that gives you
the giant burritos you might all you
might have a Chipotle it's like a
fancier Taco Bell yeah it's like a taco
bro that only makes burritos and they're
well known for these jobs they do tacos
too I guess an they're kind of shitty
but then again compared to Taco Bell
all seen any good movies no I haven't
seen any good movies recently I won't be
able to see guardians to till next
weekend
quick quick note for everyone let's not
do any Guardian spoilers i won't i won't
be talking about it rich hasn't seen it
it's only out for a weekend so like no
no guardians spoiler stalker the only
thing I'll say is I didn't much care for
it but no no Guardian spoiler talk oh
this is adorable rich is so excited to
play this game I am I love the original
yeah kiddo buddy I like you dope Annika
dov'Ã¨ and you know being being on diet
it's a it's a great place to go because
it's a good amount of food and good
amount of protein so yeah I'm a big I'm
a big Qdoba fan nope
19 XX
about 20 years ago sorry jack and what
suck to hate nice things i have very
specific reason Oh am I am I playing
here oh you're playing too oh I'm sorry
you don't have to honest so you got kick
whoa he was tough but we trained hard
for this you can beat him with P and K
or punch and kick keep his head but at
bay by blocking with B and it's never a
bad idea to jump away with J
okay that's B that's K that's punch
great
I'm going in now you gonna get him boom
jump it away jump it away that was a
seven hit combo pretty good pretty good
how you fucker can I hit you
yes okay I'll try not to unless well I
don't know this version maybe it's
turned off but sure you should be able
to hey we level up the higher level the
more you can increase your stats great
money what shit yeah
boom that's good high school yes games
part brawler part RPG really yeah well
weird I believe this is actually the end
of the first game oh yeah yeah if you
tap tap twice and I gotta come in you
okay so anyway I have very specific
reasons why I didn't much care for
guardians I'm not saying good that
guardians is a bad movie I just didn't
much care for it I will get into that as
soon as Richard seen it and we get a
little more time for everyone else but I
have I have my reasons and I believe
that they are the special moves damage
Otis access your move list with forward
from a safe place to learn okay Oh moves
list shoulder lifts awesome dragon feet
we're talking you're talking about a
deck no I'm not talking about I'm saying
not talking about
fun
there I hold him that's a way to do it
and try to remember I do it said like to
do like I can do like a full nelson yeah
it takes time to actually get to know
here we go hit him there you go
you dick me hey i got him
I don't want to talk about the things I
think the thing the thing well I just I
wanted to complete my thought for y'all
is all I wanted to complete my thought
but now we won't be talking about the
thing here's something we can talk about
rich yeah you didn't make it to gain I
hope I'm behind on behind the bleachers
Oh what I do I don't know hey ho can you
get out there yeah
just jump Hey no just hey you do what
you want do we need a man do we need to
be like there's a door up here
oh oh whoa there okay I made it can't go
there so game night yeah you didn't make
it to game at night last night but we we
struggled and we learned a new game yeah
we learned star wars rebellion oh I'm so
sad I couldn't make it
well you I know you're not a Star Wars
person but more importantly it's it's
like this like military strategy game
where you know what one side plays as
the empire and one ply side place is the
rebellion and the rebellion has to like
hide their base and the Empire has to
you dick
yeah the Empire has to like it's the
Empire's jobs just fine okay they know
they're using X input for the Xbox
controllers yes why are they saying
press G because then they only need to
write one thing because like it's the
grab the right bite like I have no idea
what that means G is B it's the grab
button is B what's bla what's a guard is
is G is B let's grab that's not guard
it's both isn't it
oh no oh sorry that's right trigger is
gard okay
yeah uppercut right triggers guard money
money money money money that's been
throwing me off so one one side plays as
the Empire oh shoot oh I'm white you're
blue won't planetside places the
rebellion in the ruling has like hide
their base on one of the planets and the
Empire's whole job is just to find the
rebel base and it's kind of neat its
kind of fun it's a it's really cute but
it like the game is only supposed to
take like an hour to an hour and a half
to play and with set-up time and just
figuring out what the hell was going on
it took us four hours to get through one
game because it was all of our first
time playing and it was it was a bit of
a clusterfuck but I think we haven't
figured out now where next time we play
we'll know what we're doing where are we
going now huh what what wait yeah
how do you hate doing that kick are you
pressing for that for kick my right
shoulder
yeah that's how you punch how weird huh
okay all right where we going where we
going where we going outward stairs
stairs yeah so it was a bit of a rough
night last night trying to figure out
how to play Star Wars rebellion and you
know for for all of us it was our first
time playing but we did and I think it
turned out oh you can pick up guys yeah
you can pick up guys and throw them how
do you pick up like that instead of the
grab in this when they're down okay yeah
we can you can you can pick me up and
throw me that's awesome
it's like double dragon with cute
animations yeah
eat it Punk eat it Punk
or am I the punk never both we're all
Punk's okay cool
I guess you know what we kind of look
like greasers come on let me in it's
probably up more stairs when I guess
you're right I remember the first game
ended on the roof this is probably just
up the stairs Tex is a weapons master
you must have feed him with a weapon
here take this oh shit oh I threw it I
threw my weapon
hope I threw my weapon I'm gonna go see
if I can find it oh I can it's still
there great create Punk you dick hey
great coup in the name
Oh weapons are so much better shit why
am I so terrible today for many reasons
but I don't mean you know it's enough
it's a full moon oh you dick
boo so hey guys I'm really excited about
playing more Star Wars rebellion okay
hopefully was with some some more people
who are a little bit more into kind of
strategic
that'll be good we've also been playing
a lot of there is a there's a Harry
Potter deck building game because to
keep using willpower which provides a
small boost to Santa okay we got wake up
oh oh you dick you threw that bat like
an utter dickhead I'm gonna kick you in
the fucking teeth
hey hey hey you just killed me Rick
are you actually dead yes I didn't know
you're dead look at you you killed me I
was just fucking with you I didn't think
you were dead who kills me you bastard
you come back I don't know buddy just
gone maybe I come back at the end of the
level
we've been playing I hear there's a game
called Harry Potter Hogwarts or Hogwarts
battle and it's a it's a deck building
Harry Potter game that's meant for
children who are reading the books yeah
and you can actually go through there's
seven levels through the game that goes
through kind of each books and then each
level is like harder and harder
difficulty which is really neat so you
know my 9 year old is just loving it
because he's all about the Harry Potter
and it's not a bad game you know
deck-building oh look it are you going
hey buddy are you are you her no oh wait
ok what I don't know I don't know what's
that how's that breasts nice wait she
went down here
I think I know okay
Oh who's that apparently I hit the wall
oh man you really have to time those
grabs
how oh I'm sorry did I kill you you know
you know blow me check hate a man while
he's down that's why that's what they
taught me this way to do it oh the
dragon twins
I hate the way they have the buzz label
in the tutorial I hate it how money fuck
you
you know what you're a dickhead you know
that we planning on streaming the Friday
the 13th game well we probably will well
maybe maybe you shouldn't killed there
maybe you should maybe you should kill
shit maybe shouldn't kill me think about
that
my problem was I kept going for the
brass knuckles and I should not yeah
yeah
this is great it's great I'm feeling
pretty good about this why not well well
I'm sorry sports sports get Jay for
Friday the 13th stream
Jay Jay comes when he pleases you might
come for a Friday the 13th stream he
might if I got eat it eat my uppercut oh
shit
eat it
planning on playing prey at all I will
be honest with you I have no idea what
praise you Inc I I have seen the name
around I've seen it being discussed but
I don't know what prey is so I'm going
on what you know we just got a double
difficulty so I was like ooh maybe and
then around that corner stop running
into walls a long time to open oh shit
what the f does he have psychic powers
eat golf club or pipe am i doing any
damage hit him him I didn't want to hit
you
nice
classic hit'em praise pray to I still
don't know what pray to is I'm sorry
pray is Bioshock with xenomorph Pokemon
that that sentence does not compute with
me I'm really sorry
one of prays really good has been
playing again
pray for pray a b-tier FPS not unlike
Bioshock ok well that sounds fun
maybe we'll look into that Cindy was
rescued so she could finish because I
happen in time to finish her shadow my
god I love it great
all right come on a box go on a barf oh
wait she breakdance
she's the brain you want to be heard you
like the breakdance I like I saw I saw
the breakdancing in the in the beginning
and I want to breakdance da button Rach
have you ever been in a fistfight very
very like honest kid for what that's
worth it's not worth much yeah
I couldn't salmiak no I have I don't
know anything about the French election
I think that was today though oh there's
a demo you can download on PC for prey
there we go now we're talking free demo
yeah like free demos now attacking I
like free demos did I see anchorman 3 I
did I didn't even know there was an
anchorman 3
what the fuck is cheap I hate that so
much G is B that's great still it
shouldn't be G right is jump and what's
s what's s crap on me jump jab you know
you're using this controller I saw
something about this is like a you know
note you have to have a X input capable
of controller which basically means the
Xbox controller they know the button
layout they know what the buttons are
labeled yeah just use that
huh what's s from swimming that's the
special that's the oh sure okay so then
if I go jump in special I do a broken
propeller I was just trying to see some
of the moves so then I could go whoa I
don't know if I'm supposed to be
fighting you but I am like we just fight
everybody in these games right um you
don't have to know okay great oh wait
mine we could just be beating up
civilians Jack I think that's what I did
yeah they're not trying to punch us or
well you're beating dudes up great you
know what I want to practice my moves so
that's what I'm gonna do
yeah money money
see this guy he's gonna get beat the
fuck up oh yeah he's thrusting he gets
beat up okay come here
oh hey watch your kicks dog
nope okay where do we go I don't know I
have no idea how about a back to the gym
all right second science man what are
you doing in here huh he's saying things
in Fame dialog the random bugs you beat
up safe things when you're beating a mom
what we got sent to the principal's
office because I beat up my teacher Oh
God
hey principal suck it that's one of the
characters from Double Dragon yeah
that's great
get out of my head get out of my school
principal suck ass ow we got
oh shit
like we're probably not supposed to be
fighting him but you know here we are so
ow
now we're doing too good oh we beat him
yes take that principle you Inc oh wow
you just do that like bumping it in if
you rob you run if you're running when
you do it okay so see if there's any
secret area okay now we did it rich we
beat the principal yes that does look
like a Wampus skin rug
any chance for another stream of near at
automata possibly maybe maybe not I have
no strong feelings on playing near
automata
I just cannot grab anybody here was that
you know
way up
oh fuck I died rosada ng in full I don't
know how to get to Full Nelson how do I
get into a full nelson
there's so much to learn jack up in g in
full now is that where you grab them
from behind is that a full Molson sorry
that's fine trying to get back in it
can't get back in it oh you're dead huh
you're dead Jack how much do I need to
donate for mod in shat moderators were
here before nominations they're not
there it's not a donation kind of thing
no our mods were here before we had
donations you're mad because you you
want to dedicate your own time yeah and
we trust you my feelings my feelings on
Nier automata are just kind of mad we
had a we started playing near right
after we did horizon and Zelda and we
just we just did a shit ton of these
open-world games oh here's the gym right
that was downstairs was a janitor there
I think we have beat up the janitor room
are you gonna get us sent back to the
principal's office Jack fuck yeah I am
but we already kicked his ass oh shit
he's back
alright well let's just leave
ah second principle principal suck ass
I'm like we got a time of it up here so
it was wrong - what I don't know okay
come on downstairs oh there we go one
downstairs Oh Oh what is it
alright alright maybe they all went in
here yeah if they didn't go in here
alright uh-huh oh look at the chalkboard
ah what if we go to the princes office
for now we just walked into a classroom
oh did you hit someone I didn't hit
someone I mean I was trying to but I
didn't that's good let's see what for
you let's go downstairs again let's go
downstairs again we can figure this out
rich he was a janitor
excuse me janitor okay maybe down over
here
yeah yeah oh it's science let's that's
black science man that's that is this
his formal name it's his black that's
black science man yeah
I'm on your head now not Neil or
something like that just black science
man there's a there's a funny picture
with him with his face going around
that's that's like you know something
something so says black science man it's
it's a thing I don't know where to go or
what what's happen I know I know I'm not
too keen about that particular fact
myself right now oh we got a tire uh-huh
you got a tear go to that classroom this
one
what the fuck please beat the fuck out
of me
okay Oh
suck it
nope
oh I see we're both trying to learn the
same thing up and guard no Oh up in
guard is that is that not well we might
have different moves no I hate like Oh
me
I call me jerk jock Let Go me jock jams
nope
fine fine I'll just you know what I'll
just kick you oh yeah your skeleton kid
don't hit anyone in the classroom
everyone ran into that we didn't hit
anyone you were flattered flailing
around fist everywhere so it's possible
that you hit someone I guess was it this
one it was it I think they were in this
one hideout Rio this is the hideout
which she said hideout reached okay find
your seats we have lots to cover
look oh he looks great look at that guy
buh buh buh
what does anyone smoke at Harlem no no
one of the Deb's is in the chat right
now Oh my gourd
we couldn't find where we were going dev
sorry okay wait hey the flock is my gang
he's talking about us this almost
explains why Chris hasn't been around
lately oh there's a Bobo
ha ha ha a Bobo ate bad students
okay
Enoch Kapur tried to get out the door
and I could not do it no no I'm dead
you're dead yeah I'm dead gazebo
murdered me get out this door ah stupid
cops ha ha ha ha
cops good in any universe yeah you're
suck it suck a duck wake up
whoo okay where we going I don't know
down Oh a janitor's job sure that sounds
great great down as an option now
perfect perfect I'm dead I'm I should be
out I lost all my power you're back
you're back
oh I'm sorry I punched that guy then he
punch me back which I guess made sense
because I punched him but wait what's
happening
I can't move cuz I unplugged my
controller rich why the fuck did you do
that because I unplugged it because I
moved it shit there we go okay I'm here
while we're fighting people now we're
fighting people now I said I'm doing
damn it
read the tips y'all will get their coats
right off we'll get their concrete you
just you were playing a little River
City ransom ever loved them yeah money
yeah yeah money are we going down or
what huh ah okay well that way Jimmy
jabs uh let's just double-check yeah
what's over there
wait this is that a rock yes great open
okay not that way
down we go hit the wall I hit the wall
hey I threw a rock at the cop rich eat
it pig shit shit out that right I want
that rock oh I killed me
I want that rock well thank God one of
us had the good sense leave
ah you have a kill jack you got me
killed
I got you killed yeah you threw somebody
at my face
what somebody who threw landed on baby I
I don't have any record left somebody
did a goddamn somersaults on their own I
don't have any recollection of this I
think you're making it up I think you're
trying to smear my good name I think
this is uh this is a smear tactic Lou
oh man that oh god you guys stop going
out of a fucking mirror we're not
playing that tonight right Jesus Christ
look you can call rich look climb with
the motherfucking fence all I want to
get up there yeah yeah guys get it
together how about that how about you
just take a little moment you get it the
go upstairs and to the right baseball
bat oh fuck you kid you leave a room and
come back so I can respond yes shit
I want that baseball bed
okay I'm leaving I have my baseball bat
all right we go back down up to the
right to the right
Oh to the right yeah hey guys like these
guys apparently we do or apparently we
do shit shit fuck you every time I get a
bat you guys take it away from me
turn your dickhead okay they go
yeah bit of them cops cafeteria
sure sure went in oh my god so what
someone threw an ice at me and now mice
fuck games hard it's old-school Jack
sure you threw a guy at me
well well turn about Jack turn about
some of a bitch rich wait they're
fighting each other who's that guy are
you friend or enemy
that was a workout I could use a snack
I think he's friend yeah oh great oh
come on alright great dunk him
oh we gonna be a character okay
I'll try the boxer who were you I was
the yellow guy
I'll try uh I'll try the Mike the
grappler not Glen who was no way
affiliated with the walking dead wait
wait wait wait for me well god this
guy's fast whew
flying uppercut
instead of kicks its rights and left's
oh that's neat
sorry I'm on that's right
okay the Hat is clearly rich Evans he
has an R and I said that's true that's
true does anyone use grapple moves I I
seem to be able to grab people and then
like do a little more damage maybe I
don't know near beer take care for the
breakdancing huh I'd like to break
dancing I just didn't want to you know
wanted to try out some oh wait what's
this
nope nope huh
maybe we're just supposed to get our
friend and then now we're supposed to
have a tea bag maybe down it's so
looking at the champ
you were what looking at the champ I got
knocked off screen there
you cannot defeat the blob the blob is
immovable that's just sounded like the
Bob nothing can stop the blob shit shit
shit
get it get out of my get out of my zone
get out of my zone copper fucking who
the fuck if I slew the fuck Isis me
probably the nerds with chemicals so yep
it's the son of a son of AB or CH get
off my shit get off my shit
what I was fucked oh I was fucking
behind it what
who's that's check out the vent in the
vent end of it okay great whoo whoo jump
up jump wait wait wait wait
all right I'm gonna jump in the one I'm
not much of you dump anything up there
ah yeah no all right
new what what we're going sewer surfing
nope nope how did you do this run run
and jump Oh bump did you know what I'll
take a little time is that yeah yeah
I'll take a little I'll take a little
dead time to do zips hey Oh everybody
okay so from a neo axe so hey guys hope
you're having a good evening I have to
ask though jack what the hell is up with
the poo-poos and peepees song it was a
silly little song that I made a while
ago and I thought it was a goofy thing
and I liked the song so I recorded it
and made a little video with the song
that's the that's the intense story of
the poo-poos peepee song there we go
it was just a song that I was singing
one day and I thought it was funny and
so I made a dumb video which I know
that's the intense story that you want
behind the poo-poos peepee song but
that's that's all I gots
ah and some people like sharing it that
video I think they are so comically and
terrible it's terrible and like so I
think like I think they hope to like
embarrass me by sharing it but it's just
like it's just a dumb song I did man
so every once in a while like I'll see
that that like really chock up and views
that's just like oh man who oh what what
what we go in the mario pipe no we can't
go in the mario but that is totally the
mario fight yes has 100% the mario pipe
absolutely oh oh we know you guys we
don't have to fight you okay great the
hey pass me a beer video went viral
again it did it did it got shared by a
lad Bible which is a popular website
which is great you know doing very very
well over there and you know it's one of
them that's one of those videos that
every once in a while just recycles
those past me and be your videos I love
them let's see here
David in Oh people says Pinot Noir
caviar my Annie Mar mid-sized car you
don't have to be pop you love find out
who your true friends are can't wait for
the new season of Kimmy Schmidt which
comes out May 19th also playing justice
Kimmy Schmidt's a great game what are we
doing Oh hope you did it
Kimmy Schmidt is a fantastic show and I
really enjoy it you know we play all of
the wrong games what do we want to be
playing near and pray right and not this
not this
Oh God Ladd Bible is stealing your views
in people's contents oh it could be look
if I'm linking to your video or
sometimes they steal like and it just
like I get on that huh then get on that
well oh no and see like for the past me
of your video that's that's a commercial
that's not my video that's old
Milwaukee's video so they don't care who
uploads it okay you know as long as
people see it
so oh shit oh shit oh my god what is
happening
I just want to successfully grab someone
from behind that's what I want
ah I'm sorry
Oh up and GART no no Alex you ruined my
chance to do the move no it's not that
was often guard I died
Khan cretin that says I just finished
Castlevania Symphony of the Night for
the first time the game is 20 years old
but I think it holds up today
you guys have an opinion on the opinion
on any of the Castlevania game I like
the first one didn't care much for the
second one but that was most people
I don't know what's happening
Oh a lot of people object huh beating a
lot of people love that I don't I don't
feel like I am Bob neither of us are no
no we're about that because we both died
character select huh
you don't character select I just I poke
right hurly-burly
the hurly-burly she let's try to do a
hurly-burly
oh that's card Oh God
I'm a dummy I'm a dummy rich hey oh
that's not you
god dammit son of a bitch speaking of
Simon's quest what a horrible time for
this cursed Knight has certain effects
take place only at night so plan
accordingly
oh man oh man oh man that's a deep cut
Oh feel like I'm doing this wrong I feel
like I'm doing this all wrong rich
alright let's see what we got here
um dis chair says speaking of cute pixel
art beat em ups with RPG elements you
guys should check out wandering souls
it's a largely unknown free indie game
that is fast paced fun for the whole
team do you just want to do champ stuff
I don't like playing this game sure how
do i how do i bow out how I bow out I
don't want to exit to title I don't know
how about
oh shit you just knocked me down to the
subway
hey eat it eat it bad guys ow
yeah oh and just not go
Oh keep macking me out
Oh does he had not have a double-jump
that's fire they might double jumps
robably something that can get unlocked
sure out all right let's see what we got
here yeah we keep hearing stuff about
wandering Souls I think mostly from you
guys in chat but we have not played it
yet
baba Yaga lawless is I commend you guys
for completing the bayonetta missile
stage inverted but it is possible to
uninvite the controller in that section
thanks for the pc hype a which way to
which section the missile section trying
to run trying to remember which one that
is
I you know what it says you can invert
or uninvite the controls but they didn't
seem to do anything during the missile
section which is the missile section
again where Bane is riding on the
missile the starfox section oh go yeah
Jesus Christ that's the most awful thing
yeah so it says you can but I tried
inverting both and nothing seemed to
change how you controlled the missile so
I thought it was a bit of B to the s
obviously we we talked about it
my mother money money money
hey guys come with me if you want to
live oh that's that's a no-go Oh
son of a bitch
to have a practice screen for hue just
practice combos cuz I know be neat
I would love that well while trying to
monitor chat and do tips it's a hard
time to learn combos who did I don't
know them ah let them work out so well I
think we need to fight these dudes oh I
do have them especially did a specialty
do yeah how do you do that a double tap
on the right shoulder oh I don't have a
specialty boot
where's my specialty do you probably
have
Oh
Wow
that was a legally distinct Dinobot yes
let's go over here
grappling players special is a grapple
yeah but I don't know how to I don't
know how to do it try grapple and the
special button nope
yeah nope I'm just gonna punch him I
have a poke
I got a poke the purple ones the bad guy
that's who we're going after right now
the papal one oh you know you're not the
bad guy even though you're in purple
pants bgb lives is jacked
you should try little nightmares if you
haven't already put this money towards
it it's a platformer puzzler with great
atmosphere and creepy moments yes that
did that does look good I remember there
was some confusion last time someone had
told us it was made by the limbo people
other people just said no it just looks
like it's made by the limbo people so
just one of those that it kind of looks
like limbo or inside Ariel here we go
I'll take a little break yeah I'll take
a little breaker breaky pool and catch
up on chat and tips
the other two people who are fighting
with rich are like the old heroes from
the old game right
playing is one of them now oh you're
playing is one of them now nice okay lah
Jesus hey guys not only is today my
birthday but I also graduated college
today thanks for helping keep me not
bored these past four years get off me
you damn dirty dingus well
congratulations on college and happy
birthday Lahab we appreciate you being
around Doctor Doom it up says hey guys
have you heard have you heard of or
played alien nation it's just like
Helldivers no really I'm not joking it
actually is just like Helldivers fun
twin stick shooter fighting aliens I
know the the movie in the TV show I
can't imagine it's a licensed top-down
twin-stick shooter based off of the
alien nation TV show I don't remember I
don't remember much gunplay yeah ooh I
only got two dollars at 60 cents oh I'll
practice
so here's your here's your answer jack
this is the that's where you practice
the combos that's great that is great
dick gently says hi guys I'm proposing
to my girlfriend soon and I want to let
her father know beforehand so he knows
that I respect him and his blessing any
suggestions on what to say
lol tickle my Dickel I I recommend don't
say tickle my Dickel how do you see the
castle crashers in the background and oh
look isn't that uh what's that indie
game that you like hyper light drifter
hyper light drifter of course need hyper
light drifter 'he's back there I'm sure
that other guy is someone oh that's neat
uh you know I don't I don't know man
that's that's up to you I mean is
g-guard or grapple I assume geeze
grapple because I'm gonna get behind one
of these guys from Frank site here I go
oh why isn't he doing the move I'll try
the other one
up and G up in g shoulder lift up in G
in Full Nelson yeah
there like that that just hole does that
it doesn't do like uh yeah I think it
just holds okay that's less exciting
than than you think uh yes yes it is uh
so you know uh if you want to ask
permission from your girlfriend's father
I would say hey I want to ask your
daughter to marry me that's where I
would start when he says no huh what if
he says no thank I say there you go well
too bad right
too bad some some people like it's a
it's one of those things it's a
tradition I honestly forgot whether or
not I did it I might have I might have
talked to Lisa's dad first but I don't
remember to be quite honest with you so
why bother anyway you know some people
like it and you know what if if you're
thinking about asking her father you
probably know that her father would
appreciate if they're really old-school
yeah but I mean of course if you've been
around for this long anyway I could only
presume you're living together you had
you you know hang out with the family
often enough where they just know it's
coming you don't I think the tradition
goes back to when you would you would
date someone and you know like you
wouldn't you wouldn't move in before you
got married you would go right from
dating to marriage and I've always
talked to people about this like just
move in with someone before you're going
to marry them get get in their personal
space for a little bit I I did not ask
Karen's father for Johnson
partly because you know I live in a
different friggin state okay that's fair
partly because I never honestly I never
thought to oh I I never even thought to
it's not a tradition like that comes my
head often I roll right right no I think
it comes from a time when you know men
and women moved a little slower or
whatever but at this point you guys
should probably be living together you
know I'm sure he knows that it's coming
I think I know it's got to happen here
right this big box
this is Meck Meck Tech then you find out
they're horrible snores they wash their
underwear in the sink next to clean
clothes that are drying they fart up the
bathroom knowing you're next and they
are terrible cook yes Wow look at that
and that's that's why you need to move
in with someone before you get married
to them you need to you to two people
need to share a space that you can't get
away from you can't go back to your to
your own corners and and then if you can
survive that then you should get married
but yeah spend some time and annoy each
other spend some time to really get it
to under each other's skin does a
significant amount of damage oh yeah
Dots85, James, says, James Rolfe
AVGN had an auction selling props
scripts and shit for 20k he donated all
to nonprofits Children Hospital Wish rlm
came up with something like that to
charity streams or anything we've talked
about that about charity streams never
got around to it
Wow were jerks where I'm we're all so
horrible jerks
we'll see if we imagine the anger video
game nerd pulls in more than wait I have
no idea I have no idea rich perhaps
wikis a cultural icon ok sure sure
well look into it how about that oh I
don't know anonymous is the other day I
got Mike's I got a worm in my asshole
song stuck in my head
congratulations I kept cracking up
around the office have you guys ever
gotten fun it's something funny stuck in
your head at the wrong time never laugh
at a funeral no something like that not
that I can think of but you know there
are worse songs to get stuck in your
head then I've got a worm in my asshole
so
okay let's see here wut WTF Jack I
requested that you sign my copy of space
cop once for each of your on-screen
roles and you didn't even sign it once
now I'm all disappointed I don't even
have a player to watch this was did you
did you ask for Jack to sign it when
when you when you purchased it
Brad L Brad l23 did you specifically ask
for me to sign it in the paypal notes
section specifically did you
specifically ask for me to sign it if
you asked for something just generically
signed yeah it's just gonna be me, Mike, and Jay
that's because that's usually
what it is everyone here assumes that if
someone says I want it signed it's by
you know the three people who are here
all the time right if you specifically
say I want it signed by ow
Jay Mike rich and Jack that's how I can do
it and if you did specifically asked for
me to sign it
well yeah I was specific about it then
you have to yell at Mike and Jay because
here here's here's how here's how it
works for me signing things when I come
here on Sundays and Wednesdays and then
you know if there's ever like a best of
the worst shooter or whatever that in
the office they are there are usually
things laid out with little notes that
says Jax I'm is Jax I miss Jax I miss I
signed them all and that's how it works
they have to lay it out for me if it was
not laid out for me I didn't see it so I
didn't sign sign anything so you have to
yell at Mike and Jay for that Mike and or
Jay and I'm very sorry bruh Dell that Mike
and jr. terrible listeners and terrible
business people the blame game yeah
pretty much I mean Jake is not at fault
here if there was something in there for
him to sign it would be sitting there
over the notes is Jack signed this Jack
sigh yep
would attention Jack Packard on the
letter front be enough as if it says
have Jack sign it once for each of his
on-screen roles
wait letter a letter what do you mean
letter Oh No
did they send in the cover in the mail
no no he said he wrote a PayPal note the
other thing you can do
Verdell is send us the insert back mail
it back to us and say hey you guys
messed up
I want a jack to sign this I will then
sign it and again put it a little note
that says hey once for each of your
on-screen roles all right I suck too
much to make money really second bad
hair tonight huh so I'm very sorry bird
up mr. Steve Harvey Oswald's as rich did
anyone give you shit for eating a cop
hotdog with ketchup in space cup what do
you mean you had a hotdog would just
catch it why is that I why is it a give
you shit kind of thing it's it's a weird
it's is that that's uh that's very
minimalistic condiment wise hmm I hate
mustard
I know you hey Mel Street I really like
well you know I was just simple what we
had to I mean we had dogs and I got some
ketchup in the fridge fun well cuz you
like anyone with mustard
what'd you do I'm gonna do catch a
bedbug you don't want an empty dog you
that look that'll that looks weird yeah
you need something on it you need
something on a little mustard or a
little ketchup on it's fine but it's
comma we had
I need to stop being bad let's see here
and Jack I know you like vey Might Be
Giants you dig ween at all like like
everyone who grew up in the 90s I was
obsessed with their push the little
daisies and make them come up song you
remember that song you're pushing a
little put your little daisies in up and
come up push your little daisies and
make them come up Oh weand was yeah no
it's oh it's so weird Ritchie with you
would probably not like them at all
there it's there like a weird art rock
band and what about Primus I love Primus
I'm down with Primus all the time my
name is mud
but yeah we and I don't really know them
besides push the little daisies and make
them come up and that and their their
cameo appearance in NV its Pat movie did
you hurt CD it's Pat movie and
apparently not oh yeah you're familiar
with it we was a was a special guest on
the its patents I have to beat up this
imposter
yes you do I might like ween I just you
know I heard the pushed a little Daisy
song and that's Jack nobody thought it
was a fantastic failure I saw it
I watched it right right before I watch
Stewart saved his family if you remember
that other classic SNL movie Stewart
saves his family anonymous says hey guys
just finished playing blood-borne I
found the storytelling so fascinating I
was able to write a 16 page research
paper on it for a history class and get
a 95 thanks for the recommendation fuck
yeah
blood-borne is a great game great game
in a great world full of history full or
it's also a world that you can very
easily ignore all of that history and
lore and just slice up monsters it's the
best of both worlds rich
ooh wasps guys cool whoa nice hurricane
kick hurricane kick some blue guy in
chances hey guys since you were checking
tips now I'd like to suggest that you
guys try out everything yes that's the
name it's a weird game on Steam where
you can play as literally everything in
existence I've heard of this title I've
heard of this title everything
nerd Oh a doesn't running head button
there's a running head button yeah
nice I like this character
let's see what we got here
I missed the shopping centers that
didn't have a bunch of enemies running
around them though anonymous is Jack any
thoughts on the latest Fargo episode
three the law of non-contradiction lots
of great guests cinematography and
references in this one before returning
to the real plot yeah that was a weird
that was a weird detour fruit I mean Mac
from his Always Sunny was in there and
that was great and of course he played
the best role that Mac can play which is
a dickhead police officer and that was
fantastic
but it it was very strange they just
didn't have a ton to do with the main
thrust of the story but I can kick some
ass with this guy okay cool I'm enjoying
that nice but uh it's still a fine
episode fine episode it was just it was
just weird cuz like nothing really
happened like the only thing that
happened was the the characters on the
show finally caught up with what the
audience is already knew so it was weird
it was fine it was good acting though
like it always is Fargo's Fargo's good
TV man
Fargo's good TV anonymous says hey guys
I hope you got my gift from GOG from
Wednesday you guys are great I always
enjoy your streams even when you're
playing a game I don't care for ya you
gifted us the the Star Wars game on GOG
appreciate that I think that was the one
you were talking about with us saying it
was a very good game we did get that and
thank you we appreciate it
the mess was true you did learn a lot
about the stepfather but you know does
that really matter what are you doing
about them I'm trying to have a
conversation about Fargo without
spoiling anything Oh in case anyone
hasn't seen season three yet so it's
good TV rich it's good TV all right
that's what it is anonymous is rich
do you like Mario yeah why wouldn't I if
so what is your favorite Mario game 2d
or 3d it's a kind of different beast
2d uh from the world it's my world let's
get all it's a fine choice fine choice
3d sunshine actually Oh sunshine is
beautiful I am sunshine doesn't get
enough credit nobody liked the the water
guns and I thought the water guns were
fun
Oh water gums great addition yeah water
gun was super fun hover nozzle for life
ha right or spring good how do we make
platforming in 3d not suck so much and
it's just such a great idea I always
loved the spring the ground in front of
you so you could like slide and go super
fast those awesome yeah Super Mario
Galaxy had some really fun levels - I
liked that a lot
- I got my River City back on do it rich
you got it um yeah
some are makers fantastic which is just
like Super Mario forever Jack do you
like beer oh come on anonymous haven't
you been around of course I like beer if
so what is your favorite alcoholic drink
thanks guys yeah beers my favorite
alcoholic drink and it's getting real
close to summertime which means we are
almost to summer beer season which is a
grapefruit Rob ler and gin over ice
which is one of my favorites if not I
enjoy
Caze anything with a really where with a
really high alcohol content so I don't
have to drink too many of them as I'm
trying to be very calorie conscious from
Fire Emblem fangirl says thanks to you
and our lamb over the past two years as
I have fought breast cancer the laughs
helped me get through the days stuck in
the hospital or in my bed keep up the
good work well hey first thank you good
good keep up that fight man that if this
if listening to some assholes chitter
and chatter helps you with your fight
that's the heck that's great
those are the messages that make it AJ
yeah all right just makes you make go
the cockles the cockles of my heart
they're all warm oh this guy kicks ass
Jackie drink summer Shandy no no I don't
know I don't much care for summer Shandy
I forget who makes it the someone makes
a this grapefruit rod ler it's like a
grapefruit juice soda beer that you have
over ice with like two fingers of gin
and it's beautiful how many times is
rich going to go into the screen where
should I go next yeah I know I'm trying
to I'm honest I'm just trying to grind a
bit you're grinding forecasts oh yeah
learn new moves yeah yeah
whoa whoa settle down rich let's see
here I thought maid says vine sauce is
having a charity stream soonish and as a
big fan
why not ask to be a small-time guest
that way you can make fun of girls
losing their hair to their faces wait
what why are we making fun of girls
losing their hair what have we ever done
this look at the charity if we're done
what are you talking about I've on mage
making fun of girls losing hair first of
all we were making fun of the breast
cancer when we never did no no I think
this is this is something else first of
all I would never make fun of anyone
losing their hair look at me I can't say
anything about anybody's hair so I have
no idea what you're talking about there
I thought mage that's that's a very
weird statement probably probably a joke
that made sense in I've on mages head
yeah and if we just don't get it
we'll see if I have on mage has any sort
of explanation for his joke hey get out
of there you fuck yep yeah fuck I don't
some I've on mages not explaining I'm a
delegate oh hey Bannon Rudess is back
and is apparently the dev of the game
Bannon Rudess rich has finally found a
character that I think I'll get my
groove on yeah
kicks a ton of ass in so he's grinded
for some cash at the moment but yes we
might it might what we might need some
help finding out where to go Bannon
Rudess is here in the chat anyone want
to talk to one of the game devs if
Bannon Brutus is a game dev he also just
that could just be some random person
saying I'm a game dev that is always
possible we have no confirmation of this
presumably I don't think is there a way
to go up there probably up there I think
we went up there
we've already been talking to him but
did anyone confirm that it's really him
it's great that you've all been talking
to him but I know we've been talking to
him you just noticed yeah ow shit all
right I need food oh god run run you
have money
I know I have money I know spend your go
spend your money where do I get food I
want to lose all the money well go spend
it go spend your money
so what are you going where you go Snack
attacks clothes rich why are they closed
Oh God the mechs gonna come isn't it oh
do you stuff to defeat the mech Omega
nope nope want food oh I don't want to
any golf course I like mini-golf but not
right now you're gonna run into it
you're gonna run into an embosser Ridge
this is not a smart strategy I need to
say Jack I've ever seen don't be a
menace to South Central while drinking
your juice in the hood yes yes I have
I've seen many of the way enza's or the
the the Wayans brothers parody movies in
general I enjoy that one that's a fine
parody don't be a menace I also enjoy
their I'm gonna get you sucka go see
that one I'm gonna get you maybe when I
first came out but that was a long time
ago now if that killed you risk if
that's no just go back to the gym and
just spend your money right probably the
best idea and then figure out figure out
the whole getting food business later
Monty Python sure I like my Python
everybody likes my Python
they're funny dudes they're funny dudes
so the mechai gone for good
did I miss my chance at the beat in the
Met game if I have to go up to the box
again
but even standing by the box ok I will
see we'll see the blue prism says hey
fellas good evening I'm still playing
through thief gold since rich
recommended it to me a week or so ago
and I'm liking it very much good rich do
you consider metal metal age to be
better than
Gold from a gameplay perspective
perspective yes from stories perspective
no but okay well there you go Chris for
a while oh oh I don't have enough for
the biggest son someone jump knuckle
we'll get it we'll get right we're gonna
jump get a jump knuckle bosses show up
when you clear a room mrs. Bannon so you
need to clear the arcade first I guess
okay all right all right
gut kick or a goal kick what's the
difference a gut kick might stun someone
goal kick might kick them away which
could be very helpful
stay golden Ponyboy stay golden there
you go okay there oh oh why am I not
dead what that's a great question let's
see here's some blue guy chances to
expand on eyes on mages tip that vine
sauce charity stream is coming up soon
and I think a little crossover stream
that day would be great I think Jenny
would really appreciate it
since he's a fan we talked to Vinny we
were on his show that Vinny vine sauce
right yeah we did a little we did a
little thing with venom not against the
idea right if if Vinny is looking for
people you know I'm sure he'll reach out
so you know I grew up with the Canadian
Monty Python kids in the hall all kids
in the hall is beautiful that's a
beautiful show always beautiful kids in
the home
let's say here huff hearted says hey
Jack have you been keeping up with
Doctor Who if so what do you think of
Capaldi writ uh rich give it another
shot
much like Star Trek it gets much better
as it develops I watched like most of a
season and it wasn't doing it for me man
I don't know no I don't know like
obviously I'm a big Doctor Who fan and
if rich made it through most of season
one and still isn't convinced more
doctor isn't going to convince him
because it's it kind of just distills
from that you might want to give it a
try once the new doctor comes in once
it's no longer under that cart because a
lot of people like David Tennant better
right but I hear you I hear you Ricky oh
oh you don't need to right in the face
saying I know I have not watched I
haven't watched in a long time I don't
think I stopped watching a little bit
after the the Angels Take Manhattan
which is and then the season after that
I I stopped watching a couple episodes
in because it had gotten so bad and
every episode was getting worse and the
doctor was making terrible decisions
that the doctor would make and then
switching his character halfway through
it I thought the writing was really bad
so I haven't seen any of Capaldi and I
know there's a new companion who I
haven't seen anything of and once once
Moffitt's done being the showrunner
maybe I'll start watching again but
Moffat has absolutely screwed the pooch
as far as Doctor Who's concerned in in
my opinion
and I hated I hated what was her name
Clara who's the companion
Barbarella barber if I hit Barbarella I
hated her she was terrible chicken
flavored chicken too we we will not be
discussing guardians to because rich
hasn't seen it a lot of people on the
chat haven't seen it a lot of people
chat haven't seen it just came out this
weekend here in the States
the only thing I'll say is I I didn't
much care for it and I'll get into that
more after rich sees it we can have it
we can have a proper discussion about
guardians to I remember seeing the first
guardians with you and Jay and Mike and
both you and I kind of came out feeling
the same way for the first guardians
which was like yeah yeah yeah yeah he's
fine it's the third act that kills it
for me right I really hate the last
chunk of that movie yeah and but it was
it was just really funny cuz like both
Mike and Jay coming out of the first
guardians were like wow that was really
great and both rich and I were like so
I'm not that great you know you know fun
characters fun characters um
Starkiller I will go into in-depth
explanation as soon as I have someone to
talk to with it about so rich will see
it will have a nice big long
conversation about why I didn't much
care for it
I've heard mochi I've heard Peter
Capaldi's doctor who is good I'm it's
Matt Smith was never my doctor who
problem that I liked Matt Smith as the
doctor Moffat as showrunner was the
problem I didn't like him I didn't like
Clara the the companion I thought she
was super weak you know I know the real
fan but I don't I all so don't want to
spoil it because like a lot of my issues
will go into spoiler territory 'he's
breaking news what reports of mugging at
grotto mall i almost hit a civilian oh
you got the cops called on you yes I did
oh my god rich I don't know if I
mentioned this you guys are the only
game review people I wanted to play this
game top of the list truly so this
pleases me ever so by the way says
Bannon Rudess rich vana we came in III I
didn't really prove some reason I didn't
hear about this yeah I heard about this
earlier today and I just like we're
playing this tonight that was the thing
we were talking about we shot a thing
earlier today and usually we show up and
kind of hem and haw about what we're
gonna play you gotta play well maybe
maybe name whatever arts whatever you
want to play it's very loose here but
today rich like he woke up early he
texted me out of what 11 o'clock
texting me of bright and early at 11:00
this morning to be like we are playing
River City ransom underground today
alright all right rich all right I want
to fight that mech guy van that in this
little health okay i'll granny maybe
I'll get something else
what cause one of the cops go away what
are the mechanics behind the police
that's a great question do they not stop
until you've been caught what's say you
Bannon Rudess hey how do we get these
cops off our nuts the man the man's
keeping us down we got a problem with
the man and they're keeping us down
shark's piercing you have to go back
into the safe house to make them go away
okay how do I refill my health I haven't
seen like a food store or Bannon says
you can defeat everyone in an area and
hide in a dumpster
that's a parent Lee a real thing or get
on a subway you can get on a subway so
look into that they're gonna getting in
a subway I'm kind of curious what
healing Bannen we need to heal how do we
heal that step mother I'd like to not
resolve myself to lose half my money
which I just did Oh wah wah wah
West Coast has the most important
question for your ban and also when is
this coming out on the switch so we can
play it on the toilet
that's a great question this is supposed
to come up with which I know I told you
about this and you're like I said that
bring a controller you like what what's
wrong with your your switch job thing oh
I assumed it was a switch because well
because you said bring your pro
controller so I thought you meant like
the Nintendo no no the Xbox the Xbox one
right so I I this this is old-school
Nintendo I assume it'll be on the switch
this is prime you gotta get a publicist
I just heard about this today he says
like the original game the items never
say what they do but you have to get
food you have to get food oh god I need
to find a shop that sells food out or I
can make them way too that our Kade well
I got some health and fight the guy oh
yeah try to fight back yeah
remember that movie the interview with
Seth Rogen and James Franco and North
Korean man remember how everyone forgot
it five minutes after came out I do and
by the way I think the interview is a
really funny movie I generally don't
care for Seth Rogen but I genuinely
laughed at the interview so remember you
have to defeat everyone else first yeah
yeah but I really liked the interview I
thought they had that had some quality
gags quality games by the way I'm kind
of insulted by your stock nerds here
that's a it's a horrible ugly stereotype
it's also it's an ugly story it's also
that old-school kind of game where it's
full of stereotype
yeah I know in Chad I know Mike and J
really likes guardians too I watched I
watched their their half in the bag last
night on it and I just disagree with
them which is ok oh oh you broke
Commission reports of vandalism at the
arcade rich nice can you get in the
mecca he gets out
shit she taking me to the room what what
he brought you into the bathroom he
ended the fight by bringing me into the
bathroom how very strange how very very
strange I'm entitled my wrong opinion
Thanks three market like it we'll get
into this
how long so you need to like defeat
everyone yeah how crazy
how weird how very very weird right
let's see here oh gee Archimedes has
first time watching live been watching
our LEM for years thanks for all the
great entertainment well thanks for
watching love them you love them we
appreciate you watching Anonymous's
weird question have either of you ever
pulled a muscle in your diaphragm no I
did the other day just from unexpected
sneeze and it hurts to just breathe it's
up there near kidney stone pain ha how
very very strange anonymous no I've
never pulled a muscle in my diaphragm a
rich by the way congratulations Bannon
Rudess a game developer for this very
game has never seen him drag anyone into
the bathroom before maybe there's stuff
about this guy you don't know yeah I
don't think you should be working for
you man this is dragging people off
under the Bab dragging people into the
bathroom wiliness I got you now you're
coming to the bathroom with me you're
gonna end up on To Catch a Predator oh
all right no how about how about a
little nope
when lost all of his power no oh no rich
not all of his power try going into the
subway I want to fight that guy
oh all right man we're gonna fucking
make you happy I just want to see what's
down here we haven't been down here yet
probably a fuckin subway train I guess
well you can go to different areas on
saying you jerk
yeah I think you totally missed the
point of the film we are you talking to
me are you talking other people in the
chat
Adam aglow probably other people in chat
may use now sometimes they just don't
feel like talking to us rich they just
they get into their own frames it's fine
Jack that's fine that's fine let's say
you know we already asked that and I was
dots 85 says thanks for the near stream
beautiful game great visuals and music
reminds me of Final Fantasy just with
hack and slash would have missed it
without you guys all so how was your
root canal did the dentist fix it yes
yes my teeth have been pain-free since I
got my my root canal the second root
canal on the same effing tooth no fun at
all something I need a weapon to break
open that oh maybe
Bannen has given you a little advice
Richa you really need to follow up with
some attack after his hurricane kick you
got a you got a mash a little bit after
the hurricane kick
oh hey runaway cool
how interesting
oh yeah did they have to make your new
crown that shit is expensive are they
yeah that was that was part of it that's
Pope subway ow ow poop dick making some
fine points poop dick making some points
what points for those be about stuff
about stuff I've on mesas remember that
time where I asked rich a person is
losing to Mario Kart and was a big fan
then rich makes a joke about them not
losing their hair ah
I don't but I say losing your hair
charity stream Plus big fan joke equals
bad odds sorry this might have been
never joking about why wasn't she here
who the girl if she's a fan why isn't
she here the one who was in the Mario
Kart race the reference the thing he's
referencing okay somebody had a tip yeah
said there's a girl racing somebody on
Mario Kart another streamer who's a fan
of yours I said if she's a fan of ours
why isn't she here jokingly yeah yeah
whatever and I didn't say anything about
losing hair though was it a weird
misinterpretation I have no idea I know
I can barely say words haha maybe you
said maybe you said why isn't she hair
yeah
then why isn't she hair what it's
another reference Oh from wrestling yeah
pro wrestling on the NES from a winner
is you oh let's
oh man shocked full of references
anonymous says butthole thanks for the
tip anonymous I really make this a great
stream you really you you people you're
the best you know what sometimes they're
there sometimes and out it's fine it's
fine rich everything's gonna be fine
everything is gonna be fine fine all the
time are we have we read the thing they
wrote the thing we said the thing and
then that's great how do I like but
dumpling epic Jason that's a that's a
phrase I haven't used before never call
anyone a butt dumpling no never in my
life it sounds stupid oh yeah I like it
but dumpling I'm down with that and I'm
done with but dumplings
yeah dots 85 says when I was a kid and
brave at the doctor I got ice cream so
you should have had one too
$5 for a huge ice cream and for the
woman too and another one for the not
picky kid just to prevent jealousy
thanks that's I appreciate that
ice cream but you know what ice cream
after going to the dentist probably
would not be the smartest idea like II
just I just had my teeth fixed they
don't need to be shut covered in sugar
and cream afterwards what's me know I'm
I a young there's a little I see a lot
of guardians to talk in the chat and
there are many things that I really want
to say and and I'm gonna I'm going to
save it over at you on the court you're
pulling the cord that's there we go
there you go
so basically it's just a it's just a I'm
it's just a man dancing by a bus stop
oh no it's not dunce it's not about my
tooth will no longer be sensitive to
cold it's just you know say after you go
to the dentist you kind of don't want to
eat anything for a while just because uh
your teeth just got cleaned and fixed at
least I don't yes and everyone please be
respectful of any chatters who have not
of any chatters who have not yet seen
guardians to so please no spoilers in
chat no spoilers
I got enough enough pop up yeah yeah
yeah why not pop people up no I'm not a
high enough level Jack he's calling me a
wuss you get your level up man get your
level up aha double dragon auto shop
Bandon so like whose job was it to like
did you guys just make a list of
everything you wanted to reference and
then it's like shove it in where you can
or did it come about like we just need
something in the background here well
double drag the people who originally
made River City ransom yeah also made
Double Dragon okay and I'm not 100% sure
but they might actually technically be a
part of the same series oh because when
they imported this stuff to the US they
didn't care about whatever story and
they just put some in the manual right
so there might I could be wrong but
there might even be a story connection
between River City ransom and Double
Dragon in the original Japanese oh how
fun
yeah I like them
I like it
that chicken burger led Jim led jambon
cafe oh here you go
there we go now we're talking rich we
got some food now
now you can stock up on food and go back
and fight that nerd do it
fight the nerd fight eh such a nerd rich
take out the nerd so offensive
well I got bonus health from that whoo
what did you have a chicken shake yeah
ah anonymous says rich Evans is a butt
dumpling thanks anonymous rebel bases
hey guys what are your thoughts on
Ridley Scott's plan to make a sequel to
the original alien is grandpa off his
meds grandpa's office meds grandpa's
cashing in grandpa needs the money
apparently III don't know I don't know
what it is like this this new this new
alien covenant already just looks like a
remake of alien do right do we need
another sequel to the original alien
here's a here's an honest question for
him yeah do we need any more alien
movies like at all do we really need
that do we needed to know there's some
good movies in there and good movies can
be made from that property right can you
do something different with it to make
it worthwhile
will they I I think they've tried that
and it turned out weird right I'm just
not making them but just stop making
them right or just like if you want to
make another like space horror movie do
that just don't call it alien you know
it would be really cool come up with a
different monster would that be neat see
a different monster in space different
space monster not a creativity that
would take create and I wouldn't have a
built-in audience you know like that's
something that that we don't see a lot
of as like spiritual sequels where it's
like just make a spiritual sequel to
alien but making about something else
Ridley Scott
they do they love money oh I get it
can I please see a future destroyed by
Xenomorphs like that could be fun sure
at least that you know that would be
something different yeah
pathetic humans desperately trying to
survive on a planet run by Xenomorphs
and next isn't that really aliens is
that really kind of okay guys so we've
kind of seemed that well okay so that
but just on a bigger scale would be fun
okay like a zombie movie but with aliens
instead of zombies sure yeah this is my
weak pitch that's a very weak pitch
that's my weak pitch but you know what
someone just heard that and heard dolla
sign's
Ridley Scott has typed up the script as
I was saying
I know I have the unpopular opinion I
didn't see any more Star Wars movies
after Return of the Jedi oh yeah we told
you sorry as a fine three movie they
told you story good job you tried
something new with the prequels it
failed spectacularly and then you went
back to the well just doing the same
thing again and we don't really need it
yeah make a dead space movie based off
of dead space - oh yeah that could that
space was uh that was a fun game the
little we played of it OOP death pit
jack gasp it's alright yes or no would
you go see the band death pit you know
nothing about them and where you see you
seeing a flyer that death pit is playing
at your local music place a lot of
fuckin noise you know can I just listen
to them on YouTube nope you have to
choose whether you see them live I would
probably go see deathbed they're
probably gonna be a really terrible
heavy-metal damn yeah but like because
they're called death pit I'm hoping that
they at least have a sense of humor and
I bet it'll be a fun show they ain't
gonna be no GWAR they ain't gonna be no
GWAR but guar s
Jerris bitch so what does it pop-up doom
what pop-up the thigh oh I couldn't
fortify that mind
I didn't know or you weren't at the
right level for the yeah I yeah no if
you know everything says I was offered
free Nickelback tickets once I turned
them down
that was the smart choice know if you're
no Navy no one needs Nickelback in their
life oh great
what's up
oh I lost a ton of health Oh God you did
for my older ma'am
important important gobbledygook says
took fam to see guardians of the galaxy
vol 2 it was the greatest Father's Day
present from myself to my ego
I am always curious about Howard the
Duck no please Jack Rich Howard the Duck
Disney speculation boobs
III know Howard the Duck is a is a
fantasy project of James Gunn seriously
oh yeah yeah he really like he wants to
make a Howard the Duck movie which is
why his cameo was in Guardians 1 the
only person on the face of the earth who
doesn't absolutely loathe Howard the
Duck I'm fine with Howard the dark yeah
and you know especially with the really
good box office that Guardians volume 2
has been having eventually Disney's
going to get to that point where they
say you know what James Gunn you make
that Howard the deaf movie you do
whatever you write right I know you know
the first Guardians did very well
box office wise the second one is
prepared to do very well so I'm sure if
oh look at this all the credits ha ha oh
that's ow that's adorable
oh I tell you what I would do I would
100% go to see James guns Howard the
Duck movie without a prob with out
question
oh we're gonna map know that you have an
objective yeah what's your objective
where is it Bandon warehouse I'll need
to get his attention
Oh huh how do I use the food items to
Tom it's a great question what oh you
used one barely you used one
you know I like that sometimes they just
all run away because you're just too bad
yeah he's too bad the master of potatoes
and the dead must die those are the
names of the movies right now at the
cinema tour iam I love cinema tour iam
great and uh Bannon is back saying left
trigger button just two quick eat BT
Dubbs rich ow ow kick me when I'm down
dirt who's bad rich Evans as bad as this
character he's bad

[Part II]
let's see here Anonymous's I just
realized that rich is the wildly more
successful Jar Jar of our LM you're the
key to our LM working and a funnier
character than they've had before and
you never go too far in some places yeah
yeah yeah the things hi jack do it yeah
Oh Glen sense sadness behind that smile
it's adorable that's adorable listen I
agree then rich rich is what makes is
what makes rlm tick without rich it
would be a very different work
environment the videos would would have
a lot less life to them the least
talented person here though that's you
say that until you get us in front of a
camera and we're no good
every time richard laughs my wife looks
over from across the room and I'm
wearing a headphone oh wow right that's
the thing rich rich is a presence he is
a present scotch dang it
rich you're being instructed to go into
that Motel hotel there's a Motown out
there and you're being instructed to get
into hotel hideout so you can go here to
get rid of the cops yeah yeah can you
sleep in the bed to regenerate out miss
wings is also kind of a save here or
something right uh does not appear to be
able to sleep oh what's on the TV
nothing sure you don't want any more of
this no no I I was not doing very well
at all well doesn't matter I was uh I
was uh you know I used up all of my
muscle memory and twitch gaming skills
on the game we played earlier today
hey you write too much about answered
tips sometimes you know we're here to
play games jacket sometimes it's just
what we got to do i I agree rich I'm
just I'm just in a talking mood today
can you stuff in here and that is a safe
point on oh you can store stuff in there
in life store stuff like what kind of
stuff you can store stuff in the motel
and it is a safe point now
that's true dream I think AI would have
been doing better if rich didn't keep
throwing dudes at me oh shit that
spinning balls not good is it
wrecking ball in this there comes on
yeah yeah you know I don't know we're
safe
Oh weapons ban and says you can store
weapons okay at the hotel huh Wow
ready got cake I'm saying how a lot I'm
sorry you are it's because I'm into it
that's I think that's what's great about
it give me my money give me my money
right like everyone's looking for a
fight but everyone sucks oh you just
take their money I'm just a mugger
you're you know you're charging them for
karate lessons lesson number one duck
lesson number two I'm gonna hit you with
your own friend duck
you would have money Oh what can you go
in there and save the day
probably not Oh
or maybe I might have to come here later
that's possibility that's crazy that's
crazy what's happening over there go
into the phone booth go into the phone
booth go into the phone booth I cannot
oh sorry I thought you could go in that
door no no pink elephant come on what
you guys got what you guys got now just
getting cocky rich I like it I like it
Oh rich there's a shortcut aside come
dad you did it you know what I actually
have not seen michael mann's heat I have
been told by very reliable sources that
heat is one of the greatest movies ever
made and I do know it's getting
rereleased
soon oh hey yeah we know this place I
know it's on my list of movies to see
it's supposed to be one of the greatest
cops and robbers movies ever made rich
have you ever seen heat no I've seen
like a like a shootout from an on the
youtubes sure good quality it's supposed
to be great it's supposed to be
fantastic and I've been told to watch it
by many people and is top on my list
yeah
all these dang nerds rich they keep
throwing their nerd stuff at you look
that one's throwing his virginity
standard joke not the greatest joke but
I was insulting I thought I thought it
was insulting yeah that's what I was
going for that's what I was going for so
insulting that's what I was going for
great Bannon says I'll ask this one more
time should I join Rich's game and show
off hi yeah why not if that's something
you can do do it it probably is
something that advice wise moreover I
have that it may they made the game yeah
then probably they probably have the ins
and outs of reverse I ran aground ion or
very least I would hope they do man and
you are officially invited how do we do
this that's the real question
how hot is there some bit of Settings
thing I got to do here hold on
I'm waiting I'm gonna see if I need to
level up more before I can buy that $30
move sure I probably do before you die
get in that house and buy that thing
blustery kick alright alright I'll hop
on Steam you'll have to add me I will
get on that wob wreck since you guys
know why Mike dislikes video games so
much um Mike Mike loves being productive
yes he likes getting stuff done and he
views video games as the antithesis of
getting stuff done in video games in
video games you're getting fixed things
done alright so let's all tab we have to
add then or something right uh hold on
one more tip Huff hard and says hey guys
while enjoying rich saying ow every time
he gets hurt
hit I was wondering are you more audible
gaming alone or was someone in the room
I find that I talk a lot more when I'm
playing alone oh I think I'm more
audible with someone in the room me too
I'm rather silent when I play games by
myself yeah mostly just like usually
like Lisa's in the other room and if she
overheard me talking she'd probably
think I was crazy
she probably think I was crazy
alright you know Mike Mike made the
original mr. Plunkett reviews just for
Vaughn we didn't we didn't have any
fucking subscribers on YouTube yet
that's true
you know you know what might not have
happened if Mike did video games in a
spare time that's true he would have
been he would have a yeah he would have
been bored and he's like oh you know
what I'll blow off some steam playing
Halo or world Warcraft
but it's Starfleet Academy Sheriff
you're good so and then it but instead
of that he took his free time and made
the plenty of reviews Apple those that
might be a bad idea if you send us your
design outline for a game we might not
be like we might not be very supportive
also we might not know how to read a
design outline you know who would be
better to send that to the game dev that
is currently in our chat Hey putting
that out there putting that out there
all right how do we uh as rich CAD and
all the achievements for X come I don't
I don't care at all about achievements I
don't try to get them so probably not
but I'm not what do I need to do the
last chief I don't I don't give any
fucks what's so bad about World of
Warcraft no it's just a game that people
spend a lot of time in it was just an
example of a game that people spend a
lot of time and I'm not I'm certainly
not saying anything bad about World of
Warcraft Oh mom Bannon what's your last
name Bannon Rudess this nope never been
eroded let's just do steam
there's multiple balances demon add me
on Steam free you haven't already I
don't we don't know what your steam name
is van they send us send us that one of
them send us one of them whispers
whisper at us Bannen Rudess and and I'll
take a look at your whisper take a look
at you whisper and the whisper me your
steam name and then all I envy one steam
kind of whisper can I say I think it's
chief ones are just the dumbest fucking
thing no I like achievements that's fine
I don't care if you like it you okay I I
don't have any interest in the concepts
it's like replacing game content with
pretend game content they can but it
could also be I missed it Batman and I
missed it can't you scroll oh yes
boom and boom I'll just we'll get hit
rid of wonder hold on paw Paw's who's
got who hasn't been on in the longest
and they're gone ah damn boom 57 yes
brother some 78 go with it ow wait I
know I didn't do it again
so 70 oh here look at this one
that's that's digging up there you go I
don't have them in online 127 days
unfriend I'm sorry it's nothing personal
boom unfriended
okay we just invited you we just invited
you Bannon to be Rich's friend we also
still have no confirmation that you
actually are a game dev you just seem to
be someone who seems to know a lot about
this game they more trustworthy than we
should the day usually I'm the sucker
usually you're the one saying like hey
maybe we should look into this you did
today you're saying hey but uh but I
think it's achievable unki right sure
you play spelunky you go through the
game you like eventually you go through
the full game and you're like oh wow
I've done all the things in the game and
then you see that achievement to say hey
what if you can do the whole beat the
whole game in under ten minutes and it's
like oh yeah let's try that and then it
gives you a new way to play the gun
don't give me a stupid steam achievement
make it a part of the game and have like
an unlockable attach to it you get
infinite jumps are infinite gunshot gun
after you do that it's is that instead
it's an easy way to get a little more
playtime out of a game you're working
for something you remember Spider Man on
the PlayStation one PlayStation 1
PlayStation 1 I don't know there were
like a hundred different unlockable
costumes that you could use in the game
Bannen Rudess richest team name is chard
ch ard you have a friend request from a
chard CH AR doors going ah you got the
mouse you can hand me ahead to me if you
want but why
to do what oh you mean they do have I've
never run that say I got that backwards
like we had to click on the thing but
you sent the thing yeah I sent the thing
why is Jack's voice so deep today we are
right before one I'm a little hungover
today that usually makes you boys a
little deeper to right before we
streamed rich and I shot a thing and
there was a lot of talking involved so
I'm losing my voice a little bit
a what's the difference between an
achievement and a star or coin you grab
while one ain't running through a
platformer well the star coin you grab
while running through the platformer
might actually have some effect on the
game itself and I have never been a
completionist rarely out sometimes I
wonder yeah you know I'm close enough
anyway I'll 100% I'll do all the things
they need to do but usually okay ban
saying you should start an online game I
don't have to exit probably should I say
first well you just say you just saved
when you went to the thing all right all
right
start online how do we start online
probably not this one I think you have
to go to get out of it go to lobby hosts
friends only game like that yeah why not
what up
my characters hideout
okay go ready lap whoa what Oh
uh what do I go I don't know what I'm
doing with online anything I really
don't know you don't wanna land game
did I not change them friends only yeah
should be a button right okay yeah
ready hey butter does nothing oh you
know me you know you know why why my
difficulties so far wait a button
doesn't do anything sorry you're saying
yeah right now it's doing nothing okay
erm unless we're waiting for somebody
joint I don't maybe are we do we have am
i viewable right now on Steam do we need
to turn on like we on online mode what
oh sure double check that too maybe
that's it you're on your honor it's
usually you are you are offline yeah no
that way every there we go now things
might be working less I need to restart
the game or something we'll see
you're online now great love my acting
and the rlm Guardians number to review
thank you you know you didn't realize my
acting was monotone ha ha ha excuse me
by definition very bad acting
ok can hit a now no wait I hit start and
that goes to this okay sure
yeah well that takes me here okay lobby
okay friends only game great hit the
button okay and alright let's see here
do we have to invite somebody or
something I never play online I'm such a
helmet I'm a gaming hermit yeah I'm not
in LAN I'm on he did friends that he did
friends only shack soda rich hasn't seen
guardians to yet I didn't much care for
it I'm not gonna be able to see it until
the next weekend because I want to see
with Karen and she's gonna be working a
lot of shows we will probably talk about
it next Sunday give everyone a chance to
see it and then we will do it this late
oh hey all right well oh my god like
those sweet-ass moves
oh this is your controller this is you
this is that controller what pick up the
other control oh that's you technically
you can switch that out huh you want to
play no this is just to the Devgan
showoff yeah you play for a bit
wait you want me to play yeah I'm gonna
you'll knock your socks off we get to
switch off I don't care
good vibe right Trey Glynn huh try Glen
a boxer all right
okay are we waiting for other people or
no no really
and then just start if you can leave the
door wait what what who's this now well
that's obviously our deaf friend who was
Bannen who was great at this okay great
they have look at the money they have oh
Jesus Christ
alright yep alright that's right let's
rock and roll let's rock and roll
Jack didn't get his check for Marvel
right I didn't get my check for Marvel
so I didn't much care for guardians
how do you do super moves double tap the
the red shoulder bottom for him will
none of us says hijack and rich loved
the stream I'm curious if either of you
have seen in Bruges and birds in Bruges
Rui yeah
and what you think of it it's one of my
favorite films but is often overlooked
well obviously I am not familiar with it
I've read calm fair hold down the right
stick you do a fist bump yeah um Colin
Farrell cheeky like cheeky British
comedy you through do that means you got
oh god oh my god it's chaos already it's
chaos on the streets Jack terrible and
shit shit
get beat up all those cops I'm working
on it every every last fucking one of
them and then we're gonna hide in a
dumpster you're right right yeah I know
what's up okay
I think it's probably enough I don't see
the thing anymore
yeah it's up there see oh then the top
right I see it there your mind I was
thinking the news report thing see yeah
it's going down all right let's go
bitty where we going oh this way
gonna get some burgers hey can I have
jump in mom friends only thing you can't
do I don't know do you want to play no
no I was they gonna be three be neat but
anonymous says you guys look nice today
color-coordinated okay look once it's MC
Lukas is beating resident evil another
three hours is the thing I would never
usually try but was one of the most
rewarding gaming experiences I've had
would have never tried it if it weren't
for a trophy attached
that's what I'm saying it's like it can
it can open up different gaming avenues
that aren't necessarily alright alright
listen up you I never said they
shouldn't exist and they're an
abomination before the eyes of the Lord
I got that impression rich I'm just
saying I have I have no need to increase
my e-peen your EP ep n-- nevermind your
EP m-- come mixi in 120 says hey guys
this is my favorite game that i helped
to make was never released but i can get
you a copy if you want to play it
message me and twitch if you like
alright this is not the time
that shouldn't exist but they're the
dumbest thing yes yes in my opinion
they're the dumbest thing I have no
interest in in the the achievements I
think they're dumb right what are we
doing what are we doing banning what's
happening I think you should just follow
banner that's what I'm trying to do ah
they're doing a sprocket ice sled thing
so if you jump on the ice block while
she's holding it she can said you flying
across the screen I'm just gonna block
of ice I'm good at video games I'm stuck
I'm stuck fucking stuck I can't get out
and I can't get out where are you I
can't get out okay try it again
there we go left trigger wasn't eating
fries for me not a sense I was bored
today learned how to play backgammon
backgammon backgammon what card game
slash old types of games do you two like
mad checkers is fine card games like you
know poker poker is a fine game pokers a
fine here this is blackjack
uh you know stuff like you know I played
sheep's head knee replaced sheep's head
no I never even heard of sheep's head oh
yeah so you know like a like a
four-player what about what about
solitaire Jam you get into the solitaire
do not get into the solitaire
oh ow you do you know what you do you
want to say ow
what about Magic the Gathering rich and
that really you know what time I've ever
played any of those any get any kind of
card games one bad Jack's having game
night I got stuck oh here we go
like what was that one munchkin and I
played munchkin with you guys yeah
that's a good game that wizard one kind
of a card game kind of the wizard battle
yeah deadly wizard Bell yeah that's a
fun game and those are the only time I
play anything along the lines of magic
whoa okay
whoa yeah I yeah I like all those kind
of like deck-building
cards wielding games you know stuff like
magic I usually have a problem with
because yeah a lot of that is if he or
at least it feels like pay2win you know
because you have to buy cars and some
cards are just inherently better than
other cards
she likes stuff that comes between deck
exactly where it's more laying luck of
the draw and strategy it's not about
buying the better cards I have a lot of
Marvel Legends legendary factor into
that well I can buy expansions to that
sure but every player has the
opportunity to get every card yeah
whereas in Pokemon you can buy a deck
that's completely different than your
opponent's deck and you could have a
better deck just by paying for it you
know why don't you pick up that ice
that's in the bottom right can you do
that well can you take it with you
Jack get blood rage great Viking theme
board game with a draft mechanic you
would love it
okay I'll look into it I like board
games although I probably won't get it
tuned because I just I just got Star
Wars battle battlefront and we finally
got around to playing that the dark
souls game just came in the mail yeah um
which I know a new one no duh Dark Souls
game not the blood-borne oh oh the the
Dark Souls game just came in the mail
you can see why I would get that
somewhat confused oh right right um so
we just got the Dark Souls game which I
still need to convince Lisa to play in
general well which is gonna be tough she
apparently did not care for the blood
boy he did not like the blood war game
which you know what did have some
problems it had some issues it wasn't as
good a game as I was hoping but I would
have thought that a a successful
well-made video game with action and and
and reflexes and all that did not
translate well into a turn-based card
game it was almost there but we we were
saying like with a couple tweaks it was
really close none of us is Jack Packard
Jack record professional let's player
that's true I'm suing another son after
you fell into the pen
oh yes I would also assume that is mr.
balls
hi Jen hi I'm glad to hear I wasn't the
only one who didn't like guardians of
the galaxy we are the minority
solidarity honestly everyone hi rich
when you record a commentary is it more
fun to do a good movie or a bad one
thanks guys and I don't know that it
matters necessarily if it's good or it's
bad it's better if I have something I
might actually want to say about it
the worst the worst is ambivalence
executive housewife says hello rich I
love you how did your husband feel about
that executive house
hey now out tix see Jack now we need to
play killer instinct wha why because
we're playing beat him up now okay oh I
died again I'm bad at this
shit shit oh that is executive horse
wife yes I read that wrong executive
horse wife executive horse wife nice
first of all that sounds like a weird
job so I'm just an idiot well you know
it happens does anyone from quieter or
IGN or anything had any response to the
nerd crew goods as far as I know they
just took it in good humor yeah yeah
yeah they're fine people I can take joke
his jokes this is jokes I got nothing
against Collider
kudos
Hey oh sorry sorry friend I'm coming I'm
coming
OOP shit
the real bayon says here's some money to
go check out the moon it's only about
two degrees away from Jupiter tonight
mmm even with my mediocre binoculars I
am able to see three of the Galilean
moons pretty cool oh cool neat yeah I
don't even have a meeting over
binoculars though so there's that oh man
this like flying uppercut clears a crowd
it's great I'm really diggin that pickup
Hey
so are you enjoying it more without
somebody accidentally throwing people
okay if you're not enjoying it I'll take
back over take back over sure here not
necessarily my type of thing and you
know what it could be Anna my god on a
different day this could be like the
game I play all day right now not
necessarily Fiona steal some binoculars
no we're not gonna do that guy sucks so
much
you don't know intentional not the face
Jack makes while sipping coffee in the
latest prereq video is perhaps my
favorite Jack moment well great great
what do you think it was you think of
the bayonetta cut you think that was it
was a fair cutting I've been afraid to
watch it big as the comments a lot of
the comment sorry I've been going a
little back and forth of some of the
comments from the bayonetta video and a
lot of them do not believe us that there
was not a way or that it didn't say
anywhere how to uh how to stop the
screen from loading it's just like we
showed you how fast that goes and it
doesn't say it anywhere that you have to
press the back button to stop it rich
Evans richer professional less player so
we've had a little we've had a little
people agreeing with us and a little
people disagreeing with us and that's
fine I'm stuck there we go
stop shooting in front of the couch it
looks wildly unprofessional and you guys
are have such slumped posture oh god
already already it didn't take much yeah
Tiberius this shooting on the couch
really works well for us we'll work on
our posture sorry fat bothers you but
from a from a production standpoint
shooting on the couch is far far easier
Hey
Oh fun
nice sorry we're - we're - can you get
in it now I'm gonna guess no I mean you
don't know unless you wanna you wanna
head I'm heading up ending with banner
into the bathroom
alright alright alright let's let's
pound these dudes in the bathroom found
them yeah you know who has preferred
easier George Lucas on the prequels
right and there's obviously a big
difference between web videos discussing
video games and professional narrative
movies what's going on
Oh Tiberius is not happy with our couch
setup okay so and I'm just letting them
know it's probably not gonna change
because it's way easier to do and I
think it looks alright I agree we do get
a little slouchy we get a little slouchy
yeah
hmm oh it's adorable what the hand dryer
yeah oh it's pushing me back huh am I
supposed to get into the restroom here
Oh
you're in the potty now you're in the
body now so we're being shown things the
Easter eggs yeah that's me oh wow
these nerds like them chemicals oh
please
these offensive stereotypes sure do like
them chemicals absolutely
Nikolas is hey Jack and rich whose hand
is that slamming the beer into the
popcorn bag at the beginning of every
half in the bag
I'm gonna guess J's you're gonna guess
Jay's not Mike's oh no Nico :
guess J's I'm going to guess Mike yeah
I'm gonna 100% say Mike I don't know who
did that but I'm gonna say Mike how
hairy is it
that's the girl that's the answer that's
a serious question up that's what I'm
saying that's the answer and
gobbledygook says Sacramento 2003
harbinger drag and I show up pay $40 and
get randomized nerd pieces builds battle
D&D; miniatures thrilled to win second
place and an exclusive Silver Dragon
figurine good stuff I think that was a
story from 2003 that gobbledygook was
letting us know
yeah so Neko I'm good I'm gonna guess
that's Mike I'm gonna guess that is Mike
but to be to be honest those were shot
so long ago at this point it could be
anyone
ah
bergna says rich yeah if Mike was
walking down a dark alley and ran into
George Lucas who had a gun how fast do
you think George Lucas would shoot him
also did he ever make any official
comment on the plinker reviews George
Lucas would not shoot him right because
George Lucas has four billion dollars in
the bank and you can't enjoy that money
when you're in prison boom that's true
also let's be honest George Lucas is a
super wuss he's not shooting anyone he
can barely shoot a movie thank you sorry
I was fighting I get it I get it now I
add up I had a moment to reflect little
now I get it settle down now everyone
you're welcome you're welcome I'll be
here all night
um you're pretty proud of that one I am
pretty proud of that one George Lucas
has never made any official comments
about the blanket reviews to our
knowledge he has never seen them just
talk about people not liking him yeah
I've talked about that how mean it is to
be criticized right all right span what
are we doing what are we doing I'm not
in charge here I didn't charge a jack
oh you wanna get to oh shit whoa-oh I
was almost nice combo boo is that the
Akira motorcycle yes nice how come his
friend is not defending him friend
figures he can take care of fucking self
right potatoes wondering how much would
I have to donate to get rich to grow a
full on Tom Selleck mustache only rich
mustache only what's the donation for
for what a week a week with them with a
mustache oh oh is that that looks like
it'll be useful I mean you know what are
you talking about you talking about a
week you're talking about a month oh oh
there's a punching bag oh shit what
what that's a neat character who is that
someone we haven't unlocked yet so yeah
well that's the the question is how long
do you want the mustache what do you
want you know like what oh geez
until Jay forces him to shave it to
assure his mustache dominance Jay has a
beard Jay has a full beard yeah yeah Jay
does not have there's no one here with
just a mustache rich could corner the
market that could corner the rlm market
on mustaches I'm really still much of a
need to write so what are we doing what
are we doing I have no idea what we're
doing
Oh
let's see here
J frezz ik2 says hey Jack it's too bad
we didn't agree on guardians to on
Twitter hopefully once Valiant gets
their movies off the ground you'll like
those a lot more Valiants um if they get
some movies video game Valiant Comics oh
yeah horrible Harvard Aaron oh yeah they
did video games too yeah you know
there's a lot of good stories in there I
actually it's hard for me to think of
any of their stories that would work
well as movies like I'd love a harbinger
TV series you know harbinger works
really great as a serial button
and Archer I mean maybe our turn
Armstrong could work as a movie a
standalone movie it'd be a little
bloated but maybe boom that's a deep
punch can Anna here we go
Oh Oh No
Oh this is we're gonna get twitches
taking this down this is NSFW rich
can you imagine blade in the avengers
home all that be awesome
The Avengers finally take down Thanos
and as they're standing over Thanos
Dracula comes in what all right what it
was it done what do I hit what I'll hit
for this uh the right stick but you have
to face him
I am no
hey let's see here Harmons ESA's have
any of you at rlm folk tried out
stand-up comedy in the past if so how
did it go oh my god don't punch it well
now you have to kill it uh yeah I used
to do stand-up I used to do stand-up and
I was not very good at it
who's that on the couch function ah I
had a lot of fun doing and I had a lot
of fun writing jokes but I always had a
problem with my timing and you guys know
me I I really like my jokes more than
the people listening to my jokes and so
I would problem that's that's a big
problem so I would I would laugh at my
own jokes when no one else would and Wow
and then the fact that no nut was
laughing at my jokes made me laugh even
harder I was really bad I was really bad
at stand-up but you know I tried it out
for a little bit I had some good times
Jack grew up on a farm give him a break
for that life I had some fun right even
right he made some stand-up jokes I had
some good bits I had some quality bits
and some quality quality bits about
about my grandfather you know my group
my grandfather he's a he's an old he's
an old folksy kind of guy he's an old
country kind of guy he says he says he
has all these weird sings you know like
a maybe it's just a Wisconsin thing like
you know he always calls uh he calls
soda pop he got water fountain he calls
a bubbler he calls my grandma cunt I get
it I get it you get it nine oh that's
let's see that's my problems like to me
as like as a funny joke so I laughed
more than the other people did and also
my timing was terrible
that's a good time I get it I know oh
yeah I know I had a whole bit on corn
and throwing corn had a whole bid on
that and yet the corn bit had the corn
but did not go over very well
oh here this way sorry sorry I messed up
I think I've told like for any new
viewer you might not have heard my other
joke my other you know its famous at
this point my my famous stuttering joke
yeah thank you uh I was really proud of
this show cuz how would you usually like
open start off the the the routine right
oh yeah I'd say I say you know I the
reason I started doing stand-up is I
used to have a big stuttering problem
and my speech therapists suggested doing
stand-up as a way to get in front of an
audience and get over my fear and then
stop stop me from stuttering and it
actually helped an incredible amount and
if you go to the department of therapies
do t they have a great website that will
help you out it's wwe.com and I get it
you get it right now I thank you rich I
appreciate that you get it rich rich is
a great height man you're right rich
which is I'm fighting dudes I'm doing
Mac Mac jokes I'm I'm getting kicked in
the face by a Bobo uh listen it wasn't a
great joke it's just a joke I enjoyed
you don't like my joke um I like that
one
as a future speech pathologist says that
I'm stealing the shit out of that joke
see that's a good joke people want to
steal it yeah well and by the way now
you know why I no longer do stand-up
comedy that's that's why but I had a lot
of fun and that's the important part
all right using guard as much as I
probably should yeah I found myself not
really using guard either cuz you want a
punch you want a punch how much for an
hour of Jack doing stand-up on stream
that could never happen I don't have an
hour of material so no HBO specials for
you no HBO specials for me I'm very
sorry like you know I could probably I
could probably scrape together a solid
12 minutes at this point in my life but
even that it takes some weeks that'll
take some time do you remember all of
your old material oh no no I don't I can
barely remember my two jokes but like no
I had a bit I had some bits but no I
don't remember all my other ones like I
might be able to come up with 12 8 to 12
minutes at this point
steal the deadbolt joke oh the wedlock
too close to deadbolt oh I love that
joke ah that's funny
bounce on the ball ow
Moo skidoo I didn't really have a bit
about corn that was that was just that
was just making fun of the fact that we
used to check a corn thank you Jim that
was funny I thought it I thought it was
it was a reference it was a funny
reference to the thing we've talked
about earlier on the string
oh god I'm getting I'm getting raped up
let's see here gobbledygook says so the
big red balls in front of my Tiger
target are covered with mario and luigi
faces and when you go in you hear three
two one here we go Mario Kart 8 comes
with a free rubik's cube there you still
play my a my switch is actually in the
shop I had to send it in because I was
having some controller connectivity
problems and so I sent it to Nintendo
for repairs but yeah I was I am still
playing before I sent it in and I was
having a good time I'm still like in
Mario Kart 8 I like the new battle modes
I tried one round of the 200cc races and
it was far too intense for me I'm not
ready for those yet but having a lot of
fun
rude air the wrestler cool so hopefully
when I get my switch back I won't have
any more controller problems and and I
will get to play more Mario Kart 8
they say I like the characters in this
you like the character yeah all right
this is this bruiser up anonymous says I
think it's cool that you did stand up
even if you sucked ass well thank you an
elephants I'd like to do Stannis like is
what that's like that's like an insult
and a compliment all rolled into one
sentence I'd like to do stand-up Sunday
how did you shake the nervousness did it
involve heavy drinking heavily no no no
I before
stand-up I did a lot of comedy sports
and other theater stuff and so I was
used to being in front of a crowd I'm
fairly comfortable in front of a crowd
so getting on stage you know it was a
little different doing stand-up because
it's just you in front of a crowd like
it's not a group of people and you
you're not doing a structured thing
you're just doing your own material but
you just got it don't do it don't drink
too much though because that'll throw
you that'll throw you off that'll throw
off your timing and and then if you do
suck you won't know that you suck and
you might suck more because you've been
drinking too much so I recommend not
drinking drink afterwards do not drink
beforehand
and anonymous says as a stutterer I
approve of that joke Thank You anonymous
not that that sounds great it's time to
find it you know it is fine it's fine
joke not a great jokes find it but that
being said anonymous if you have stuff
like improv classes where you live that
is a great way to get comfortable on
stage and to get comfortable in front of
crowds and they also teach you kind of
like basic theater stuff just like
speaking comedic timing listening to
other people on stage and and it really
helps get comfortable the classes
usually aren't that expensive you know
one one night a week for for a month and
and you put on a little show at the end
and you can have a lot of fun doing
stuff like that I highly recommend that
if you're interested in any sort of
theater work
I miss my days over at comedy sports
Oh God I have no good at this character
need to learn how to use a special
absolutely oh you're still here oh
you're still here
reality blue no I haven't had a chance
to mess with the sidebar well last week
was kind of editing that Bayonetta
episode rich and I have been working on
a few other things that have been taking
up my time so I haven't had a lot of
time to work on sidebar stuff we have a
comedy Sportz it's always a great time
yeah and comedy Sportz they have classes
all the time that you can join like
super beginner classes that helps you
loosen up helps you warm up
gets you comfortable on stage gets it
comfortable in front of an audience and
it's it's like structured comedy its
structured improv so just kind of
teaches you how to how to how to tough
break kind of just teaches you how to
how to talk how to talk non-stop
recommended
got a favorite comic well rich you're
not reading comics at the moment let's
talk about comic book or stand-up
comedian oh you know what I I see most
of our conversation is so nerd
orientated right I just assumed they
meant comic book but George Carlin
ah you're George Carlin I'm a Steve
Martin squirrel hey can you hit the
squirrel I can't because I'm too slow
what the hell Oh would it be okay for
people to send you sidebar Jack look at
the rake what ah Bravo yeah but and yeah
if you come up with your own sidebar
send it actually that's the the the
current logo was sent to us by a fan we
love that that logo is great the the
current background with the cool like
mountains and Spacey stuff was sent to
us if you have ideas send it to us I
might use it I might not
I appreciate anyone with more talent
than me helping me out so if you if you
can get us a better sidebar make it
happen absolutely
absolutely Oh the jocks these guys are
great and you say that you can't get
physical comedy out of game play alone
rich well then I say that Jack during
the Bayonetta cutscenes of Aiden I don't
think it's quite the same quick question
do subs through Amazon auto-renew I do
not know mr. balls I I want to say the
answer is no they do not but I do not
know the answer I think we've had to
deal with that before
if I designed some shirt artwork can I
get a piece of that action when Mike
finally lets you put shirts on the rlm
store maybe we'll never be pretty our
goal and if if we sell shirts we will
probably have to find a way to sell them
ourselves can you get on the other side
of that fence if you hop on the top of
that tree what I what are we supposed to
just bump fist bump the sides of it baby
no right shouldn't every something there
there's something here I don't know what
he would Benin wants me to do can you
figure out what Bannon wants me to deal
with the street I'm looking I'm looking
Oh Oh what he's given us all the secrets
all the secrets hey kin the feeling this
game was a labor of love is that got a
real player or just CGI no he's a he's a
real player that's apparently a dev and
apparently he worked on the game so he
has all the secrets this game reserves I
think this game is really supposed to
come out like 2013 oh yeah I believe
there are issues with the rights I could
only yeah I can f was absolutely on they
imagine i suck it I like this guy but I
suck at him as of now till I learned his
new move set and learned some new moves
for him yeah
okay yeah I'm shaking my climbin
gobbledygook says so in Super Mario
Odyssey are the humans going to be
super-sized compared to normal Mario
doesn't matter news pushes lemma Mario
is three feet tall and we're just gonna
have to deal with that it's alright
newsflash Sonic did cartoons in
cityscape almost 20 years ago but he's a
hedgehog is Mario a midget sure might be
I'm not as bothered by this as most
people seem to be it's just weird it's
weird to see normal people and not
normal Mario you know what a big deal
like if you were going to do a city why
not make everyone look like Mario all
right so we're supposed to do something
here with this cat and this guy the
second time we've come here oh the guys
like turn now you pet the cat can you
grab the cat
all right what do we do Bannon I don't
recommend Rudy for beginner please pick
a different guy rich can you pick a
different guy in here oh yeah I was just
in here so I can select character I
think so
there's not a lot of luck and fun with
Glenn so we're sticking with Glenn great
great great yeah so to me the the
normal-looking people and then cartoon
Mario is weird I
I prefer everyone to be a cartoon but
you know we'll see we'll see how it
works out
atomic mass drive says hey you're
playing ribbit River City Rampage I just
like to slide in and say this fuck the
nerds nerds seven of organizes Jack I
just finished eating some delicious
Calabresi salami salami seasoned with
cayenne and paprika do you have any
lesser-known or more obscure meats that
you recommend trying lol eat my meat no
no just the just the usuals weren't
we're enjoying the sauna again I'll just
give this probably give me lots of extra
health right maybe I'll Seminole stamina
improve Oh Sam is maxed out Sam I went
up by food this is like the old game you
can actually improve your stats by doing
stuff like that I'm probably getting
better base stats nice sorry it's been a
good long time since I've played the
original I love the original River City
Rampage I have a river city ransom good
it's been a number of years since I've
played oh sure now you know like as far
as a rare meet so like I don't really
have any rare meets but I do Oh
what I do love me some prosciutto
man oh man you get me some prosciutto on
just about anything and I'll eat that
shit up for days you know it's like ham
but more delicious
you
hey guys first time playing Zelda Oracle
of Seasons thanks for the tip any
difference between the two versions
yeah it's Oracle of Seasons in two
different games and Oracle of Ages are
two very different games and one is more
puzzle orientated and one is more action
orientated and I forget which one is
which to be honest with you I just then
you link them together and you do
something or other right yeah oh we got
a possible slick look me up here but
since I'm in for this I'm out of here I
forget which one is which but they're
there they're their own games and I
recommend getting button nope what I
recommend getting them both I'm I'm
replaying Oracle of Seasons right now
I'm just at the beginning and I'm really
enjoying it that's what I was going to
bring today if ship if rich didn't have
a plan oh no I'm fret backer
I'm an idiot get out of there right can
you double jump there you go now you're
out seasons is action ages as puzzles
dah Thank You Sun blue guy and Chad damn
when I was a kid I opted out thinking it
was a Pokemon color version gimmick a
perfectly reasonable assumption probably
not the only one yeah but no they're
they're really great games you know made
by Capcom the Oracle games really neat
stuff really neat stuff
so I thought uh how am I gonna I need
not fall behind this van okay there we
go
she said to get good so maybe on
Wednesday I'll bring my Gamecube and my
little Gameboy advanced adapter and we
can we can play some Oracle of Seasons
yeah I'd played Twilight Princess yeah
be my desire to play more of the Zelda
games I don't know if I'm gonna do
winwaker next for Link to the Past oh
that's tough if I can get the 3ds away
from Karen I want to give ocarina of
time another shot it is it's for work
rich you got
I'm gonna say I finished Twilight
Princess yeah if I talked about this
today yet I don't I don't believe you've
talked about this today you finish
Twilight Princess it's dropped a few
pegs in my eyes yeah yeah absolutely
believe that there's things I like about
it but oh god it's so painfully linear
and the thing isn't it absolutely did
not need to be don't tell him I'm tellin
ya listen I I agree with you I agree
with you wholeheartedly and like that
with its more linear than a car o karna
mm-hm Macedo right the time finally you
said all right you said all right last
time accidentally ocarina is right okay
I I know I'm saying wrong I was
corrected and then at this point I've
actually did and I got it so muddled and
no longer remember which is wish get
that egg
is this an easter egg that's funny
well yeah like Twilight being so linear
and the all the dog crap and and the the
later items you get in the dungeon is
really only being used in the dungeons
it's there's a lot of good to Twilight
Princess there's a lot of good but oh
look like the sewage drum and then the
river that's great dodge ball it's a
reference to one of their other games
well the original people who made River
City ransom it's in the profits of one
of their games okay they had an NES game
super dodgeball oh yeah yeah hey
alright alright look we're almost dead
we can finish this man
similar to how new doom had ruined doom
3 for you has breath of the wild ruined
past Zelda's for you well that's the
question I've just replayed Twilight
right now right
I'm almost afraid to play Wind Waker and
and I started a little bit of Wind Waker
and so far I'm I'm absolutely loving it
but I'm just at the beginning you know
it's all the story stuff and all the
animation the art is so adorable so I'm
still just kind of oh do you see that
buttbounce
I'm still basically just in love with
with Wind Waker but I haven't got to
like the majority of the sailing yet
yeah like I haven't gotten my sail you
playing HD or gamecube gamecube I found
my GameCube version you know HD has like
a super sale yes yeah so it's supposed
to deal with a lot of that yeah and like
I said there's a couple of reasons why I
don't want to get the HD one one because
then I'd have to play it in the living
room and not my office or move the Wii U
back and forth and I'd have to pay for
it and I already have a copy of the game
so it would it would it's hard for me to
justify the HD getting the HD version
now they don't do it huh
oh wow well we're seeing where she
couldn't move showing off here
and a Triforce question reduced in the
HD version I used to think I used to
think Twilight Princess was solidly
above loot now it's just just a little
better than oh yeah just a little bit
Lutz itself is very linear and I
remember replaying a little bit of it a
while back and not miss some dungeons
you can do out of order
Anoop oh sure but there are also some
dungeons that suck balls balls
anonymous says John Connor is sent back
in time after recuperating from a
strange attack Skynet sends
t800 back in time to kill the alien
before it kills all of humanity and
prevents Skynet from being created what
what's going on
aliens already to stop Skynet now John
Connor had a strange attack and then
gets sent back in time but then the
alien bursts out of him
okay which and if the alien causes too
much havoc Skynet would never be created
so they have to send the t800 back
through time to kill the alien and save
humanity so Skynet can be created in the
first place sure man whatever about a
pitch that who owns the comic book
rights that's a great crossover comic
book Terminator Terminator vs. the alien
that's a great idea anonymous I'm down
I'm down get Freddie Williams on the
phone Freddie Williams
we got your next crossover buddy how
all right distresses you guys are
talking about playing more Zelda but if
you don't play wandering soul soon I'll
have to keep giving you money to tell
you about it and nobody wants that I'm
sorry there are games we want to play
sorry we yeah and and part of that is
rich and I are contemplating doing a
look back on past Zelda games after we
loved breath of the wild right right and
so like part of that is just us deciding
whether or not there's enough stuff to
talk about with playing all of these
passes all the games it's not that we
don't want to play wandering souls it's
just we like wild breath of the wild is
still on everyone's mind it might be an
interesting time to look back at past
Jax you know we're wrong for not having
played more new we need to put and we
need to play more near and we also need
to play battlegrounds I think that's a
new hot game everyone's playing that
nowadays also DC Universe Online it's
still still out there there's a lot of
stuff there's a lot of stuff to play oh
yeah and we're Diddy Kong Racing is on
its way we got to do Diddy Kong Racing
that's gonna be a great one well you
guys are back in the sauna level it up
level it up oh and also we need to
finish Phoenix right we need to do more
Sierra games there there's a lot on our
need to play list I'm not telling you
I'm telling Chad there's we go we got a
lot hell I still haven't played the XCOM
2 DLC you know that something I want to
do right
did he kong racing rich was telling me
the other day that apparently diddy kong
racing is a lot more than just racing
there's a whole like one player story
thing involved with it it's a mix i mean
there's still as you know the worlds are
still race courses but there's an
overworld that's Mario 64 like that's
crazy I love it oh we're being shown off
the leave weapons in the hideout
I don't need okay okay yes I have never
played diddy kong racing because I
assumed it was just a straight-up Mario
Kart clone but apparently there's more
to it than that and yes last stream I
did order a copy of Diddy Kong Racing
that is on its way to us right now all
of those failed fist bumps
oh my gourd I do love it that they'll
cry what if they figure out alright
great gobbledygook
says 1990 Papa pulls over me and my
cousin enter a Capcom corporate building
Mega Man picks in my GamePro magazine
got a street fighter poster nobody
understands our obsession with the
culture of games okay
okay gobbledygook alpaca death trap says
diddy kong racing was my favorite n64
game and that's like I said you know I
and I saw it it was on the shelves it
was on the shelves of my of the store
that I worked at like for for ages and I
just never picked it up because like oh
if I want to play a racing game I'll
play Mario Kart last night
when will you guys go into VR not
anytime soon we have no plans one movie
our feet worth going into that's the
more important question as soon as there
are games that we want to play and our
features we want to explore right now we
have no as soon as there's not a game
that's shooting gallery a shooting
gallery or on Rails shooting gallery or
some sort of painted painting thing art
artists tools
you can use the swings you can use the
swings I parent you can kick them nice
nice but yeah if there's you know what
if there is a game that oh my god what's
for my achromatic I was looking at the
meteor and I lost track of where I was
what's this a reference to it could be a
reference to so many things but the
forest is right there Len we are not
talking guardians to today rich has yet
to see it the short version is as Jack
didn't much care for do we ever talk
about a big movie the weekend 2 came out
either and the other thing is it just
came out so we're going to give the chat
a chance to do be spoiler free next
Sunday we will talk about it next Sunday
rich will have seen it by then it'll be
it'll be great but we're not talking
about it tonight
sewer facility
space cÃ¡Ã±amo I have no thoughts on the
Bajoran or the trill as I didn't watch
Deep Space nine rich padorin trill
interesting enough what about him
just thoughts about to meet there you go
I'm trapped in here there we go I'm just
trapped in there where are you
ring tube yeah I'm in the too but it's
not letting me out of the tube can you
go like up or down or anything or mi-nam
suck oh wait wait hope there's someone
in there with you
maybe well I'm in love the next zone
area oh except for there's a boss out
here oh no you're out now no that wasn't
me how did the third player get in here
yes she's just help someone else uh
friend probably bought the game look
interesting interesting
oh no we have not talked about strafe
coming out on the 9th I did not know I
was that releasing apparently oh we are
streaming that oh fuck yeah but you
gotta play more near that way why you
gotta play pray uh-huh uh-huh
no so we did not we didn't even I didn't
even realize it was coming up that soon
you know it's one of those games that
has just been in development for so long
but you just kind of forget about it
great great nonsense in a bag hijack and
rich I remember playing diddy kong
racing when i was in middle school four
players split battle splits green battle
mode with this and gold and i was
quality playtime with the siblings back
in the day hell yeah
heck yeah you back that game because of
you fucks we backed that game we back to
strength yeah
our names going to be written in blood
somewhere in that game that's the level
where our name it will be a blood
splatter somewhere I believe was the
level we around
yep all right so Bannon you got anything
interesting to show us now is the time
now is the time because we're probably
gonna cut it pretty soon pretty soon
pretty soon bad what do you got for us
one more like one more mission kind of
soon we're starting to lose it let's see
Lord Belmont says are you going to get
prey I highly suggested it's excellent
sort of like a fusion of System Shock 2
and Deus Ex
no I'm really deep and engaging gameplay
and environments I've heard I've heard
of the name and I've heard people talk
about it highly but I I have no plans on
getting it because we got out of shit to
do
hi magical Flying Tiger yes
strafe the realistic 3d shooter with
cutting-edge graphics straight very
excited to get my hands on that
gobbledygook says FYI walmart has XCOM
to on clearance in many stores this
weekend for $20 okay that's a great
price I picked up my copy for the ps4
yesterday I hunkered down all weekend
while the wife played on the PC I
believe we are done good time yep hey
it's been good
that was that was this look this is an
adorable game rich Madden thank you
thank you for the tour thank you for the
little Easter egg - ha ha
what about Wonder Woman
what about Wonder Woman oh okay
we didn't see Wonder Woman yeah no I
have not seen Wonder Woman I don't
believe that's out yet so yeah you know
it's controversy that she doesn't have
armpit hair everything you can't do
anything with you know wait wait this is
a commercial that she does not have
armpit hair did um did Wonder Woman ever
have our Petare not that I know of no I
I yeah whatever
Wow people are dumb I it must not that
be that big of a controversy because I
haven't heard about it it's probably
just like one stupid article exactly by
someone looking for attention yeah but
still the fact that that's a thing but
it's not a thing it's one state so I'm
sure it's one stupid person
one stupid person who is very proud of
their armpit hair you can even use the
MEC I told you yeah you know what I
assumed you wouldn't be able to just you
know white boy it just sounded too
awesome hahaha awesome haha I told you
you could use that Mac games don't want
you to have fun anymore
hahahaha you have to walk into the room
and see what the people say yeah and
then you worry then you follow the
cutscene but it's not really a cutscene
cuz you're kind of walking but oh god I
hate Naughty Dog's so much I mean yeah
all right all right all right I got this
hi guys hey
Bannen thanks for playing with us that
was great that was great this is now the
time of the stream in which we thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this stream much like team planket Gino
suave says this is now the longest
relationship I've ever had okay Captain
James May do be sandwich crooked spiral
who says thanks for all the great
streams guys keep up the great work
oh can you can you um dr. poon MD and
for some reason it says cannula again lo
toma la raza
for 15 months in a row --ss two days and
I got my Magnus builder badge just a
hundred and sixty of just one thousand
six hundred and seventy seven more
resonators to architect do you know what
I mean I have no idea what that means
maybe the chat knows what that means
rebel base who says happy seven months
sorry you didn't care for Guardians keep
up the great content you know what went
uh still when it got to go out to the
movie theater with my wife we dropped
the kids off at this other friend's
house so I still got you know it is nice
you know went up to movie had a beer
movie theater has a beer had a beer
watch movie is great Berto cabbage patch
for 28 fucking months and roses looking
forward to Diddy Kong Racing more XCOM
soon it'll happen it'll happen there's
so much there's so much stuff there's
nuclear and prey and wandering Souls I
really wanted to play River City ransom
underground freakin strafe is coming out
Oracle of Ages a lot of shit we want to
stream Ali Raza
but this is Ali underscore Raza who says
have you guys thought of playing Kerbal
space program it'd be a lot of fun to
watch you blow up some Rockets we're too
distracted with chat and tips during a
stream to handle actual rocket science
right agreed I have nothing against
Kerbal space program
I am unconvinced it would be a great
stream because we're too podcast II yeah
we don't focus on the game enough
abandon that sounds great to send us
that and then we'd love that yeah that's
that's the real fun we could never get
we could never get fully we could never
we could never just sit down and pay
attention up to know how even how to
build a rocket right right
ah this one those fingers yeah yeah
waffle tail for 21 fucking months in a
row artic is Rex who says holy fuck come
cretin doobie sandwich two sandwiches I
don't think I'm allowed to share my
thoughts
in my second first month all right Thai
Rak the ancient for 16 months in a row
oh gee archimedes this one should really
be youtubers authority cuz I'd give them
it's because I can do the impact in 11
was like a father a father 42 for 28
fuckin months in a row don't go far for
220 a month of the Christians for some
tiny American flag for Reza
wait what oh it's funny most
prescriptions for some heiny american
flag for other don't blame me I voted
for kotas we want with here's what we're
gonna do we're gonna move forward not
backwards we're gonna move upwards not
downwards and constantly spinning
caroling Oh whirling I've made the same
section and I'm constantly twirling
twirling taught freedom double to deuce
says yeah bgb live dream sign for 15
months in a row the off switch for 16
months in a row and the off switch says
it's 1:00 a.m. where I live I've just
gotten back from the pub and remembered
I have a flat inspection tomorrow
morning so thank you for providing noise
to keep me awake and tidying in my
totally not drunk State you guys always
make the best noise revelant mr. Steve
Harvey Oswald crazy Elvis the real net
boy for 13 months in a row says let's
hope we see mr. planket on the nerd crew
probably won't happen those streams will
not be crossed you say that until Abdo
jest says previously on previously
recorded rich tells fans
shut up and this is the game we are
playing also Jack needs eggs ends and
ends not multiplying and just one end
and and no I'm good on eggs but thank
you not a robot 101 says thanks for all
the entertainment rich Jack again I
won't get to see this message read but
you guys deserve my sub still can't
continue after next month had to stop my
Amazon Prime due to no job I might soon
maybe then I'll get to see this read
then no problem not a robot yep no no
problem not problem we appreciate
anything that anyone can do good luck
with the job hunt mmm Apache Co pizza
train 11 for 27 fucking months in a row
pizza train 11 says hey Jack I know you
love board games and you love FTL there
is a Kickstarter for a board game that
is basically FTL it's called ray guns
and rocket ships check it out yeah Pizza
train I have a board game addiction yeah
and you are not you're not helping
because like I'm gonna look this up and
it's probably going to look good and I'm
probably gonna kickstart it and then
I'll just have way more board games ray
guns and rockets right ships you're not
your innate you're enabling me you're
enabling my addiction Princess Peach Bop
MV was it MV convulsant resonant oh yeah
poke Alex in the eye since if anyone
tells you that prereqs best days are
behind him they're looking the wrong way
I don't know about that man wait a
minute our best days are behind us
that's not true at all now
in the last few streams garbage he's
been great streams I don't know wait
talking about I don't know why talking
about your crazy person what lands uh
says does this work
Berg's miss no nonsense in a bag says
makes with a great live show on top of
super rlm content you're welcome
Colonel Ramon said I'd love to talk more
board games on stream the one of the
issues is actually like for a while just
all I was playing was Marvel legendary
and so I didn't get a chance to play him
any new games but we'll talk more board
games ah let's see here kick girl V for
thirteen months in a row okay that's uh
loves a money says love you guys to
pieces my dad thinks rich is the
funniest person on earth ever since I
made him watch space cop haha the good
work haha my worst performance it's a
grateful I'm obviously really funny I
know you're talking about no fear no
envy for twenty seven fucking months in
a row know if you know if he says hey
fuckos thanks for the twenty seven
months no problem thank you no leader
itis or is it Wiener tits I can't even I
need my eyes check tonight Jack what is
wrong with my eyes you're an old man
Wiener wiener tits DVD hwl el gran gone
might be mine Timbo five-on-four Ren
gone money we're gonna we're gonna want
to double that's I think this'll do the
twitch prime yeah yeah it's the sleepy
or it's the Sheep II even nice I think
it's the Chevy Chevy it can be Shep it's
the Chevy I think I yeah I think that's
it we're gonna go ahead Chevy yeah says
love you guys heart emoji leftover beef
who is the wonderful provider of this
very chat watcher that we are using
right now we love it they make the font
bigger on the twat sure old man Ridge
gone everywhere and by the way you need
to you need to write a code that
automatically let makes it larger every
six months because as rich gets older
like just a little bit larger every six
months because as he gets older his eyes
are gonna get worse and worse
leftover beefcake for 30 fucking months
in a row
leftover beefcake says after all this
time I really think you guys should play
the game that I want you to play here I
have this 5 gigabyte file already to
send you guys it's thanks beefcake tofu
ace I think it's the last one to write
this is nothing and tofu ace who says
thanks for making the years of dread
brighter with humor and heck front ring
by the way rich check out the book
series space team it's sci-fi humor and
the vein of Starship grifters and the
hitch-hiker series criminal team in
space
fighting the space things right one more
nukkie and under the wire here we got
this this is our second end and ravenous
1313 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
sure we really do thank you thank you
alright
click off there ok so rich yeah
guardians the galaxy to this really you
think you think they're gonna buy this
for a second well I'd you know you have
to commit to the bit rich my crawling
you out on it is a much better bit yeah
that's fair
