Nov 16, 2017
Horizon Zero Dawn
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/202072189
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/202126132
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVDaGVdHfwg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39Prz1AlkAg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/931195194791354370

[Part I]
hi everyone
hey good morning I'm over here I'm
tweeting I forgot to tweet so I'm gonna
go over here and tweet and I'm glad you
guys are all here the hold on for a sec
I'll be I'll be right back
hey welcome everyone
hey welcome good morning good morning
can you guys hear me okay can you hear
the the choral game audio good morning
good morning I'm at work during office
hours so I can actually watch as well
welcome hold on open here I got my I got
my Santa mug
I got my Santa mug I got my grapefruit
juice so we are good to go
hi hi welcome welcome
so can you can you guys hear me okay can
you hear the game audio okay these are
the important questions before we get
going I have been really excited to play
the frozen wilds and and here we are
Jack keeps a green screen on his
personal times I everyone please
remember I am a what that's what I do
for a living I'm a video producer so I
have a green screen with me at all times
this is a special fold of one that's
behind me at the moment you can hear me
good good you good
sorry I'm running a little bit late
levels seem good thank you Jim Docs I'm
running a little bit late because we
were having some issues I set up the
zoom here you know getting the camera
set up getting the green screen set up
getting xsplit set up here I just took
it took a little bit it's a pocket green
screen it a kind of is a pocket green
screen it folds up to where its diameter
is no more than like three two and a
half three feet and so it like folds in
on itself and then when it pops out it
actually holds itself taut so you don't
get any of the like wrinkles and
crinkles that you would normally get in
a green screen so so yeah it's great
it's great everything's great Wow yeah
it should be fine should be fine
remember that I'm also a moderator so if
I see anything I can also shut you down
things are a little bit weird computer
setup wise I have things in weird places
button
hello good morning everyone there we go
we now we got some coffee
do an Amazon ad for folding green
screens this one's special you know like
you have to like fold it in on itself in
order for it to work button but uh yeah
it's it's great it's not as impressive
as those new Elgato ones I don't know if
you've seen those where it's it's like a
it like rolls in on itself and you just
pop it up those are supposed to be great
has anyone told me I have a good radio
ASMR stop boys I have heard that before
actually I was talking with Rich's
sister after the stream and I think I
might look into that audio book thing
that she's doing it sounded what are you
even doing I'm here I'm playing playing
horizon so you're done here let's go to
continue I'm here and I'm playing games
so I actually looked into that whole
become an audiobook voice-over person
thing that Rich's sister Erin is doing
and it but so it looks it looks
interesting actually a really neat way
to make a simple real for yourself
connect with authors independent authors
and and do all sorts of fun stuff what
books what I read any books I would try
to find like the cheesiest you know I
want to read a book like like Erin is
gonna read where you know it's about a
where rabbit that's the one that Erin's
gonna read so I I want a romance novel
where like you're like a where stapler
like a boy turns into a stapler on the
full moon that's the kind of ebook that
I would read
mmm-hmm see my coffee mug it's Christmas
time please do it in my Michael Caine
voice and that's when I turned into a
stapler and that's when I turned into a
stapler where rabid
are you playing the DLC yes I'm playing
the DLC I just got the DLC and and I'm
really excited to jump into it what am I
doing with my Santa mug I am it's it's
one of the few mugs I have and it's a
good mug it's one of the few mugs that I
own all right I gotta remember where I
left off I you know I need to figure out
where the frozen wilds are I did get the
mega armor you know the glowing mega
armor I have to remember how to play
this game I also like I have not played
this game in quite a long time so this
is that's the important part the role
'button Jack buys t-shirts not mugs is
true it's true I have a couple months
show say hey Oh bother
sorry I'm cutting in on your show time
can I say oh my god just like rich Evans
no no one can
late attack heavy attack okay now where
am I going
what am i doing oh I just hit the share
button nope
get out of here get out of here it has
been so freaking long whoa oh no that's
there it is here okay so so here's the
map here's all the stuff I've done I've
done uh sigh you know almost a hundred
percent at everything here these are
these are all the things that I've done
and up here you can see where the frozen
wilds are so this is the new DLC area
heimo scores air
the map is kind of big yeah the map is
kind of big it's not it's not super
powerful like weird
and quest
oh wait says does it not count my save I
did beat the game
okay great
using inquest is this oh that's close to
where I'm I'll go to that okay
great great great where are the Legos I
have I only have with me right here I
have a Lego cannon you can even tell
that is a Lego cannon that I keep at my
desk I don't know why I keep it at my
desk but I do we are we are fairly close
to a good thing over here so is it
possible play this without spoiling the
main story I haven't played yet I don't
know I assume everything is gonna be
different I have already deep the main
story so I'm sorry if across any
spoilers we'll see this is really
surreal because I usually watch prereq
streams on YouTube while working and I'm
not used to actually participating them
well welcome Craig nation welcome to the
stream
it's the opposite direction see what
Raveena say what's the problem
betrayal by my own blood I was meant to
go on a machine hunting expedition to
the Bannu quiets with real hunters then
the rumors began new machines and evil
miasma many dead viniq and so on and so
forth so my father won't allow me to go
says there's too much danger for a noble
sign do you always do what your father
tells you brah yes of course I don't
know oh let's see here
what kinds of new machines that's
exactly it
my father's right
and the evil miasma who knows what those
tenth welling savages consider evil or a
miasma
I just want to hunt honestly why even
give me a sword for my 16th year
what's a sword for if not for
brandishing this game is so amazingly
pretty it is and you know I can see it
on stream already like my capture card
does wash out some of the colors a
little bit but I do think this game is
gorgeous
have you ever actually hunted machines
I've had our bearers carry a lance horn
for me to shoot at so I like it
it's movement was fearfully realistic
and I'm not hunting in the beneath why
that's super paying attention to the
story we're just oh no that's so far
from the sun's light the expedition
would be swallowed up just picked up
this game at half price it's a place
they fucking dollars nice something of
the noise this is this is a favorite of
mine from from this past year but now
why am I not playing Super Mario because
I didn't much care there's a pass
through the northeastern mountains I
really did not much care for Super
Market yes I'll have to look into these
rumors myself made a whole thing about
it's beyond the grave hoard past the
northeastern man whole thing about how I
didn't much care mean to go alone to
that a lot of people singing legs
I suppose Outlanders can do whatever
they didn't be here for a son if only I
wasn't born Noble yeah sounds tough
you sank requests into the frozen wilds
I do have some different outfits but I I
prefer
like I like her just a regular outfit I
think that one looks the best it's this
one no that one's kind of badass
this one's alright with just a little
modification but then I got the shield
Weaver ancient technology salvaged by a
Lloyd and stitched to Norah leather
protects a damage absorbing force shield
takes time to recharge when depleted I
think it looks cool but I don't like
that it has like a little glow all over
it when I when I first wanted to get
this armor I assumed it would be like a
full body you know like a like a like a
halo armor and I was like that'd be
awesome
but Jack needs to be a hair louder or
the audio needs to be a hair not only
can do that anything I can make me a
hair louder if I go like this how is
that for out how's that for a hair
louder chat how do we feel about this we
feel about this volume
how do we feel about this there you go
ah better boom great it's so much easier
to adjust levels when it's just me it's
a crime I should hold on I need more
coffee I'll be right back
how dangerous gonna be
it's in the opposite direction of the
forbidden West
son king of odd spies saved prince ito
men from the shadow carter now they have
no claim on the throne are we sure this
is the real jack it's not
it usually takes them way longer to fix
tech problems it's right now I am
streaming I believe like the majority of
people stream I think most people stream
by themselves actually in an office type
setting with everything easily within
arm's reach the fact that we usually
stream with you know we use the stream
with the two of us there's multiple
microphones there's there's more points
of failure the way we normally stream
so now it's it's been 20 minutes time to
stand up not yet house here which of
three going I actually I have not been
playing Witcher 3 because we've been
playing some other games we just
recorded a new episode for hand of fate
- yesterday matter of time before an
author on tried to kill this and that we
were at a fire
so I actually have not gotten any
further in The Witcher 3 because we've
been playing other games gravelord how
do I do this again
I can tie faster at home I can't fast
travel there for some reason I can tie
fast travel
it's morning not that funny I had to
fades and if into we both really enjoyed
spoiler
okay I came fast travel shit then we're
gonna need me an animal so hand if a2 is
really good we just recorded our episode
of it yesterday
and as a as a heads up it will be the
the first episode in a new format look
at that Turkey I know a lot of people
are not happy with with our new
audio-only format and I hear you and I
and more important it's you the one who
saved Meridian from that asaram lunatic
No so what another new format so what we
are going to des what five nine is we
are going to bring back out there in the
quarry the old format we are going to
bring back us sitting and talking where
you can see our faces we've we figured
out a way to do a set that is simple and
easy to move around and won't get
anyone's ways and also already utilizes
other sets that are there so we figured
out an easy way to to record ourselves
for the full episodes but there are some
games where we just don't have a lot to
say or we just want to you know get some
ideas out after playing just a couple of
hours and so that's where we're going to
realize the animation the audio my
friend might do how to fight feed you
did this
most defense and so we are going to the
hand of fate to will be our first free
wreck the quarry is for instance what I
think I'm gonna call it which app will
be a short audio only with the little
pixel a skies
and it's for games that we just don't
maybe have a lot to say about or shorter
episodes yeah and then we can still put
out more episodes anything and you guys
should be our QE
I like that sorry pressures getting to
me not used to murder no nothing unusual
well we've been doing a little blasting
lately I hear my mace I've I've been
seeing all of the negative comments and
I've been evaluating them as far as you
know who is giving me you know who is
giving me valuable criticism I think
that's important you know discerning
good criticism just I don't like it cuz
you know and we wanted to give it what
no son am I supposed to do a mouth a
fair shot so we used to give it a few
episodes but this kind of thing is my
specialty we wanted to give it a fair
chance we gave it a few episodes but so
yeah we're gonna we're gonna give it a
try here fire need to find I need to
find some animals hold on I need to find
an animal to ride I can't ride those
guys
I can ride these guys I can write
broadheads I can ride Striders okay so I
will
that way you do whatever you want I do
oh no but I do and I want to make sure
that we're I want to make sure that
we're putting out a product that people
like and that it's the best that we can
and overwhelmingly people want to see
our faces and and so I hear you
that's the nice thing about the shield
it absorbs fall damage yeah there's a
broad broad head sight makes it up so
you don't have the Freak that just calls
an animal automatically you know what I
might it's just been so freaking long
it's been so long since I've played this
game I'm not even sure I'm not even sure
what
oh I do have that part oh I remember how
this works
oh I remember how this works okay
there's a lot there's a lot of just game
to remember here
go back to Nier automata and or did you
like it no I never went back to near
automata never went back to it didn't
super get into it I know you know it's a
lot of people's favorite of last year
but I just never really got into it
where am I going
okay so I'm gonna stick on this road
game footage segments usually those were
were mentioned for a purpose the point
of the gameplay only footage in the
reviews is almost as a chapter great is
when we're moving on to a new subject or
if I think something happens funny and
then you know but if we if we change
topic that's what those
excuse me
dick do these robot animals poop uh we
would assume he was absolutely assume so
yes absolutely
jack will never get richer do a morning
trim any more than they'll ever get Mike
to show first room that's that's
probably true listen rich rich is a
night owl rich is a night person
necessarily my thing you got to keep
moving here
I can auto run that's something actually
I really like about the witcher's they
have like auto run like stay stay on
target stayed and your roach stays on
the path
ready to fight yet I'm not ready to
fight yet fight
I don't want to fight
lose a nail or keep moving there are
dragon things in this yeah those burgers
you know well they're all metal like
there's a metal bird fucking robot
dinosaurs man get with it get hip I get
up campfire over here I should save real
quick I should save real quick just to
make sure like I've been really enjoying
where's your three it's just a gameplay
wise I've been enjoying it you know
story-wise I'm I'm a little lost I don't
quite know what's happening and I don't
really care
is my other problem I just don't care
this
Bryson's are done was a story that
actually was was invested in you know I
liked you know learning about the world
and figuring out about a Lily's past and
nothing and what flopped and weekly
here's the frozen wilds I was into this
story and part of that might just be
because I don't much care for fantasy
setting
okay
back
I'm not ready for this fight and I don't
think this is how I get up there
I hope and what am i doing and where am
I going
these are important questions to know
but this is a fantasy setting this isn't
the same fantasy you know what I mean
fantasy orcs orcs and dragons and
knights and castles this is sci-fi this
is science fiction because of robots I
don't much care for the tolki in fantasy
settings check math maybe oh yeah I'm
just exploring around first see if I can
get close
yes sf Parliament Toki in a fantasy
those are the settings that's like yeah
those get old after a while I don't care
about Knights I've never cared about
like knights and castles and shit you
are now I'm now leaving the play area
but that's where I need to go
oopsie doops
okay
might regret this now leaving the play
area those are words that you should not
hear in an open-world game now leaving
the play area really enjoyed the world
of Dragon it you know there were some
decent stuff and Dragon Age I like I
like the monsters
I like monsters but like all of that
story stuff in Dragon Age my house is
doing this in the hunter and it's my
Dragon Age impression none of that I
cared for
any upcoming movies you're interested in
oh you know I was just reading about
thelma there's a movie there's a movie
that I think is coming to like the indie
theaters here in town called Thelma and
it's it's an arty-farty superhero movie
and it looks it looks really good
my quasi superhero II movie and it looks
like they're doing a monster as metaphor
thing with the superpowers but yeah
Thelma looks great
Jack's head disappeared oh yeah because
I was checking my computer which is over
there if i swivel my chair the overlay
on the bottom is much nicer well yes
thank you
I hear that we change things up and look
that's sir
I'm out the killing them say I've heard
good things about the killing of a
sacred gear yes there's good things
about that I don't know much about it
but I was reading up
that looks very impressive Jim Jack
already finished this game yes Pizza
train yes I did already finish this game
but I am now about to head to the frozen
wilds this is the new DLC area and I
really I should practice fighting and
you know there are these these things
here and I should really see if I could
fight one
to practice my plating
now what
ah good times it's all coming back to me
now it's all coming back to me now
I can see clearly set the blind man
pissing into the wind
my focus
what is this daytime solo stream change
is skip speaking of change is scary look
there's a big guy over there yeah you
know I
we couldn't stream last night and I
wanted to make sure we got one in so so
I was free this morning and I said heck
I can do it solo stream this morning
yeah muscle memory does the traveler
speaks muscle memory it really does take
a while to come back you get into a
eventual real groove with games where
you just kind of know what to do in what
situation and mine is all sorts of theft
right now can I just say coming up here
I don't know if you guys can see this
here this is one of my favorite things
in in sci-fi dystopian is is just the
windmills that are left over
that's one of my very favorite sci-fi
things it's just you know the technology
leftover and lo I don't know if I'm
ready for this fight yet
hey guys thank you should I fight him
okay well I guess the fighting great
you can help me fight the big ocean
nothing's gonna be fine
to help me fight
sorry guys this is gonna be great it's
gonna be
traps I remember traps
what
Oh
there we go that's the narrow that knock
shit up
yeah you fuck
oh I remember this this is weapon this
is weapon
you can knock weapons off of bigger ones
use them against them
it's not gonna three-step country
not good enough
what did you get here
okay what now
some more dinosaurs have come in still
gonna be fine
yeah now I'm gonna break into that
okay you would be so dead without my
she'll ever absent fucking movie
I already
everything's broken everything's
terrible
it's pretty tricky
what is the name of this enemy I don't
know justify one of those situation for
loot camera boo
I really should have done some research
before fighting this and learned its
weakness
I remember secondary hallway
do it
that is a thunder JA my friends that was
a thunder JA and we just kicked its ass
got too much already nice alright let's
let's see what's around here
you should have wrote it you
unfortunately you cannot ride the funder
job there are some animals that you can
take over and ride but
see it's lutes and corpses here and then
let's do some crafting craft there's
like quick crafting here so you can like
quickly craft arrows which
things to craft it oh that's right I
have a bomb thrower those are awesome
all right great
everything's great guys we did it
like this versus a lino fight which is
better up I think that these fights are
better I like fighting the robots more
only because there are more options and
obviously I basically tripped my way
through that one because I'm still
learning all of the combat it's 1:00 in
the morning here what do I do go to bed
but there's more options here you can
lay traps
there's the tie-down cables where you
can you know confine them to an area
like I said you know you can rip weapons
off of your enemies and use them against
your enemies so I prefer these fights
only because there's more options finish
the game still learning all the combat
it's been several months since I played
or I don't know if you're talking about
yourself but all right I got to get more
coffee and then we'll keep going I'll be
right back
BRB gotta get more coffee
hello so much cuff well you know it's
it's a it's a carafe of coffee I make
one basically pot of coffee which gives
me approximately three Santa Clauses
clauses in the morning and so I get you
know three cups of coffee
he's pour over coffee so I have like a
this little carafe and grandma beans
grind him fresh every morning
so it's it's nice coffee
so yeah I a drink nice coffee I do three
cups in the morning if I'm working in
the afternoon I do another three cups or
sometimes like if we're two shoots you
know
so at most I'm drinking maybe four to
six cups of coffee a day sometimes it's
just the 3:00 in the morning
I will not sit idly into the microphone
I'm sorry quality rating for different
coffee preparation styles you know that
that's it's a personal preference it's
personal preference and there's a lot of
X factors for what kind of there's a lot
of factors for example how many people
are drinking coffee if it's just you
then what you know how fast do you want
that coffee is another factor I know you
know a lot of people shit on the curated
system and I think it's bad coffee but
Hank if you're only drinking one cup of
coffee a day and you want it instantly
yeah why not
for me when I'm drinking just one cup of
coffee a day I'll pull out my own arrow
press which is like a souped-up French
press that I'll just give you one
incredibly tasty cup of coffee really it
well Lance fine this time really it what
it gives you is approximately two shots
of espresso
I'll get a different coffee maker yes
arrow press arrow press is the way to go
if you're if you're just having one cup
and you know especially when I travel I
make sure to bring the arrow press with
me it because you're never quite sure on
whether or not you can get quality
coffee anywhere you go but usually
wherever you go you will have someone
will have a way to make hot water you
can't go that way or also get into a
dead zone again
and so I always bring my arrow press
with me whenever travel like Starbucks
double expresso can oh yeah those are
great with a little a little bit of
cream in them those are nice
is it true that Jack love's coffee it is
more than true I am thoroughly
thoroughly addicted to coffee I am
shocked like I wanted to get the this
screen set up and running before I had
my coffee and I'm frankly shocked I was
able to go do I travel as often as
possible
I get out
exactly that I have a breakfast and two
eggs lentils and spinach like a half the
breakfast every morning
two eggs Fistful of lentils and spinach
the colored dinosaur eggs as when when I
make them the way I make them at the end
of kind of looks like a dinosaur egg
can I ride sawtooth these are all my
skills I've almost no traveler skills
wait are these new
sounds healthy it's great it's you know
about you know two and a half ounces of
cooked spinach seven spoonfuls of
lentils I love oh I love lentils two
lentils are one of my favorite beans I
went to my one of my favorite beans
is a breakfast that I enjoyed thoroughly
I think even if I wasn't on any
particular calorie restrictive diet I
would have
a breakfast like that because I could
use my auto call Monson again buddy I'm
just gonna enjoy walking around for a
bit sometimes you just like walking
lentils and stupid lentils anywhere and
lentils all the time every day off
I have gotten up a mountain but I have
my super oh so much for being careful I
have my super armor so I should be able
to
he's what are you doing streaming at
this early hour I am making up for us
not streaming last night and I really do
apologize I like to be consistent with
our streams unfortunately we were not
able to stream last night so I said hey
I have the morning free I'm gonna stream
this morning and you know this is
something that you guys like I know back
back in the day Sunday's used to be Jack
solo streams and those you know
eventually morphed into just another
streaming day for the both of us and you
guys like this I I'm able to stream
mornings some say if I don't have if I
don't have work to do you know I'm
playing video games anyway most of the
time
what the article said lentils are great
soup base lentils are I mean lentils are
great I just was and end of sentence
lentils are great details on my oh we
just weren't able to shoot last night
streaming his work yeah streaming is
work but it's also fun
screaming is work for the trail one
morning screams well if you guys like it
we can we can add this to a some sort of
you'll resent this Jack because it's
hard to enjoy game of your trip I I
won't be able to play new games
definitely don't be able to play new
games but let's do a little let's do a
little combat practice
that's great one shot them in the eye
with your arrow oh I wonder I wonder if
I'm that good yet
probably not that's the transformer
sound that's true how's my current lego
situation I have a basement full of Lego
oh oh you mean like cleanliness wise
well let me tell you we actually had a
we had a talk with the kids about their
lego situation and we we came to an
agreement
they have been wanting as they get as
they're getting older they have been
wanting a TV of their own you know
watches their stuff and so we came up
with a devious agreement which was they
clean and organize the Legos all by
themselves and keep it clean for two
weeks and if they were able to keep it
clean for two weeks we would talk about
getting getting their own television and
it works they they they did
keep it clean my game of the year would
happen to be horizon zero dawn yeah you
know it's up there it's something that
suckers basically yeah basically they're
suckers but they did it they kept it
clean and and so yeah we got him a a
tiny tiny television with us you know
Netflix and stuff that kind of stuff
built in and they've been happy and
actually they've even kept it clean
since then like those are those trees
are important for arrows if you've never
played yeah I noticed you were using so
much melee attacks mainly not very good
I like melee I have the perk where my
strong melee attack can knock over
animals and so then I can use the
finishing blow very easily so is rich
gonna be here no rich won't be up for a
few hours yet so just me today
just me today this is a morning jack
solo scream here we go again
how would i rank rises are done most
other ps4 exclusives high highly very
highly obviously you know there is very
little that would be flown blood-borne
in my opinion but horizon zero dawn is
up there
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time that's true all right we're
getting close we're getting close to the
new area guys oh and we have some tips
this is a bad gamer Korean who says this
is to thank you for the Euro friendly
stream hello from Dublin hello hello bad
gamer Korean ever been I've never been
to Ireland at all I moved here from New
York City about a year ago and loved it
it gets rainy a lot but never snows come
for the Guinness I would love to go to
Ireland I think that's that's on my
lists of places that I do want to go
more Europe more Europe
collecting data says as an overnight
worker thank you much for the morning
stream I can relax with some
prereq in my evening before bed in your
evening yeah you know I think it's it's
important I know there's a lot of we
have a lot of Euro viewers and people
have been asking for more euro friendly
streams in this well unfortunately this
is what you can get because rich is such
a night owl that you just get me but
hopefully it's good enough okay let's
see here did you support EA by buying
the new Star Wars no I and I thought
people had gotten over this whole
pre-order thing and weren't doing it
anymore and rich and I really did not
like the last Star Wars game if you
remember we we did not have a good time
playing the first battlefront game
oh those crabby guys I know those guys
those are cool
those are cool robots all the robots are
cool robots
sadly no people still pre-order we got
we got a we got to do better we got to
do better people just one of those
things you know I'm not saying
everything EA will ever do and does do
is terrible but eventually you gotta
find the pattern and I've been seeing
all of the all of the the craziness
about on the a and they're gaming
practices and they're microtransactions
and how terrible it is but even more
amazing is if you guys been paying
attention to the threads talking about
how insanely profitable it is
there was supposedly that
there was reportedly an ex-dea employee
or something on a reddit thread here and
they're talking about how profitable
these micro transactions are and how you
didn't even need a large user base in
order to make it work they said you know
most of their profits came from 10% of
the user base and out of that 10% it was
only 1% that was really contributing to
the bottom line with with certain
players just you know single players
contributing thousands of dollars by
themselves
and he that was that was the real
surprising thing how little they care
about all the games because as long as
they as long as I can get that 10% they
don't care about the majority of us
they're gonna get their money from the
minority
just like phone games
you're saying there's 1% of the
population I can spend a bunch of money
and shit like that you this is what you
get it you get it but to me it's very
telling of their business model because
they are they don't care about just
making a fun game that will sell well on
its own
they are poking at the metrics button
and and all that means is that we need
to support them even less because they
don't care about us and they'll go off
in their niche they'll still make a ton
of money because of that 1% but it is a
multiplayer game so what we can do is
not give that 10% that 1% who is giving
them all the money the fun of playing
against us because these are multiplayer
games and so they need a large user base
in order to make it fun for the few
people that pay them a lot of money so
I was talking to a guy who worked at
Marvel Mobile worked on a marble Marvel
mobile game and told me that their two
top users spent over seventy thousand on
the game two users
reportedly to users contributing a
hundred and forty thousand that's nuts
but that's in line with you know what
what we've heard from other game
developers and and you know it's it's
it's all the same stuff they don't know
one they don't they doesn't care about
us
don't care about us they don't care
about us
YouTube doesn't care about us pretty
lights support support those developers
that are just out there in a good game
that's actually you know that was one of
the reasons why I decided to revisit
Witcher 3 is after watching
the notebook documentary about the
developers and just how passionate they
were as gamers and as developers and
they didn't really you know they never
got into like a what we looked at the
metrics and we wanted to you optimize
the user experience for them waffled why
they they just today we wanted to make a
fun game based off of this series that
we all want and so that's what that's
what eventually made me re-evaluate what
Witcher 3
you know I know you guys say that I
shouldn't use the melee weapons but I
love
smacking the robots God I found this not
to mention guerilla games for this game
came out single price with very few bugs
got a bunch of patches and stuff and a
good sized expansion DLC for a single
price exactly there are good even within
EA right there are good people working
and there is nothing more powerful than
voting with your dollar as far as these
situations are concerned
eighteen pieces of free DLCs said that
projects gave away eighteen plus pieces
of DLC for free within over 60 Plus
hours of expansion this is what I'm
saying it's all good stuff
all good things there's a guy I'm not
talking about because we're about to get
into the frozen wilds we've made it we
finally made it
well we are what nine hundred feet away
we're getting there
do you not have a perk that slows down
time I do I do but I was also using the
precise arrow which takes a long time to
wind up I really should have switched
that to I love the this one with Tara
blasts arrows that's my preferred error
the one that blows up after you did
voting vicia varlets is just a fancy way
of saying don't buy stuff from shit
companies yes yeah
dollar votes man that's that's that's
the whole deal miss the whole shebangs
is don't buy shitty things and buy good
things and I know I'm I'm speaking into
the void because you know this very
weekend this very weekend we get a new
Batman V Superman
but
but the Bladerunner movie
okay
get down
you just want to see the first
how about nobody go to see distance
right well that's what I'm just saying
Justice League is probably gonna make a
decent normal but you know such is the
way of the world
brands are a powerful motivator
unfortunately
well and things like you know things
like after the bag and you know
reviewers and critics and myself you
which included doing free rec we're not
helping because we know people want to
hear about work we know that people want
to hear
I gotta get a turn about Batman vs.
Superman is a thing that people want to
talk about and so we want to give people
the thing they want to hear about them
in touch
I was so good on vesicles in my opinion
Starkiller I'm with you I loved it I was
really happy I was really happy with it
and I enjoyed the original man I was
really happy that I got to see it in
theater with you know the mega surround
sound which made it even more enjoyable
yep
everything
no audio is fine can you get here you
should be able to still hear me
I'm getting out of here
this thing sounds like so just sounds
like that's gonna be great you know the
early early reviews are not favorable
button
I just
there there we go game gets loud okay
there we go nothing matters great
close-up of jack absolutely I say what
we got here first-person curler says
thanks for the CET friendly streams do
you like paper clips what I sure do play
universal paper clip a browser game that
will take you places almost as easy as
making bug porn oh well
weird that's a strange tip confirmed
extol Mike I borrowed a microphone from
the our 11 Studios borrowed
a microphone
and I double-checked
and I will overturn this microphone
what
at this point I think Jack ignores my
pixel-art question on purpose lol I'm
sorry Highlander while playing I do try
to scan the chat I don't catch everyone
I am certainly not ignoring you but I
just when I scan over I'm not seeing it
so very sorry
permanently baharat exactly let's see I
want to make pixel art a prereq what
would you want it to be
pixel art of prereq we need to we need a
casual horse
we need a casual horse picture so
someone hiding on the side of a horse
that we can't see who's sneaking casual
horse
I love casual horse
can't see me how many copies of nuclear
there currently so many like he got
plate two biscuits around here somewhere
this is you know normally his napping
time so he's probably not gonna hang out
but he's around here he's around here
somewhere all right here we are we are
getting to the frozen wilds we are
almost there gonna hide from whoever is
trying to find us here because I don't
want to fight anything I say right as he
finds me all right we'll move a move
explore
yeah
yeah what
gotcha dick verdict great got it alright
stupid bird alright we got it we got to
go to the Vanek wilds now where are we
going where we going we're close this
way this way it to the road right that
right that's right
this way
you're making where my gun
--mode idea a casual horse biscuit and
corn shucking prom print Oh prom
princess yes we do need a prom princess
why does the robot need flapping wings
he still needs to fly there's no jet
engine but tell us um dad jokes I'm
actually pretty bad at dad jokes I'm
pretty my puns are poor
my poor ponies
I can't get out of this here we go now
we got a rope come on boy now we got a
road do we here's our road is this a
road am I on it I'm on it
great into the frozen wilds it's
happening
a jet engine would be cooler it's true
atta boy Johan tests I still love that
joke I know technically it's a lot poyo
hottest and really that just speaks to
the fact that we don't write our jokes
out ahead of time we that so in my head
you know just elbow Johan tests was the
correct thing to say so I said it if we
did write our jokes out ahead of times
someone surely would have corrected me
and we would have gotten that right and
it would have been a lot boy Johan des
this must be the fast reviewed was
talking about was the new territory just
above
polio evokes the chicken franchise which
is funny well that's what I was thinking
of is is you know I just Noel poyo
and so that's why I said it oh we go
over here okay area
congratulations on the winning joke
that's that first of all thank you thank
you it's always it's always nice when
you have the winning joke because of
course it is a competition
Jack what exactly made you lean in while
watching double out just how confusing
it was I it was an unconscious thing I I
just wanted to understand I wanted the
movie to make sense and so you just want
to get closer so you don't miss anything
like Oh some small piece of dialogue
that will explain why things are things
so something that would make DoubleDown
make sense and it's just not there it's
it's so confounding we got stuff now oh
my god this way and so it wasn't I was
not I was not doing a bit when I was is
this not a campfire I can say that the
clips won't dead I waste time playing in
the snow
turn to your desk you know the movie
special when Jack holds it right well
you know sometimes sometimes it's it's a
it's a reflex
just how bad it is the nuke shamans
thread blue cables through their skin
right kind of like someone else we know
huh
so maybe the real reason you want me to
stay clear of the nuke is just
it's not the past that concerns me boy
it's the future which is why you should
I read forever
welcome welcome to the stream hope you
are having a fine day we are here we are
going to find the blue milk we have
finally made it to the frozen wilds we
are now in DLC territory we are out of
main game into DLC right are we in there
are we in the the fog
oh we're not quite in the fog yet we're
close we're close to in the fog
why is she moaning cuz she's climbing
yes
oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
dang it dang it
hang out there for something
everything's gonna knock em back
I have all these bombs that I always
forget
running away
he's gonna dine up know I saved right
before the law it'll be fine
or right before we encounter this guy
I'm not gonna die I'm not gonna
we're here fall into my really poor the
place trap
fire fighter won't help Claire won't
help
running away running away running away
it'd be fine
I don't know what that weakness is
oh okay jack in the house jack you look
like I don't know what that means
okay hold on we need what do we need
here what do we need here we need a
different bow ice ice is his weakness
that's what it is okay I think okay ice
ice ice ice ice so
fuck I'm cut I'm cotton okay
everything's right
I'm running running running is ace not
his weakness
dad miss Rita
or am I just not hitting it with it
there we go here we go here we go hit
him hit him hit him
those guys sucks
all right just kissing
okay okay okay okay okay
I look up almost got him
Oh everything's gonna be fine
he used to be badass at this and cock
cricket I did I did I got really lucky
and remember this is the first time I
have played this game in I mean when did
that episode when did our review of this
came out I haven't played it since then
it has been months this is the first
time I picked up this game in months I
did it perfect and I'm just happy that I
survived to be quite frank with you I
think what it was saying what it was
telling me was that his weakness was ice
but I don't know when you hit him with
ice you'll see a little ice icon show
Bo's ap when you feel that icon all the
way up he'll get frozen ok great who the
real hero is the shield oh I would be so
dead without my very special shield
armor so very dead ok so if like I
haven't played this since February and I
was still able to defeat him obviously
with a little help from my special
shield armor Big Ups but you know I also
did obtain that special shield armor
that was something that I got I earned
I had been shalini welcome welcome to
the stream and it's same with fire once
if one is fired a week you keep hitting
them with fire stuff until the fire icon
fills up ok well that's good to know
that is helpful it's over here we
climbed up all the way over here see if
there's a fire or something that we can
save our progress at looks like there is
not oh wow
also remember to craft resistance
potions oh shit I'm forgetting about all
this stuff oh I just have bombs - oh you
can place bombs people do you even
remember do you even remember my back
welcome back dr. doom it up not too good
you want to consider equipping the bow
with the hardpoint
arrows that's for really fast yeah I'm
really like my Terra blast arrows my
precision arrows seem to take a long
time and my harvest arrows I've never
much cared for that what what other bow
do I have actually my other bow
electric arrow snow arrow and confuse
arrow that's pretty good and this bow
has just the regular hardpoint and fire
arrow so I have some extra I have some
bow options I do like my Terra blast
though big fan is this game worth buying
a ps4 force as cooking with mustard gas
this game alone probably not you add
into the mix blood-borne and you add
into the mix all the other games that
you can play on a ps4 that are available
on other systems and you start to add up
to something that's worth it ok this and
blood-borne you might get yourself a
case you might you might get yourself a
case for this in blood-borne ah you know
rocket League is also on this obviously
that's on just about every single system
but I think there's enough games to make
a Playstation 4 worth it and there's
enough exclusives to make it worth it
but but but but but
what's my game of the year's OB Isle I
don't know I've enjoyed a whole lot I've
enjoyed a whole lot this I've enjoyed
Legend of Zelda breath of the wild might
be it off just off the top of my head
that I had I had the the deepest
experience with you sure you'll be warm
enough up here Nora I've worked up a
sweat from the climb yeah dick Jackie
got to get around to yak who's a zero
there's a lot there's a lot to get
around is Jack still reading tips I
thought I collect yeah I believe I'm
caught up on tips I should be caught up
on tips if you tipped and I didn't read
it let me know and I might need to
restart my stream tip alert err
I just bought a new Xbox and I haven't
touched my ps4 pro since oh yeah well no
everybody's different
not that you'll stay long bunch of dicks
what is a dick up here bison is own
thanks for coming out
thanks for hanging out with us on this
Thursday morning my i get you know like
my issue with x-box my issue with buying
an Xbox is that anything that's
available on Xbox is also available on
the PC and so if you already have a PC
there's no reason to buy an xbox but the
PlayStation 4 still has a few exclusives
that make it worth purchasing alongside
a PC so I'm gonna take a little break
small break
all this coffee has gone in it must
leave now so you guys hang out for just
a second I will be back in you know 5 5
10 15 20 25 30

[Part II]
hello we're back
hopefully we're back oh okay here we go
now to the frozen wild oh how about that
hello everybody can you see me can you
hear me
are we back we're back eyes jack playing
on the ps4 or ps4 Pro I'm playing on the
regular the regular old ps4 I did not
get a pro when it came out because I
already have a ps4 and I didn't quite
see the point oh shit oh shit that is
that is a super volcano right there with
lightning as a volcano with lightning ah
let's see this is a wonderful treat the
deals team the DLC seems appropriate for
this time of year and you are very
skilled at balancing chat conversations
and gameplay also I just noticed that
you have the right kind of voice for a
late night radio Oh sigh I've heard that
before something I talked about earlier
is I am gonna I think I'm gonna give
that a audiobook reading thing a try
that riches sister was talking about
where were you trying to get jobs for
reading audiobooks I really all I want
to do is one just to see what it's like
let's see what's up with it
I just wanted is this a fire no where's
the fire
want to save fire is there gonna be a
Sunday stream or only until after
Thanksgiving there will be a Sunday
stream we will be streaming on Sunday
and then we probably won't stream then
I'm gone so then it's up to rich whether
or not he's gonna do any solo streams
after Sunday because after Sunday I
leave out of town and won't be able to
stream at all until the next week Sunday
so I don't know if rich is gonna do a
Thanksgiving stream or or even just a
regular Wednesday stream we will we will
find out as soon as I know you will know
I should do voiceovers for guided
meditation everything is fine all of the
time now breathe in everything is fine
there's the fire
you think you said he'll do one but
you're not 100% you know it's it's
completely up to him how he's feeling I
mean we already had his entire family on
stream that what's more Thanksgiving
than that than awkward conversations
with your family sorry for Adam
breathing heavily I couldn't have but
notice you drinking water and coffee
during suburban Sasquatch that is true
Brown Adam Sandler only water and coffee
during suburban sasquatch
as that was the first best of the worst
that I did since my more drunk than I
would like
Halloween stream so I wanted to do an
episode completely and 100% sober so
suburban Sasquatch was was important for
me doing that get ready for a rare sight
Nora
Bergeron purveyor of nearly drunk enough
Oh way to the new age not today okay
wait we're into some story stuff now
because the bodies can be recovered by a
nasty business all their best work I
peruse are lost
so they're getting a different kind of
sender
I can't tell you too much about the
village it just got to the new area that
was reef ameliorating myself with the
controls in the combat so I just got to
the new area here and we will see how
the new dlc so far the one enemy I
fought kicked my ass a little bit but
grasp your grief my hunters and kill it
for our kin seize the fates albany long
for his mouth is glowing racking steel
is struggling blue is over now you have
witnessed their spirits rise up into the
blue sky and beyond the blue light I
didn't warlords and our struggle is only
beginning
soon we will again take up the hunt
against the demon that frenzies the
machines against us
his mouth is glowing he has a light
inside of his mouth I don't know if you
guys can see that it's very strange
will you fight
our enemies are pre normal here there
there's a definite blue glow coming from
inside of his mouth
machines that wiped out best and what do
they want to do go back up there fools a
little advice up for free hey boy hey
boy I've been up here for too long
winters and I still can't make sense of
the balloon take this ruckus it started
with one of their shamans if zelda a 60
frames a second in power but there won't
be a single person we say this game is
better than their two very good wearing
up there and this the combat of this
vanished Cree is better than the Zelda
games
fighting the issuing are gearing them
significantly more satisfying many
things about Zelda is better are better
than this you know the the exploration
of Zelda is so much better the ability
to climb anywhere the the resource
gathering all of that stuff in Zelda is
better but the combat in this is
significantly better
so I want to know more about this Damon
mm-hmm it's crazy talk a lie or there's
something to it something connected to
how the machines behave then you need to
find a way yeah
so the mountains big hurry for me I know
I had a lot of hiccups with breath wild
I was dropping a lot of frames when I
played and the Zelda game that I dunno
where you could I have the recordings
can prove it
you win north of the river some better
hardware might have helped but that's
that no in no way diminish how good
English new structures and the master
20,000 is exactly correct which is I
don't care what people I don't care what
people say is better but both are good
games and that is really true both are
very pretty it's pretty crazy to say
Zelda combat isn't as good when there
are merging gameplay elements
I'd prefer I prefer this I prefer
fighting giant robot dinosaurs with all
sorts of traps and shit that is my
personal preference
Zelda Kombat I found frustrating because
my weapons kept breaking and I'm not a
big fan of my weapons breaking stranger
I heard you mention a flood yes a sudden
delusion without rain or milk tips I
just got here did Jack already finish
the base game yes I finished the base
game and now I'm doing the DLC and I
just got into the new DLC zone so this
this is all brand new out by the old
ones a chamber a basin and music
breaking is never fun mechanic I I
dislike it I really it really bothers me
when I can use the same weapon over and
over again and get you know just best at
best myself with that weapon I don't I
don't like it yes I didn't lie I even
don't like that in blood-borne even
though in blood-borne it was just never
a big deal with because you were back at
the you were back with the dull so often
that you just fix your weapons but I
don't like weapon digger
degradation right now but our battles
are few and far between
mostly turn up my volume a little bit
more it's hard to hear me over the game
I know we're at a talking point of the
game of course if the waters don't
receive their game is a little softer
now alright
where is this place I wouldn't mind if
you could repair your weapon on the go
that would be nice right just make it a
little bit easier all right we got it we
got some sight we got some sidequest now
come on come on a light let's see if we
can find a what do you got for me
bubonic bows I need blue gleam I need to
find me some blue gleam so I can buy
some bondic bows oh god what an ugly
outfit look at that look at how ugly
that outfit it's that's not so bad oh
that's cool nor a silent hunter master
that's a neat outfit I like the face
mask
look at that it's terrible
what Jack is using a face cam in a
soulish room I am hi got my green screen
and everything it's crazy it's a lot
easier to use a face cam during the day
cuz I don't have that like one harsh
light on me I you know just it's great
it's great
Jack's just making up words and a blue
gleam is a thing that I need there's a
to over yeah I'll go to the close one
first Jack would you go back to SDV when
they add multiplayer or are you done
what's STV Luthien tinuviel star Oh star
do Valley start - Valley no probably not
I'm kind of done it's it's a very fun
game but you know I did the thing that I
wanted to do multiply I don't know if
multiplayer would help me at all but I
do not want to hear this talk from you
again
doubt is said within a week snow forgive
me my chieftain we was not ready for the
next but you have to see now see this
messing up must be done
what type of green screen am I using
it's a full 91 good and the light
changed slightly here hold on me
Outlander I suppose you wish to speak
Ida I'm just
it's gonna follow me it follow me how
about well let me see if I can fix that
that's annoying you know that is
annoying
alright yeah we're gonna go so like you
know boom there's my green screen
oh you can see it a little little corner
peeking out over there nope it's just
it's just literally a green screen
leaning up against the wall that's it
that's the only thing that's in there
there we go Oh everything up I messed
everything everything up here we go hey
are you doing
I broke it I broke it and I'm sorry I
will try to fix it there we go and how's
my mic sorry
alright now that's looking pretty okay
okay great everything's fixed now and
OMG the second corner it should be fine
it's not on the game at all right yeah
it should be fine great do the no-face
thing again it's fine everything's fine
great
Jack glitches on live feed local doctors
what
it's all fine them great great we fix it
everything's fixed I have not been
paying attention to this story
sellers if you are hearty enough you can
venture out and see the signs yourself
Jack was Chrome for a second great
change to the machine yeah I press the
wrong but stronger I press the wrong
button surrender for the shamans to
debate you're set on going back to the
mountain I put my word to it even with
the risks being so great the risk of
what death it would be a worse fate to
bow our heads the challenge say too much
yeah good get out of here for D let's
get out of here all right you want his
hat
all right let's see it let's go see what
this shit get it let's go see what this
world has to offer
the froze in the wild look at that big
ridiculous headdress that's crazy can
you fly in this game you know there is
there is quick travel after you find
campfires you can quick travel to other
campfires
forget actually how you need you need a
special thing and I think I've run out
but there is a quick travel you cannot
fly you can ride certain Robo dinosaurs
it could be improved modified find a
bird hasn't been stripped by shamans
past look for a rail inside the length
of your spear that's all I can tell you
get a rail from some metal birds in a
cave sounds perfectly normal
great all right we got some assignment
look at
that's some trippy would be water I die
I cannot die my outfit by going into
water
I love horizon zero down
outfits it's like an Empire of the Sun
music video yeah yeah there's a lot of
good there's a lot of things I like
about this game you know there's just a
lot to like about this game good but so
many games well that's that's the real
that's it's a good problem to have this
cigs fan there are goats over here
there are officialy goats over here it's
a real good problem to have just too
many good games to play but I this this
was one that I definitely came back and
I it was really important to me to
finish the story of this because I
really wanted to see how it ended I
loved how it ended I won't get into
spoilers but this was definitely one
where I I went out of my way to to
finish it
see some weird water proceeds to dive in
it wouldn't you
it's a video game I know I don't
necessarily care about you I'm sorry I
just wanted to use your campfire what
that fine are you gonna check out
Assassin's Creed origin no no I do not
plan on checking out Assassin's Creed
origin I played the first Assassin's
Creed ages and ages ago and it never
left that big of an impression on me to
be quite honest with you okay well you
know what let's go um let's go to our
tall neck friend here and get the lay of
the land
so after I played the first one and I
don't even know if I finished the first
one to be to be quite honest with you
but it didn't leave that big of an
impression on me so I've never played
any of the other Assassin's Creed I do
really want to watch the Assassin's
Creed movie which is supposed to be
terrible I really want to want that
Assassin's Creed one is a terrible game
well it wasn't that bad because it got a
whole franchise out of it
here's the Tomek
whereas it's all night
just
the scavengers
right
now what scavengers pretty talking about
are you talking for
as the game noticed something that I
haven't
our beefs because these guys are
scrappers not scavengers right let's see
here I played Black Plague
I perhaps your focus can help settle
them
oh here we go those guys
get off
she just said it she just said it
anything my focus can reveal
oh there's the Tomek oh it's broken its
whole neck is broken interesting
so then stop looking at me I got it
he's into a Lloyd making observations
for you a main problem you went
in your video discussing yes she talks
way too much and I like the voice
actress but she just talks way too gosh
darn much
wait nope
No
tena koe straight critical straight
everything's fine everything's fine so
yes I do believe that a Lloyd talks too
much and it is very distracting it's
very very distracting and more
importantly it takes away from you
exploring because you want to explore
and then all of a sudden a Lloyd will be
like OMG did you see that over there and
you're not even looking over there
okay okay put it put it
yes it goes hit him hit him
actually you know what kind of sucks
about this is it's really hard to see
your white aiming reticle with the snow
it's really hard to see your white
aiming reticle on the white snow that's
okay let's be smart that's peace let's
be smart
his weakness is to fire I do have a bow
that has a fire so we will use that and
you don't have any fire you have fire
I'm already using
okay everything's gonna be fine guys
don't everything is gonna be just fine
if I can
yeah nope
gotcha
did it it's fine everything's fine
we did it guys we did it
let's make sure okay
now we can go up there and clear out the
scrappers alloy we're not starting this
we are not starting
perhaps my focus can help me
all right
no problem you're gonna be our main
quests so now we need to find the
missing tall neck parts this is
interesting I like this you know for all
the other ones the tall necks were
pretty we're pretty basic just hop on
its head do the thing this gives us a
little more things to work with Jack I
tried my best to defend riches honor on
the YouTube page from butthurt final
fantasy fan boys some people have a hard
time hearing criticism you know that
happens yeah that that stream I don't
think worked out perfectly for any one
fan of Final Fantasy or not I think it
was I do think it was a bit of a mistake
to have all those new people there and
rich playing a game that he didn't
necessarily enjoy I think that was a
little too much so I think some of it
got a little muddled but
to be fair rich was being a baby he was
and it could have been funny but there
were just too many people here so I
think I do think that stream in general
got a little model but I still think
there was some fun there I'm gonna get
some more water I'll be right back
Oh
need some more water
Bourdieu well we like I said I I had
brought I was told
I was told that just riches sister was
coming that only that only Aaron was
coming that's what that's that's all I
knew and I had assumed that Karen might
be there as well yeah you know Richard
sisters in town so then I I had assumed
that Karen might be there as well and so
I say to myself well then there's four
of us and if there's four of us then we
can do board entrance so I had brought a
bunch of board games with me I brought I
brought the Barbie board game
I brought underlings of underwing which
is a game I have think it's super
enjoying me and I do want to us to play
on stream Dave just because I think it's
a neat game
I had brought a game that I've been
learning how to play a little bit here
and there that I've also really enjoyed
called burgle Bros and that's a game
that I think rich would really enjoy
because it's about being a sneaky little
thief and I know rich likes that kind of
like the sneaky games
so
I was a critical strike critical trick I
was looking forward to board games
hey Louie
but then there were just too many people
there so you know right I didn't know
that we just other sister was going to
be there block you and then that which
is dad was also going to be there so
they were just way too many people for
board games like we have it we had a
hard time just we had a hard time I
think just getting us all in the room
dinglehopper
need to do what with my logitech camera
like shit
you
whoa shit no shit almost fell off a
cliff almost LF cliff everything is
gonna be fine
everything is going to be
all right he's too far away
excellent touch excellent Dutch top top
form Dodge
gosh dang it
sit down here get down here so I can
kill you die
died already thank you we got we got him
floor plans over what
burger Bros has an iPad version I'm
always wondering if I should buy it
thoughts on if it works as a
single-player I did see that it has a an
iPad version space I cannot comment on
whether or not it works as a
single-player game I've played a few
rounds that I played a few rounds as a
multiplayer game and overall I have to
say that I enjoy it I don't know if it
would work as a single-player experience
but it's all there you know it's
basically a lot of it is is just an
invisible ink a lot of it is just
invisible ink you know you have to you
take your turns it's grid-based movement
and then the guards take their turn and
you just have enough to figure out your
way around to be procedurally generated
map
so I think it would work as a
single-player experience very easy it
would translate is I guess what I'm
trying to say it would translate into a
single-player experience very easily but
I've played a couple of two-player games
and I've enjoyed it
I've only I only have experience though
with the kind of easier version the way
burgle Bros goes is you have random
floor tiles that that mean like you know
an alarm room the bathroom a safe room
and you randomly make three floors that
you have to explore while while dodging
guards and the easy version is to only
burgle two floors and I've played a few
rounds of that which I've really enjoyed
where I played a couple rounds of that I
so I dug that
ouch
down down thank you
where is that going that is the question
I find myself asking at the moment it's
okay focus can help
but
run run run away run away
either two of them spiders
wait-wait-wait-wait
freezing arrows freezing arrows
everything's fine
okay got one got one
it's gonna be fine
fuck
stop moving
tic
I thought I killed the little one but
apparently a new little one showed up
if everything's gonna be fine and
everything's gonna be fine
everything's good
except for I'm gonna die
probably
yeah fries already hold the dick above
the machine damn it damn it damn it
everything's gonna be fine
my bow is not very powerful
my fries bajos not very powerful
so now I got him tied down I'll run over
here I'll be smart
it's more ammo
please please please him freeze him
please freeze him
please freeze him freezy thing
freezing him
there we go thank you
dang it
go here go okay go get him go get him
we get it we did it everyone we did it
son of a bitch week two cold lives in
cold I am aware of the irony all right
we got the towel next stabilizer oh what
are you guys talking about in chat there
settle down all of you that's an order
we did it I mean I did it well you know
we get worried we all were into this
together I feel you know you guys are
you guys are here with me blue gleam is
a rare and valuable resource traded to
specialized merchants ah here's our Blue
Beam
that's how we can get our fancy new
weapons and shit exact you guys are my
moral support exactly that's exactly
what you guys are let's see here oh it's
really hard to read that hold on this
says hello jack and greetings from the
faraway land of Slovakia well Wow
the city of brats love up I wanted to
have you guys seen a cure for wellness i
i have nots and I don't know if Michael
J have either so I cannot I cannot
answer your question satisfactorily and
I'm very sorry about that
we got here demonic scrappers who have
no weaknesses yay but happened to be
walking right next to an area where they
can't see me is that we're gonna use
that to our advantage obviously
nothing nothing nothing
have you played the XCOM board game I
have not I have not that the XCOM board
game I want to say is very expensive and
so you know I thought like rich and I
might be interested in that but I think
that's a tough sell for like just a
random board game night
it's a everybody let's play this weirdo
ex-con board game we did try one night
we did try to play the Dark Souls board
game and realized very quickly that that
was not a board game we could play after
watching a few videos on it like you
know how to plays and you know best
things play it's what I've learned is
it's a board game that is not meant to
be played every once in a while I did it
must be like the board game you are
addicted to and I'm not ready for that
kind of time commitment you guys gonna
get a ps4 pro we are not planning on
getting a ps4 pro I would be honest with
you
we are not planning on getting a ps4 Pro
because the ps4 still works you know
there's I'm not I'm not really compelled
to get
just a fancier version of something I
already have that works so
is there reason to get a ps4 Pro if you
have the regular nine oh the priming the
pro isn't better you know it has more of
the things
I don't know you know and apparently it
can handle psvr significantly smoother
being someone who's not really
interested in psvr I'm not interested in
the Pro either
let's set them on fire let's do this
let's sit up on crack
yeah come on over here see what happens
what
what they didn't fall from a trap oh
look both of them went around my trap
few dingleberries
mad trip my mad trap strats were left
left me wanting well there's only one
left now let's set a fun little trap and
you guys can watch it fail how about
that see me don't you
now where you going
get it while I can
yeah come here come right here
if I have to push you through my trap
you are going to set off my trap that's
how that's how I'm gonna play this game
we did it ah great everything's great
everything's great
didn't expect to stream now perfect
timing I'm on my lunch break well
welcome rich with the Dragon Tattoo
every time I play a final Friday the
13th and I see a bear trap a little Jack
in my head says mad trap strats
absolutely absolutely gotta set those
traps all right where am I going now no
back to the tonic back to the topic
gather some that is smart
what do you think about the new Justice
League movie I haven't seen it it comes
out tomorrow I think so I haven't even
had a chance to see it so I have no
thoughts therefore I have no thoughts on
it I am interested you know rich and I
talked about this talked about this a
lot wait it was just like from a pure
from a pure academic standpoint it is
going to be fascinating to see if there
is a difference a clear-cut difference
between the the Snyder stuff and B Joss
Whedon stuff
am I going Oh over here that that to me
is what will make the movie interesting
so so I'm probably gonna see it I don't
even know if I'll be able to see it this
weekend to be known as game it gets
annoying the the the biggest annoying
thing was during the day you know you
have this nice bright reticle actually
let's see if we can change the color
event you have this nice reticle that
gets completely lost in the snow
it's road control mapping okay let's see
if we can actually change our the color
of our no you cannot okay I've heard is
very totally inconsistent because with
the Joss Whedon and Zack Snyder thing
right well that's that to me he's what
makes it interesting
that's what I'm looking forward to is
like you know play you play a little
guessing games play a little guessing
game what what's josh's and what's Zacks
metro Joe uh no I do not I do not know I
know nothing
nope what am i go to games right now and
your rare moment of free time this is
what I was really looking forward to
playing
but I've been really enjoying hand to
fate too
so I've been I've been getting more time
into hand debate too than I assumed I
would
no way I'll be able to take a machine
that big down
should be a good spot for jumping onto
the tone I'll just wait for him to come
around again this game is damn good
striker 1 1 2 1 yes yes it is I really
enjoyed this game it's one of the few
games where I actually cared about the
story I like how it looks the combat is
great Robo robot dinosaurs you can't go
wrong with robot dinosaurs the rottens
and if you guys have you guys heard
about that Rotten Tomatoes is not
releasing the thermometer score of
Justice League I want to say until today
they're they're releasing it today now a
lot of people like to blame their that
Warner Brothers owns a portion of Rotten
Tomatoes which could be partially true I
think what is more likely the case is
they have started a new show there is a
rotten tomatoes what does it watch it
skip it show and
yeah that's it was holding it for their
stupid reveals how they they have a new
show that they're putting out talking
about new movies and I think they were
holding onto it just for hype on that
show they want as many people to watch
that show as possible and so here you
have a huge movie that is gonna get a
lot of attention and and that's the real
reason why they were holding on to it
just to get attention for their show
they finally oh they did they did
finally release the tamama tur and it's
at 40% I mean all right
40% that's great that's just great
well and you know I know they they
really they released the social media
embargo a little bit ago so I've been
hearing bits and pieces about how in
general people do not like it and you
know we'll get all the reviews in time
all right now I just have to watch its
head
from what I have been hearing as far as
you know critics and reviewers who I
followed the general statement is now
it's not good but it's not as bad as
Batman V Superman which I mean come on
can anything be as bad as Batman V
Superman to skill points what we want to
use
Riis damage that's a good one I have
none of these can the researchers and
search down enemies while mounted that's
interesting disassemble resources and
modifications into 50% of their metal
shard value ooh you know what that'll be
good because then I can get rid of a lot
of crap and just get shards yes Suicide
Squad you can be worse than Batman V
Superman you know what
Darkwing schmuck Touche Suicide Squad
gets the coveted worse than Batman V
Superman title you did it you found it
out
there we go okay here's all of our new
dlc area look at this what are you what
are you great hey Jack did you ever play
borderlines - uh no I did play the first
Borderlands and I thought it was alright
I've talked about Borderlands a little
bit here and there
Borderlands I found to be pretty fun
overall but I felt that the fun of the
game got bogged down by the math gun
secondary game stopping all of the fun
shooty pew pew stuff so you could see
which numbers were bigger than what
other numbers of guns you had became
increasingly tedious and so I did not
even finish Borderlands 1 and never
looked into the sequels
but you know there there was a lot of
good in there hi judge frowny-face
welcome we're getting a little later
here I'm probably gonna have to stop
streaming in a bit so I can eat lunch
but I think this has been a fairly
successful morning stream overall we're
gonna see if we can get a little bit
further let's talk to to hear well I
come back after lunch probably not I
have started you find me we recorded an
episode yesterday so I should really be
editing that I've told it's an audio and
so I can't don't do that on stream
there's nothing fun to do on stream I
just Auto editing wise so live on camera
I'll order a pizza
don't worry I'll double-check my address
you can't fool me
eight o'clock here in Sweden it is it's
one o'clock and only a few weeks there's
a one o'clock here in Milwaukee and
energy pulses from them at least the
machines even repairs them it would be
nice if Borderlands included a equip the
best weapon option for extreme casual
play it could be it could be really nice
but also I get that that's why people
like it you know that's why people like
Borderlands is figuring out which weapon
they want to use because you know maybe
this one does more damage but you know
this other one has a freeze mechanic or
something so I would actually like to
see audio editing streaming I think it
would just I wouldn't be able to talk
over it I think would be the problem
and make sure I read my credit card
number clearly when ordering that beats
that you're right
Sir Lancelot Mick but yes I do like this
i I really enjoy this game Arthur said
this Damon was I've made it all the way
through the main story I'm I was really
excited when the DLC came out extra
excited now that I have an excuse to
play it more dangerous but I am very
very very much enjoy horizon zero dawn
even though it has possibly the worst
name in any video game because it's hard
to remember eruption is there an email I
can reach you guys for a question
absolutely pre reckless at red letter
media calm that is PR e are ec at red
letter media calm that perspective my
hand looks giant so yeah
what are your favorite parts of horizon
zero dawn just any any large dinosaur
battle any dinosaur battle that takes
longer than five minutes are my favorite
earlier when we were fighting the big
dinosaur and like the Stegosaurus
looking dinosaur robot dinosaur and you
have to like knock off its own weapons
and use its weapons against him I love
that love it great fun great fun alright
you want to stop the spread of the
Damon's work I know how to get started
with my bow and spear Outlander wait you
tell me your name good
if you fall to the Damon's machines at
least I can properly recount your
efforts to Araya thanks for the vote of
confidence but I won't fall
let's see we got here fearful slug boy
says overwatch path patch with the new
healer just went live maybe get a match
in before you leave you won't but a boy
can dream play some overwatch soon
though please perhaps we can do that
next morning stream get some over
lunchtime in the new healer does look
very exciting
maybe I could override it it looks like
a like a more interesting Zenyatta I
like that
I like that there's a lot there's a lot
of good in the new here it looks cool
so yes I'm looking forward to playing
overwatch which the new healer and we
can do downstream we can do that up for
another morning stream it'll be great
oh crap
that was dumb that was done running away
running away can't see me I can't see me
no you can see me you can see
there we go everything's right
I'm stuck in a rock
Oh
so every time that thing uses purple it
heals them I'm not even gonna bother
with that guy until I can take over the
tower that's what we're gonna do
look
ok we did it we did it everyone now
maybe we can go back and kill the big
chicken the big robot Dino chicken yes
yes lamb what it's all fine now it's all
fine now
oh that's right that's the one that can
this is the new DLC
this is the new DLC we are in the frozen
wilds
and everything's great
and everything is great okay
ninja quick my commuting strat there
Jack can't write what Mac can take care
of a little chicken having grown up on a
farm and alright see no there's no need
to worry the war gather snap Mullins
optional
lucky me there's snap malls oh it's
probably by the next one that's probably
by the next one all right it's fine
everything's fine and it's brief - Slava
oh sorry if I'm if I if I mispronounce
your your city name but are you really
that surprised you know on the on the
subject of people's who people whose
work you enjoy and they turn out to be
dickheads right a lot of that has been
coming out recently and there's no clear
way to to to figure out whether or not
that's going to affect your enjoyment of
their work in the future
it has for me it has for me for some
people seems I can take care of the
machines and towers the Damon's next you
claimed its powerful yourself somehow
perhaps Soria should meet you after all
what she truly seeks is hope it's a it's
a it's a cultural change for the better
though here's what I will say people
people are feeling comfortable coming
forward with this abuse or mistreatment
covered even Terry Crews right even
Terry Crews just came forward and I was
giving stories and there is a cultural
change where people no longer feel that
they have to keep these things secret
and I think that is a good thing overall
anyone who's a creepy creep owed needs
to be outed as such and make the climb
to go wrong but be careful the path is
meant to be an ordeal the fight was an
acceptable that's a good thing
absolutely SF partment no apps
absolutely further up somewhere ins the
stuff stuff that was happening a long
time ago
if you see her would you tell her who
doesn't love a good morning yes she was
right voice again so it's this is all
good things and obviously this is just
the first wave and that's why that's why
we're getting one right after another is
just boom boom boom is because this is
the first wave and now people will feel
comfortable talking about it publically
and so there won't be there won't be
that that giant push that there is now
because there is so many people telling
so many stories that it's it's
overwhelming it's incredibly
overwhelming but we just got to listen
we're just gonna listen people the
floodgates exactly leftover beefcake the
floodgates they be open
and I'm not I'm not here to tell you
that you can't like someone because of
something they did in the past that's up
to you that's up to you and how you
handle how you handle the the
entertainment you enjoy you know for me
it does affect me I what we talked about
this the other day with you know Woody
Allen movies that affects me I can't I
cannot watch Woody Allen movies with the
same joy that I used to oh there's a
snap and it's probably going to be the
same for someone like Kevin Spacey or
louis c.k or one of the other you know
hundreds of people who have been accused
recently don't you think there will be
some false accusations there could be I
think the the difference is any anyone
who has been accused it's either
something we've all heard before and
assumed we're false as etiquette
accusations and then you know so many
people come forward that it's not
feasible anymore
and so yeah there it's possible there
could be false accusations that should
not stop anyone from believing a victim
we need to make sure that victims feel
that they can speak out because that's
how you stop predators and if it turns
out it was a false accusation then we
deal with that but so far so far so good
which is a terrible thing to say
yeah so far so good was not the correct
thing to say so I mean so far when it
has come on I mean I remember people
writing stuff like these accusations
about louis c.k are not new people were
writing about this ages ago but there
was no confirmation to be had and now
there's enough people coming forward
while we're getting that kind of
confirmation where now it's almost like
oh design idiot before for not believing
this said some shit and that's
oh yeah no Mel Mel Gibson was a dickhead
and now he's back he didn't hurt anybody
he just said Dickon things we need we
need fire
what about Bush Senior bush seniors an
interesting case Bush senior's a really
interesting case because everyone who's
accusing him is just like ah he patted
me on the butt and he's a man in a
wheelchair and that's kind of round his
height and I'm not sure if what he did
like and he's also a senile old man and
so like that is actually more gray area
for me
I see we set up a little fire trap for
this uh snap mob yeah you're still
streaming what are you talking about oh
you know just some light-hearted talk
about people accused of sexual assault
NBD
this must be the ruin while I was
talking about deep din
what is that
wait come get me can I get me
get me come get me
no no no I thought he went down I
thought he went down
oh shit
that nice critical strike thing when I
knocked him down sigh and trying to
knock him down over and over again and I
have a thing where my my my heart harsh
attack knocks him down more easily
which is why I'm coming in for the
physicals access it
nice nice
got one got one look shit there's a
third one there's a perfect shit shit
everything's fine create more fire traps
please
what it is
my firetrap give him a firetrap
fuck you yeah
yeah dick you dick you robo dick
everything's gonna be fine guys
everything's gonna be fine
but will it I don't know
okay we got we got that we just got one
more didn't we
wasn't there one more oh yeah there is
these everything's fine we leveled up
great Jesus the tackle Tech right got
him listen we got him that's all that
matters
everything's gonna be fine
there is
I mean fiery
yeah come here come here
come on I put all my traps over here
you have to come over here cuz I put all
my traps over here mr. alligator another
one over there
come here you alligator fuck
oh I completely forgot how to go into
slo-mo mode by the way
and I just remembered how to do that you
have to actually press another button to
go into slo-mo mode
ally-gator son of gator absolutely time
to replay this tutorial sometimes that's
the problem with with taking such a long
break from games is you just you forget
all of the forget all of the important
stuff like how to go into slow-mo that's
dumb ah that's super dumb but hey I
still made it just Jack being Jack it's
I think we figured out I haven't played
this since February guys it has been a
long time since I have played this game
I will get to this fire and then we'll
call it there's a bonfire somewhere
around here
there it is I see
what do you think about the Pirates of
the Caribbean movies and the first one
was kind of cute and then I got over it
real fast real fast have you seen the
last one no I just I I think I literally
only saw the first one oh no nice price
on the first three the first one was all
right it was kind of cute and then it
was the joke just got a little too super
fast so I got done I got done I got done
I was done with it all oh so many
cracking of the knuckles all right I got
a call that I got a call this morning
thank you all for hanging out with me
this morning I really appreciate it
sorry we could not stream last night at
our normal times but hey we did it
we're here played some horizons here
done so now is the time in which we
thank all the people who subscribed to
us me during this stream I gave a tip or
did you thank you for letting me know
before we leave true blue review says hi
Jack what do you think of doom and
Skyrim getting ported to the switc seems
like the main selling point for them are
being portable but is it worth three
buying especially with dues downgrade
re-buying is the important question like
for me I am NOT going to read by doom
for the switch even though I could
because technically I played doom on the
Xbox which I no longer have
so I'm actually might buy it on the
switch just to play it again
is it worth 3 buying no if you already
have it on the PC there's no reason to
get it on the switch even though mobile
gaming skyrim maybe right this is one of
those things
it's one of those things where how much
game time are you gonna get out of it
for me
stardew valley was worth Reeb iong
because i knew i was going to get enough
hours to make it worth it
I might rebuy doom for the switch more
Somoza just to see what's all about but
if I'm gonna rebuy doom I might also
want another PC just to play with a
mouse for once that could be kind of fun
you know it's one of those things come
and get back up a couple come back don't
forget the hidden costs you need an
extra SD card for the larger games well
I assume doom is getting a physical
release right I was sooo fun in any case
is it worth it what do you already have
du monde you already have it on the PC
it's gonna look significantly worse and
be harder to play because you're playing
it with a controller button but you can
play it while going to the bathrooms
Yeah right okay so let's get to with
thinking of subscribers these are the
people who have subscribed during this
very stream much like Star Horrible's
who has subscribed to us for 29 fucking
months in a row Thank You star
Horrible's justin Horman who has
subscribed to us for 42 motherfucking
months in a row Justin Horman says good
morning I can't stick around I just
wanted to say have a great day everybody
well thank you thank you Justin
kaleidoscopic PEZ freak tourney Mac who
says I'm watching this at work so don't
make me laugh don't worry abrasion here
just this guy you know for 35 fucking
months in a row who says 35 months
that's like seven years or something
total lamer who says anytime you load a
save after you beat it it always starts
just before the last battle quest right
and I guess that makes sense because you
know there's some story quests that you
might want to finish yeah so where was I
observe a Tron 9000 for 13 months in a
row chatham Ephrata for twenty four
fucking months in a row who says you
rock jack to keep on being awesome van
dorbz then who says been sick for a
couple days but now chances are good a
euro friendly prereq stream can finally
cure me thank you
Jack Frost will do our best
six-six for 42 motherfucking months in a
row zack of the axes
who says jack is up dressed in doing his
job before I am even my favourite stream
is reminding me that I'm
easy you get when you got kids man you
don't you don't get to choose when you
wake up there's a little thing that that
elbows you in the gut until you wake up
gigas Giga site medium FC l33t for 15
months in a row who says 15 big months
run trip fall like that name that's
really good that's really good
Bradl 23 friendly AE a son of Jana who
says Jack saw Episode seven of Ranger
things last night and I agree with you
and rich also what's with the lunch
dream why we we had to cancel last night
unfortunately and so I figured heck I
got the morning man I got a morning and
I really I mostly I just really wanted
to play this game again and this gives
me a really nice excuse to play more
horizon zero dawn frog water whack man V
- black man V - for twenty three fucking
months in row says on a positive note
almost two years Pham the two doomed but
to doom Len flex in ski for 15 months in
row says this is one of the earliest
three streams on Twitch that was
recorded but never added to YouTube I
sent you a message about it a while back
but you never did anything
he was the link I'll look into that
sorry Linden I'll look into that I we
might not be able to for particular
reasons but I don't know how I'll look
into it litter colas
thank you all for subscribing I really
appreciate it
rich really appreciates it we will do
more of these early morning streams
every so often I can't guarantee it will
be a weekly thing but I know I enjoyed
it so have a good night everyone
also you should know that here
at home I don't have the end button so
we can't do the end thing so could
everyone just pretend like the big end
it just came up that was that was the
