Jun 7, 2017
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/159355651
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6mw6JMIAIc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/872508148275400704

we're gonna wait a little bit to see if
I'm actually streaming and my controller
here I have things I have stuff you see
me and my office is there a dark the
lighting in here is very strange but
we'll see if it begins just tell me if
you can hear me if you can hear the game
the setting should be slightly
normal-ish hi welcome start yo everybody
take a drink everybody take a drink and
I have my beverage just a spot of cow to
start with
20 seconds
Jack Ham hi yep I have it I have a Jack
camera you can see me hi hi hi lighting
is a little strange in here sorry about
that Jack is gonna hate this game and I
might but that's what's gonna happen
tonight
I know I look like right now I think I
look like I'm in a music video the the
lighting in my office is overhead and
it's very harsh so this is kind of the
best we have to get decent lighting or
else like all the light would be coming
from back here and my face would be in
darkness so it's fine it's fine
I'm Jack is very quiet then we can turn
my mic up slightly there now my mic is
up slightly tell me how that is the
lighting is not that bad good turn
myself up perfect is that perfect oh
that's better that's better great great
ooh a graphic update for horizon zero
dawn that sounds great
and I know I promised you guys spicy
pickles and fidgets spinning tonight
while I do not have a fidget spinner I
did want to show you my spicy pickles I
hope you can get a good look at these
dang spicy pickles see that see what it
says there it says hot
it says hot 2016 these are the real deal
spicy pickles oh my god
what are those hipster pickles these
were made by a very good friend of mine
pickled them herself and they are the
most delicious pickles you will ever eat
they look like cold pickles me that well
they are because I've opened them and so
now they're in the refrigerator but I'm
not gonna eat pickles live stream I'm
not gonna get pickles live on stream
because that would be weird and we're
not an eating stream like so many other
streams so I just wanted to show off
that I actually had spicy pickles there
we go okay so let's play The Witcher
let's play The Witcher I have never
played The Witcher 3 I have I haven't
played any of the Witcher games I've
never so specifically not The Witcher 3
someone said this is a good game and
fart noise you know right and so we're
gonna play new game
story and sword one
enjoy a smoother wall ride through the
world you're happy to be challenged ya
story and sword
let's do story and sword now people have
to send me the same amount of pages
spinners oh please do not send me finish
the fidgets spinners does my wife know
that there's a Barbie board game coming
in the mail that's a really important
question because the next morning I of
course told Lisa all of the exploits of
the Barbie board game and the amazing
incredible fun evening we had oh no I
don't know if they can see you huh she
says she wants to play the board game
you might have seen my wife's face in
darkness shadowed and covered in
darkness that wasn't that was Lisa and
she knows about the board game oh my god
you're right update the over light and
you're right
oh my lord I'm failing I thought I had
it all together here and I'm failing all
along I almost had it all together so I
told Lisa about the incredibly fun time
we had playing the Barbie board game and
witcher 3 okay and her reaction was we
need to play this with all the feminists
that we know and it made me laugh
and so i said i'm thinking about buying
a copy of this board game and she said
okay that sounds like a good idea
I thought this is going to be a
paranormal activity no
so I repeat young right so you know she
obviously is super interested it was a
pretty fun game and I I'm looking
forward to playing it with her so yes we
did get a Barbie board game and
hopefully some of our friends who are
feminists will understand the humor in
it and if they don't you know it'll be
really fun for us joke tutorials yes we
should show tutorials because I don't
know how to play the game simulate
Whichard to save do I want to simulate a
Witcher to save I look kind of like a
turtle all do I want to simulate a
Witcher to save is that something I want
to do
I'd hope they'd understand that it's
from the 60s and that was kind of
doesn't really matter No
no no okay
oh okay hopefully they'll understand
that it's from the 60s and it was just
from a different time and that's kind of
the fun of the Barbie board game is it's
so ridiculous that we can all laugh at
it now but where's rich Evans he's he's
off tonight I don't I don't know he need
he told me he couldn't make it to a
stream tonight so you know he's not here
1 do a recap of the Monday stream for
those who weren't here sure Colonel rich
mustard if you weren't here 1 you got to
make it to all the streams oh my god
hold on a crow just went through that
man's head that was really cool okay so
for those who weren't here on Monday
Rich's sister Katie was in town and he
felt like doing an impromptu stream with
both Karen and Katie and I showed up a
little late and when I showed up rich
was playing his usual games which were
you know FTL and Orion Trail just kind
of simple games that he could play while
holding a conversation then when I
showed up somehow the conversation came
to Katie had a copy of a Barbie board
game from 1960 in the trunk of her car
and so we immediately made her go get
that Barbie board game so we could play
it live on
and we played it and for those who don't
know the Barbie board game is about
being the queen of the prom and it was
wonderfully old-school sexist and
hilarious but the art on the cards was
really gorgeous I was so close to being
the queen of the prom and as everyone
knows I wanted to be queen of the prom
but rich overtook me and rich became the
queen of the prom it was a lovely night
the the past broadcast is on our twitch
page I highly recommend you go watch it
it's great it was it was honestly an
incredibly fun time
it was an incredibly fun time just
because we were all experiencing this
ridiculous game that's great
it should have been me it should have
been me I was so pissed I was two spaces
away from being the queen of the
problems and rich just grabbed it from
me but it was great yes and hopefully
everyone has seen the end is nigh
trailer that just came out today we
mentioned this a couple frames ago rich
is actually voicing the main character
in Edmund McMillan's new game the end is
nigh Edmund McMillen was on stream with
us once the creator of The Binding of
Isaac co-creator of Super Meat Boy and
so many other games there's a naked man
in a tub what kind of game am I playing
here whether it starts with a naked man
in the tub in any case Edmund reached
out to us
what
you know I don't find that amusing let's
just ordinary Witcher stuff great to
amuse but to prod you to hurry it's
midday
you promised ciri you train with her go
before best emir bores her to death with
those actions what kind of game is this
magical super crabs okay great
I really hope this game is allowed on
the street I'm not a stream button oh
yeah he has pants on now no dogs no dogs
great
death mullet says The Witcher is based
on an expansive series of novels they
are meant to be ironic and
tongue-in-cheek and don't take
themselves too seriously okay yeah it
seems pretty over the top which I'm
definitely okay with no dogs no boobers
buts perfectly okay though everybody's
okay with buts that's just a thing that
can appear in games no there's no
boobers look she covered him up she
covered up them boobers thank you a
cotton what
Oh oh shit okay we started we started
hold on something we have to do alright
I know
okay so we have to do already always be
inverting
yeah
ah here it is here's the options all
settings convert camera axis
away which is the y is the vertical axis
right
yes--why okay great
always be inverting there's a different
pause well you know there's this menu
there's the pause menu and the options
menu very different very important hold
the left trigger to use your Witcher
senses
I'm holding the left trigger and I don't
seem to be using my Witcher senses
see I thought Siri can stand - I don't
want to talk to you I should go
you're right I should go better go see
Siri go and train with her this this is
the PC version this was gifted to me
skip please thank you this is on PC I'm
playing this on PC this was gifted to me
through GOG so I'm playing this on GOG
this is rich approved GOG
rich approved GOG okay I am I cannot use
my winter sense
who's your Witcher said it's all on
mountain passes beautiful as ever that
does look beautiful that does look
beautiful
oh you know what and someone in chat was
asking before we started how the fuck to
afford a house I work I work a lot my
wife works a lot you know my job is
slowly becoming the things we do for red
letter media but I have other jobs I
make commercials and stuff
and if anything about this game is so
much dialogue well I'm gonna skip it all
mocked he required
all right
why won't my Witcher sense work think
about that think about why my Witcher
sense want work so in any case someone
was asking in the chat before we started
someone asked me if I went to prom when
I was in high school most see I have
this that's left bumper but left trigger
isn't working for some reason I do have
to change that
god
my fancy controller has some has some
flappers that I'm using my my super
fancy Xbox one elite controller and on
the back here if you guys can see it has
these super fancy flappers that change
it from my a long hold trigger to a
short hold trigger and normally for the
games that I play I just want the short
hold trigger but for this game
apparently it requires the long hold
trigger shown in any case in any case if
someone was over there we go someone was
asking earlier if I went to prom and I
actually went to all four years of my
high school as as a freshman I was asked
with an older classmate friend of mine
and we kind of went as a group
as a sophomore I DJed the prom because
that's when I was a wedding DJ and I
actually got hired purely randomly to EJ
in my own prom so I was there as a DJ
where of course before the prom for my
school which is very strange and
obviously I just went junior and senior
year by myself senior year going with my
lovely live wife Lisa proms together
show
to wake up master yeah overall volume
should be mixed right you might need to
turn it up a little bit in your browser
but should be fine that confirmed for
Norma kind of what did she took off kind
of I am skipping all the cutscenes I do
not I do not care about any cutscenes
they played Gangnam style at your prom
you must have graduate get mad at her
you like that about it ah stop it is not
something to be taken lightly
and the game is really quieter than
usual well I'm sorry man this is what we
got Tiberius I'll see you below skip
Jack will we get Donkey Kong racers yes
I found the power supply I found one
controller so I just need to find my
second controller and we'll be able to
play in strategic on raising yes which
taught me music did I play for my fellow
students whatever was popular at the
time this was the mid to late 90s so you
know what was popular around them
Beastie Boys yeah you got work to do
your reflexes are still slow how do you
help well you know what happens in the
game if I skip every dialogue I don't
care I want to play the game I know I
want to play the game that's no excuse
yep skip sorry won't happen again
apologies not enough sorry's not good
enough you're gonna rescan scammed of
discussion skip come on
of course let's begin tutorial okay
Grayson with your school or an elven
bathhouse maybe if you fall what
oh here we go
okay press a while placing a ladder to
climb it easy-peasy
but then pressing B to Clive don't climb
over obstacles that's fine about
breathing through your mouth rhythm with
your steps Oh
Siri cut it out my name is Siri her name
is Siri
oh I beat you I beat you already I don't
even know where we're going and I beat
you deal with it there's got to be more
to this game than story this game has
been constantly recommended to us and
you guys know that I don't care about
story games and there's no way I would
believe that enough that this many
people would recommend it to us if this
if it was all story I'm gonna go fight
something in the game but I'm here I'm
in front of you we what did you expect
Mary oh let's just get to the Unicorn
sex scene what are you telling me there
is a unicorn sex scene in this game
everything but the story in the game is
you pretty much see there's what the
chat is saying well you know what we're
still gonna play all right skip skip
skip might've but don't use my words of
wisdom ah yeah great
this is what do you think well you guys
get that you guys have to this is the
probably no I I would like to just play
the game portion of it and so I can
experience a little bit of the game
portion of it and you know what if I am
overwhelmed by the game portion of it oh
the combats really fun oh it's so much
fun to explore the world I can then go
back get the story and get the full
experience but I can't do that on stream
because then I will have to stop paying
attention to you and just focus on the
game and that's not what we want we're
starting some shows even skilled masters
need to hone the fundamentals and series
barely a novice all right let's see we
have lost in technical says Jack what's
your favorite Spielberg movie that isn't
considered among his best like War of
the Worlds amazing expect to go on sound
design let's see here and some nice post
9/11 things I'm probably one of my
favorite Spielberg's and isn't
considered one of his best and I guess I
don't know if this is considered one of
his best is Close Encounters that has
always been just a favorite movie of
mine it's such it's that classic
slow-burn sci-fi where you're not quite
sure what's happening it has a little
mystery to it Richard Dreyfuss is
amazing and really solid sci-fi movie so
Close Encounters I don't know I don't
know if that's considered a Spielberg
classic but it's one of my
flute favorites
so okay combat training target okay so
we got we got fast attack fast act
strong attack and dodge dodge is always
the most important what am I gonna do I
did select the target do I need to
select a different target using L and
press B to dodge nice
okay nice to roll out of the way I chose
the completely different direction let's
trigger to parry attacks oh no I wasn't
paying attention
sorry
for my counter okay so this is there we
go
this is what I'm looking for the classic
counter okay I don't think I'm doing it
right left bumper which is it's open a
quick access the quince I'm okay
press a select it active okay okay I did
that okay right trigger witches now
watch carefully to see why ow
Terry when is sometimes okay we're
learning big me okay why are you using a
controller with this cuz it seems like
it works very well with a controller any
sort of third person action game like
this I'm a controller person you people
and this feels like it works really well
with controller
okay disorient not back
okay cool this seems like some neat
combat fundamentals I'm pretty excited
about this throw a bomb at the training
coat
on the spot right
you can train
get up continue training it works oh no
no I didn't want to keep any pretty shit
Wow
well maybe I need a little bit
nice okay great
done training den fitting that looks
great I think I can handle it
I think I can handle all that looks
great okay let's see here
spoonful of hooker urine says does G
rating is still sort of a purpose it now
means babysitter and if you're young
enough to be the target audience your
parents had to come anyway so you're
gonna have to be the target audience
your parents have to come into it no
because there are still children who are
of an age to go see a movie by
themselves and the ratings are a
guideline to parents and actually
they're they're pretty helpful you know
they're just kind of a general rule of
thumb where you say hey something's
rated G no matter who I give that to
wait a minute something's happening
something important
oh my god
wait do I have cat eyes
what what
that's
perhaps my focus could help me perhaps
that hack bod thank you
perhaps perhaps a vendrick Oh was that
all a flashback and my daughter is long
dead now alright is that what happened
like me yeah yeah yeah okay I was part
of an order I had a kid scamp I'd rather
not talk about it so let's hit the road
let's get out of here wait that
flashback half-drowned in fact no you
know what those interesting that was
some nice visuals like the the head
would look anything the head hidden
mentos you practice tell me that was
what she looked I was into that village
to the ground get out of here get out of
here go get out of here get out of here
get out of here wait I still have the
unicorn stuffed unicorn you just it once
or twice certain situations things young
folk get up to these days back on topic
how's it look how far behind unifor are
we saw here if half the game is the
dialogue tree then I won't be playing
that half of the game I'm gonna be
riding around on my horse combat with
orcs and shit that's my plan
smell it ghouls see we got ghouls that's
yeah ghouls is my first like true to
combat situation
all right
they're like a stamina me here
suck it ghoul oh I thought I killed your
side get out of here cool
we got this we got this that's like the
fast forwarding to the action in a
Tarantino movie yeah
remember if I enjoy the combat in the
world I will go back and play it and
really get into the whole story
situation it won't work well stream what
was that
okay let's see here you can regenerate
vitality by eating or drinking or by
meditating for at least one hour for the
drink consume them oh okay great
sake oh hey were you but vesemir where
are you going wait I want to loot all
these corpses
I'll loot all these corpses the vesemir
no put that away
no put that away thank you
why do I have two swords why do I have
two swords that seems strange okay no
more corpses to loot wait
hello crystals go black crystal
eat a little bit great great
is Jack sitting in a homely no I'm in my
office and it's poorly lit normally and
so I'm lighting it in a slightly
different way couldn't stop talking
about how useful they are as creatures
that's who don't press L up so I'm
lighting in a slightly different way
oceans from their blood great great
theory collapsed why do I have to I have
two swords and then you should sound for
my office I probably shouldn't but in
any case I have two swords and I'm not
quite sure why I have two swords but
that's fine the two swords make perfect
sense goddamn it well not to me they
look pretty similar out of its rounds
don't you mean one is silver for
monsters and one is steel for human
enemies okay you know what I'll take
back that comment that that makes
perfect sense keeps us going
great that's fun that we're a hangman
hangman looks great when he eat some
more faster oh I'm sorry
who looking at crime crime people that's
always fun
hello crying people I am The Witcher
whoa you probably don't want to use
silver for both because silver is a soft
metal and so I have probably wears down
easier so you want to save the silver
for the monster and use the steel which
is a harder metal for the humans that
would make sense that would make sense
for me first of all I am a robot 101 I
certainly wasn't complaining about
having two swords I was just saying why
I was just asking the question
oh look at okay oh I get to fight on my
hamster
let me fight him let me fight him come
on game me let me fight I'm gonna fight
I'm gonna fight a monster oh oh I don't
get to fight the monster yet god damn it
I I was letting the cutscene play out
because I thought I was gonna fight the
monster and here's the problem with the
cutscenes is I didn't get that fight
that monster you don't know what's that
they don't owe us anything
guys we're good guys yeah we're good
guys yeah well it's fine it's gonna be
fine I thought this would be a fun idea
because this is a game you know I'm not
gonna call this a Jesus Christ shut up
already but you know we get we get asked
to play The Witcher quite a lot and so I
thought this would be a fun opportunity
to just dip my toes dip my toes in The
Witcher wild you know I really didn't
know what I wanted to play tonight
I had nothing particularly to play
here's what I will say now that I'm done
editing this episode I'm just gonna take
that out of my ears so while I was
editing the strafe episode
okay we're here you gotta put this thing
back in my ear now that I'm done editing
the strafe episode I finally got a
chance to play vanquish now about five
hours into vanquishing so far I don't
really care for it
whoa watch out Biddy and I've been
talking with rich a little bit via text
and just saying I don't get it yet and
he's trying to coach me through it but
so far I am I am NOT digging vanquish
now yeah but you get asked to play this
by people who think this would be the
one that makes you love stories and
games oh I know that's why I'm hoping
I'm hoping to fall in love with
something cuz you know like if there is
if there's something good about a game
it can lift up weaker aspects and so if
the combats great the world's great
enough fighting monsters is great that
can get you into the story right so
that's what I'm hoping to get to looking
for a woman for a woman and hopefully I
can get there cuz you know the combat so
far even just in the tutorial was pretty
alright but in any case I'm not
Jeremy will you go so far I'm not super
into vanquish I don't I don't I don't
understand the combat in vanquish yet
and you know keep in mind pretty early
four or five hours in the combat seems
to be so frantic that I don't seem to be
in control after I win in an area I
don't really know what I did to win or
how to like feel like that badass that
you're supposed to feel like you know
cranks the strafe episode was very cool
yeah you know it was shorter than a lot
of them have been recently but I really
I really liked it it felt like it got to
the point what's the game station
episode about it I did and I don't see I
still don't like it I so and you know
again I'm very early in but so far I am
NOT into vanquish and I'm hoping that I
find it I'm either I either hope that I
find the thing to love about vanquish it
or I hate it so much that rich and I can
argue about it because either what then
it'll be entertaining question that much
longer than five hours oh god I hope
people know there's a cat can I pet the
cat at the can cut the Cat come here Cat
oh oh shit I'm talking to a guy looking
for a woman I wanted to pet a cat like
everyone I wanted to pet a cat fine I'll
have a drink fine give me cut to the
chase
what who never mentioned it
yeah you just sure I did not want to
talk to this guy where's the universe of
course it's not love
before great great schedule great great
that weird no don't care I'm sorry I'm
sorry for talking to you I'm very sorry
for talking to the road great I'm very
very sorry for talking to you great I'm
gonna leave now no wait there's a
treasure can I open the treasure chests
I can store weapons and hours okay great
don't care about that let's go let's go
yeah perfect oh shit it's these guys
no one your kind here oh I'm gonna kill
these guys I'm gonna kill them
we'll make use of an ACCI sign this sign
influences people's mind causing us to
act according to your will
three against one my aren't you brave I
can only assume that is the I murder
them option I won't stay long meaning
I'm the kind man giving them the
opportunity to leave or back off using
my Witcher power I'm gonna say I'm gonna
be the kind man oh I see now giving me
no choice
I'm gonna punch him good punch him good
punch punch him good where's my sword I
can't get my so I want to kill him it's
not letting me get my sword up good it
doesn't want me to kill oh I wanted to
kill him though can I kill him now
no you jerks jerks all right let's go
all right I like this on the map it
gives you the path that the if you
notice that on the map there that has
like little white dots that's the path
let the story is on that makes it easy
for me
dodge don't roll baby I know and I'm so
used to Dark Souls or a rolling is the
dodge I'll have to get used to that role
is a down just be I'll get used to it I
don't want to play Gwynn's I want to
fight monsters I want to get to this
story wherever I can kill the Griffon
that's what I want to get to I guess
this is going after yennefer how do I
find that Griffin where's my mat pulled
on us take a look here
and there's this noticeboard monster
contracts okay
hold on this is where we're gonna go
we're gonna go check out those months
their contracts we're going back back
where we came from
move it back where we came from we're
gonna look at those monster contracts
come excuse me buddy I'm not very good
at writing a horse not very good at
riding a horse but we're gonna get there
no I think I was supposed to go this way
maybe I think this is where I came from
yeah this is where I want to go okay
excuse me people
well you're the ones in the road if you
think about it all right oh oh shit
I didn't jump with your horse yes I
noticed that if you hold the egg with
okay I think I just picked up all the
contracts great every important location
you have discovered well beyond the
world map to jump to your current
objective press the L button to scroll
the map use at all okay okay okay no
quest is available I've discovered oh my
god so many undiscovered locations
oh here we go oh come on Oh
okay great I'm no I'm not okay great I
don't know I wanna go back to my man
thank you
Quest's here we go with your contracts
second erequest Oh where's my where's my
quests to go kill the didn't I go on a
quest to go kill the the Griffon I want
to go kill the Griffon where's all those
things that I picked up on the boards
gosh darn it I know I never won in the
chat and I'm not looking at the chat but
now everyone in the chat saying you
don't pay attention to the cutscenes but
now you don't know where you're going
well that's true but I thought she said
I needed to go pick okay the Griffon has
the boss in this tutorial area you'll
get there during the main story okay
main story then let's go out of here
let's go kill a Griffin great
that's what I want to do I want to fight
monsters I don't care about my daughter
or finding my ladylove or saving the
world from the evils of some sort of
month well I guess I scare about that
because I want to fight the monsters
what's that
that monsters
come on slower
our monsters
what are those red dots wolves oh well I
don't care about wolves I don't want
monsters witcher's get a witch hold on
hold on there's a wolf in it over here
then I'm gonna have to kill there's a
wolf over here then I got killed
there we go nice got'em dead wolf fan
loot no nice great okay I kill the wolf
everything's great where's my horse
they're half werewolves go go right now
that's great I'm really happy that
they're half werewolves
what's your contracts are monster
slaying quests yes I am excited for that
part of it ah
there's people screaming and I don't
care about that right now
hi jack I don't think I've heard you and
rich talk about war films do you have
any other any war films that you think
they're great keep with the great work I
don't know come this way this way horse
for me personally not specifically I
guess you know everybody likes Saving
Private Ryan that's a fine flick whoa we
got thank you but I have no specific
last word war films
yeah I'm coming for you now coming for
now yeah now you're dead and now you're
dead congratulations and you're dead too
you know why cuz your wolf brother came
after me damn it now I'm gonna die
because I decided to take on the wolves
okay you're dead
great any other wolves there's a hole
I'm gonna kill you not really like want
to kill you but you know I've killed all
of your brothers so this kind of makes
sense at this point sorry and not sorry
oh what's that you see that what is that
come on
ah shit I'm you attacked me you attacked
me I just want him to say hi we've got
little fish people over here oh okay
okay I'm leaving I'm leaving
they're catfish people that was that was
The Creature from the Black Lagoon and I
loved it I fought him on stir I'm
incredibly happy but where's my horse I
left my heart back here
hey I remember I remember how to call my
arse Hey Hey look at me paying attention
it's a Torrio's and shit it's gritty
here we go
move it wait there's treasure there is
treasure
oh there was there was treasure i'ma go
get that treasure thank you Rachel or no
thank you I will take all of you I would
take you thank you
treasure take all of you great and I got
off the treasure
excellent okay all right I can get into
this we have Swamp things we have wolves
and we have Griffin so I can convene for
this up arms guardians of the galaxy -
is a better Star Wars movie than a rogue
one I mean in people doing push-ups cool
just you know I didn't care for either
that much didn't care for either that
much
I know I know which I hello military cop
no locals allowed without the express
consent of the use my Witcher vision no
I have out to you you look like trouble
dead wrong
I make trouble go away I'm a Witcher of
Witcher captain feature
ah you know a chair so scary I'm a
Witcher I which would be nice I do the
wishing things and I wish someone with
your custom did he just call me a nerd
Ling
get out of here nerd
okay weapons and armor great how much
grain will your village give I know the
wings look I'm Batman I'm Batman I'm a
Witcher
so we speak peasant to peasant how much
can you give someone only the elder man
and the Smith Willis you are to talk to
be him he is a dwarf very perceptive of
you
yep I'm a wheelchair I do the witching
I've been through yeah yeah I'm a witch
ah it's a deal it's a deal
great some questions before I started
her age Griffin has its lair the Nord
crew very cool yeah it's so cool god
damn it I'll meet bait a specific herb
buckthorn bucks on ya ten miles buck
buck probably mastered the basics no
first go to
my other problem with like this hole
they won't say any MS law this whole
like gruff voice I'm just taking them
out of my ear so on to me my other
problems the gruff voice isn't currently
I'm playing vanquish and eight out of
the six main characters have gruff man
voices and it is very upsetting nice
I took your mediocre or haha everybody
and vanquish talks like this yeah they
all talk like space cap and it gets a
little annoying so right now and dealing
with more gruff man voices yeah yeah
look at this look at how the gruff man
I'm gonna get no gonna get me a Griffin
where's the Griffin I need buckthorn
yeah
oh I'm not dissing the writing at all
I'm sure this is something that I could
okay I'm sure this is something I could
get into but not on the stream because
I'm trying to talk with ya all and play
the game so I just want to fight some
monsters I want to be comfortable to
combat and I want to I'm sure that said
something very important I just want to
figure out whether or not I will like
this game the game part of the game not
the not the story whether the story is
good or not and because vanquish is a
satire in that shit it's still very
annoying hey hey I'm the gruff guy yeah
I run thing I can do sprint all day I
can great
I probably should have gotten my horse I
didn't know that this was gonna be so
far away hold on I'm gonna get my horse
the pitcher now that's a game I would
play faster but of a pitcher you play as
a young girl convincing her family she's
not a bitch it's a heart I don't run my
ass gets stuck on a cart gets stuck on a
cart auto run no I know there's a map I
just figured that the person I needed to
talk to would be in town so it was an
assumption I was assuming that the
person I needed to talk to was in town
Oh oh hello what okay that's not okay
get off a horse all right here's the
herbalist that I have to talk to about
buckthorn probably saying too much but I
know a bit
for instance the herring is poisonous in
large doses small ones through the pain
and bring forth Pleasant three great
looking for backfill are looking for but
yeah captain
great
temper not from here come on listen come
on combat if you check out the question
marks on the map they usually treasure
guarded by such damages okay great
you know what that's a good idea I'll do
that see if there's any question marks
near me okay great
okay great yeah head lay oh let's go
over there give me your horse we're
gonna go check out this question mark
over here see if we gonna fight some
shit my horses name is roach and you
know that's not the name I would have
chosen for my arse because Roach is a
you know a roach all right thank you is
back here
come on roach
yeah okay great okay great
this way roach
there's a treasure the RB a treasure
over here we're gonna figure it out
ghouls ghouls okay here we go
boom okay here we go
I take the roll and you guys already
told me don't roll it Dodge
don't roll Dodge
okay great
you can probably hear me slamming like
button mashing the heck out of this
which I'm just gonna be okay with
because you know cuz I'm still learning
there we go I did it I did it
use the oh the five you know what I
completely forgot about all my spells
you're absolutely right I was just
hitting them with my sword I did it I
help these poor villagers yes you're
welcome I know I'm such a hero oh hello
my items have been enhanced thank you
yeah
emergent great
that's right
pick me and then I use this
okay great I should eat
have some water my horse is on a rock
let's rock and roll
okay I know how to do stuff now I am I'm
resume I'm ready world map
what
let's go check out that area come on
horse
a question mark over here that we're
gonna go check out because that seems to
be the order of the day so let's just
check out some shit in the right
direction
kind of
come on let's go horse Roach you just
called me a witch fuck
what who killed him
oh shit that's right I have to get my I
have to get my damn it it wouldn't let
me hit him with my monster sword because
I didn't have my monster sword how far
back does that take me now that I'm dead
I'm not that far back okay great
steal weapon silver sword I believe I
had my silver short-out and it wouldn't
let me attack them but you know what
we're gonna write the fuck back there
we're gonna kill it we're gonna Myrtle
ate those people it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great
oh also for any m4 any mobs who are here
for any mods who are here rich wanted to
make sure he wanted me to remind him
before he didn't know he was streaming
tonight to give an extra thank you to
all of the mods for the great job you
did on our special Monday night stream
obviously it was he was a little worried
about having his sister there but but
everything went really smoothly and and
he really appreciates that oh god
there's a wolf in the mix there's a wolf
in the mix
all right I got this I got this
die commie Pig all right oh my god there
kill they can kill each other
hello who's that are you on my side oh
they're on my side well yeah fuck you
guys
mine now mine now boom
right
so who were those guys who were helping
me out how did we end up getting
ourselves a copy of that Barbie ball
game we didn't none riches sister had it
apparently riches sister just happened
to have a copy of it because it was a
hand-me-down or it was given to her what
what happened I ran through the fire
there was a hand-me-down she just
happened to oh who's that
never oh you dead sorry man she just
happened to have it in her trunk because
she wanted to play with her aunt or
something and you know she was in town
sporadically and said hey aunt you know
and one of these days we'll play it and
it just like I said it just kind of came
up in conversation please read my tip
okay look hold on let me uh
I could at this point I could really
just use some sort of potion here it is
cat
receiving damage
oh I got to do something I got to do
something goddamn foraging
some kind of alert what all right
Neal Breen says hey Jack if I send you
guys an oculus rift do you think we
could get Mike to play Star Trek bridge
crew also what can I do to get Eloise
Cole out of my nightmares two-part
question so one no even if we had the
gear it would be well it would be wolf
apparently can't just stand around in
this game even if we had the gear it
would be incredibly unlikely that we
could convince there's another one
coming that we couldn't that silver
convinced Mike to come to a string Mike
is probably just not coming to a stream
and the sooner that everyone can come to
peace with that the better second how do
you get I mean like if you send us an
oculus rift to rich and I might get a
stream or two out of it you know we
would appreciate that no guarantees that
we would use it very often but we might
get a stream or two out of it how'd it
get eloise coal out of your dreams you
know I recommend at least 20 to 30
minutes of mid-day meditation that'll
just make your nights a little smoother
let's see here anonymous is Jack I love
single character RPGs such as Fallout
and elder scrolls this game looks very
appealing to me as well
any game recommendations for me no
because apparently we have very
different tastes and games but and if
you are a fan of a single-player RPG
this would be right up your alley
this is not necessarily up my alley but
you know oh there's a little question
mark over there so it's right to the
turn 90 degrees this way okay let's head
over here see what this question marks
all about no you and I have very
different taste in games if you are
don't get out if this is the type of
stuff you are into let's you know what
let's forward John our way I punched
oh look at that thing whatever that
thing is
place of power should draw from it oh
okay
like this
I gained an ability point shit-shit
I'm in the world map no I gained an
ability point there is character when
you have gained a certain number of
experience points you advance to the
next level if you experience if you're
if you get experience points for killing
monsters and completing quests your XIV
ability points every time again level
these points can use to achieve new
abilities branch belongs to fast attack
develop it by pressing X okay great well
let's see what we got here we got a
point we got a point available perform
fast melee attacks with either sword
that could be very helpful this is one
of your core abilities it's not exact
'iv for my strong melee attack both
school defense technique let's see here
allows you to wield a light handed
crossbow could be nice blows landed
during calm and generate adrenaline
points that's the one that's the one we
want
oh I guess we already have that fast axe
damage increased by 5% that's nice
strong attacks damage increased by 5%
dislike the arrows okay points you know
what our light attacks seem to be doing
the most amount of good so if we press X
we acquired that ability that's not the
flashiest of abilities I have the top
her already I figured that out
sorry it took me a little bit so just a
stronger light attacks and you know
that's not the oh that's not the
flashiest but I'll take it
I'm sorry what
I'm sorry there's a race here now
Master nerve
gotcha
nope don't got you
what
cool okay that was neat even though the
whole point of being resting better was
to get my health back and because I
rested there I was thought I thought a
race or something I don't get it but
it's fine
we're gonna roll with it we're gonna
roll with it
Jack fix vanquish is garbage I did not
say that I think vanquish is garbage I
said that I have not gotten into it yet
that's that's B's okay that's B's that's
very different than me thinking it's
garbage it's just I'm not in love with
it like riches in love with it and I
hope to be one day I hope to figure it
out oh you know what let's turn around
and go check out that question mark over
this way it's just one of those things
rich is absolutely in love with that
game and I trusts rich but also I have
my own opinions and I don't quite
understand why it's a good game yet
maybe one day I will thank you put your
sword away
these are monsters silversword
okay not doing great not doing great
but we're gonna kill these monsters
hidden treasure yes
I probably don't want to get into the
water until I kill this motherfucker
first I can and killed perfect find this
treasure then I'm gonna meditate alright
I already did find the treasure
apparently I already did find a treasure
it was that key a key that that guy had
that was a treasure like my problem you
know like enemy variety is a little weak
in vanquish the levels are all the same
so far but more so it's just the combat
it's all so hectic it's all so hectic
that I never I don't feel like I've
mastered it yet and that's a big problem
where it feels like I'm flailing how do
I meditate again meditation give me an
hour give me an hour of meditation thank
you there we go got my health back
so that's one big deal it's like I don't
feel like I I don't even feel like I
understand I don't even feel like I
understand the combat in in vanquish yet
so absolute that was lute brain gotcha
call Jan I can have a conversation about
Vanquish well I can't calm oh I was rich
in the chat my sister's not a lot of
rich welcome your sister was lovely to
have on stream something that the one of
the very first things that I noticed
when I got there cuz obviously like I
got there a little late
he's what unnatural she was she
Irish Katy picked up on bits and running
gags like that she was a natural and she
was she was able to roll with punches
really easily she there there must be
some sort of some sort of entertainment
gene in your family
because she was on it she was absolutely
on it who was some sort of great oh it's
one of these things again Alero magic a
place of power
you got
magic place of power
cut diamond they're real puffball get
rich on the viewscreen
I don't know if I can right now
okay this Wraith is strong get that
Rafe is fast shit shit
I'm on to you already
come on to you hold on I'm fighting a
race
I went away from my rolling tactic I had
a pretty decent rolling tactic and I
moved to a I moved to a dodging tactic
if someone said that should be on dodges
and that's when I started getting hit so
I'm going back to my rolling back
shit oh no I was so close
Oh
this house humming
place of power it's gotta be
I'm Way back here Oh son of them porch I
went I forgot about my magic again I
gotta remember my magic I gotta remember
okay mom we're gonna do the same thing
that we've been doing here
I can't remember my magic
I don't think get me I'm a big dummy
big dumb dummy but that's okay we'll get
through it
Jack get it together I will try that's
all I can do is try is this herb over
here or something
we're picking up fruit these things got
them all right these bastards got a key
or something give me your key you know I
cut off your arm I could get that's what
you get for making me fight you twice
got the key right remember to save -
yeah
boom I just messed with his mind I don't
know how much good it did but I did it
I'm here oh shit well it's still one
now we're gonna meditate now we're gonna
meditate just an hour full health great
here we go I thinks we don't have to
repeat the whole game right right it'll
be fine it'll be fine we're all here so
now I'll save do I know how to save save
a game save a game
empty safe slot save game you cannot
save your game right now
game saved great everything's great so
now we're gonna try to face this school
again and I think I can do it and after
this I'll get back onto the main quest
button I felt like I was close enough
defeating this goal last time where I
can do it
these days and our should draw from it
let's do it
all right I got this
got him got him let's see if we can
light him on fire
can't really light him on fire what else
can we do influence their minds may be
stuck in a tree stuck on tree
everything's fine oh that works that
works get there oh I got you I got you I
sent of a bitch race
I thought I beat him I thought it'd be a
god damn it
why why have I not beat him yet why is
he not dead yet
why is he not dead yet his health is
like nothing chat why have I not beat
him yet
I'm hitting him for zero why have I not
beat him yet you're doing zero damage
because you are bad at which are
apparently
oh they're fine I gained in the bill
okay hit him for more than zero how yet
but it doesn't matter you know what I
took the thing and he's gone now
apparently and that's fine and that's
fine you didn't use your didn't Wow shit
well how about that shit you know what
he's gone doesn't matter he's gone what
is this
great happy because I you know what I
still beat him that's all it matters
he's gone I win I'm the best winter ever
that's he hurt him
great great magic trap you think you
think you're all that and a bag of chips
here did Jackie say well I'm not ticked
off that was a that was a really that
was a really deflated victory because I
got his health down but the ghoul kept
fighting me and I was doing no damage
because apparently I had to do one
specific thing to beat him and that was
kind of BS as far as I'm concerned you
know what I'm gonna do though save the
game
save the game great great save the game
uh I'm gonna take a little pause break
I'm gonna refresh my beverage I'll be
back in just a moment
don't go anywhere or do I mean I can I
can't control that about what you do
with your diamond so you know give me a
moment we're gonna we're gonna do that
I'm gonna pause it
I'm gonna mute it
you
this is gonna be great okay hey so they
can hear me now and they might be able
to hear you say hi rich yeah yeah don't
don't tell them any of our personal
information but okay here we go
great so rich is here with Skype and
we're gonna try to figure out how to get
him on skype on the stream so he can
talk to me I was just gonna stream for
another like half hour or so but it
would be great to have so give me one
second here I'm not going to turn my
camera oh it's gonna work rich I
remember how I did this before right now
my office is an unholy mess
like the amount rich the amount of like
lights and microphones and I have the
web camera set up the amount of things I
have set up in my office right now are
ridiculous yeah that's what I do rich I
tried it I try to put forward my best
foot okay but now we have to add another
chord because the way that I used to get
this to work is I'm actually going to
plug into my microphone out of the
headphone jack of my other computer and
I'm gonna Skype you from there
don't directly into my USB microphone
yes that is weird
all right let's what I'm gonna open up
Skype rich I'm gonna see if I can see
you there
all right everybody we're gonna we're
gonna have rich Evans in like hold on I
can turn my camera back on so you can
see me so you can see me flip you can
see my chair break and me fall down
great perfect
can I hear anything that's right did I
have to do something for this did I have
to do something funny with my microphone
I think I remember that now I'm messing
around my microphone that's pretty cool
this is gonna be great guys
a lot of static on the line is what you
hear great this is going great so far
maybe it's my other and it might be too
difficult rich yeah no and I appreciate
that you did one you absolutely
blatantly disregard it in - why did you
okay hold on I'm gonna put you right up
to the microphone why did you ditch out
on our live stream and there was no
other time you could go to a
minor-league baseball game in Kenosha
oh my well then that's I mean that's
that there's nothing else we can do
there's no I mean I can't win apparently
over minor league baseball well oh and
by the way that's why everyone here is
absolutely okay with you missing out on
this dream we got a bonus stream this
week and not only a bonus stream a bonus
stream for the ages like the the Barbie
board game which by the way where do you
need to know that I have purchased and
it is on its way the Barbie board game
is on its way to me right now
alright but I cannot get it to work at
the moment and so we will not be skyping
so this is it this is it thanks for
calling in
okay well everyone says hello to rich as
well and and we will will see you again
on Sunday marriage oh yeah
okay that was rich Evans trying trying
to do good by it by skyping in but
unfortunately I'm not I am not prepared
for my this networking now probably
because I'm not no gosh darn it
do it you there we go
I'm not prepared for skyping for skyping
audio so we don't get in any case snack
we're gonna play a little bit more of
The Witcher and then we're gonna be done
well that was just terrible finds out
that was just rich on speakerphone that
was rich on speakerphone normally like I
said I what I do is I run an audio line
out of a different computer that has
Skype running on it oh there's another
question Mike into actually the USB mic
that I'm using right now so you can hear
him a lot better but it's been so long
since we've actually done anything like
that and I'm not prepared for that
so I actually forgot how I did it and
made it sound okay oh I'm gonna follow
the clip and I can do that that's fine
let's meditate because I don't because I
don't yet understand how to make herbs
I'm still collecting all my stuff I'm
just gonna meditate for a little bit
is this game as boring as you'd expected
it to be as I expected it to be no I
think I can understand why everybody
loves this game you know why cuz I about
an hour ago I decided to completely am I
supposed to take these these are
probably some yeah this is like a farm
I'm not supposed to take these about an
hour ago I decided to completely fuck
off with the story and just do side
missions and I've been able to do that
which is one of my favorite things in
hell that's behind me one of my favorite
things in any game is just the ability
to say I'm gonna go or I want to go and
if you've noticed that's what I've been
doing and I'm really enjoying that part
of it oh look beautiful horse horse
beautiful horses where's that where's
that question mark okay I'm on my way
this is the so this is the important
part of any game is the ability just to
give let the player choose how they want
to play it that's probably a wild dog
fucked up wild dog
great
well that fucked up wild dog Rahmi boom
mommy now mommy now
where's roach I left roach I left her
out to be because I wanted to loot I
wanted to loot the world which means
that I can't be on that horse that I
don't necessarily want to fight wolves
right now but apparently I'm gonna oh my
god there's just a dead body out here
son of a bitch oh my god I'm completely
forgetting about fire and all that
also I'm still treated like a targeting
system damn it
crap crap don't die the Wolves I'm gonna
die - well it's great
good great
damn it
favorite overwatch character Jack -
don't crap because he's fun to play and
kamikaze suicides blow them all up
I do like junk right like favorite
character favorite character versus
favorite want to play are two different
questions which I'm sure you understand
well you know let's go back over all
know that seemed to be that seemed to be
too dangerous formula is there any
question thanks question marks back over
here alright let's turn this way I think
this is the way I wanna go oh I mean let
me get my bearings and we can know hard
right
there we go favorite overwatch character
might be either Reinhardt or soldier 76
I like soldier 76 as just like a cranky
old man who's seen way too much of this
shit and it's kind of tired about it
very very die hard very John McClane
soldier 76 yeah let's go this way
bunch of question marks over here that I
want to check out and so I really like
that about soldier 76 he's just he's
John McClane and he's tired of this and
he's seen it all before and I had damn
kids you gotta push into payload and
Reinhart being being that kind of
over-the-top boisterous like a hero's
journey yes those are just some some
classic characters that I really like oh
I can level up again oh that's right I
got another point
okay let's see
parry arrow deflection lightning
reflexes time slowed I don't need to
think I have a crossbow yet so that's
not gonna do me much good trial appoints
loss taking okay
you know what we'll just add another to
light attack right I do there I'm gonna
do there why did I move that over there
hmm
activate oh I oh you know what I didn't
activate it before huh loop see fast
attack increased by 10% now great
great now I'm lovable
okay yeah as in yada - great - the idea
of this like Dali Lama s peaceful monk
robot who also has the ability to do a
bunch of damage to people that's great
hello goose goose I I think that's one
of the one of the things that I've grown
to really love about overwatch is its
characters even though their characters
don't really matter in the game you know
there's no story in the game the story
is all outside of the game and I've
loved watching the little story elements
unfold and that's just that's that's
good that's good game making as far as
I'm concerned where am I going
there's noises behind me I'm going to a
question mark okay I'm going I'm getting
there
so I mean you know just a lot of there
today a lot of the characters speak to
me for very different reasons all right
now we're gonna use use some of our fire
damage probably won't do much but it
telekinesis blasts here we go shit we're
gonna be fine go oh there's more of them
crap there's a lot more
that's fine okay great
light attack is Gontier at max in this
game well great
cuz that's where I'm going
right I'm a girl just going for that
treasure yo there we go
while a thing a silk there's lots of fun
trip
whoo-hoo that look like good Fraser
you're good treasure
lots of good treasure over here great
great great great how can I get away
with meditating over here or are they
gonna come and kill me because I've
meditated over here that's the real
question
well you know what I'm gonna do it
anyway
great and they're not killing me yay
hair hair
now let's find another question mark
let's find another question mark there
seems to be one at my was that 9 o'clock
at 9 9 o'clock that way dear
all right let's see here jack
no let's see here lewd dirty axes saw
you guys playing River City ransom on
YouTube I backed and tested that game
that dude on the couch and the hideout
was my idea well great I know rich had
such a good time with that game because
he apparently oh oh no oh no that dear
stuck look at that I see that hey way to
go game developers you're torturing this
poor animal way to go and now I have to
kill it that well I didn't want to kill
that animal the game developers made me
to put it out of its misery
thanks a lot those creepies creepy
crawlies nice
great boy roll away always be rolling
I'll always be rolling nope you can't
get me cuz I'm rolling away
yeah I think I've been not shame on me
no that was that was the developers the
game developers made a mistake and that
was their fault I put that deer right
out of its misery and so you know
congratulations jack for caring for
animals you're welcome world I will take
my award from PETA now he was just
trying to exercise oh I'm sorry was that
a was that a nature treadmill and no no
it was not
area liberated and I know I know rich
really liked that River City ransom
underground not necessarily my deal just
because I have no love for the original
button seemed like an alright game we
had a lot of fun playing in I'm sorry
what I'm sorry
what okay I'll eat this now yesterday
night I'm taking on I'm taking all your
stuff and I'm igniting that I just what
I just wait for what all right let's
find one more question mark one more
question mark then we'll call oh good
there's one right there perfect right
there
fine one more question mark and then
we'll call it a night this has been this
has been fun but it is also very late
okay I'm heading right towards it
perfect
Oh perfect and it's a bear and it's a
parrot great perfect
I'm gonna be rolling bear
oh that's good first of all I thought I
hit ignite
oh yeah back off bear that bear back off
yeah back off
shit oh my oh that bears the the bears
attacks are actually not telegraphed
terribly well so I did not understand
that he was hurting me when it was
hurting me I thought it was just nudging
up next to me and it was actually
hurting me
shit Oh
the bear killed me well
I'm spoonful of hooker urine I'm not
going to read your tip and I'm sorry oh
well that was fun
that was a whole lot of fun we're gonna
leave it there though just because it is
getting late and it's time to call it an
evening
sorry this was you know I know this was
a short stream I was a solo stream
obviously we got a bonus stream in this
week because of Monday and this is just
how it works so here's what I'll say
about The Witcher 3 I'm probably gonna
give this a chance but as soon as I'm
done with vanquish I might give
well-wisher Witcher 3 the old I would do
this oh no I might give Witcher 3 a try
so in any case now is the point of the
stream in which we thank all the lovely
people who have subscribed and to us
during this stream and thank them for
their patronage much like T is CLP nine
nine nine who has subscribed to us for
32 fucking months in a row and we really
appreciate that collecting data who has
subscribed to us for 27 fucking months
in a row and collecting data says I
would like a bite of that spicy pickle
please I I can't recommend spicy pickles
enough don't get the store-bought kind
find the hipster part of your
neighbourhood and there will be a
farmers market and in that farmers
market someone as spent as selling it
spicy pickles that's the person be
friends with Gino suave says lol tickle
my pickle pizza train 11 who has
subscribed to us for 28 fucking months
in a row says thanks again for the great
Barbie game stream I know you didn't win
jack but at least you got your pretty
pretty princess address and here's the
thing piece of train my dress wasn't the
princess dress it was just a pretty
dress and I got it it was a gorgeous
blue dress that was a dress I wanted
and I feel really good about that
where am I going you don't even need the
hipster part you're saying you need the
hipster part if you want the spicy
pickles because you can probably go to
any farmers market and find homemade
fresh pickles but you want spicy pickles
you got to go to the hipster part where
worry game child UK says yay ten months
whoa
coke nope cake girl via for 14 months in
Iran says Jack you have always been my
favorite
just don't tell rich thanks for the solo
stream tonight snow 7s is very cool very
cool
Neil broom who has subscribed to us for
15 months in Iran says Eloise Cole sits
in the corner in my room watches me
while I sleep yeah and exile D VIP
how about exiled VIP 3 oh I get it now
exile the Viper I put it all together I
put it all together and exiled Viper
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
here's wand to all not just our
subscribers but everyone who watches us
