Sep 24, 2017
LEGO basement sorting
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/177773729
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W47jsSQzqxo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/911988223114608641

if this works this is very possibly
won't work but it might it might work so
if it does let me know why goes lejos
yes here's my big pile of Legos hi we
have video great not hug G that yeah
yeah a little early a little early hi
our biscuit is here it's working hi kids
alright great hi welcome everyone my
setup is very very jank the plural of
Lego is like oh I know
the setup is very very weird we have the
web camera
that one right there we have the web
camera on my laptop that is looking at
me it's happening great where they where
the organization is going to happen
that's what we're doing here I won't pan
across to show you the rest of the
basement but you thought it was a joke
option well - no it's not it wasn't a
joke option so like the entire floor in
the basement here is covered with legs
oh it's a lot like you see right here
but I have this is our basement I have
all these bins and you know you can see
right here this is our dark grey bin
which is a mess like look Mario's in
here and there's like all the different
colors in here right but then like here
is our like brown bin this has all the
different shades of brown missi we have
our blue bin here we have all sorts of
different bins like you know this one
for example has all like the single bits
with like the little things so we have
all these different things just for
water tiles but you see how empty these
bins are because the kids dump them out
and and spread them all over the place
here's here's our guy this is our guy
bin this is this has all the guy pieces
in it and so like back here behind me
like if you can see I have these great
this is a good thing this is a bin that
I enjoyed this is all the steering
wheels and controls and stuff see that
that's a cool one what the fuck
that subpart is pronounced well good I'm
glad you can hear it like it's rich and
it's for the subs that's right please
show biscuit biscuits right off camera
he's right there but he doesn't feel
like being on camera right now when he
does I will get there and so what we're
doing tonight now but I need to let you
guys know like I gave you some options I
gave you a heat signature which is a
brand new game that everybody wants to
see right I gave you I get mg which I
really liked playing with me and then
sorting Legos and this is what you have
chosen for for tonight I put it to you
the viewers and this is what you've
chosen we do have a beverage so this is
what we're doing today we're sorting
when was the first thing I want to do is
clean out my dark grave because I mean
look at there's a Pokemon there is a
there is a Pokemon in my dark gray bin
that doesn't even belong anywhere so
that's what I'm gonna do apparently not
everyone not only that like the hot new
games is the least devoted for I thought
at very least it would be second set a
corner of I mean no this is a it's like
a monster doll we got this a while ago
it's a cute little stuffed monster doll
got a cool root behind me I gotta keep
the chat a little closer to me it's hard
to it's hard to read the chat while I'm
just thank you so creepy because we
wanted it to be creepy alright so yeah
first thing I'm gonna do is clean out
this bin like you know any any solid
colors like over here I got my white bin
so that's what you know for any bin
that's closed I'm gonna throw it up
there like look at this just heads heads
snacks like heads stacked on each other
that's what the kids bringing something
I need to do anyway Bionicle peace
financial box so we'll be with you while
we chat about stuff stuff and things
what do you guys feel like chat about
thing I can tell you as I'm talking who
patrons this art performance tonight
ever everyone who is here watching
patron to this art performance tonight
is Wonder Woman worth buying on blu-ray
Wonder Woman is a very good movie is it
worth buying on blu-ray is entirely in
sandwich I have to try to like do this
on camera so you guys can see little
taking apart stuff wonder was a very
good movie what are the extra is on
blu-ray like that's the real question
get commentary where's my light gray pin
yeah you get behind-the-scenes features
ahead of them is it worth owning maybe
because it's a very good movie or use a
brick separator here if you have a lot
of Legos you gotta get yourself one of
these orange brick separators they are
great
you know and I feel bad about that
because I'm told they're ridiculous and
good watches but I just never got around
I never got around to my tips here let's
see here future future Jen says thank
you for taking a chance and going with
this weird LEGO stream I hope we'll get
to have another eclectic stream in the
future such as cooking you know we're
giving this a chance I know it's weird
shoot all day I had a really good shoot
today it was it wasn't an rlm shoot it
was a commercial shoot me and brother
and my good friend Tim Higgins were
making another montage for a company and
it was an all-day shoot and I don't know
how many of you are in the Midwest right
now but it is hot balls everywhere they
say that all of the erratic weather down
south all the Hurricanes and all that
are holding the warm air for us in the
Midwest and it is true
I never heard of this game before this
well you know work we're in the twitch
IRL section which I've never been in
before so we'll see how we do there in
Florida the heat is still a nightmare I
believe it but like right now we're
supposed to be fall
it's pardon me it's actually really
creepy here because the leaves are
starting to fall off the tree and you
know fall is happening and it is warm
it's in the high 80s high humidity but
the leaves are still falling out the
trees like people are getting prepared
for Halloween
binoculars okay dorable binoculars but
it's warm so it's just weird just weird
guys fire a fire is in the dark gray box
sometimes it's because when I tell the
kids to clean up I tell the kids to
clean up they watch Lego Superman wash
in the dark gray box three hundred and
seventy viewers watching a grown-man
sword Lego pizzas this is our smooth is
not a roll tonight once biscuit gets
over here I keep trying to I keep trying
to entice this kitchen here like my
braid where can you guys see this good
leg right here you can't see him right
here but you can't see him right here
I'm trying to entice him over because
he's right he's right there he's like
right on the other side of that bin and
I keep trying to get him over here
but he's not having any of it about Chad
and prereq over watch him let me tell
you about overwatch Chad hopefully
everybody got in on the
hopefully everybody got in on the free
weekend this weekend was another one of
those play for free weekends for anyone
on the fence the updates to Mercy have
been fantastic you just you feel like an
absolute tank as mercy it's still it's
still sometimes very frustrating because
as mercy is very dependent on your
teammates and if your teammates don't
care about having a healer then you die
a lot and if they're not looking out for
you you die a lot so you get into those
games even though even though they
completely revamped how you play as
mercy you get into those games where
people don't care that you are there to
help them and people aren't listening
when you say hey maybe you could defend
me when I'm healing you but beyond that
I mean you know those are kind of just
normal mercy gripes so I'm not too
worried about that but it's still it's
great that's true that's what we're
doing if you follow previously recorded
on Twitter you could have voted in what
I play tonight I really I was looking
forward to playing heat signature' been
playing a little bit of good signature
it is interesting I don't know if it's
good yet but it's interesting you know
heat signature is like a mix between
hotline hotline Miami with FTL like
controlled or at any moment you could
pause time figure out what you're going
to do and then unpause time going into
you know crazy ultra violent rampages
putting a pause at any time balloon
thank you pause at any time which is a
really interesting
great let's see here anonymous says how
is the diet going this week Jack my my
lentils worked to go everybody was
skeptical so I was stuck at 198 for for
a very long time and you know obviously
if you're on the side is very
frustrating but I figured or I assumed
that part of the problem was I was just
having far too few calories and so I
added lentils to my breakfast and that
did it and so this week 196 two pounds
down this week feeling pretty good about
that feeling pretty good so I was back
on track world
it's an eyeball
that's an eyeball should that go with
the heads that should probably go with
the heads right
you
yeah I'll bet
hi favorite products from Germany
I'm you know so once again we kind of
half joked about a Lego sorting stream
and I put it to the chat or I put it to
Twitter
I put it to Twitter what you guys are
going to see either heat signature more
pub G or sorting Legos and this is what
y'all wanted to see if so this is what
I'm doing we have these pieces I don't
know if you guys miss T's Lulu here it's
not focusing but you know it's like
light blue it's a very different color
than the grey but it's not quite blue
either so we just put them in with the
dark grey because it seems people almost
a thousand people voted
let's check the final tally almost a
thousand people voted for what we would
be playing tonight right what was the
final tally oh no over the over a
thousand people voted for what game we'd
be playing tonight and 46% wanted Lego
sorting so so here we are here we are
sorting Legos something I have to do to
keep my sanity we haven't even gotten
into the fun we haven't even gotten to
the fun Lego sorting it like right now
I'm just cleaning out the bugs Raven it
might be fruitless because it's just
just so much I can't write a little bit
here so you can see what I'm doing
like there's all these tiny little
pieces in here and it's really
aggravating
because this is supposed to be the dark
gray box bargain hit my mic you guys see
my beverage use my mics and that's fine
okay great
I only have the one screen also for
everything no drag crunch I don't think
you see my no you see my pay last me but
that's about all I get that's all you
get for right now okay to figure out how
to like sit down here for extended
periods of time while dynamite that goes
I have an accessory box so while I have
I have a like a weapons box somewhere
we're just gonna start it so like in in
the back here yeah you know smaller bins
we have like this size bins and this
side was bins it's a it's like a screw
organizer like a nut and screw organizer
so we're gonna make up we're gonna make
a bin for weapons and I put fire in with
the weapons bin because that's what
makes sense to me so we're just we're
just gonna start that bin because that's
what is this the leg of room well this
is the basement and the basement is
mostly the leg of room are you ready to
come here biscuit biscuit is sitting on
some like instructions at the moment you
want to come here I will bet you if you
come here this is the thing that will
happen I will pet you if you come right
here
I've come right here and I will pet you
he's right there
and he's not gonna do it he's not gonna
he's not gonna come I can't turn down
the tip audio I'm very sorry
because he's not gonna do it I am unable
to turn down and I don't know why I'm
unable to turn down I'm streaming from
my Apple computer which I you know we
use the strength of a Windows computer
and for some reason the desktop audio
tab is not showing up in my audio mixer
and you know part of me was thinking
like oh you know what I'll put some
music on in the background this could
just walk further away okay I'll put
some music round in the background while
we're sorting Legos and final time sort
Legos I do have my vacuum down here
in case any spiders come we are in a
basement I'm sifting just saying it
makes my skin crawl although sifting
through like those spiders could happen
at any moment
and so I have a little vacuum over here
okay are you doing we have some beanbag
chairs down yeah I'm just trying to
climb on them and failing these are the
things I'd love to pivot my camera to
show you but my setup here so precarious
that it would cause everything to
crumble and I'm not quite ready to let
everything crumble like all we're gonna
get accomplished tonight is cleaning out
this bin just making this bin the dark
Gray's again okay with all these get
thrown bin like these these like clear
tube things should get their own most
they already have their own guy see you
gotta see what we all have here - Ben
look there's already a bin with that
stuff in it the kids like Bionicles this
kid will save you from the spiders no he
won't is the thing you won't there's a
bin for everything well you know there's
a yeah there's we have a lot of bins
the hope that's the hope is that when
the kids want to build something they
know exactly where the part they need is
and so you know a lot of people accuse
me of being more business but I'm trying
to teach them that you know there's a
there's a there's a method to creativity
and if you're organized you can it's
easier to be creative okay hi everybody
let's see here VAR er says I find this
far more fascinating than perhaps should
then I scrap should but I don't care the
spice must flow and the Legos must be
sorted that's very true
Lloyd beet says in case it hasn't
already been stated by the time this tip
is read so you know the oh my god tip
sound effect is mind shatteringly loud
I'm I'm very very sorry I guess I like
you know what I could do here is I could
just I'll just turn that off because
I'll still see the tips if I just do
that we'll see if that works
we'll see if that works thank you and
I'm very very sorry that it's very loud
and I can't adjust it it's frustrating
for me as well but we'll see if that
works
thank you that's a sneaky guy a guy with
a dark grey outfit into the guy box one
thing
okay the problem with organization
organizations where I have like over
here there's a whole bunch of guys just
like here's guy heads and I could just
grab and put them right in the guy box
but one thing at a time gray box first
gray box first
okay alpaca death trap says Star Wars
new movie premise a man captures for
sensitive folks and drains their blood
then centrifuges it extracts the
midi-chlorians injects them to become a
super synth so so Jedi vampires is your
idea you know not the worst idea not the
worst idea I think you know it might be
a good idea to just of all just to I
know rich you know rich isn't a big
family just to embrace the whole Jedi's
thing and give them give the Jedi as a
worthy opponent when would this be set
is the question is this set when there's
a million Jedi's or is this set like
during the decline of all the Jedi's
when when the Jedi's are running and
hiding and it just like they're running
and hiding from from Vader and this
gives them another thing to fear for you
know like they're know Vader's they know
Vader's on the other side of the galaxy
and so they feel safe when suddenly the
Jedi's vampire comes
let's try this one Vader well I guess it
wasn't was he
Vader than when did he turn when do you
keep baby officially turn into lord
Vader
not just anakin it's hard to keep track
of like those districts of when the
switch was made so did you hear that did
you hear that oh my god let's see here
yes heard it yes is it how does hell
well crap oh crap let's see what I can
do about that none I turned the tip
thing off so you really shouldn't have
heard it hold on let's see if we can
let's do this okay
I've now removed it now we'll see you
next time we get a tip now see should
make your kids walk over all the parts
of pain statement we have to sort out
they know they're immune they they find
the gaps they can walk in this madness
and I don't like di ha but they could
find the gaps and I mean good for them
little guys tiny tiny little guys look
at these would be X like these little
guys get their own box to put those will
start a pile those guys already so I
know those guys get a box already I
think these square ones go on - it's
time for a sister act reboot or a third
film yes a third film that's where you
should that's what you should do where
where they are now a sister act 3 funky
faith one of the one of the sisters is
having a crisis of faith so she leaves
the church and searches for Whoopi
Goldberg so you know join will be in her
Vegas show which is now super Pato
Whoopi Goldberg is like super famous
Vegas is a lego football in the weapons
of course and for a series of mishaps
would be accidentally teaches her to
believe in her faith Whoopi is not super
into the faith but you know I don't know
maybe she prays or something
a step spitballing here sister x3000
now did you hear the head oh my god did
you hear her today how are you guys
hearing it
it sounds oh here we go
okay I think I just kind of have fixed
it by taking the sound away we'll see
guys it's a - yeah I have a few key
issues I have a few tattoos we'll see if
that fixed it do you have a mic on that
you don't know but I am there's a
microphone right here you might be able
to see the flute penis if my microphone
know if it was coming like because the
ones the sun's not that loud to me if it
was just coming through my microphone
you I don't think you'd be able to hear
it that loud but let's see what brick
Yeager says hi jack what was your wife's
reaction when you mentioned Lego sorting
stream explain your sorting system why
just the color matters PS biscuit is a
fucking princess just like his owner
it's true and he's sitting right over
there not even looking at me knowing he
knows that I want and that I want him to
be over here and sort of Legos with me
and he sees being him he's being a
princess he's bringing princess yet Oh
Steve Zuzu gives us our first bits bits
have been bits have been thrust upon us
we no longer get a choice when we when
we accept bits so we have had to accept
bits I'm gonna try to find a good gif to
put like right underneath our camera
for the bists but for now I don't even
know if anything shows up but it's but
you know I'm glad you know we we got
them if people have bits they like
spending bits sure we're trying that
we're going to try not to make it too
distracting but we'll see ok so my
wife's reaction when I mentioned the
Lego sort extreme because at first I
mentioned it kind of jokingly and I was
like haha
wouldn't that be silly and her first
reaction was just actually that's
something that really needs to be done
in the basement so you know if that's
something that you want to do good
there's all these little guys that I
really want the first stream I've seen
live and once is this thank you welcome
welcome to the Lego sorting stream
chosen by our Twitter followers this is
what is happening tonight Rich's very
busy building so that's a fake spider
it's big fake spider that right there
and trying to flip out later when I
forget that it's there
so yeah my wife's first reaction was was
you know positive because I be down here
cleaning Legos so she's all oh she's all
for it as long as I don't bother her
she is all let's see here why just the
color see it's not just the colors when
you're shorting Legos it's it's all
about organization right and but it's
about size distribution and so for the
bigger pieces that's when the color it
sounds like you know here's all the blue
ones alright you got your light blues
your dark blue is your medium blues
that's when just the color matters
because well the big piece isn't
generally easy to find but when you have
things like when you have things like
these guys which are like the the four
prong the four prong circle things that
are that are flat and thin then you know
color doesn't matter as much as type and
so we have a whole bin of all of those
types and so it's just picking and
choosing which one will work best for
which situation and then you know paring
it down from there like for a while we
had all of our dark grays this is the
dark grays and our light Gray's you know
here's the dark red here's a library in
the same bin but then we just got too
much room so that we needed to separate
them they played plastic army men I
don't believe I did have some action
figures back in the day but hey I found
Joker here look at that
I got Joker here nice nice
that's gonna get you soon everybody like
to joke
Jack isn't gonna waste his calories on
soda no I figured for sorting Legos I
could I could spare a beer yes because
Saturday is cheat day usually Sunday is
a little more forgiving as long as you
just drastically reduce the calories I
should be fine mom this is a three
philosophers beer which is very good
very tasty see when I put that - let's
see here coming oh yeah this guy's
fuckin special purposes it's very very
true which three philosophers I don't
know which three philosophers has just
called three philosopher
well and you know I would have done pub
G teamplay had you chosen pub G and
pumped G was you know in the running for
a while that's still a pretty close
second it's a little tedious but once
you get them all sorted it's great the
wonders that are just a circle these
guys that's a big pain in the butt but
it's worth it worth it to have no
organized because you can find what you
mean when you need it
that's the important part find what you
need when Twitter flexes over hey follow
us follow us on Twitter and you can make
these decisions you can help make these
decisions be part of the solution you
don't like the direction it's going kids
often often we will make the kids sort
Legos with us or you know just say all
right before we watch TV tonight we're
gonna go downstairs when I sort Legos
for an hour then we can watch TV but you
know it just doesn't happen too often
and because it's in the basement it's
just sometimes we just don't even talk
about it that's in the basement
who cares
I'm almost comfortable giving them
because we're just getting into like the
like these chain pieces like chain
pieces those is an allegory for adult
life okay
so you probably heard that then there's
just nothing I can do to save you from
the tips and once again I'm very sorry
you probably heard that oh my god Wow
yeah yeah sorry
what tire is there a tire somewhere
stop tip
but yeah if you give me bits you won't
hear me oh my god let's see what we got
here we got fair dinners as you learn
which convinced me to buy stardew valley
and I'm absolutely in love is a lovely
little game can't thank you enough
friendly reminder Episode one of
telltale Batman is free I picked that up
the other day I don't know if I had ever
played a telltale game and some people
were talking about telltale look at this
just a big white piece first episode of
the telltale Batman Batman I could
probably put up with lack of gameplay if
it was a story that and I made it a
little bit through that telltale Batman
game and just knew immediately that it
was not for me the little QuickTime
action events the you choose your own
story but it really doesn't matter like
just you know should tell me a story I
can't give me again that's it
that's pure choice so I did not much
care for the little bit that I played a
hotel bill
but I did give it a try I did give it a
try and just a whole lot of not for me
you know I'm just gonna play the walking
dead if I'm telltale it was fantastic
even though I thought I'd hate it yeah
you know what maybe I would maybe I just
like a stream of it just a let's play
you know I started playing it and I was
really just kind of hoping for a story
like a story and then every once in a
while I got to choose my own adventure
but then like you know get the fights
and the way hey you got a swipe up you
got a swipe down but all the actions are
really we're really the story section
kicked in and then you have to me you
have to make story decisions and you
don't have a lot of time to think and
I'm still finding fuckin wing pieces in
here what the fuck is this I am sorting
Legos and so this is my this is my
darker gray bin which has been corrupted
by other Legos Lego on Solo in carbonite
I'd love to start sorting all these
Legos on the floor but I feel like I
can't
while my great bin has is it has all
these non great pieces in it because
like you know once I start what the fuck
is going on I am sorting Legos as that
was the will of the people I put a
little Twitter poll out there I'm so low
streaming tonight riches which is
building building sets and was so he
wasn't able to stream but I'm sorry I
put up to chat
I said hey check I kind of feel like
playing heat signature that new indie
game by the makers of gunpoint or I know
that you all like puck G and play with
people or I could sort Legos for your
amusement and Twitter said you know sort
Legos for amusement
so I'm here I'm good you guys see can
you guys see Clayface
I'll think again like Clayface this is
this is my Lego the kids aren't allowed
to take it apart
this is Clayface and he's beautiful look
is like face moves you make them smile
you couldn't see him before gonna put
camera on biscuit biscuit is over there
I will grab him I'll grab him later if
he doesn't come over here on his own but
to do builds with PC case with Legos yes
I have enough Legos here to build a
fully functional pika you know a full PC
case I won't because I don't think I'd
make a very sturdy PC case but I could
yes I have a crap ton of Legos we got a
lot of hand-me-downs we got we got we're
gonna be lucky with a couple of rubbage
sale halls just like people getting rid
of their kids Legos
and then you know the kids started
getting into Legos until then for every
birthday Christmas whatnot they start
getting Legos and so now they're Lego
kids we're just fine
that's me like it's like a rocket pack
you can barely see on that webcam but
it's a rocket pack that goes on the back
of the minute that looks like a solid so
you know you get confused cuz like this
piece has yellow on it but it's attached
to this is like a shooter that looks
like a pretty good grey box I'm gonna be
okay with that
it's time to address this situation you
know there's many ways to handle this
kind of sorting and you just gotta just
kind of start going
it's there and that's the real thing so
I suddenly goes from my childhood there
probably in here somewhere like mixing
we didn't have a ton of Legos go
we did not have a ton of Legos growing
up so you know the little I had are in
here somewhere but they just weren't
that remarkable so so that's it
far-right farm that's the thing when you
grow up on a farm we didn't have a lot
of things this is where it gets tricky
because like this is obviously a thing
but I'm gonna take it apart because
we're organizing all the pieces and so I
feel a little bad taking apart things
but at the same time we have to organize
all the pieces this is what we're gonna
do let's see here I'll pack a death
tracks a Star Wars movie premise man
jealous of Jenna let's see here the blue
prism says Jack do a flip no normal you
know why cuz I can't can't do a flip
so because I can't anymore sorry late
Khan's his tests tip can you hear me now
what about the movie where they
genetically modify midi money because
they make people lose Jedi powers and
virus for
like they're so desperate to get rid of
the last Jedi that they like come up
with a bio weapon to remove all Jedi but
it has an unforeseen side effects that
it awakens Jedi powers and people who
previously did not have them and then
the vaccine doesn't work on them you
know I like Star Wars I like the movie
star wars
like I like Empire Strikes Back greenbox
I have a green box problem I mean
somewhere alright that's the way I like
to you original three movies like I'm
just fine but I don't know if we need
anymore I don't know if we need any more
Star Wars I just don't care that much
about the Star Wars universe I would
much rather have some sort of other
sci-fi thing flips are hard for tall
people maybe
Jack sorting Legos with the sound muted
and listening to the C&C; red alert
soundtrack is surreal why why would you
be just watching the stream muted that
seems extra strange but but you know I
am sorting why goes right now for
strangers on the Internet so I should
not be talking about things that are
strange strange let's see here epic
Jason X 9000 says a bit nostalgic I'm
sure but I thought it was hilariously
appropriate for be Jack the Lego maniac
stream or as my father would say hey
Larry asked well and I can't click on
that like right now I've of Jason but I
will click on it later and Anonymous's I
like Legos but not my story when my dad
told me to pick up Legos I would pick
them up by hand being a patient he would
grab my hand and force me to scoop them
up a pain worse than stepping on them
I'm so I'm very sorry I'm very so now
you know we just start the process of
grouping like things together there are
a few boxes that are close to me and so
like if I come across any white ones
they'll just go right in the white box
everything else gets disassembled and
organized and sorted into like things
into like objects the extras in space
copper that has some pretty fun
trying to think of what the extras on
space cop are there's a good house good
outtake reel on the space cop let's face
gotten the space gap there's a good
outfit grill that's pretty fun so yeah
I'm gonna say it's worth it then we say
buying space cop here's my loop in
Dave's my blue bean
I have a lot of Blues in this pile so I
had a it's good let's see here no this
is I like no we already do that one
great great the commentary and the gag
reel aren't worth of why I can see the
stuff is on the website already
oh well then they go there you go I
actually haven't listened to the
commentary track I should I should
listen to the commentary should I go for
it and sleep in it no I like my bed so
maybe if these streams continue and
we're done sorting then we'll have like
a building where where for you know we
have different tasks different things so
biscuit biscuit is on a beanbag chair
cleansing himself at the moment you
really want me to interrupt that you
really want me to interrupt you so I can
show him on camera first of all I know
that the answer is yes
I'm gonna I'm gonna let him finish well
let him finish his business he didn't
ask you didn't have to start that's
something that I thrust upon I'm gonna
try my very best to respect oh yeah
Jackie I've just had a good meet you
know like Oh sorting is very important
to me it's a skill that I've been trying
to impart as my children I'm trying not
to push too hard because I know if you
push something too hard they'll just
wheel just back but it's like to me
having them organized in a in a way that
it's easy to find the thing you're
looking for will will make creating
something that much easier
all the big blues all the small stuff
going different and right now we don't
have enough blue so I can put all like
the light blue and the dark rooms in the
same
500 viewers now clearly the world wanted
I go sorry
till the tips get out of control till
the tips gonna let's see an Adam says so
sorting Legos fun ah here's $5 despite
y'all making fun of me for just asking a
question
to chant the other night I still think I
live you sort those Legos my doing well
I'm sorry for making fun of you but you
know we go where the jokes are and
sometimes sometimes that's the people in
chat so not intending to hurt your
feelings but that happens sometimes
apologies
I wish my life was this exciting you can
have this life shoot you can have this
life - all you need is lots of Legos and
children who don't and you too can have
the mad Lego sorting lifestyle is
getting done no he looked at me for a
second he stopped licking himself and
looked at me for just a moment I thought
I thought he might be ready to come over
here but no alas oh wait maybe he's
moving to get biscuit no he just started
looking a different part of this one
he's fine
you know what he's for those come over
here when it's right everything's fine
everything's fine let's see here Rhett
troll mania og says any thoughts on it -
2017 got a lot of praise which is a
shame because which is a shame because
mother was slayed at the box office and
it's pretty neat I I love Darren
Aronofsky as a director
I think he has made some amazing films
and I even like it when he gets all
arty-farty pretentious bullshit II I
think I think that some of his best work
I mean you know obviously like the
wrestler is a perfect film just it's
it's gorgeous and it's wonderful and
perfect but even even something that's
already farty and super pretentious like
Black Swan I think has some good notes
the fountain is bad but interesting in a
weird way and you know like I said I
think there's a lot of good that can
come out of there in Anacostia I have
not seen mother yet in talking with
people who have seen it I can see it
being arty-farty pretentious bullshit
I'm still going to see it because I
enjoyed it darren aronofsky but it's
I've also heard your things about Anna
but I just don't care about it I don't
like a lot of Stephen King's work I saw
that you know the made-for-tv movie ages
ago and that didn't really care about so
like I don't it is not high on my
priority list of movies to see and
please like it was like right in the
middle of this little piece here I think
just do not want to come out bend it
bend it like back
I've fallen suit twice during the time
yes yeah you know it's not good it's not
good at all but it's interesting I think
I think you could I think one I think a
person could call the fountain
interesting and get away with that so
I'm excited to see mother I don't care
about it that's that's my take that's my
hot take to movies that's all I got
oh god my gos one we're really did we
are hey welcome snazzle we're doing this
word we're sorting Legos Legos were the
clear winner this what we're doing today
the problem with mothers the director
thinks he's way smarter than he's
there's you know there's be pretentious
which is thinking you're smarter than
you really are finding meaning in things
that weren't meant to have meaning and
then there's just simply telegraphing
your ideas and I think Aronofsky is
really good at simply telegraphing his
ideas I don't know if that means he
thinks that he's smarter than he is and
again I haven't seen mother so I don't
want to comment too much on it but yes
he has been pretentious in the past so
it's not it's not going to surprise me
if mother turns out to be pretentious
already for any bullshit that being said
I generally like him as a director I
think he gets really good performances
exactly very interesting performances
out of actors and he has a really good
eye for cinematography he usually is
very good at having the camera tell some
of the story and a lot of directors
don't care about stuff like that so so
to have someone who cares about
cinematography it's it's next we're
doing great I know it doesn't seem like
I'm doing a lot but every piece that
gets put away is one less piece that's
on the basement floor
no one was boring no what was
interesting Noah had some personality to
it it was a very simple story there's
just a man's faith that is tested and
trying to decipher the undecipherable
Word of God I thought no one was really
interesting I liked it I don't defended
Noah but again I like
Aronofsky so so there you go but I'll
defend Noah I think was interesting was
that it was batshit at some points but I
also think it was I also think it wasn't
meant to be batshit at some point so I
will defend it now Jack sort first by
size then purpose I have a system people
I have a whole system here color purpose
sighs a whole system and it works great
and you ain't gonna get me to change my
system some kind hey are you ready are
you ready to come here now
biscuit don't come here if you come here
I will pet you this is what I'm saying
this is my office this is my offer to
you right now this did you come here I
will pay you what do you think welcome
here I don't think he's gonna come I
don't think he's gonna come here at
least put on a silly hat
BC is excited by me now we started
looking himself again we got a whole
system so I'm just getting things down
black Legos over here that's a I guess
that but not quite a black but I'll go
with the blacks yellows let's see here
mochi b85 to highjack wide just a Lego
sorting stream
we're screwed gently into the microphone
with Legos clicking make it an ASM our
Lego sorting stream two birds with one
stone 1 million views plus on YouTube
guaranteed well that's kind of what I'm
doing right is talking sort Legos
eventually we will have a cat here well
I will make biscuit from here sooner or
later
but this goodies Jax trying can't yes
biscuit is my cat this good is a giant
cat this cat is a giant cat who
currently is directly off-camera even
though I would like him to be over here
do you no good I know you guys like to
just about maybe not put you in your own
I'm straight as long things so Jack
Jack's cat is biscuit yes my cam is
biscuit my cat is named biscuit
but you know don't look at it Jack sort
by color and side come on I've already I
maybe and maybe we're here for the
discussion for larger Legos it's just
color that's all you need sword forest
color for the smaller Legos I sort by
type and don't pay attention to color
because I don't need to you choose what
you saw by by your specific needs
it's not a one-size-fits-all ruling red
I got a red red
that's the tires tighter pile orange
file just working on my piles right now
getting good piles biscuit is spoiled
yes biscuit is a spoiled cat he knows it
which is the worst kind
that's spoiled okay okay that knows it
bird my Burt chance
you know that's pushing tonight because
everybody you know they well they want
to be helpful and they want to say hey
if you do it this way it sound fun but
they didn't you know I got a system I
got a system
night coat Batman like I'm over my all
that camera autofocus just works for
shit which is file shows Bionicle been
over there I need to find my light gray
box somewhere down here is a box of just
a light gray pieces and I've run across
enough of them that where I'm gonna have
to start finding them hey it's good you
ready are you ready for your adoring
public do you think if I bring him over
here you'll stay should we give it a try
right like this try to bring him like
right here let's see if it works
hold on there's biscuit areas okay great
now we got a biscuit now we have a
helper
there we go cat gam point the FaceCam
Adam there is right under the camera
lookout giant he is what a giant and
ridiculous cat great now we have a
helper Thank You biscuit
well now he's okay so now now we can get
out of it that's adorable mission
complete so worth it yep we got a cat
now well great I'm glad that you're
happy you're happy I'm happy all the
obvious pieces the shield goes in the
weapon box so guy goes in the guy box
trying to take care of all the other
stuff we're done with you biscuit get
lost now now he's gonna lick himself on
stream okay good you can't really see
what he's doing he's licking himself so
there you go that was this good feel
about Mass Effect 3
nobody feels no particular wave oh sorry
sorry I'm just good I need a pile
I need a pile for rods and you're kind
of in my way so I'm not saying that
you're in my way and then you need to
move but I need to move my things so so
like our pile of rods there and have a
home they're gonna get their own they're
gonna get their own place it was sorting
his own rock that's great that's a great
job
okay so what's going on I did see over
the weekend I took my children to go see
the lego ninjago movie because we're big
Lego fans and it's not good if you were
thinking about taking your own kids to
see it it's not a very good movie it's a
significant step down from the lego
batman movie which was in itself a
pretty big step down from the lego movie
so it was a little disappointing just
because we've enjoyed all the movies up
to now but this one this one seemed to
especially take the product placement to
a new level there were so many there's
something stuck this helmet there were
so many new products and after the movie
that's all my kids came out saying I was
like oh I want that said and I want that
set then I said how did you like the
movie and they're like what movie are
you
I was it better than the emoji movie
luckily I have not seen the emoji movie
so I can't tell you things stuck in this
helmet here this is just a circle thing
I did not see the emoji movie so I don't
know who was better or worse than the
emoji movie but it was it was just not
he was just not good is what it was
Hey hi that's the main takeaway is it's
just not a good movie why there was no
there's no there was nothing that's
super like failed about it just wasn't
interesting or compelling or good we
have so many ORS no idea why that wall
biscuit biscuit is adorable yes a
biscuit does love me mostly because I
feed him I give him food often and he
really likes it when I give him food
also apparently he really likes that
weapon box hi I
you are a very good kitty
and there's was one spot on his butt
where to you there you go you if you
scratch like right where his tail meets
his butt
he'll start licking himself oh that's an
old cat thing or just a biscuit thing
but it amuses me so I'd do it often make
a buck themselves that's the end of that
story though cat wants to play like this
get you some cat food
I feed biscuit twice a day he's fine
he's fine
everybody loves biscuit that's true
everybody loves biscuits well it's not a
long time we're gonna be giant fluffy
cat who's hypoallergenic so even a rich
competant bulbasaur head what's up are
you going no he's not going up against
my meat where you going what's going on
you're done I did with this camera
nonsense what breed is he he's a
Siberian he's a long-haired Siberian cat
known to be hypoallergenic whatever
whatever thing in cats that causes
people to be allergic to them he has
less of them yes so few of them that
even people with severe cat allergies
can be around them for extended periods
which is part of the reason why we got
him like not only rich but I have
friends and family a lot of friends and
family who are allergic to cats and so
that was a consideration when we got a
new cow
we're as rich rich is currently building
sets
so he cannot join us he not like he
would join us for a lego building
screaming but that's why we are not
doing tonight jack solo Stream building
Legos with biscuit what what hey I
brought you over here now
now I need to bed you okay blowing out
take a little break from Legos orders
have to pay biscuit very carry kids this
is the very very cat I'm allergic
well I knew you might still be allergic
to biscuit we've met many people who are
not allergic to biscuit just up to the
old days for all you know that for a
biscuit drink the funny thing is we have
we have talked on stream about me
sorting Legos before I put it out there
as a viable option and yet people are
still surprised that I'm here sorting
Legos why is that it's a hand but I see
well we just looked at the wall over
here intense interest I don't see any
spider spider this new spider oh oh I
got Becky like look I just found this
piece here no idea what it is but I
think it's like a hat or maybe a beard
or something so with all the guys it
looks like it goes around someone's neck
like a firm maybe everyone thought it
was an inside joke oh well now you know
better now you know better I have a ton
of Legos and I need to sort them so
that's what we're doing tonight the hot
of inside joke that's a little sickness
all this little crap like you know this
like is a little walkie-talkie Oh
walkie-talkie put that like oh you know
it's not the weapons box they keep
calling it the weapons box is the
accessory box things that people hold go
in there anything that they wear goes
into the guy box the guy box says guys
and anything they want which includes
hats a lot of people out there what am i
I'm doing it but for me that makes sense
hey if you turn around your face can be
on camera this good just letting you
know I know you don't care but that's
true jack is jack is sincere if i say
it's going to be a lego stream it's
going to be a lego stream and you know
i'm the target of twitter not rich if
rich was in charge with the twitter
instead of be a lego stream then I can
see everyone being genuinely surprised
but come on this is me
I say we're sorting Legos tonight that's
what we are doing we are sorting the
Legos and doing a pretty good job
these things are filling up feeling
pretty good about this
I'd love to get at least this area
sorted in tonight we'll see we'll see if
that can happen got a little more beer
upstairs and as long as biscuits down
here to keep this company I don't see
why I don't see why we couldn't go a
little bit longer just get this area
just as I say just it's here with us
this is about to leave
biscuit biscuit doesn't necessarily
enjoy the like a soaring biscuit enjoys
when we are on the floor because that
means we are close to him to pet
so this could enjoys that I am sitting
on the floor which is not something I
often do you know it is what it is
the easiest and quickest way to sort
Legos is this vacuum cleaner oh you
monster you absolute monster I mean like
if you're sorting if you're sorting them
in a you know they are all garbage then
yes that is the easiest way of sources
I'm actually organizing Legos I'm
organizing them in such a way where I
can find them later
one of these guys I think they have
their own bits these ones that are like
Lego piece on bottom and like half of a
dome on top see here's here's how crazy
you can get when it comes to really
sorting Legos see we have one bin that's
like this on the bottom but flat on top
then we have a separate bin that's this
on bottom and the curve on top and an
even another one that's like curved but
has the one hole in it you know we have
all these bins with the different Lego
pieces in it that's so I'm gonna start a
new bin here for these curves on top
because they seem to be coming across
yeah it's not I'm not often compelled to
do it I just think organization is
important so I don't think it's you know
I like to be organized but I'm not
necessarily compelled to be organized
and often I'm not motivated to be
organized and I think that's the thing
with OCD is it doesn't matter if they're
if they're motivated about they're
compelled to be by sorter so it's done
OCD thing it's just I like to be
organized if you are if you're a
creative person
so who works in the creative field
you'll often find that organizing your
assets makes it makes it easier to
create the thing that you want to create
you know that's why I have half of your
work packed 75% of your work editing
something is just organizing and
properly labeling all of your shots
that's what you know so I had I had a
shoot today and I got home and the next
two and a half hours was just importing
them all transcoding them and labeling
them so eventually when it's time to do
the actual assembly of that I have all
my pieces in the right order in the
right bins
you said it which was in here Ruth rich
is always here so so it's not a it's not
an OCD thing it's just a understandings
of power the power of organized a
biscuit bit me what what I'm here
petting you we're career if you wanna
mess if you want to mess with me you do
it on camera you do it on camera if you
wanna mess with me this is this is it so
whatever case that's for a little rant
about organization he drew blood see
that just a bit me drew bun this is the
best-trained yeah
now at least you're on camera it's the
tipping sound getting louder I've done
all I can in my power to remove the
tipping sound from the stream and I'm
very sorry that I cannot remove the
tipping sound please good don't tip that
up please
I would appreciate you not tipping now I
know I might have very little say
whether or not you actually do tip it
over but please as I expend some time
organizing making like OCAD
fresh blood no that's not biscuits first
one yeah biscuit gives zero fucks about
anything he's just he's just here he's
happy I'm down here on his level
give it okay this might be a lightsaber
so I'll put that in the Larkins so you
know light saber handles are often used
in other applications but I think we
usually put them in the weapons bin
battery we have so many freaking
batarangs it's not getting exponentially
louder it's just it's the same it's the
same volume I can't control the volume
anyway let's see here my name the state
says will you make something once you're
done sorting even if it takes five
minutes also got any lasers cat nips or
other cat toys for biscuit intermission
I do not currently have any lasers for
biscuits play with I'm very sorry and no
this is not a lego building stream this
is a Lego sorting stream here here's a
here's a lightsaber handle as a
lightsaber handle it's often used for
other things but you can also link a
brand go this there's a dorm a little
chrome bar funny but also it's a garbage
Bionicle lasers does biskits have a
patreon account what do you think
biscuit to get you a patreon he doesn't
know what that is we feed him and he
likes it that we feed him he doesn't
need a patreon because he has he has
humans that feed into I needed half like
wife Lego until this very moment we
already have plenty of Lego crow it's
gonna hear a bunch of these little
accessories here like that's a fish we
got a gun we have some handcuffs sword a
little spear thing I'm pretty sure
that's an accessory just collecting some
of the accessories I don't know what
that piece is like a ninja turtle
nunchuck guns all sorts of little
doodads go down the sorting rabbit Hall
of art while looking for other stuff
like guns and stuff I come across these
it's one of these Halfmoon things
sometimes that is the hardest part in
organizing is just staying focused but
you getting stuff done everything you
put away is something off of the floor
that's this I know I've said that a lot
this dream but it's something that I
have to remind myself off and a brief
thing you put away something something
very important Jack if you were British
with your neighbor cat chips
no still biscuits chip three chip search
this concern french fries there's
biscuits so you know maybe I've named
him crumpet
if I were British or biscotti I've gotta
stop these but I think I would still
call are you sitting out drawer no
you're not there's there's the door I
thought he might be sitting on an entire
drawer but no it feels as if I've done
nothing there it is I found the original
bin with the half moon woman that's
falling asleep
I finally original bed with a half of
things and I've also found a bunch of
these which are like gear
just sitting on these Legos over here
for a while so we're going to add these
to the organization and I've just added
some to the big pile that I've been
trying to get rid of but blue.great I
feel like we're doing a grace I said I
feel like we're doing great work here
can't you feel it
every piece sorted is a piece off the
floor one less piece for me to step on
when I come down here and isn't that
what's important a good cure for Sleepy
blood is getting up to get another beer
you know what you're absolutely right
I'm going to do that I'm going to fit
over walk I will be back in just a
moment when I muted my mic
you
okay I'm back hello this is the
strangest screen ever yes Oh Oh my knees
and my legs and my book all of it hmm
you know as far as strange extremes are
concerned yes oh oh you're done well bye
this is one of the stranger ones that I
have ever been a part of but you know
we're here we're sorting Legos five five
hundred well you know we got the biscuit
bump
we got the mad biscuit bump he's over
there he hasn't left us completely thank
you
I think I can turn the camera so you
guys can still see him this is my laptop
there I already see him he's right you
know right there
he's laying down over there so now you
can still see biscuit but now we have a
big dent space this was this was the bay
area he was holding up some guy box
right there bring a brown box in here
there we go now we're ready for sorting
we can sort of see him great or is that
fucker rich Evans rich Evans is working
on a new set which is all I know I can't
I can't even hide information from you
because I don't know anymore
then he's working on a new set I don't
know what it's for
you know something
seen anything is have I seen anything
interesting lately you know I have not
just been working a lot today we had a
shoot all day today there's a lot of fun
me and my brother and Tim Higgins have a
shoot today that we were at all fucking
day and those are always tiring and
always great so I know nothing because
I've been I've been working over these
things and to find these five bins for
some of these smaller guys now so one of
these bins are just strewn about
just empty it just empty bins they like
they just the kids just take bins and
dump them this is how Jacqueline see
sometimes it can be very cathartic
especially like if I can clear this area
and actually get it to a state Oh fun of
the bin oh my bins there's just so many
Legos there's so many Legos that you
can't even you cannot comprehend this
will work for one okay here we go I got
some things now I got all the bins
there's so many been there's so many
Legos down here yeah yeah alright we're
gonna say there's a lot of like and we
need a new one or bin these little these
are all fuckers these circle oners get
their own bin because there's a lot of
them and they need to go somewhere and
these guys with their own bin start
putting these little guys away battle
they don't add up eventually oh yeah I
got started with a bunch of these little
ones already I'm starting to get the
hiccups
are you in your home yeah yeah I'm home
I'm home I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
bring my Legos into the studio that
would be crazy crazy let's see here
anonymous says oh my god could that be
any quieter turn it up this is the best
do ho extreme you guys have ever done
it's like it's like riches here with us
because it's the oh my god so you're
welcome everyone you're welcome for me
re you feeling that rich Evans void see
oh no this is why is rich Evans yelling
back there he's gonna wake up your kids
did you tell your boys they have to go
to bed so Danny can play with Legos chat
you're fucked
lots of oh I'm juice coming in ha ha ha
well there you go
well there you go yeah the kids didn't
know that I was sorting Legos tonight I
did not necessarily tell them I was
streaming sorting Legos tonight but they
were happy about that because I'm
getting their work done for them they're
ok with me let's see here analysis if I
send our LM cat toys and catnip since
you're a monster and don't spoil your
cat would you save it for the next
disconnect stream or should we do this
under the table so our LM doesn't know
you're skimming doesn't know I'm
skimming cat treats biscuit is spoiled
enough already
you don't we don't need it this does not
need any more things it has enough
things but thank you anonymous says is
this tip still working ha ha and
anonymous says I'm becoming drunk with
power with this oh my god alert I feel
like Professor chaos congratulations
I I hope you use this power only for
good then be like this you're not using
it for good now so that's out the window
all right headed with a carrot I found a
skateboard earlier this is a skateboard
and now I just found the wheels pop mom
boom pop and locking oh wait I have
another beat now we have a bin for my
now I have been for all those long
skinny pieces that I was collecting
earlier oh yeah bin before
nice bins is going great guys
this is coming this is going great this
kit is not moving he will evil come over
here when he's damn well feels like it
which may be never you know that's the
future that you need to be prepared for
this biscuit just not ever wanting to
come back here I'm prepared for it you
need to prepare for it I don't know that
oh let's see here none of this is I'm
definitely not using it for for good I I
realized that now anonymous and you know
I'm sorry for everyone who has to hear
all these oh my god there's nothing I
can currently do about the volume how
old is biscuit biscuit is six biscuit is
six and so he's still fairly young
why is biscuit called biscuit um because
we had to name him something when we got
him and we thought biscuit was pretty
cute so we named him biscuit
there was another oh you know I wanted
to name him meatball
I liked meatball but my kids didn't like
that one
so they well they won that argument they
wanted a meatball but I thought meatball
wasn't really cute to him and you know
if you look at him he kind of looks like
a meatball
so this good is a fine yeah
wait yes hehe originally had a very
freely name because he's a former show
cat and he was actually a stuck
he was a breeding stud we were on the
waiting list to get one of his kittens
because he was the stud and he stopped
putting out so the breeder said you know
we gotta get we gotta get rid of this
cat and instead of paying for one of his
kittens someone can just have em for
free to a good home
great gin doc says if we tip enough can
you tip all the Lego oh my god
tip all the Legos out no you're crazy
person I'm finally getting to a point
where I feel like I can see the end of
this Lego sword so no candy for crows is
how much to tip for a head to shave
stream and it would be pretty boring and
not very long so no no head shapes dream
um anonymous says hey Len why don't you
save your 10 second delay ideas evil
will always triumph over good because
good is dumb good good bad bad bad good
and brick Jaeger's is jack don't let
kids know that dad is making money
cleaning up after them or you'll never
see the and that's a very trooper dagger
I feel like we've hit an all important
milestone here today as a society I
don't disagree this this was a this was
a gamble if anyone you know would show
up for me sorting Legos it kind of
started as a bit of a joke just like wow
you know I have to sort Lego soils to a
Lego sorting stream and I put it to a
legitimate vote
and my thought was I almost put a
cylinder piece in the weapons box that
would have been a cardinal mistake that
fool it's getting late the chicken just
fell out of the accessory box
everything's fine
see I put it to a vote thinking that of
course like I really thought that pub G
was gonna win and I'd be okay playing a
little more pop G because I thought it
was chat and everyone would want that
you know rich wasn't around so he would
be there to make the same complaint two
hundred times in a row about pubsey and
we don't have a good time playing pop G
then secondly I thought well you know if
they don't want pop G maybe maybe
they'll be okay with heat signature
because that's the new game this is the
check to make sure of that
yeah you know like heat signatures the
new game that everyone's talking about
Linda I don't know you guys like seeing
the new game so you can make it to city
by that game so it's like okay in my
head pub G was the clear winner then
heat signature and then like just a few
people as a joke would vote for the Lego
sorting stream yet here we are sorting
Legos and that'll learning that'll learn
me real good
that you know you guys don't follow no
rules see a lot of yellow pieces over
there I bet I've been one of these empty
bins was that one calling big yellow bin
and it's all dumped out now yeah but
that's it see a lot of yellow over there
off camera there's a lot of yellow
there's a lot of yellow happening and
I'm pretty sure the yellow bin has been
dumped out I need to find the light gray
bin that's important to me because we're
coming up on a light grays and I'd
really like to sort those in some sort
of meaningful fashion acts so we're
stuck watching
for tonight at least absolutely I said
this is what I was gonna do this is what
I'm doing this is what was voted for so
we're sorting Legos tonight I mean
you're not stuck walking you can go you
can watch someone else do something if
you want to be here then you're stuck
watching like those for a dream because
that that's what we're doing short Legos
should make us dream on how to deep-fry
a turkey you know I think others have
covered that better than I could or ever
will I just enjoy wrong box I make
mistakes I'm making mistakes belt it's
good it's good to do on your area back
it's goodness come closer
would you like to come over here and I
will pet you know he's gonna do this
thing again where you lace just just out
of reach in hopes that I will go over
there does Mike know I'm doing this
probably not
I don't I don't usually I don't usually
keep him up to date on what we're
streaming just because he doesn't care
so so that would be silly
very very SOI we need bins made enough
piles here I found the light gray bin
and it's full of other colors it's full
of other colors everything is ruined
look at this that's the light gray pin
things on rent it's got red blue and
shit oh god everything's wrong
everything's wrong my whole plan porch
okay Wow
okay those kids don't learn they don't I
don't oh oh they're coming down here
they're coming down here
cleanup solution all right now we have
some bins we can put some stuff away but
first I don't know who says I just
wanted to trigger the tip noise now get
back to starting those Legos you fuck
well there you go and a bow that says
Michael Caine there's there are only two
things I can't stand in this world
people who are intolerant of other
people's cultures and the Dutch okay how
do you like junker town it's great mercy
change is sick yes the mercy changes
I've already talked about a little bit I
love them the instead of the team
resurrection you have your your one
person Raz that you know takes I think
it's like what 30 seconds to recharge it
turns the tables
it turns the tables a lot more you know
if your tank goes down the ability to
immediately revive the tank can
absolutely stop the charging team's
momentum and I love it and I'm never
worried about using my revive whereas
before you get your ultimate and it was
a whole team revive you know if anyone
was in a certain radius you can revive
up to your whole team but I would always
be a little trigger shy
hopping my ultimate as mercy because you
want to wait until you have enough
people to make it worth it
you know if there's just one or two
people who are dead is that worth it or
do you want to try to wait for a third
person to die to to instantly refine
three people and I feel like this change
of the only one res really is is more
satisfying it's more satisfying as a
mercy planners junker town as a map is
very fun I love payload maps maps where
you don't have to cap a point but where
you have to guard a moving object and
the more you know if you're close to
that object it moves and you have to
guard it and get to a certain point I
love those maps the only problem is
there's a lot of choke points in junker
town and not a lot of people know the
map yet and so I've found that it's
really easy as a defending team to hold
the attacking team off so hopefully
there's more people learn it you know
I'll find that balance but right now I
don't think it's there but it's very fun
it's very fun I won't pay long limbs and
the Cape go in the guidebooks
my name is Kate I know that there are so
many ways to get around but it's a new
map and so everyone right now on junker
town all of the new players are sticking
to the main pathway and as soon as they
learn the intricacies of the map it will
be a lot more challenging to play on
both sides but right now I feel like
everyone is so new that they were just
playing it's a fun junker town and so
there's
but I'm looking forward to it I'm
looking forward to it being in regular
rotation just because I love to long
naps I've always found them to be a more
satisfying wind than king of the hill or
control point Maps so I like it I'm
enjoying their changes the the hardest
thing to get used to is Mirta not mercy
diva diva now has missiles that you can
fire and that's tough to get used to
it's just hard to remember that you can
and the other thing about diva is
they've changed the way her shield works
it's actually back to how it used to be
they a softer shield a while back and
now they've read nerfed it and time to
get used to it being reserves because
you know I just got used to it being
pumped so it is what it is I'm just I'm
just happy that they're still working on
it they're still making changes they're
still adding to the game it makes it
makes the makes me come back to it which
I know is the whole point they want
players engaged because they want
players to buy loot boxes they want new
players in they just for their free
weekend which I'm sure got a few new
players in overwatch everyone is dps I
know that's the joke is like they're
trying to move everyone they're just
trying to make everyone soldier 76 and I
don't disagree with them soldier 76 even
though he is kind of a joke character
he's supposed to be the every other
first-person shooter character he is one
of the most balanced and he's one of the
most balanced because he's the most
self-sufficient
he doesn't wanna come here he's good no
he doesn't need a healer
he doesn't need a heavy because he has
his missiles he doesn't need their
there's a lot that he doesn't need he's
very self-sufficient and that also just
makes it very balanced so now like Deva
gets her little shield has a high health
quota and now it has missiles so I get
it I get it they want more people to be
soldier anonymous says that Michael
Caine impression sucked ass not the nice
kind of asset either that yep you kind
of ass you don't want to be sucking that
what I mean Oh was I supposed to say
that as Michael Caine you just you just
wrote Michael Caine and then not quote
it wasn't I didn't know I needed to say
that as Mike okay next time you say say
this as Michael Caine needs to make it a
little more obvious for me thank you
they are trying to help people so long
if they're good enough sure but also
it's team games
it's it's a game that you are supposed
to rely on those people around you
that's that's the whole that's the whole
point is as a team you can accomplish so
much more
so it's upsetting that they are kind of
pushing everyone towards the solo player
but I'm sure they will find the balance
because it's still making money form so
they have a nice team working on that
that's very nice but I'm still playing I
just you know after the mercy update I
picked it up again it was like it was
like I didn't even believe some crazy
she's happening here people noises
everywhere
I'm not comfortable I'm not comfortable
oh my god anonymous says see this is
like a pen say this is my cocaine well I
got in this jerk it almost a keeper but
that's what I'm into truck it almost
Thank You pinky thanks there there's my
mic okay there you go
he gave the money I said the thing we
have a green box great now biscuit stuck
now look confused
oh goodie
guys found her do it up thank you
Tiberius who runs the movie dicks
Twitter you keep sending us great emotes
gave us the new doom it up emote love it
I love it so now people can doom it up
whenever they want
we sent a few more emote spots so if
anyone has any good emote ideas let us
know and we can make up it's a good one
it's I like to do it every moment
officially endorsed I know this doesn't
look like we've made a lot of progress
but I really think we've made a lot of
progress tonight and I think I've said
that a few times but you know just
remember what's the rule anything sordid
is no longer on the floor that's the
important part just things sorted is no
longer on the floor so just for everyone
the thing that back up into a bin that's
something that I'm not going to step on
later stick with one great everything
sword is something not on the plot the
importance of staying motivated
my van blue bin was mostly empty before
now we're doing great thank you like
sometimes that's all you need you just
need to feel definitely had a bin waters
with I showed you that bin I showed you
a bin waters with things out there's
wonders with things attached to them
square one hours between then that we
have nice and over here is a bin at
square one is not to be confused with
the bin of circle winners boom you know
what you know we're doing fucking
cruising now this is a monkey Lego that
goes with the guys just we are cruising
now it's good so good I think he's
getting left he's getting left me a
biscuit officially got bored with the
stream I don't know what that says about
the street basically it went on to
greener pastures no longer has time for
this rich you know I'm gonna be okay
with he's doing his own thing
I know it's not the most exciting bin
got tipped over
I probably tipped it over but I'm gonna
blame this vid I think I tipped it over
because I was trying to get this kid to
come over here no again I'm just gonna
bloody biscuit mostly because he can't
defend himself so it's very easy for me
to blame biscuit
that's to deal with the consequences is
wrong
I still think we need a movie talking
mode and then you die able to die die
what are you guys talking for that's
okay jack has to make a time-lapse of
the stream only for my own sanity so I
can see that I've actually done work I
actually accomplished something during
your stream something I took an area
that was a mess and made it slightly
less of a mess that's the only thing
I've accomplished what you know that's
something oh these Legos are sorted now
and these are Legos that weren't sorted
before so on the scale of
accomplishments it's now it's not the
greatest thing in the world but it's
something you know so I'll take it and
we are along for the ride well thank you
BJ thank you Jeff for keeping me company
while I do this very very silly and
repetitive task it's like I say it's
silly but I know it's
it's important to do I mean important
might be the wrong word it's important
to me to do one cuz it gets the shit off
of the floor down here so you know you
could actually walk which is to also
like I was saying our lyrics it's all
about making creativity accessible the
kids get an urge to build something and
they want to find that right piece set
up that'll fit perfectly to make I don't
know an awesome spaceship or something I
don't know where that one pieces uh-huh
did you check the peace box pieces like
that oh of course
the peace box this is in my imagination
in my imagination they say of course
it's in the pita of the peace box thanks
dad they won't ever say that but in my
head that's what they saved and that's
why stuff like this is important to the
piece behind the piano of the peace box
isn't that what we're all looking for
just a little peace box bins and gear
bins that's an X bin an X piece and the
gear piece legs looking good like these
pieces with like be the X in them being
full
stuff I got Technic pieces I think those
are Technic pieces find all the Technic
pieces and that's where the bins are
really important with like the small
specific the small specific pieces on
the bins has become very very important
then you're just looking for that one
thing that makes it makes it all work
that was gonna be the point in the
stream in which I get so into sorting
that I forget that I'm streaming it's
already happening I can feel it getting
I'm going full Zen because I'm not like
you know I'm complaining I'm joking a
lot about my children you know they
these kids but I really do enjoy I enjoy
aspects of this it's very it's like a
foil very cathartic and of course when
it's done it's very satisfying like just
watching all the bins fill ups I know
this area isn't clearing off as much as
I'd like it to but I can see all the
bins it's very satisfying to me
apparently I asked Siri to do something
since Jack and recall this the sorting
game with his kids no I just call it
cleaning oh maybe I should call it game
I don't think they would believe me this
is the thing I'd say hey let's play a
game it's all about organizing your
Legos
and whoever can organize the most wins
they go that sounds like a dumb game and
they'd be right
biscuits doing something just hurts
biscuit do something oh you probably
hear that there's something else sure
it's very exciting but you know we're
over here there's nothing we can do
that's it what's going on can you guys
see them oh man you can see bits of them
to the mouse no okay great those pieces
I forgot about those pieces we're
getting biscuits got my six absolutely
yes Friday the 13th emotes are out very
very exciting I was playing around with
that the other day and the the swimsuit
DLC a little too rich for my blood but
very funny everyone gets a swimsuit I
played a couple rounds in Friday the
13th and of course everybody had on the
new swimsuits funny I just I don't think
it's worth it for me yeah it's another
five bucks just to have all your
characters in swimsuits but definitely
funny to see everyone running around in
swimsuits
okay what are you doing playing
something I hear it I know I haven't
gotten too into that yeah Friday on 13th
DLC also just because kind of done
before the 13th and still love to you
know when they get the new map out play
around a little bit a lot like poke gee
like I still keep up on the news even
though I'm mostly done with it just cuz
they might have that one piece of news
that draws me back in even though I
don't necessarily want to be drawn back
in I'm an addict I'm an addict
especially with poke do you still keep
up on all their announcements would that
could be fun we have a they announced
the VW Bus and what kind of armored
stance they have on that what's
unhealthy it's an unhealthy obsession
unlike sorting Legos which is very
healthy I'm doing now is very did you
guys see that I think this could find a
ping-pong ball I'm pretty sure if they
can find a ping-pong ball
the new mini 14 in Tokyo is beautiful
every shot something like it's something
up an anvil
great great I saw them to know the new
gun looks fun and I see that the tommy
gun is now included in random drops
which is great not enough to get me back
I did see they added a couple new towns
to the map that's close that's close to
getting me back maybe when they get to
new the new the full new map come back
in for just a little bit that might be
enough to drop me back in the new new
map a full new map but maybe by then
I'll be strong enough to say no and mean
it that's the hope at least was that
that was a PJ video game says do you
want to make high quality premium unity
games with me PJ I have ideas for video
games but I have no idea how to make
them if you are looking for a creative
manager I'm your person but as far as
making games I know nothing about you
want some ideas you know it's a story
structure you want some gameplay
mechanics on your booty's anything
beyond that you'd be much better off
with several other people get old prereq
after red letter media that count if I'm
not too busy sorting Legos which I might
be
like is it unhealthy how much I enjoyed
this I don't think so because I'm
cleaning my teeth cleanings a bit things
so it can't be unhealthy because good
thing but then you have those people
that like wash their hands all the time
I don't do this too much I just enjoying
it a lot so is it you're about to join
me yeah get out of it or how much it do
it is the important questions
it's like sorting a seat glass and these
are the questions that you know a person
has asked themselves they might have a
problems just found a whole bunch of
these flat it's fun to lose let's see if
we got a pin form already
let's to find a bin fun all these flat
tours this is a big finding this is a
big fight this was a bin at one point I
see if we got a bit already this
interesting I found the old box with
these skinny things in them so what
we'll do is for that to that box and
we'll make this box flat shoes flat two
box got it
did it this system doesn't seem right
again you know it's all just about
having a system and so you know even
though it's not colors all of these are
flat tours you know to buy ones that are
flat on one side that's all that's in
this box the only thing that's in this
box is long skinny things that's what
works for us and this one there's all
the tubes we felt like the cylinder
things and then as you build that you
discover what it is that you're actually
looking for and so then you can make
refinements but you know you gotta you
gotta start somewhere
the alternative is making no system
because you don't know the good system
yet I much prefer that just doing
something and refining as you go that's
the important part you just gotta do
something so you're like we have a
different box I saw it over here great
this is our box of tour greats so we
need any tour great say towards one by
two which is different than the 1x2
flats which go in that box o to one by
two greats one by two slash and then you
got a system then you got a system and
if you find out later that you're
constantly looking for something in the
1x2 flats that's sometimes an answer
that's not funny well anyway one by two
plants circles
yeah that's a walkie-talkie
look at this boom boom easy-peasy what's
going on here we're sorting Legos man we
are sorting Legos
we had a big Lego pile now we have a
slightly less big Lego buy oh oh we are
drinking beers and sorting Legos nothing
better to do on a Sunday night no
greater joy to be had drinking beers and
sorting Legos Scoob ooh
also I'm sure there are greater choice
to be there they're really kind of good
houses but this is what I'm doing
drinkin beers sorting Legos yeah so you
know you're here too
that's great I've seen this before
think at one point we had just a 1x2
non-flat been but what kind of pint
glasses that this is a Hydra flask if
you guys have ever seen these these are
great this is a this is an insulated
pint glass and it will keep your beer
cold for an incredibly long period of
time starting to get hard to speak you
know what that means
the first thing about that like you
might say this up well I usually finish
my beer well before it gets warm but if
you think about it those last couple of
sips usually are always warm and never
great that's where the Hydra flask
really shines is in those last simps
those last sips are just as ice cold as
the first ones this kid just walked by
he's over there though he's not paying
excessive fine we don't need him we like
his but we don't need in big your sippy
glass it's a bitter super glass you know
the real nice thing is you can pour beer
into it and just not worry about it and
know that it's gonna be cold for a long
period of time that's the nice thing
about the Hydra blast definitely worth
it I my brother-in-law had a Hydra flask
and told me all about it was super
excited about it and I was like oh man
that sounds kind of dumb that sounds
like something I wouldn't really need
cuz I finished my beers I finished my
beers before it's a problem he goes oh
yeah you know I used to think that too
until I got on this a whatever and then
for Christmas or my birthday or
something he got me he was like hey I'll
just get you so he got no one as a
present and I put off using it for a
long time because again I assumed this
was just not a thing
then I would ever I think there's a very
tiny bug on the wall over there and he's
not doing anything to get the bug he's
kind of kind around the button anyway
so I said hey no it's not a video he got
me the high class and I continue to
think that it's not a big deal until
eventually you know I guess I should use
this dumb thing that I got and it's
great it's a great piece of technology
and you don't know what you're missing
you don't know what you're missing until
you have that last sip of beer it's just
as cold as a person up here you know how
long have I been drinking this beer it's
out of here now
still ice cold it's great highly
recommended if you're a beer drinker of
course Monday but I've been up when I'm
able to find the yellow then for a while
turns down here somewhere a new pile
we're getting some of these like kind of
1 1 cube pieces we're gonna measure them
to certain new piles one two pieces
we're getting somewhere
I'm getting it we're getting down we're
getting down to the nitty-gritty which
is good we're getting as a weird pieces
just straining Musha pieces that that
needs to find homes
thank you that's good
it's always fun when you could find a
big group of a like like pieces that
would fit well together because then you
can you can start thinking about your
new bin oh I could have bit of cubes
you know here's been a cubes here's a
bit of one by two standards I have a
couple of these 2x2 flats see here's a 2
by 2 flat with a little that's a little
like like nipple on it you know on 2 by
2 flat 1 2 by 2 with like the nipple the
one nipple arms on so these are the
judgement calls these the judgment comes
we need to make a blend of thinking
about what piece goes in what band these
the judgment calls I think about on
nipple and one map absolutely I'm sorry
sense you might have to hear me say
nipple a few more times because now that
I've said it people are repeating it
back to me so I might repeat it back to
them that word again is nipple I'm sorry
if that's not a word that you
necessarily wanted to hear me say but
that's you know that's the gamble
sometimes I'm gonna say stuff you can't
always control the things that I say so
here we are
I don't think my Legos would be worth
enough to steal even on the black market
the rich school reward for stealing my
Legos is very low you know high risk low
reward I'm saying I don't have any sets
that are worth an incredible amount of
money and Legos themselves are really
work a lot as far as the risk of going
to jail so if you are to become a
criminal breaking into people's houses
and stealing things I would much
recommend that I was recommending
stealing something that would be a value
necessarily like those are expensive but
you know not really and of course all of
my Legos are on the floor again you
can't see but the entire floor is
covered with Legos much like this area
and so what you would be doing is
picking up all of the Legos which is if
you wanted to be quick about it you it
would be very loud so it would hear you
again it's just it's a question of risk
we're warm I don't think it would be
worth it this is a piece is it a weapon
is it like a body part piece that does
not a standard piece right there so
we're gonna leave that we're gonna hold
on with that see if we can find a home
important home for that somewhere cuz
that is just different just different
enough to be interesting it's like blue
cylinder things they have their own
special purpose these these blue
cylinder these blues and longer things
those are important you need those for a
lot of building things they come with a
lot of building things so although as
I'm sure I already have a drill of those
we're gonna we're looking a new drawer
anything anything but
get somewhere the camera just had a
migraine headache oh oh I see you oh oh
settle down settle down here focus on my
head what is happening with the camera
whoa yeah focus here
no no focus on my hand focus on my hand
I see yeah the camera is flipping out
okay all right well if the cameras
moving out that might mean that it's
time to call it a night
hey there we go all right there we go
talk to the hand well I was hoping that
that would you know settle the settle
the camera down but it didn't do all the
fucked
oh my god I just moved my leg and that
hurt that hurt of substantial amount
well what oh okay
Lego maniac yes but there's still 257
more pieces left we did some fine work
tonight biscuit is over there sleeping
I'm gonna let them sleep that's what I'm
doing good okay hold on you know what we
need because my computer here I'm on my
my computer so I don't have the torture
so I need that
ah son of a bitch okay alright this is
the point in the stream in which I thank
all of those who subscribe to us during
this stream Jack will only lose 20 feet
what Jack did all the work and I drink
beer and watch him group effort
this was definitely a group effort this
motivated me to organize some Legos and
I think we've made some progress not a
ton of progress but I'm gonna come guys
anyway this is a part of this room which
I thank all the people who subscribed to
us during the stream much like home town
mark up who subscribed to us for 37
motherfucking months in a row Thank You
hometown marker hydrogen for 13 months
in a row Embree OSA says I still think
the title previously recorded live is
funny
so do I justin Hormann for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says have a great week everyone Stu
pocalypse for 12 months as one full year
of humor and Joey keep it up you
glorious bastards cos / Leo Kira mo mike
1 2 3 4 epitaxy says just two months I
promise it'll be three next one thank
you of attacks quick sip of beer purples
face bazooka 432 fucking months in a row
says hey guys thanks for all you do
especially your recent lathe roots of
mario rabbits and new mexico you guys
sold me a bone with excellent work all
around thinking take care yeah no I I
think I was a little more I think I was
a little harsher on Mario rabbits then
rich was but still very fucking James
Farr Captain James made for 13 months in
a row unqualified bar
who says hey derogatory term of
endearment I just wanted to say good job
on recent video I especially liked
reference by the way do you guys like
like lol verb mine
dent Masterson hue Jazz's says a 3ds
stream yay wait a minute wait a minute
this isn't a 3d stream son of a bitch
you've walked in on me thanking
subscribers but I think I've uh I was
repeating I was repeating I'll blame the
pier you need to scroll all the way I'm
there now okay here we go stream started
on Sunday September 24th the last humus
Otto von - one - why'd I buy this swill
low Jagan's says any chance of a board
game
captain sonar stream regardless thanks
we jump I would love to do that the real
problem with captain sonar is it takes
at least six people to make a good
captain sonar game and that's really
hard to come by but if we can get six
people for a stream yes we will play
captain solder every eleven tartar kiss
says ten months of subscribing this is
the longest commitment I've ever done so
thanks for taking my money clause in
scheme Zara says says yeah boyee sort
them Legos anonymous just wanted to hear
the oh my god one more time
if this Asst says up that Lego game dog
I will Manny the very King says October
is going to be crazy which games are you
most hyped for I mean none really to be
quite honest with you I I don't even
care that much about Mario Odyssey at
this point
maybe maybe it's just I'm tired I don't
know I really am looking forward to
playing more of heat signature I think
that has some positive aspects to it
even though only positive I think there
are also some negatives but we'll see
Tiberius Kirk says for 25 fucking 1
cirrhosis I may have spent many early
years
sifting legumes that sound is my
childhood and early adulthood and later
adulthood no bod miss toots
who says I support this important work
Jack love you guys
lady Denning for 22 fucking months in a
row who's his happy autumn everyone
yonder yonder is anos for 12 months in a
row Denso washington for 12 months the
blue prism oh who says hi to biscuit
biscuit is now sleeping in the corner
over there the Far yar 77 for 20 fucking
months in Arras as time marches on but
that's ok because the mirth continues
shining on crazy diamonds we will do our
best
it's a China hunchback check email is
better email us at prereq at red letter
media this new subscriber for 17 months
in Rose is best to stream in a long time
and I only watched to 2 minutes of it
thanks mines near one for thirty three
fucking months in a rows as I couldn't
think of a better stream for an
anniversary so is Julianne Moore the
best looking woman in her 50s or the
best looking woman
yeah no Moki b85 for 39 motherfucking
months in a row says finally after 39
months I get the Lego sorting stream
I've always wanted
I just hope this is everything that you
guys have asked for because literally
you guys asked for this should be sort
and just me sitting in my basement sort
Legos
harald fairhair for 12 months in a row
who says I love the non-traditional
strings I'm sure I'm not the first to
say you are doing it wrong a lot of
people do say that mr. big stuff walrus
to the brush blast Oh Don and midnight
hero for twenty three fucking months in
a row and top her Minsky thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it if
rich were here he would say he really
appreciates it
I know I do I need another euro friendly
stream and I promise I will get to that
I think I will even have time this week
to get to a you're a friendly sure I
don't know and I will be sorting Legos
for the Euro friendly stream because we
did that tonight but maybe I'll place a
heat signature for your euro friendly
stream this week
keep it look up every night everyone
thank you thank you for something but
like
