Mar 15, 2017
Plinkett's Little Adventure, Invisigun Heroes
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/134646344
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/134647106
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKgO7l7xTbg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZSE_POJvwA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/842109123772723202

[Part I]
gameplay will always just be a bad game
yes okay yeah I'm with you no matter how
good the story is if the gameplay is
clunky it's going to be clunky at that
point you're just working with the wrong
medium yes
I'm with you 100 100 Oh rich oh one
piston Hondo percent one piston Hondo I
just realized something I did wrong as a
mistake
I don't get to choose the game we're
playing but that's fine that's fine
that's fine hey everybody hi welcome hi
welcome welcome welcome back welcome
back and welcome to informational firm
ations update of great how's everybody
doing how's everybody happened having
fun
how's everybody have fun havin fun havin
guys I love I love the mini version of
this advise you gets yeah yeah I squeeze
gets of gaps hmm what is this a rerun no
this is a new blanket Advent little
adventure game we played this a long
time ago their first games same the same
people the this is also one of the
persons did a fantastic animated they
did the FTL flak cannon animations they
did a terminator commentary track
animation can barely hear the game audio
it's probably best for now because uh
it's just well they're gonna hear the
steam turn up crank it up crank it up
pause pause for cranking
pop that here this is Craig Jack is
louder than rich for once whatever they
have my mic further away from my face
and I just pushed my my further away so
now we should be approximately even
right maybe maybe rich ok well let's
let's start playing the game
give us that sweet pity I don't have it
we didn't make this you need to who made
this do you know your handle is for the
real name if they make such a thing
available I'm gonna head over to itch
you can go get this at HIO
right now if you go to H dot IO and
search Plunkett this is something
that'll come up it is a free game as it
should be because it uses this catheter
in character so if it the did check for
it we would have undo problem let's see
here this was made by
art oh well we know him at miqo'te m-- m
ck o DM is a person who's done the
animal de m ck o de m is their twitter
handle they did the art the programming
was done by Twitter user KO om p lr
that's an L see the Twitter has the
little space so but you can like I said
you can find this on each link it's
little adventure oh I'm sorry yeah and
the music was composed by a Twitter
handle 60 Z x-men which is XS i x pi/6
times Z X am en yep xamon never Bevans
examined oh I get it
examine 60 examine sixties the Z sixties
okay great great
alright now I'll get to it that will get
to the game game unofficially license to
fan work
yes yes
you're gonna start this thing we're
gonna start this thing you game hey here
we go here we go
they left me here how dare they just
leave me here they shall rue the day
they messed with me oh no I missed the
opening what happened there was a there
was a guy there sitting there and they
left him there and the space cop car
crashed into him okay how's it just
missed them just missed them most guys
were gonna pray there you go there you
go rich I didn't want to do it but you
didn't do it
let me shoot
I love it I love it ah oh my god is the
gorilla interrupted aliens oh it's great
look at that oh oh and then they shoot
up and down well I wanted people to see
the aliens oh I got over his pizza roll
power rich pizza roll power those are
some fine-looking pizza rolls oh you can
wall jump I told him about it they
unfortunately I thought we were the
reason we didn't stream on Sunday was
because we had a big shoot weekend and I
was hoping we would have a little more
time on the weekend can you - in -
people ask me a question
I was hoping we'd have a little more
time in the weekend for them to play it
as well unfortunately we did not have a
lot of time how's that that was a
intense weekend oh we had the the
weekend of all weekends oh yeah we can't
talk about any of it unfortunately I
wish lots of things going on
lots of things going on just know that
things are being worked on many a thing
is being worked on it could be a rocket
to your backpack I don't know if that
was anything in gorilla and dropped it I
don't think so flying anything let's go
we'll call it a rocket to your rocket
back okay we're going downtown Milwaukee
Oh
your own little oil a days let you fucks
and I just winking chasing down Mike and
J I think so yes anyway from the last
game oh sure oh I want to slide up to
the side
these - nice windows nope you just run
out after you reach a certain point you
can't do it so it's no press the wire oh
this is not a go anywhere clink it
blanket adventure I'm so used to that
now or it's just I should be able to go
anywhere and do anything
oh no Jack I'm gonna see Wow I want to
see how far I could go down
well good avoid easily fuck on same
thing
greater of the same view I have no idea
up here in the chat I don't know if they
have a twitch handball or what it would
be my tooth hurts rich tooth hurts I had
a root canal four years ago everybody
and apparently the dentist did not get
all the roots and it's coming back I
need a new root canal and it's starting
to flare up I was barren seeing intense
pain in my tooth at this exact moment so
what you're saying is we're gonna we're
having a great time for anyone who just
wants to see Jack and pain don't you
gonna messin you can take now yeah
Tylenol something well it cuz it wasn't
in pain oh no yeah I know but I'm
fighting that's smarts none of us is hey
Paige how you doing girl stuff that
ginger lose your pad and get with me
I'll treat you right
we'll play blood-borne all night eat
that ham with no bread snuggle Elmo with
me rich big dick Evans pay the money I
say is the thing great
once ball ball says here's a few bucks
don't get yourselves a tasty beverage
and toast to the Bears releasing Jay
Cutler Congrats rich oh my god it's a
flying saucer
jump and shoot the saucer okay great
great absolutely insane
terrible thing we did years ago popular
no we can't escape it
nope never never go away never hey rich
since Mike and you are from Chicago and
Jay is from Wisconsin why did they
decide to base our Lynn Mowat in
Milwaukee instead of Illinois tax breaks
beer women whether I have no fucking
idea I wasn't involved with that
decision-making
um Jay wasn't right I think was from
Raqqa which Illinois dr. ellby was born
there he just lived there for a while
but at the time like Harlem started
doing stuff they were all living up here
mm-hmm
you know like when they were making
Internet videos they were being made up
here so they moved before you know it
was a thing he's I guess what I'm saying
who they were up here before I joined
them up here and at that time I never
really asked them why they came up here
so you know take care of your mouth
we're gonna see what happens Jacket is
root canal how's everyone doing
I am it a good night oh I think in the
chat all there in the chat yeah the game
is cute I like it
I approve here I'm gonna pick it up and
start playing fuck jack fuck jacket is
tooth you don't care about no tooth
resumed
so many realtor rods and references
yep
honey monkey man yep
oh that smarts
Oh
yeah
so normally molars have three nerves and
then three roots that you know when you
get a root canal they take care of the
three up apparently my mole is a little
special and I have four and the dentists
missed it years ago when I had my
bootcamp and and it just got infected
and it hurts like a motherfucker and I
started taking antibiotics yesterday and
every once in a while it'll just flare
up and the immense amount of pain and
you know it's not like it's not like
like you put a bandaid on right right
there's a letter on the ground maybe I
should read it perhaps
darris blinkered I've captured your
friends if you want to see them again
come to the mall what mall you may ask
you know damn well what mall I'm talking
about see you soon part two
Oh john-boy I'm jamming my robots
straight perfect for eggs
can you yeah I know I have an
appointment to get a fix in I'm on
antibiotics and as soon as the
antibiotics start to kick in the
infection should go away and I should
stop being in constant pain also the
antibiotics that I got apparently
there's a 10% chance that it just won't
work on me so you just got to wait and
see hope forward
so just took some ibuprofen in about 20
minutes this should settle down I'm
hoping we'll see if the beer kicks in
any faster I love the chopping mall
robots what mall shopping what
shopping malls on Amazon Prime right now
very tempted to watch you should you
should
you're the important question to you on
an electric kettle I do own an electric
kettle I use it to make coffee every day
and I love it it works great and it
heats up water really really well
I'm not drinking enough beer where it it
would it where it would affect my would
affect any of my antibiotics I'm just
having a beer
issues the hardest yeah
I have not watched doomed yet I'm
tempted just to watch it on my own
yeah we're waiting for it was everybody
watch it to date we were hoping for a
group effort but like that'll have to be
pushed back to cousin secret projects
and now we just we just filmed the Zelda
the best of the worst discussion and so
that'll take some time
Oh Martin it's paul Blart
some great rich you were doing great
this held up best of the worst zelda
breath of the wild which shares the same
acronyms as best work
whoa nice
it's morphin time i see that they a
switch right now is running a Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers marathon yeah I
think it's fantastic hype for the new
movie I think it's great that switches
doing stuff like this they did they did
that for a Samurai Jack they they did a
marathon of all the old Samurai Jack
episodes before the new one came on
there they're getting into it they're
getting into some weird stuff yeah new
new series came up I think only one
episodes out so far and I haven't seen
it on core 200 danny paul blart samurai
jack is back that's true
hmm
I'm excited for because of the twitch
enthusiasm well that's that's part of it
like which is which is embracing their
role as basically like community hub and
so they say a bunch of people are gonna
be talking about Power Rangers well give
them a will give them a hub to just talk
about Power Rangers I guess the power's
out again Robert cotton how did he sound
sure or better stay close or don't error
or whatever oh oh he's a helper robot
that's fantastic
sobbing but I guess he didn't quit nope
I think it's great that you get a little
halter
awful robot got Robert cop was great I
think that's what we call them Robert
the robot cop
this is a neat as fuck game yeah it's
it's neat it's great these guys made a
pretty fun little blanket game someone
will have to go down there to turn the
power on mmm good luck whatever I need a
new job tip I control access to anything
and everything I know what that is
I say there's no way you can defeat in
your brain
you can't defeat me a brain rich what
what
we can't shoot his ball sack
I think he's there just as a distraction
yeah I think unless you can you jump
over him
I've tried a camera can you zoom past
him and Rajesh
if they cared about Neal Breen
continuity you wouldn't be able to beat
him you know and it's just about
destroying the robots while he distracts
I don't know the question is do the
creators of this game care about Neal
Breen continuity that's a real question
nice suing it survived survived
let's see here
let's see here Tomic mousetrap says
there was something I was supposed to
tell Caesar about today but I can't
remember what it was probably not
important maybe Ides of March 15th yep
today's the Ides of March beware beware
the Ides of March oh it's so beautiful
oh my god are we gonna sleep Green's
ballsack oh no oh the hell was that oh
my god even Lord David says hey Jack
David here sorry about your tooth pain
I'm gonna need a root canal soon and I'm
not looking forward to it put the two
bucks towards a better dentist uh you
know what my Oh ever had one I have
teeth made out of cast iron first of all
that's great I think those are feeding
frenzy
Bob you Lloyd
maybe no my dentist is actually really
cool about it
oh those things yeah he did this root
canal four years ago and I came back
today with tooth pain and he's gonna
take care of the new root canal of note
two for no charge
he's like I fucked up four years ago you
know didn't see it and so I was like
that's incredibly cool of a dentist so
he's a fine dentist is just a fluke
accident
are you rich oh shit
spikes their spikes there are spikes in
this game
better than the first one this is
qualities good quality glad fuckin yeah
yeah you've really stepped up your game
since the first one let's see here dr.
doom it up says fuck me I just started
watching TOS the original series yeah I
can finally understand what rich and
Mike are talking about so far every
episode has been oh no a crew member got
infected and is now in danger to the
ship for years would it really take that
long to notice well it just got infected
you know route all they doing with the
root canals they literally like burn off
the the the nerve endings to your tooth
and so there was an unnoticed nerve
ending that wasn't causing me problems
years ago but started causing me
problems recently that's how it works
sometimes teeth are weird I have bad
teeth in general
how cool is the dye shopping Zelda any
cool combinations you've done so far no
later on the dye shop much oh but that
was there I've seen it
space captain let's end this yeah space
come what's in this I I haven't played
around with the dye shop at all it might
not use my audio for like I'm actually
trying to give them clean audio oh I'm
sorry
good when I say shoot we end this at
Subway
oh he got me okay sorry no problem I
haven't messed around with the dye shop
mostly I I stick with the same outfit
and actually that's something we didn't
talk about in our discussion was was
outfits that's another part of the Zelda
that I didn't much care for the swapping
of outfits you know like there there's
an outfit that you get that makes you
climb faster there's an outfit that you
get for cold there's an outfit that you
get to get into Gerudo city there's all
these different outfits and I've never
much cared for switching all the outfits
because I liked by the way I love that
just shoot him whatever solution so
space cock and simply get so pointed
these people get the theme
whoa
let's see here
Jack LeMond says keep up the good work
you hack frauds any chance of rich doing
a review of Star Trek - I know that's
not gonna be the next one or maybe even
the next one after that oh whoa
G shots thank you for feeling my pain
tooth pain sucks tooth pain is like is
unlike any other any other bodily pain
can be dealt with but tooth pain tooth
pain just sticks with you and it feels
like your face is exploding sciatica you
can exercise away man tooth pain there's
nothing that you can do you stretch
stretch it out stretch it away
no no long-term solution yeah yeah
before then you have two months of
constant agony well then I would Chinee
it was the worst thing in my entire
fucking life then I would say we're
similar right now it feels like my head
is going to explode oh my god
it's race
oh my god
oh my god it's crazy you have any eggs
no I need eggs and need eggs that's
who's saying this oh I think that's
point good okay where are those two
fuckers Wyatt Wyatt Wyatt hey that's my
whip hey that's my wheelchair never back
you one-legged fuck no well you asked
for it always got a shield
watch out for a spike drop
Blayne hit versus blanket this is the
ultimate showdown here range blanket
versus stake blinken which is the real
fake that's the question I've made peace
pathetic
let's see here renegade Akira oh no
sorry krob says jack if you were to make
your package dispatched simulator game
what would you set it in ie what kinds
of packages to which clients you know
that could be that that's that's part
just part of the color you know like you
could have different packages and
different kind clients I could that's
where the humor and the story to come in
I know they they recently made like a
911 dispatcher game that I think is
similar and actually uses Google map API
so you can you can like do it in your
own City if you want to which i think is
really neat both which you're asking the
important questions
this is quality boss bike
whoa one-hit-kill nice matter respect to
whoever made this game really impressive
yeah yeah this is I remember that first
game that they made that first Plunkett
fan game that was just kind of yeah yeah
but I'm saying like this is really up
this is they have up there their game
making game I don't I love how he does
that stupid anime floaty thing yeah that
is funny he's got you know what like
quality animation to do an eye on all of
his strikes quality animation but yeah I
think prompted to finish a question it's
like like what kind of packages are
being delivered it would be neat where
the Schumer will come from you know Lady
Penelope needs her poodle taken to the
poodle dispensary it would be all sorts
of different stuff and we could have a
lot of fun Oh still alive still
please Jack the other person oh hey
Mikoto and the ck ovm is in the chat for
anyone who wants to talk to Mike Odom
about making blinken half in the bag
blanket versus other blanket
if we are going to be sticklers for
continuity we have to accept that movie
review Plunkett is fake blanket I just
because movie review Plunkett is more
popular does not mean he is the truth
blanket there was the other planket who
was around first
let's see here renegade akira-san hey
guys I know you're busy with Zelda and
the switch but are you going to give me
rock tamata
a chance it has tones of anime bullshit
to complain about
maybe stream on Sunday for the PC
version yes we were definitely waiting
for the PC version is to come up I know
it's been out on ps4 for a little bit
but her Aizen
yeah our last couple games that have
been very survival II Explorer II
adventurous out via you know what I'll
tell you it rich it'll be a welcome
change of pace no offense to either
horizon or Zelda but I'm ready for this
at straight-up action
now
Rich's Plunkett prime over there you go
now we're talking about it blankets and
different multiverses defeat my ultimate
attack yeah that's that's pretty that's
pretty awesome attack
this is a new year do a lot of good
stuff mean wise though I know I I don't
know if that was a question for me or
for other people in chat I'm excited to
play it it looks really interesting what
you really needs the new near of the
money Monica
I don't appear near I don't appear but
yeah gobble the coke says hey fellas I'm
sending this from my ten key classroom
it's like PE for nerves what's your
worst per minute ratio do you know you
type well I'm typing with my left hand
it's like the stranger you're a two
fingers like this I don't know what's
the two fingers famous oh okay
I use multiple fingers but I'm also I
have to look at the keyboard in order to
do it I can hunt and peck at this point
it's been so long I don't always have to
work thinking about it oh yeah okay I'm
a slow time for these lifts so that's
something I've talked about before if I
could go back in time and take it some
sort of typing class in high school I
would have I wish I was a better
tightness
and not a very good typist I wish I was
a touch typist and not that feature off
and some of the keys just like in
dueling those in tax
and like I know I know there's a bunch
of like teach yourself how to type tools
now including games but I'm just too old
now
Nikodim rich needs a hints oh you still
have still left Oh rich needs a hint
I'm living
there's two ways of avoiding that
attackers according to Mike Odom
yes thank you for the hints of getting
good
there are two ways to avoid
Nikodim is double-checking are you sure
you want anything okay
I think like you know there's that
moment that he attacks I think he you
have to jump for something right when he
does that there's that moment when he
glides towards you before he strikes
right so I'd say then is when you dash
away
let's see here anonymous says hey Jack
your taste in hip-hop is pretty advanced
what's your opinion on the deaf
I've never heard of him so
Oh
can you shoot him while he's charging
you were too far away at that time
have you tried out of time
Death Grips is not hip up oh well I
haven't heard of them no matter what but
what would it take to become an employee
of red letter media it's me I'm friend
in 2001 I was gonna say it's even
simpler than average you have to be Mike
jr. rich yeah so if you are or can
become Mike Jay or rich then you can be
an employee of Allah that's it that's
all you got to do I think it's pretty
simple
oh you know what what no he turned
around
going on the other side of them oh I
don't know actually I don't know
is cosplay count how about an intern I
want to say like when half and the bags
first started I want to say Mike and Jay
had an intern for like a week didn't
think they have a helper I thought I
remembered to help her and then he gave
up because you weren't here you you were
this was still when you were down in
Chicago
I want to I want to say there was like
an intern here and after the intern hope
not me goes that way all right
hey you know we're trying can you
interact with like the door or the cult
like can you interact with anything in
the scene in any way
take a life and see if he can like tip
over that
yeah well then then I got nothing rich
for trucks then or no okay
if I remember and he wasn't films dude
he was a film student and he asked for
an internship and like yeah sure you can
help out and he became so insanely bored
because there is not much to do right
we're making this a boring process it is
and you know
for the types of videos that are usually
made here while it would be great to
have someone behind the camera like I'd
also wouldn't want to spare anyone that
boredom just listening to us talk
unedited for hours
let's see here let's see bad news
everyone's his evening dudes how would
you say the way how would you say the
way a best of the worst episode is
produced from start to finish has
changed if at all over the year
you sometimes dread or typically look
forward to shooting no a super bank fart
bag not like right now right now this
gameplay footage to distract you rich
and I ever liked our boring there are
things here that you can that can
entertain you while rich and I are being
boring oh my god you shoot him while
he's attacking you rich something so
simple Oh
this is obviously you rich
rich we got to finish the review all
right so rich would you recommend this
game to anyone discussed games in quotes
this game you discussed so so rich would
you recommend this game to anyone what
this piece of shit and is that is that
Stewart Boogie great job guys yeah it's
a great song that's a great time yeah
you did it everyone let's continue
oh that's hardcore mode nice nope oh no
it just takes off from here so no I
really look forward to him I I really
like best of the worst it's it's a fun
day it's a hard day sometimes I in one
hit good luck asshole oh my god
it's it's usually a really long day but
I love it cuz you get to hang out with
your friends and make fun of bad movies
like what's what's to not love about it
to be quite honest I don't think
production has changed one bit since we
started I'm trying to think structures
used to happen right after this shoot
the what yeah we improvised whatever
crap brick on it hammer this is their
the studio we did a flight we finished
sure that never happens anymore right
it's usually a more planned out thing
alright I'm not on the last a hardcore
mode we're gonna give it a quick shot oh
yes give it a quick it's gonna be comedy
but I'm just trying to think from a
technical level
I don't think anything has changed in
vessel works production from the
beginning we have we have messed around
with the idea of some sort of note
taking there there's something that rich
and I used for the first four hours own
that is a you said that you've said a
thing after the I'm trying to think of
what I gotta think of what it's called
them I can tell you by the way I got to
know what the other way to dodge big
blankets attackers
I don't know I don't know how reliable
my method of getting good and just
sucking up the damage was
all right for the checkpoint
what is this a pulp no I don't know
either this explain what it does there
there is an Adobe app where you live
lager boom
Adobe live logger is an app for your
iPad that you can take notes and create
markers during a live shoot and so if
you have like an hour shoot but nothing
a lot happens during that hour you can
create markers that you can then import
into your timeline and know exactly when
the good live longer you can know
exactly when the good stuff happened and
so as an example for for the first four
hours of I leave that running running
because we know we shoot for four hours
and then every time we make a good joke
or if something else happens I can make
a little marker so then instead of
having to rewatch that entire four hours
worth of footage I can just go boom boom
boom there's all the funny stuff there's
all the interesting stuff and
it makes editing incredibly fast and we
have messed around with the idea of
using something like that for best of
the worst one of the real problems with
that though is you have to be out of the
moment for a second it's never gonna
happen is you have to stop watching the
movie and hit a button which means you
know you never get the marker right
where the joke is and you could always
miss a joke but uh so in theory if we
had you know like if or if one of us
would just remember to take notes
editing of best of the worst could be so
much faster cuz I know right now for for
them editing best of the worst going
through three full movies with us
talking and an hour and a half plus long
discussion of those three movies has got
to be absolutely insane and it's
incredibly time intensive so we're
working on we're working on ways to
update production but is him probably
just not gonna happen
good yeah that would be a great job for
an intern you're right you're right
let's see here an AMA says have you ever
had a dream that you you have your you
you could you'll do you you wants you
you could do so you you'll do you could
you want them to do you so much you
could do anything letter ten gaming
editing is the thing that Mike and J
like most so me offering to pitch in for
editing festival or SEPA sewed would be
a hard sell that's the part they really
like right but not just that that's the
part they enjoy the most
like I think either of them would rather
sit out an episode then the not edit
it's our signature it's really not
something we can hand off
oh yeah knowin and I have a very
different style than Mike and Jeff right
yeah Anonymous is what does it take to
be an RL em guest you have to be invited
by microjet
I have some good reason to have you on
right and something our LM said said how
much would it cost for a jack learns
touch-typing stream starting with Mario
teaches typing and typing of the Dead as
your final exam can then be terribly
boring for everyone involved
no I realize now I'm just too old I've
missed the boat I've missed the boat for
learning touch typing no matter how much
I would want to do and really I don't
take them that much every day if I typed
moreover dad problems I would probably
make it happen but
so what does rlm do outside the YouTube
channel TV commercials I've produced
some TV commercials rlm they do this
this is what the doom that's it you see
it you seen it you seem to do two videos
that's what they do
I've produced I produce all sorts of
shit as my day job I produce branded
content I make TV commercials
I make corporate videos I produce all
sorts of shit
some of it is fun and interesting and
some of it is not yep if you're just
joining the stream yeah scam is not this
hard I've beaten the game and I am now
playing on target court boat and in
hardcore mode it's a one shot one kill
yeah just for somebody who just tuning
in thinking yeah what's the oldest game
that Richard jack has ever played yeah
it's a weird question yeah at my grandma
had Paul and chip Punk 4 which was pong
four different ways not not just pong
you know pong is the two that is the two
sticks she also had a reverse pong which
had two lines with a break in it and you
had to get the ball in the place you
remember when it came out specific
Oh for me probably not feel like like
Super Mario Brothers Super Mario is
first game you can remember coming off
brand new I have a terrible memory but
no no that's fine yeah for me would
probably Super Nintendo days yeah okay
yeah for me it's probably super
Nintendos day that's when I was old
enough to to actually remember stuff
no that's gonna happen what's the
weirdest thing I've ever produced that I
can talk about yes there are some things
that I've that I have been a part of the
production who I can't that I can't name
specifically yes all right like if I did
I would have to name them in positive
lighting and some of them aren't right
I've done a lot of weird stuff thing I
did really recently that was a lot of
fun was a corporate gig yet it was for a
it was for like a school fundraiser so I
say a corporate gig but you know for a
school fundraiser and they had me
produce kind of a James Bond type short
yeah but you know it's it's a very
typical corporate gig where you know
like oh oh Jeff from accounting always
does this sandwich thing when it gets a
sandwich oh we need to get sandwich
vinegar oh and Mary Sue who has been the
receptionist of the school for the past
50 years is retiring and so she's gonna
be the big surprise again I'm Mary Sue's
you know it's dumb stuff like that is
trying to fit in all of like the in
jokes that they want in
but it was a lot of fun because it was
it was a narrative thing and I very
rarely get to produce narrative videos
anymore you know most of its pre right
now is a Oh a prereq or or montages and
so I very rarely get to produce
narrative videos and it was a narrative
and those are always fun those are fun
to shoot they're all saying it's fine
even just touching it
oh I'm sorry that I I'm sorry that in my
example I named a fictional person Mary
Sue get over it get over it if you can't
if you can't deal with that that's your
fault it's not mine for the same name if
you want to see the history of our LM
isn't there something that's where it is
isn't there a history of it somewhere
Unger into repeater is that yes oh
that's probably not available the disk
isn't they are out of Christmas right if
it's still available digitally look at
look for the rlm collection volume 1
which on it has a history of blanket and
if you want a fun backstory for Mike
rich and Jay the full-length documentary
how not to make a movie that comes with
guerrilla interrupted is a fantastic
documentary and it's all about the early
days
Mike Genrich hanging out and making a
very terrible movie and some mistakes
they they made as some lessons they
learn someone asked if there was a
history of rlm you know what on the
other hand it also is horrible Schilling
because that's what pays the rent
motherfucker you know what happens when
you stop shilling you stop eating deal
with it
five more chances fuckin bullshit
chances Oh a cinnamon great the red
letter media archive collection is
available digitally so I recommended a
fun one it's fun collection too there's
a whole history of Plunket thing in
there and too
I don't know what by my book by my boy
just go just roll past and roll passing
Oh try it at trying Great Muta great he
spawned right under me yep he's spun
right into me great great
so what's the plan next forward to do
I had no other plan and

[Part II]
here you can take that oh you know what
I forgot to do a thing that I wanted to
do what the thing was that here I
thought I'd be super smart rich so right
before we started the stream we filmed
our Legend of Zelda breath of the wild
discussion yeah and I brought with me my
laptop and my harddrive because
something that takes a bit of time is
ingesting all the footage yeah like all
you know we three cameras you gotta
ingest all the footage you gotta train
you transpose to ProRes and not at all
it's tough so I was like hey I'll do
that while we stream oh my god and well
it'll it will literally save me like two
hours tomorrow
and so I can start editing faster and I
just forgot to do it so I'm sorry that's
all right I'm SuperDuper sorry we can't
play more Zelda cuz we didn't bring the
switch enjoyed it though enjoyed the
fuck out of Zelda yeah good game it's a
good game that Zelda that Zelda is a
fine game was most of the discussion
talking about the weapon braking system
know a fair amount of it though as I
didn't like it an enriched thought it
wasn't appropriate
I thought of work for the kind of game
they were making I mean they could have
stand it added a little bit like 25 to
50% more durability I think that's my
gut feeling on every weapon across the
board but yeah it was fine and
yeah I thought I hit quit quit weird
great great all right hey let's see what
you know we have a shit ton of games we
can play another game we can play like
another game if I can't go too late
mostly because I don't want my face to
explode midstream
yes we have this so need to win that
missile only FTL run I never claimed I
was going to win a missile only FTL run
just that I was going to try one and
that it would be a disaster which it
obviously was because a missile only run
right I think that was kind of a
disaster
Oh guys I would love to play Isaac oh
I'll tell you what though waiting to
play it on the switch alright I'm gonna
wait play it on the switch because uh
kind of looking forward to playing that
mobli interview the Angry Video Game
Nerd about his crappy movie he released
a few years ago we're in no place to
talk to any web celebrity about their
crappy movie that made themselves hey
ain't got nothing against the angry
video game nerd I ain't got nothing
against no one Vice City I see I see I
see oh we don't have it installed you
talking about grand theft auto vice city
somebody suddenly something someone a
robe like I didn't take a look at it
might be good I've been too busy play as
much as old as I can that was the point
that was the plan I I actually I beat I
beat Zelda probably 20 minutes before I
can
I was really close and then I powered
through did we see that screen junkies
ripped off nerd crew yes I did see that
it was kind of sad really
they did a a fake overpraising podcasts
it's it's honestly shameful
the the really upsetting part is they
had on there I don't know if you if you
if you've ever seen her stuff what's her
name Jenny
chat channel know what her name is and
put it in the chat her name I got I
guess it certainly wasn't personal
because I just haven't watched much of
their stuff so I don't know who you're
talking about
there there's there's this youtuber
named Jenny someone please say what her
name is Jenny from the block yeah it was
a you know what I was embarrassing Jenny
sent what's her last name anybody
oh Jenny Nicholson her name is Jenny
Nicholson she well she makes really fun
videos yeah and she she has fun thought
peace videos and they had her on to do
this like fake podcasts overpraising
record crew thing and it's like oh it
was just sad rich is what it was it was
just sad and I saw that crop up online
and I felt sorry for them because it was
so bull Aidan boom I wanna watch this
I'm stream yeah you wanna leave you want
to watch it I'm curious what they did
can someone link to it and someone link
to it who cares
somebody link to this thing someone link
to it no well and that was upsetting for
me because I'm like I I'm a subscriber
to Jenny's channel and I watch her stuff
all the time and I think she's very
funny but
then she was on this thing and it's like
that almost soured me on her and was
like oh don't do that
that's stops growing I want to click on
this up curly I got a stupid touchpad
can't do anything with a touchpad did
you do it
oh Jesus Christ turn which is watching
it right now
all right there bit is talking about
saying like a second to footage right no
they're saying they watched a clip
mm-hmm their bit is reading people's
tweet okay and and using the tweets to
talk about Star Wars footage okay okay
that's the bit see no no you got you got
a fake one second two footage and
wouldn't be easy to do because you have
to fake one second a foot if you did a
second of footage the tiniest glimpse of
a lightsaber and like it's the clip has
to be less than a second long yeah that
you're overanalyzing yeah that's how you
do that in the comedy the the idea is
that they're over analyzing someone else
talking about footage they saw which I
think doing it that way
they're too fucking lazy you're stupid
to make a fake clip I'm I'm not
disagreeing with you
yeah I wouldn't make it a minute in yeah
I technically I'm at one minute and one
second and I went to click pause not
even thinking about it like the one
minute mark at the one minute mark on
what to go pause like oh it's that one
minute exactly yeah so I made it one
minute yeah you sucked in Wow Wow sucked
in right let's not go there I don't want
to
we're warring with screen junkies I got
nothing against some I got I got nothing
personal nothing personal against them
and like I said I'm that lady in the
middle I like her YouTube videos I think
she's very funny she had a really good
one for Suicide Squad where she talked
about just the practicality of forming
such a squad yeah and she's funny she's
generally funny
hold on
J was freaking on spring onions but no
Janos one of the people who produces or
is on screwed right jig is Jay's friends
with them so no it's not there's nothing
personal against them and you know what
there is also here's I'm gonna I'm gonna
get larger wrench there is nothing wrong
with taking inspiration from someone
else's bit and turning it into something
I don't think they did it as well and I
don't think they turned it into their
own thing but hey you know what there is
nothing wrong with it yeah well the
other thing is like they they did not
set up the bit properly where if the bit
was going to be instead of analyzing
footage we are going to analyze someone
talking about footage right
they weren't they have footage of
themselves talking about footage that
they could have used
well you overanalyze your own Jedi
Council episode oh I like that
that would have been funny right well no
but they didn't get into the bit fast
enough if the bit was like okay this
tweet says saw some footage and it was
amazing let's take this word by word ah
Mei Xing does that mean there's gonna be
a maze in Star Trek Star Wars does that
mean it's gonna start with the letter A
what do we know about the maze like they
didn't get into the bit fast enough is
is the problem
what is this this is in visiting he rose
now they gonna cut started us hi I have
a parent there's a little tutorial thing
that I need to get through so the give
with this game is it's a multiplayer
game so I plugged in a second controller
in which all the players are invisible
okay and we have to fight each other but
we're invisible inspired heavily so as
you see now I'm running around but I'm
invisible but I just bumped into wall so
if I bump into a wall you can see me
bump into a wall but I know I can't see
you you people actually want to see more
Zelda I have nothing against playing
whores olap we can do that about we do
we can't do it tonight the problem is we
weren't we weren't encouraged to play
more Zelda because going from Oh game
audio is too loud if you remember going
from one to switch to Zelda lost us a
few hundred viewers really yeah you
hundred a couple a couple hundred
hundreds of viewers are you shitting me
mods double double check my math if I
remember correctly going from one to
switch to Zelda lost us a couple hundred
years because I think people didn't want
spoilers oh that makes sense yeah and
everyone's doing Zelda right and so we
were not encouraged to do more Zelda and
we shed 200 viewers and minutes Tiberius
Thank You Tiberius I can't give you any
more ones whose which because I gave it
to gamestop plate play Doom I can't I
can't switch gears that fast the last
like two and a half to three weeks of my
life has been split between horizon zero
dawn
Zelda breath of the wild I think trying
to play doom right now would just be
like getting hit in the head with a
brick not because I don't like doom I
fucking love doom but so different oh
god right so different I would get
whiplash on error right
yeah and horizon and Zelda had via were
you know FEMA Lee very similar totally
different but had a very similar themes
yeah I think Sunday will do near
autonomy mama Nero tied up I'm at a man
that'll be a fun one autumn Nier
automata yes well I think it's out on pc
friday my brain might be too fried to do
a review on that I don't mind streaming
it yeah will stream it and you know what
will change your mind your mind I think
we've done that before
jump over the wall can we even upload
the one to switch and Zell the streams
to YouTube since Nintendo was a bunch of
dicks well it'll make that much money on
the YouTube videos honestly we'll put
them up so we'll probably flag them if
anyone
we just don't monetize those exactly if
ever anyone noticed that they're unable
to watch the WWE stream on YouTube it's
because WWE flagged it and so they
control we're behind on our YouTube
videos yeah I was playing the wild and I
completely lost track of time and I
noticed it was 5 a.m. I was like oh shit
I need to cut up those YouTube videos
and I was legitimately going to do that
today
Oh while I'm ingesting footage tomorrow
would you like me to cut up a couple
just just to give us a couple days all
right I'll do that
I I mean I I have to take time to ingest
anyways you guys are on patreon who
cares if it gets to monetize red letter
media is on patreon prereq is not
so mainly for me me it's mainly for me
even if you don't monetize it yourself
Nintendo's claim will turn it on for
them that's true well then we pull on
Jim sterling and we we insert like some
copy written songs a small star I love
it I know you're an all-star over the
only YouTube video we have a title
screen form I think we need like maybe
like Nickelback I don't know if Smash
Mouth does it like you know like someone
who's a real who's a real prick alright
hey grab a controller what oh my god I
will just this is standard alright so
you had a tutorial and I didn't I feel I
need to point out metallica metallica
reading with a chat is saying for oh yes
metallica will certainly okay so press a
button and choose your hero i don't know
who anything with any of these people do
what he looks awesome
when okay so as you see you move with
the arrows a is your gun and bees your
special ability i don't know what your
special ability is okay you are
invisible unless you go through water
bump into a wall or fire okay as am i
let's just fucking do it let's do it
Boyd beats I think I tipped like an hour
and a half ago still nothing I didn't
see anything alight hold on I'll take a
look take a look when we switched over
it might have gotten lost in the shuffle
okay hold on before we say ready sorry
hold on Lloyd yeah when I switched over
to me
I don't see anything
lloyd hold on yep I said that one uh
well here's just to catch up on the tips
unit six with read it says hey rich and
Jake I like giving you money because I
realize both our lemon prereq has a lot
of integrity no sponsors you don't take
freebies making them what you want and I
give them for that I give you props you
know we're not against freebies if you
want to give us it's not that I got
really like uncomfortable when I love
Firaxis yeah axis yeah well like they
wanted to send this Laker games
oh noes the civilization beyond that was
when they were making Alpha Centauri
they was just like I can't do that yeah
it makes it a lot easier on us as
critics yeah yeah oh okay here we go a
dish stirrer says you guys should play
wandering Souls I sent a download link
to contact at red letter media but can
give you another link if you need great
game
we'll get that eventually thank you shag
Oh hob 1897 says would you guys ever
consider holding a contest to have
someone sit in on the tapings of best of
the worst
keep the prereq streams and shows coming
no we're a very private internal what
I'm looking for well no we no yeah no no
no like one rich is saying like where we
are actually like we are not necessarily
outgoing people right and I know it's
weird because here we are talking to a
bunch of strangers on the Internet - we
would have no I would like we also like
like the thing we produce and we want to
produce something really good so we
would have no idea if you would be good
at it and that would bother us so no I
think they just want to sit in though
and be in
area and that would still be weird still
be weird
cool trainer leh handi says these two
dollars are mainly for Jack thank you
anonymous says here are some pre
recommend ease for Jack's broken nan
patreon ass go get yourself something
nice thank you you can say it you guys
have creepy fans some of them few times
few times yeah most of you are cool
passionate friendly people most mostly
people are great just actually almost
scary yeah and for the last of no
neither of us have seen Logan yet and I
have no thoughts on Mel Gibson directing
Suicide Squad to Mel Gibson is a
talented director even though a slight
dickhead ready yep
so yeah the give of the game is that
you're both invisible do you move over
to wouldn't hit her my dress it in the
wrong maybe I should be using I use the
deep end I'm using the deep end I think
it's a little easier it was actually a
tile over further than I thought
and I'm blaming that on the analog stick
sure sure okay you're red I'm blue yeah
ah I kept bumping into shit ah I know I
had to move quick YUM are you per se to
skip why would I want to skip well now
you get to talk shit
ah what how did you get there oh you son
of a bitch nice rich you know what nice
one shows the tip and I saw it pop up
under the tips on the screen to get lost
or something
Lloyd beat my face has been around for a
while and water smacked around me but
Silver's Rick roared enough evil Lord
David atomic mousetrap real van one
small ball anonymous but we already said
that's the page when we said that one
I'll leave Roz the reviews are hilarious
Mass Effect 4 looks awful hmm yeah I
expected that to be a dumpster fire yeah
now I have to go look in the up the
reviews I don't know that was out we are
not reviewing it
wait it's not I'm not playing it's not
out yet I think the early reviews so
early
do not do not send it to me even though
I will destroy the copy save your money
give it to somebody who needs it please
yes Lloyd I
do we just need a diagnostic on this
fucking laptop is that no you know I'm
just gonna restart stream tip alert er
that's what I'm gonna do
can Jack play it Jack doesn't want to
play it how about that the people models
look terrible I don't know about all the
people models I know the protagonist
looks like a stick figure we didn't want
to use very typical and whatever Oh
big tough hero I want to be some skinny
stick figure dude or a big tough lady
like whatever yeah yeah okay hey you
know what Lloyd I restarted the stream
tipalert er and I see your tip also one
from Len fly Kaczynski we missed a
couple so I'm sorry about that
Lloyd beats us Jack have you heard of
little nightmares
it's basically inside Meets The
Nightmare Before Christmas looks like
something you'd be totally into comes
out on April 28th Thank You Lloyd I will
look into that that's what little
nightmares is it's inside meets The
Nightmare Before Christmas okay okay
it's a game that Lloyd and I will I will
look into that
thank you lord Lenin fly Kaczynski said
rich what's the best moment in your life
the day you proposed to Karen when you
started working for rlm or when you
found out Jay Cutler is no longer at the
Bears
I'm a Colts fan happy for Bears episode
of Star Trek TNG mm-hmm and I said ah
fuck it and I leaned over and kissed her
Oh that'd be the best day oh that's
great that's great rich I'm happy for
you okay let's get it let's give it a go
let's give it a go
I thought I was one up we almost bumped
into each other yeah I know I thought I
had you I thought I had you rich the the
Moriarty episode I don't remember which
one I think it was the second Moriarty
episode Oh
yeah
what was shooting the blue thing kills
me
apparently ricocheted back that's my
power apparently I put that blue block
there nice nice one rooster says the
moment I kissed the love of my life yeah
but which Star Trek episode was it oh
I'm really glad you had your first kiss
with care it's great but what would we
want you a Star Trek
oh I couldn't move fast enough I thought
you were in the middle of the pool but I
should have known that because I would
have seen your footsteps you know what I
like this yeah yeah I backed this I
backed this on Kickstarter ages ago and
it came out months ago and I just never
got around to it oh let's see here
gobbledygook say oh no uhh so yeah
gobbledygook says speaking of bits and
things I'm thinking of changing my name
I'm thinking of changing my name is it
offensive it gets flagged sometimes I
don't know why it's spoken in king of
the hill and that's a clean show let me
know if it bothers you gobbledygook s'
gobbly gook like oh my god it's a bunch
of stuff it's a bunch of gobbledygook I
think it's weird that it gets flagged I
don't know why gobbledygook but don't
know I know why why but it's it's own
thing that isn't related the last part
of that the second Jeon yeah but that's
not how you pronounce that I know but
that's if that's why it's getting
flagged the thing that looks at text
sure oh it's thinking like it's spelled
kind of closely to a racial slur yeah
sure I guess I guess don't change it for
us though or else we won't know who you
are gobbledygook
all right let's see here a sewer Dan
forces Rich's constant product shilling
finally convinced me to make a purchase
fun fact with shipping the total of
space cop guerrilla interrupted and the
poster comes to $69 nice thank you thank
you very much I'm ready
nice
oh I was gonna turn it shoot yep I
caught you I caught you so you have like
a little finder drone yeah very nice
cool cool cool cool let's see
gobbledygook says seriously help me
fellas is gobbledygook Jean T y T V y7
PG pg-13 R and C 17 M X I don't know
these things the name sounds okay to me
but who knows if it offends people maybe
yeah like gobbledygook s' is a way to
say a big mess of thing yes but the last
part of it if it was just one oh I
wouldn't freaking worry about it don't
damn name don't worry about it it's fine
it's totally fine if your name work kill
all the cooks different that would be a
little different then we'd have to have
a little conversation with you right old
handsaw says Jack I just want to say
good luck with the root canal I'm having
dental cleaning tomorrow bad oral news
always begins with the cleaning courage
hey it's it's important to have a
regular cleanings and then hopefully you
won't have root canals but hey I'm
feeling much better now I've had I had a
little Tylenol there's a tylenol
downstairs I had a beer so I'm all good
now gobble the gobbledygook is its own
word that is not related to a racial
slur but the last part of it if it you
had the long o sound which is a word I'm
not going to say on stream anybody
anybody who's getting bad out of shape
about that too fucking sensitive about
gobbledygook
about everything
agreed all right doctor dream it up says
hey guys I have nothing else to say but
I catch you guys live so rarely I wanted
to give you more money use it to buy a
sandwich or a firetruck or maybe a
helium laser gun or something okay Irish
I still got to come back one more kill
for you and you win what I was up I lost
track of where I was oh I went down I
was I went down too far I thought I was
one tile up excellent game rich oh of
course we're gonna go again yeah this is
gonna
I've been meaning to play this there is
online mode there's online functionality
I just haven't gotten around to playing
it Shanna God says gobbledygook noun in
formal language that is meaningless or
is made unintelligible by excessive use
of abstruse technical - technical terms
nonsense
yeah yeah company Guk I'll be upset if
you change that name yeah I don't change
it oh yeah you're changing yeah go ahead
change do it do it I'm surprised you
guys never do drinking games on this
stream rich doesn't drink so that would
be a really awkward and I have no
problem drinking alone but like that
Beach is really aquifer rich take a
drink rich did you long in as you when
you bought this fasting this is this
this is on edge okay so so I have this
on each but it is available on Steam I'm
blue now
and I am pink save Wisconsin look at
this guy just big death Reaper oh wait
it's and I tell you what they do drop a
portal teleport yourself contrary small
destructible block in front of you that
reflects a shot that's all oh I think
that's why I was last time I was Carmen
you were Proteus ather furious ground
pound that damages obstacles and stuns
foes Oh iris cover a lot of ground
quickly using a quick short burst of
speed you know I'm gonna try oh you're
gonna be okay no that's all right I'll
be iris all right perhaps my focus right
might reveal something useful yeah see
that's that was a drinking game for a
Jack solo stream that's fine if it's a
Jack soloist room we can do drinking
games start oh I'm up there okay alright
alright get the lay of the land here
Oh
I almost turned that right you get a -
imposed to walk I thought I had you I
thought I had Jim Jack secret is that
he's always drunk no I'm not even I'm
not even drunk now I've only had one
beer tonight
Oh ready
Oh quick on the draw rich there's a
choke point man you got to get to that
choke point right good work jack I felt
good about that I felt good about that
that's gonna be my only kill the whole
game where can I contact twitch to ask
gobbledygook to be whitelisted that's a
great question I do not know the answer
to that question Oh
the tall grass you can move through
ah uh what you a shield
no you do how did I get a shield
I don't know
are you new rich what are you gonna do
yes gotta be quick on the draw I picked
up a shield thing you must have yes it
saved my ass wherever I picked it up
bullshit was that what that powerup was
what is even happening right now rich
and Jack keep vanishing lol well that's
the game is we are you are in stealth
you are invisible unless you bump into
something or shoot right you're
invisible even to yourself and so you
have to remember where you are and try
to figure out where they are this is not
a fun game to watch oh well it's very
fun to play deal with that
oh I thought it was one lower no choke
points did I always want to make videos
and suffer didn't I have it I thought I
was on the space under oh sure oh no I
was I've talked about this before I was
an aimless youth aimless I did not know
I had no idea what I wanted to be for a
very long time and I just kind of fell
into the video making stuff and ended up
really liking it
not no no
oh so the neat thing about this level is
if you see like the tall grass that's
how I kept reorienting myself it's like
running purposefully running into the
tall grass cuz you know like you can see
it Russell yeah but I also see it
Russell that's that's the the trade-off
and so like it's just kind of like
anticipating where they're gonna be in
trying to figure out where they're gonna
be this this is intense
this is great this is great it's great
No
yes you are there yeah oh no idea I
thought you were I thought you were down
there I was waiting for you to move down
there hmm let's see here where are we a
bit a bit of an ass as a Scottish person
says the off switch I can assure you Mel
Gibson is a perfectly fine choice
he and Warner Brothers have a long
history of making films that completely
ignore and insult the source material
well great
ah I'm trying to think of a Mel Gibson
directed movie that I've seen Braveheart
I had in zebra though yeah didn't we
didn't care I don't know how hard the
patriot he directed the Patriot Last
Temptation of Christ since day one I
think he directed the Patriot pretty
damn sure he did very similar to
Braveheart it's what I've heard I've
seen the Patriot but you know I think
he's won awards like he's won accolades
for his directing yeah you give him an
action movie he knows kind of the action
movie structure could be fine I don't
care I don't care I still need to see
the first one game child UK says got
Dead Rising 4 on Steam yesterday on its
own it's ok as a Dead Rising sequel like
rich predicted it's a letdown to
streamlined
fake Frank West and just too damn easy
bring back Psychopaths and timers yes I
know what patriarch the Patriot emmerich
rollin in recorded each other that makes
way more sense that makes movie more
sense
Patriot was Emmerich yes I can see that
already
sure
oh nice where are we go yeah we did that
mr. bucket 88 so speaking of dental work
that's yeah dental work it's a part of
adult life it's been a while since I've
been to the dentist and I have terrible
teeth I had my wisdom teeth removed last
week and all I could think of is how
much I look like Roberts Adar it was
scary
have you had your wisdom teeth out yes
okay yeah that sucks that sucks
Jack example Esquire says hey there I am
a semi old fart who recently stumbled
upon your stream thanks for the
entertainment as I find myself with more
time to play games these days what games
are worth my time well entirely depends
upon what kind of games you like I know
recently both rich and I enjoyed horizon
zero dawn and Zelda breath of the wild
yeah as examples of games that we enjoy
yeah you might like real time strategy
games you might block well you might not
you might like I might oh no yeah no I
could recommend one here here's a game I
have a game recommendation that everyone
loves yeah rocket League yes no matter
what type of gamer you are you will love
rocket League rocket league is fun yes
super fun let's give this one more girl
rich okay what time is it
it's almost it's nine o'clock right now
so I figure if we're giving you know one
more good game we will have to call this
an early stream okay just because I
don't know when my tooth will flare up
again and I do apologize for that
know about jumping oh you just did the
ground pound one oh I did that one I
like that one double damage we die in
one hit why would I need double damage
slash foes and incoming fire to stock up
double damages well what if I get a
shield or something I'm just putting
that out there activate to create a
controllable non-lethal decoy what all
right I'm gonna try I'm gonna try Phoebe
Phoebe drop a portal teleport yourself
or a live shot to it I'm sorry - here -
it's right now it's it's deala below I
tooth but who knows you're gonna see our
footprints cuz it's raining
no okay defeat thee
oh shit
Oh interesting strategy they're rich
Wow can't Wow that's why drugs they
didn't give me any good drugs they
didn't give me any good tooth drugs that
take some Advil it's fine try it next
time try and not be seen
Thanks I don't quite understand how my
teleport works you can go there at any
time nope
where
shit
did I get you
then you got the deed to coin oh oh
really oh they're streaming until 2:30
a.m. that's right
tooth hurty am rich 2:30 tooth hurty
amazing amazing wordplay
quick draw quick draw tooth tooth here
like if you walk into somebody you stun
yourself and apparently like I you can't
stay on the same square and I was hoping
just to turn up and shoot yeah but but
pressing up you go up a square
nope
I'll I was way off
that was lucky that was due that was a
shot in the dark right there I still
have a hard time believing plinkus
little adventure is a real thing that
exists go play it now it's great that
was a that was a fun game
quick-draw I'm a quick-draw did you hear
about the midget psychic who escaped
from prison she was a small medium at
large
that's a great joke Akbar it's a great
joke quality quality joke act button I
think I programmed that no did you yeah
well then there you go
quality go Grich I heard him somewhere
else I cannot take credit yeah yeah
the lightning it messes up all your
sneaks oh I thought I'd I knew you're up
there too so I was gonna like quick jet
over and shoot up I knew you were there
so I was like I was you got I can't
believe that timing I was amazing
did you see my arrow just going over
there 33 you sure wasted a lot of ammo
before I wasted your face get out of
town
what shot in the dark that was just a
shot in the dark
apparently Q&A; the Phantom often I don't
even realize it Oh
did you guys hear about the circus that
was on fire it was intense that was a
great joke that was a great joke and I
loved it
letting fly Kozinski's is Jack the early
streams of you guys playing crazy tacky
taxi and binding of issac aren't on
YouTube can you put them there yeah they
should be there on YouTube I don't know
uh you might want to double-check that
they absolutely should be there double
check I guess yeah all of them should be
there
fuck I saw I saw my opportunity rich you
see an opportunity you got to go for
crazy taxi has a copyright a soundtrack
if if if there's a copyright strike it
might not be available in your country
which also could include the United
States it's up there there's just not a
lot we can do about it if there's a
strike against it or not a strike a
claim a strike is something different
than a claim
so what's the deal we've done the
nighter uh you know what I'm feeling my
tooth a little bit alright I hate I know
you're probably not feeling great I hate
to make it a short stream but we're
gonna make a short stream so I'm very
sorry everyone we'll be back on Sunday
with some near automata monopod oppa
what is your tooth surgery hopefully by
tomorrow I won't feel any pain Oh
surgery isn't for weeks oh wow wow
you're fucked
but it takes two days for the
antibiotics to to do their thing and
then I shouldn't be in pain alright
alright the fingers crossed fingers
crossed one last tip please of course of
course gobbledygook says homie geez I'll
keep my name since this is a mature
content stream that's true I think we're
all mature here but hey I might take a
new name for myself and put it on a G
Channel why not give me a clown name
please what's what's that what's an
alternate name for gobbledygook s--
hibbity jibbity hey buddy jibbety can't
can't find anything Oh someone will you
can't find anything wrong with him
Aditya but someone will you know that do
you know that hibbity jibbity is
actually a norwegian term and that's
cultural appropriation there you go
and that's how someone will ruin that oh
we're getting achievements rich oh I
like achievements I like achievements
rich
alright let's um let's do the thing
where MOOC oh wait did you have this
this is way at the end it is connected
but there's a very long list I didn't
know would have stopped I think it I
think it is but now we have to figure
out where it stops usually I just X out
yeah yeah I guess my fault I should have
turned it off and started it back up I
was just dumb
yep I love this town
alright we just did the subs Thank You
hack botton Thank You hack bot for the
subs hope except for now paste bin shows
ads will get but you know what will get
better okay so here are all of the subs
who have subscribed to us during this
stream so let call Selleck Alice Lloyd
beets for 30 fucking months in a row
says anal rickets and rectal crickets
okay I don't want either of those
Euler's number El Pollo Diablo six five
seven says what the fuck Nintendo what
the entire fuck oh oh I like this alpaca
death trip I'll pack a death trap Corey
Farkas says hey this is a game machine
gun funks is groovy gobbledygook 431
fucking months in a row if 13 is unlucky
is 31 good luck or my double fuck's your
fucking fucks ah you're fucked backwards
my friend
my turds are green 27 fucking months in
a row says of course the woman can
answer the telephone first what the hell
is it a reference to the woman can
answer the telephone first I have no
idea okay great
the relay on sixteen months a neurosis
hey Jack what are we going to get a man
where smaller pants
I made a vmat2 video call the man
where's smaller shirts where I started
with like a quadruple XL and went all
the way down to a baby's onesie and you
know what I really liked that video it
would be less fun putting on smaller
well I suppose like trying to get into
him I think one continuous shot oh no
you cut it up but the the the funny
thing about the shirt was me trying to
wiggle into the really small ones and I
feel like there would be less wiggling
into smaller pants you know okay so okay
I think that's oh the woman answering
the phone they're saying it's which one
to switch preference remember that makes
sense for the game yeah do you remember
the game yeah cuz there's a game you
beat me no yes that I like to be girls I
get it I get it that I like to be
jurists Lucas Ducas seventeen months in
a row Captain James made John 1089 17
months a neurosis thanks guys this
stream was a gift goldmine oh sorry
sorry
the brown coat mark to pisac trade xi 25
fucking months a neurosis shave just
like Helldivers these are from my last
string which is you know what fine
you've read them anyway uh cuz shaving
that was another one to switch these are
old we're getting old things from the
sub that pastebin thing
you know why I don't know why we just
can't catch everything's fuck
everything's fucked everything is fuck
I'm just gonna read them just keep
reading
yonder yonder twelve Maud says hell's
fucking yeah bitches Grand Moff Connelly
28 fucking months in a row
cool Trainor away hindi says haha I like
this game it looks fun no see I think
this is new alright alright I have no
idea maybe they're just making one to
switch references maybe cackles 10 the
dude nineteen forty four twenty six
fucking months in a row uncle of Liza's
next year comes early this year
alright
what blazing Beach says you guys are
just adorable thanks for the
entertainment robo phone twelve Showbiz
Pizza Bear thanks for brightening my
evening you hack frauds visceral attacks
on stairs Oh has a poem for rich to read
yep
that's that's a poem for rich to read
this roll there once was a jack and a
wrench
who played this new game when to switch
after answering calls and counting their
balls they finally exclaimed son of a
hey alright so this does seem like last
week's subs but I don't remember reading
that one do we even do want to switch
was a stream before that wasn't it we
didn't choose all the streams we did
once you switch then Zelda then another
Zelda string yes I'm just gonna go
scroll just gonna scroll for a little
bit
here's muck okay oh wait I'm remembering
this from last month last month last
last stream I'm remembering that one
from last stream you missed mine from
like three shows ago how many are there
here here's stream started and here's
the new stream started today okay here's
today's alright listen right we're still
we're still figuring out this whole
thanks subscribers thing apparently
after three years after close to three
years
how about power fantasy says six months
subscribed but I've been with you much
much longer hi guys at route 9k bruiser
Inc says two years ago my wife had twins
she wanted just one more found out
yesterday twins again I wanna die should
you should after the first set of twins
why you why even put it in there again
yeah man I mean really yeah man no
better that's crazy that's great and I
know people who like haven't had twins
but I've had just like boom one right
after the other
and they say it's incredibly difficult
up front but eventually all three of
them reach a good age and then you're
done but it's so difficult up front like
I had two kids relatively reasonable
distances apart kids that's that's
fucked up man two sets of twins mate in
a lot up says five months you hack
frauds heart emoji lol fuck my cock
striker 1 1 2 1 422 fucking months in a
row says almost two years of wasting my
life watching you turkeys play games I
could hardly believe it right it's out
mister shy smile 29 fucking months in a
row
our Miller 19 months a neurosis Jack one
of my wisdom teeth literally broke in
half today ah I feel your pain
oh it sounds terrible months doctor soy
days 23 fucking month says my
showbusiness donkey wrestling you know
that sounds like a great password
macho business donkey recipe I was
hearing something about passwords you
know they for shit you gotta use it
number and three capitals and yeah
somebody who does passwords said it's
actually better not to require like the
weird care the numbers or the spaces of
the capitals but just longer strings of
random words that you will remember sure
rather than a string of weird capital G
X is 9 for to capital X because mentally
it's longer yeah and because it's actual
words it's easier to remember and if
you're trying to hack somebody's
password it takes just as long to figure
that out it because there's a lot of
characters sure I've got like a four
simple easy to remember word password
yeah so actually that would be a good
password don't tell anybody
don't tell anybody you know change it up
a little bit go hippo bottle camera face
ooh Hipple bottle camera face yep I like
it evil lord david says hey guys david
here five months in a row i hope the
time you get this jacks pain is gone
right now it is yes bond I feel I feel
went down you know like you can feel
like the weird thing is if I put my
tongue against that tooth I can feel my
heartbeat I didn't want to think about
it I fucking think about it I can feel
my happy dinner blues six months y'all
y'all John Elway's teeth yeah
sneaky smith sad spambot 88 says whoo
three months glad you guys do this spot
robot
home sound markup 31 fucking months in a
row better yeah no a lab says in Kong
Skull Island there's a jack and a
Packard character ooh incidence I can't
wait to see that that looks fun that
Kong Kim Kang
18 months Jairo Jen 6 MC Lucas 33
fucking months in a row so looking
forward to you streaming nearer a tomato
it looks interesting but there's way too
much other stuff to play at the moment
keep up and that's that's always the
problem
I think FC Lucas was hoping that would
sound like I like yeah a tomato near any
AR yeah near a tomato near a tomato
tomato
I like that I want to play the game near
a tomato
it's just simple I get your character
close to a tomato they've already made
the game yeah pretend dear dr. tallow
says hope you don't get banned for all
of this hot Plunkett on plink at action
anime babies we that's person's name
shag ohad 1897 questionable protip for
13 months in a row my subscription is
officially - oh nope that's you want to
watch The Rocketeer tonight and any
night because The Rocketeer is great yep
question in protip that's a no jokes
made it he made a joke that I didn't
feel like repeating okay proxy clams
Gareth Gareth gyros says Zhuge Zug
favorite customer says what if Plunkett
was a girl okay the off switch for 14
months in a row enjoy my comments about
something that happened on stream three
hours ago
dildo Calrissian observation 9000 wicked
Scottie 69 says hey guys I hope you try
elite dangerous one day it's coming to
ps4 apparently grimace I played a bit I
liked it I just haven't had time to get
it I used so many game so many games
there's so many games it's anything so
many things in so many games screwed
Mick groots I was geeking out just
plotting a course of course to a
different star system though when I did
play it up no cinnamon says another
month of my life aimlessly wasted here
keep up the good work guys hold on for a
second Erin Jim is 15 says it's over I
thought they averaged several hours we
do normally we try to stream for at
least three and a half four hours for is
our average Jack is having tooth pain
cij's having tooth pains it was flaring
up really hat earlier and I'm worried
it's gonna come back so I'm sorry to cut
the stream early sorry well have a meaty
stream at some point in the future we'll
make up for it oh my god yep it averages
out mid averages out yep oh one of
thunder guns super apartment friends
game child you case is seven months ago
I decided to stop being a cheap hack
fraud bastard thanks for all the laughs
Biffle Potamus
33 fuckin months the last Thomas Lauren
the last hummus oh sure but hummus HED e
to the X 26 fucking months and roses why
no Phoenix right why no Phoenix right
yeah why not man it's about time we go
back to that maybe when your tooth is
better oh yeah I can do your juices
better it'll be first on the docket
dookey rampage Stu pocalypse says love
the stream keep it up
low balls 69 69 LOL balls 69 69 perfect
a new favorite that's perfect
Dark Matter 20 fucking months in a row
says it's fucking time and there's only
two more so I'm not even bothered
ice bone badger 31 fucking Mon says
watch some old bo TW the other day
please let Jesse know that she is
awesome thanks we will let her know we
usually just do that in general but yeah
yeah man tequilas says I understand you
disliked JRPG what do you think of a RPG
if you like a RPGs check out path of
Exile it's on Steam for free you fucks
for a more Bo TWA RPG check out Zomba
site fun cheesy a RPG action
what's an a RPG I know what a a RP is
yeah that's fair old people you know I
actually have an AARP card do you yeah
what do you do with it nothing I got
said to be an accident
no something close the stream sometime
what I was saying about how I have an
AARP card what a better fine time I was
waiting for the joke
