Apr 26, 2017
Bayonetta 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147256572
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147257673
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyY5DDOQVyQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9UkbtE7AbU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/857298924939464711

[Part I]
welcome to welcome to the oh well well
what well what son of a bitch we have
like half a rich we have like half a
rich Evans hold the horse that's that's
that's enough there's a lot of me to go
around how about that though now we get
all the rich Evans action look at that
now we are ready to go welcome I'm we're
okay we're here now we're here now
how's everybody doing this fine fine
night everybody what is everybody doing
okay cuz you know we're feeling pretty
good you feeling pretty good the
weather's been great today I rode my
bike here everything's been great so
this is Bayonetta 2 Bayonetta 2 we
played the band out of one yep I had a
hate issues with I didn't I didn't love
it as much as I thought I was going to
after that first few hours with the game
the it
Bayonetta plateaued for me uh-huh uh-huh
you know that first that for the first
third of Bayonetta is is really a solid
rock solid and her as a character she's
fantastic
but then it just plateaus and it never
gets better you know yeah yeah and then
you start you start like reusing levels
you're fighting the same enemies over
and over again it gets a little button
mashing leaders issues I don't you know
I guess I really don't like the bosses
boss fights and not my favorite style of
boss fights yeah we talked about this a
little bit in a in our in our Zelda
breadth of the wild review which is oh
he's back you know the best boss fights
utilize the exact same mechanics as you
are doing in the rest of the game but
they're just harder those are those are
the best boss fights
oh are you I'm telling the game to start
great let's do it Jack her up on a farm
give him a break why why why are you
doing in giving you a ring why are you
giving me a break what about we're just
talking about trying to be nice we're
just talking about Bayonetta
uh yes Dell long but but basically we
played oh sorry I was I was gonna go on
to a different subject so but oh we
played Bayonetta one yeah found some
things lacking yeah I'm excited to give
Bayonetta 2 a chance cuz I didn't I
didn't like go ahead everything about it
right there's a lot of good to bad in it
yeah I'm looking forward to this great
great I know Indy long schlong wanted to
know if I caught the season premiere of
Fargo have you seen any Fargo yet no I
have not oh so fucking good and the
season premiere is so good sir Ewan
McGregor plays two characters and he and
both have you know like about one of my
favorite things about Fargo's you know
they always have some sort of like
small-time criminal but they all speak
in that like you / Minnesota oh hey
there yeah accent and it gets me every
time
and so you and McGregor is playing twin
brothers who both speak in the u4x and
it's correct it's alright I want to see
if something amazing happens that's not
how a moon works that's the same thing
okay just start on a crotch that's a
fine way to start oh there's no another
multiple crashes and we have two
Bayonetta's that's probably Jean Jean
Shawna wears white hope you're playing
rich
nobody knows where the world came
I don't know no rich does not know about
vanquish yeah
I can't wait for that for one hello for
Vanquish apparently somewhere in the
code to Bayonetta there is an easter egg
featuring the vanquish armor and so
people are starting to they had all
right vanquish you know came out in pc
somewhat recently no bayonetta banette
up there came out a pc somewhat recently
yeah a few days ago something like that
two or three days ago there was a an
update to bayonet up it was a small
update like twenty-two kilobytes and
apparently it was an update to the games
extras and you know the extras full of
like a lot of like you know avatars of
bayonetta mmm-hmm but the 22 kilobyte up
alright
I'm wearing a little back and that's
kind of cool that's adorable
alright the update debated oh it's just
they had an eye on avatar a little image
file but it's not Bayonetta it's the
player character from vanquish right
people are taking this as a strong hint
that there will be an upcoming vanquish
steam release it's possible uh-oh it'll
be fucking glorious Jack what platinum
has been you know releasing all their
shit on PC now and you know if they keep
making money why would they stop why
would they stop I'm not gonna say that
like it's because of us and our hash tag
no bring vanquish to PC got damaged
Twitter bombardment but I think we helps
rich I think we helped
oh look at all that hair oh I think they
replaced a time slow down with just mega
hair mega hair attacks the vanquished
gods may smile upon us all yes they may
they may indeed it'll be it'll be very
interesting when it comes out because
obviously we'll have to do something
about it
I like just just so we can you know play
it and have an excuse to play the whole
thing but you know can we can we do a
previously recorded or do we need to do
a game station 3.0 that's the real Dan
and on one hand I'm watching this the
other hand I'm looking at chat that
voice is so different it sounds
different but it could be the same
actress who's just a little older games
not that old huh Wow you've always
changes in five years
well at least you're the silent type the
last sage I met spent 20 minutes
rambling yep I'm gonna look it up
who that when I look up if it's the same
voice actress or a different one
oh it's Papa Papa don't preach Papa
Jesus Papa Jesus by the way same voice
actress is it
Helena Taylor well we got the volume low
and we're yakking hello I'm just I'm
just putting it on I just put that out
there
a same voice actress Helena Taylor in
both bayonetta's this game looks weird
as shit yeah they're kind of weird it's
about witches fighting angels you have
guns on your feet you use your hair as a
weapon it's it's weird but you know what
we're okay with it
beyo not how I died of light was lost
from the world forever along with its
possessor the last of the lumen sages
anonymous says hey rich yeah yo that's
it alright cool just hey hey you know
what just hey rich just hey
uh-oh
but oh my head stiff I wanted to talk
about what I'm forgetting you talk about
anytime you want I had but I'm four oh
no I'm remembering I'm remembering now
there is there was it was just announced
over the geek wire the the nerd news
service that there they are working on a
live-action Teen Titans TV show yeah
which you know for fans of Teen Titans
this is very good news but here's where
it gets very strange so if you're
thinking like where were they gonna
where they're gonna play a Teen Titans
show TV show live-action where would you
it weird you soon
ah see CW because it's really got arrow
and whatnot of course that's that's the
the are enjoy so absolutely it's not
gonna be on CW sure they are starting a
DC centric streaming service it'll fail
yeah yep
a brand new DC centric streaming service
and you know who knows that there's no
word yet over whether it will have any
sort of monthly subscription charge or
be like the CW app where you know just
run its own commercials but oh lordy
just oh we need another streaming
channel yeah
you know what I love most about
Bayonetta's character model how on
terribly tall she is I love it and it's
just like how every Eve like you know
obviously Enzo is ridiculously short but
even with against the normal people
she's just she's a giant she has a big
personality and I love her
we both unashamedly love the character
oh god yeah oh yeah so in any case DC
starting streaming service it's it's
gonna fail wildly because it won't like
it won't have any videos right my
they're gonna make it the only places
you can see well you know the hype the
DCAU batman the animated series they're
Superman Show and Justice League they'll
they'll take that off of anywhere else
for the air at now you you know what
that'd be nice yeah - want to watch
Batman the animated series the
adventures it'll be nice to have to pay
for a whole fucking stream of streaming
service just for that shit no it won't
be nice well that won't be nice unless
they go commercial they might go the
commercial route where they run
commercials they probably won't they
probably won't but that'd be me and
that's that's all they got that's
interesting hey I got some other movies
oh sure well they have all their
animated features and it's you know they
play they put all the movies on yeah and
then you know they're making a another
season of a Young Justice
oh and so your wacky hey John and this
time John has long hair now they
switched that's fun it's John Warner
Brothers in general streaming service
might do decent as long as it's under
five bucks I mean like I guess I have a
big movie catalog maybe but this is they
have built this as a DC Centrex
streaming service yuck you have a Warner
Brothers centric one right that would be
great yeah that would be fun to get all
your fuckin movies on there yep and then
the DC stuff is just a bonus that might
actually you know you over the tipping
point no and you know what it like then
they could name they could you know they
could pull all of their stuff
well movie studio has done this just put
all of their stuff on a streaming
service somehow but you know what
smaller has like I think Troma has its
own service there there's like a couple
like niche ones that have their own
streaming service okay we can just watch
any movie at any time J would know about
promos more than I would yeah smaller
ones do but like then they could pull
all of their superhero stuff from like
CW and Netflix and just have like the
entire flash arrow Supergirl legends of
tomorrow back catalog you know that
would offer them something
that that is one classy outfit she is
right absolutely
the Golden Rose holding its again yeah
yeah everything's everything's all in in
all the bayonetta's everything's just
delightfully over-the-top see where they
were just like you know it would be fun
let's have her jump off a taxicab just
because we can just because we can in
case people don't understand that we're
trying to have a little fun here all of
those shows are terrible yeah I'm not
caught up on agents of shield I think
there there was a new episode of like
yesterday and I did not see that yet but
I'm mostly caught up it's not that I
like I said I'm mostly watching it out
of sheer momentum at this point so so
it's a bunch of man did everyone see the
the cloak-and-dagger preview looks
pretty interesting what is this
it's a have you ever heard of the Marvel
comic cloak-and-dagger oh yeah yeah are
they doing that on Netflix and no not on
my foot no no no probably terrible then
uh-uh and not on ABC it's Oh hold on
something's about to happen
she just punted a fighter jet that's
beautiful
by the way Gino suave yes
cloak-and-dagger looks like juicy juicy
teen trash I am going to love it
team trash oh yeah so cloak-and-dagger
cloak-and-dagger on out teens and and
they probably love each other and it's
gonna have some issues and it looks
actually it looks pretty decent oh Jesus
oh wow Wow
of course there we go
yeah all right I got a little just hold
on that camel toe for as long as you can
I'm mr. big 70s beehive I do I do
I agree look I mean she's still spanking
a minute or so that's all right oh wow
see look her hair is not attached to her
outfit isn't the first one I'm just
saying it is in the first rider okay
this is the second game what do you want
me to say we played the first one her
hair is attached to her outfit okay so
here's the thing about cloak-and-dagger
it looks really good and look it looks
like juicy team trash right um but it
looks like it's shot really well but
it's not going to be on Netflix it's not
gonna be on ABC it's not gonna be on ABC
Family uh-huh it's going to be on
freeform what the fuck is freeform
it's a streaming service the what
streaming service to many streaming
services stop this shit it's a streaming
service that you don't have to pay for
um is is so annoying that alright
alright very knowing but you don't have
to pay for it it's it's it just um Oh
ABC Family is freeform well the freeform
is the app
it's all it's going to come to the app
wait touch controls I don't want to play
touch controls
reform is ABC family renamed Oh so it's
going to be an ABC Family show is that
it because they have the free form has
an app as well I guess they all have
apps
they changed the name up
in a case it looks really good
I'm pretty excited about it doesn't come
out till next year though so I have no
idea why they're starting to promote it
now but I'm pretty excited looks neat
looks like that like just like dum-dum
teen drama with superpowers it's gonna
be great about two people fall in love
and but you know like maybe they're not
supposed to maybe you know like you know
he's from the wrong side of the tracks
and she's a good girl it's still
interracial yeah we got that's what it
looks like it looks like she's like a
ballerina
and and he's you know just a dude and I
get power somehow I don't know
I was going to say Marvel isn't that
dumb Jack who do you think they are DC
right it's just to me it's very strange
that that a Marvel would spread out
their shows like this you know why you
got you got agents of shield here you
have all of the Marvel Netflix stuff
here then you have something on ABC
Family which apparently is called
freeform now and it's like to me it
seems like they are they're spreading it
out oh so you still do yeah I'm just an
intro thing
you
it's too oh no I know cinnamon I know
it's a disney-owned channel but it's
like why it seems weird to spread it all
out unless they're there just hoping to
like use the Marvel name and the
superhero genre to bump up ratings for
ABC Family which I guess makes sense but
as a consumer it's annoying and I know
they don't care about me
you
cloak-and-dagger have no real big-name
rivals seek it out anywhere well you can
make you can invent new characters that
can be rivals for them I yeah look or
you know maybe they just fight like you
know criminals just regular criminals
right get the drama elsewhere cuz you
know like it's a team show so it's like
yeah we just fight regular criminals oh
god I just turned to see him in a Santa
Claus outfit oh yeah that's great
I thought they they fought drug dealers
yeah that would make a lot of sense
there's a there's a drug dealer yes yes
indicate in their town right low-level
like they're the lowest of they're not
even street level they're their suburban
level you know this Universal level City
level street level and suburb level so
it could be funny like I said watch
watch the cloak-and-dagger trailer and
it looks like very some really
impressive cinematography to the point
where you won't you wonder how much is
like in the actual show
and how much is just propped up for the
trailer and and in the in the pilot
okay this is a good this is fun
that's a nice fake out yep
boom Briand climax rich
they can fight teen pregnancy oh um you
know you know there's going to be an
episode about that you know it wanna
wanna daggers friends is gonna is gonna
you know be into a guy and unsure
whether they want to go all the way and
they're gonna have a little talk
which have you ever played a Devil May
Cry game did you die I mean I you know
the thing the hit X came up and I just
played it with an Xbox controller and X
is in an entirely different place yeah
yep never much I think I think they had
like a demo set up at a store and I
played a little bit of the original but
I don't know if I've ever played it
either for no particular reason it
wasn't it wasn't hate I just haven't
played much of the double make right
right
oshi on
you
how much of like bayonetta development
is is giggling during the writing
process just just all of all of the
writers going okay okay here's what we
do then we have a second jet show off
dagger gets addicted to caffeine pills
absolutely I'm so excited I'm so scared
you know cloak has to you know spend
time between between fighting drug
dealers and making it to football
practice
oh no oh Jesus
all right seems like this has replaced
the like the torture chamber attack
oh okay interest I got my magic meter
filled and I hit L on a did that okay
well I hope there's still special
torture taxes were fun I get I can deal
with that
all right being replaced with this
I hope they give dagger the peekaboo
sideboob costume drive is probably not
gonna happen
dagger is being played by a former like
Disney Channel actress and I'm pretty
sure she's young enough where we don't
want to see that which one's beat which
one's B oh my god I was doing a little
reading up on it on the show just
because you know in general interested
and this actress is playing dagger you
know she's on all these Disney Channel
shows and apparently is like she was on
like a show called like kicking it or
something yeah and she's like an
accomplished martial artist and now
she's gonna be in this shows like oh
that's fun I got someone who can do the
moves and in pure Disney Channel fashion
she also is a singer and as an album I
did not listen to it
she's 19 now so it's fine yeah but she's
playing someone under that so we still
can't be okay with it
Gama yes her suit Bayonetta's suit
occasionally disappears when she attacks
because she attacks with her hair and
her in her suit is her hair her suit is
made out of her hair and so whenever she
does those major attacks she has to get
her hair from pull her hair I'm
somewhere so it's just logical fucked up
that Dodge
okay I can hear the voice now that said
yeah Oh cinnamon I did not hear that I
know um it's it's getting close this
summer you are going to hear rich Evans
voice in a dream work animated cartoon
series the worst part about it I'm sure
ah
and it's so far we know it's gonna be up
on the DreamWorks YouTube channel we
don't know if it's like I haven't heard
if it's getting picked up for regular
television yet you got a cast that rich
recast that rich Evans yep
listen you're taking the whole thing
down everything was super fun this one
character no though pissed me right off
I can't explain why we record how long
ago did we record that Wow
let these six take time oh yeah they
take time but it's it's coming up soon
ish yep is called too loud and it's
gonna be on the DreamWorks YouTube
channel and this is you know I don't you
know I I read the script and it was kind
of fun we had we had a little recording
session right here at the studio so so
wish could do his voice and we'll see
we'll see if anything happens
it does not rich is not one of the main
characters but you know he's in it
but rich to loud unpossible dearth
Stevens is not know this is not Project
Hornet we still have no update for
Project Hornet as it's a slow process
this is just a fun thing that rich did
you know we got a message one day going
hey I'm making a cartoon I want rich to
do a voice and before I gave rich a
chance to answer I said sure rich we'll
do it because why not it's fun
because I can make those decisions for
rich you need to know that
beautiful that's a crazy fun
well just like giving it yeah you know
the first part of the other game is
crazy fun too
I know I know yes I'm Rich's agent rich
rich pays me in in hamburgers Mike my
contract is very simple whenever rich
Evans gets a hamburger
he needs to rip off a chunk of it and
give it to you so it's pretty nice so
far I get a little bit of hamburger here
no it's pretty great it's pretty great I
cheat him all the time yeah half the
time I you know I order patty melts
instead because patty melt is not
technically a hamburger did you get on
purpose
yeah breach of contract that's rich
contract I gotta I gotta look back I got
to look back at a contract ah
No
oh do you have to go rescue sir razor
from hell that was awesome Jean oh yeah
sorry you have to rescue John from hell
I presume
oh great that's a fun little twist oh
yeah you had to fight your hair thing
honey
standard burger tax entertainment agent
clause textbook absolutely but
apparently rich has been cheating me
with patty melts so I guess I need to go
back into the contract and see if it's a
specific hamburger clause or just any
sort of beef between bread clause in
which case you owe you back Oh me like a
dozen patty melts we're gonna look into
this we're gonna look into this Mike did
Mike did do some voiceover for TIG Tom
right but that never really went
anywhere no this was just like it was
just a weird thing the the guy who's
making the cartoon got a hold of us and
said hey I'd really like it if rich was
involved in this and we made it happen
let's see here oh I'm so sorry I've been
I've been it's a beef with inbred claws
then you have then I have a case for
getting up percentages of all beef hot
dogs you're right captain nitpick I
think I've been thinking into small
scope let's see here anonymous says hey
jerk and Roarke what advice would you
give someone starting a freelance
business other than don't start a
freelance business you idiots
lol free my lands it's really hard at
first working for yourself because you
set your own hours and obviously be
there there's a super downside of being
a freelancer where you never know when
your next paycheck is going to come and
so then usually what ends up happening
is you end up working far too much just
because you never know when that next
paycheck is going to come and so I the
only advice I have is work all you can
it is work all you can
which obviously is the most simplest
advice I could give
all right let's see what we got here oh
yeah here we go
gobbledygook says a streaming service
filled with material online from the DC
Universe how often no matter how bad
something you might seem to be do online
offerings ever fail anymore our people
still paying for AOL well that's you
know like that's the big question with
their streaming services is it going to
be something is it going to be an HBO go
or is it going to be something that's
free you know like the CW app
Oh what is that are you making a wall
risk
a hair walrus
humberto Cabbage Patch says hello hacks
what in your opinion is the best John
Carpenter movie what is your favorite
John Carpenter movies separate question
favorite John Carpenter vs. best John
Carpenter my favorite big trouble little
China SNES is pretty great it's pretty
great one his best Halloween is the one
that kind of put him on the map yeah I
still think the thing might be his best
oh you haven't I know I know
yeah I'll agree with rich my personal
favorite is Big Trouble in Little China
that's such a fun movie yeah
lady straight here love yeah oh so I
think his best might be the thing and my
favorite is big drivel Montana
okay I'm sure I'm wrong and I'm about to
hear about it
what the fuck Ridge all right despite
the fact we we talked about the 17,000
times during streams yeah
for the longest time I avoided the thing
because I'm not big on horror movies
right I understand now I mean I've heard
about all the time it's a lot of good
sci-fi kind of stuff in there and I
probably like I just haven't got around
watching it yeah I'll get around to
watching it someday
I avoid it because it was a horror movie
I typically don't like horror movies
rich is not a horror person that's my
industry absolutely it's alright okay
anonymous as rich Congrats on the
engagement and future wedding you're a
delightful person that brings joy to so
many people couldn't be a better man to
get married Jack you're cool too I guess
so do they just have Sean's body laying
around somewhere yes that's great this
was something that I creeped me out a
lot during the first bayonetta were
these like sequences where they just
didn't animate the mouth but yeah we're
talking and I understand why it's done
that's you know I'm sure it saves a ton
of time and money but it's a little
disturbing
jack is objectively uncool I can agree
with them I can totally agree with yeah
Jack is uncool you're gonna say nothing
of me no they say nothing about I think
you're cool I think you're cool okay I
think rich Evans is cool okay I'm uncool
which I am perfectly okay with I'm at
peace with that no mouth animations
equal old school PlayStation days right
and it's weird especially like sometimes
it'll it will cut from like a cutscene
where everybody's mouth is moving to a
scene like this where the camera is
still moving but he's just making that
weird face
hey rich yeah says the blue prism I'm
thinking about getting thief gold off of
steam okay
got any words to convince me to give my
money to the developer but while the
developer is long gone
yeah looking glass studio died because
instead of bailing looking glass studio
out I doze chose to give more money to
John Romero and we got daikatana out of
it oh yeah that happen yeah um
supportive or not I know I don't give a
shit the developers just they're not
gonna get they're not gonna the people
actually made it are gonna see anything
right yeah and you might want to get it
off of gog gog do get it a bit of drm
free you get drm free and you know it it
works the the graphics are really dated
oh that's that's an understatement my
fuhrer this is an arrow when a nose was
just a texture it's a it was an earlier
3d game it and and it is rough you know
rough to look at their use of shadows
really helps as far as it looking dated
it holds up better than it should but
it's still really dated at this point
it's whatever you look at a person in
that game it's like looking at a box o
whenever you look at anything in that
game ever i mean it looks like there's
still some areas with a just some wise
use of shadow that's still that's a fine
that's nothing to find out oh it's you
know it looks I thought it looked
there's mods for this there's graphic
mods for it oh yeah yeah hmm I think
they've even a prick
I think they'd even improved like the 3d
messin mesh meshes oh god um on the
people okay so yeah I saw I take get it
off of GOG you can probably find it for
a better price and
they do they do good work there of Ren
GOG atomic mousetrap says when do you
think the superhero bubble will burst oh
god I hope it's soon no idea right I
have to imagine we're over the hump
maybe infinity Wars gonna be the mild
disappointment
I'll do terrible maybe yeah maybe that
Maura Marvel has already announced that
they are kind of restructuring the next
phase it's not going to be another phase
it's going to be something completely
different is what Marvel has just said
and so after infinity war something
something new is happening link-up with
Marvel movies obviously they'll still
make them as long as they make money but
I miss your old outfit I do I don't you
can go into practice mode if you want
just point that out here you know what
her beehive was really spectacular her
new hair is technically you know nicer
it's more modern yeah it's more modern
yeah but the old hair I don't know I had
some great charm to it that's it I agree
it sounds like Phase II will be leaving
after Avengers 4 right and and so that's
gonna be what's really interesting is
like as soon as Kevin phage ease out and
you don't have that strong producer
voice this phage you said anything about
being on the way out he can't be there
forever sure but it could be for a long
time
Jacobi he could just burn out though
after infinity world everything
everything's been leading up to this
leading up to this and they do that and
then what well now what asshole and then
you know like he probably also like just
for his career in sanity you know you
want a Seinfeld it like we're gonna
we're gonna leave while while it's
riding high I'll give the reins to
someone else and my job is done
I'm a gazillionaire now I'll run some
other part of Disney I have to imagine
part of this is passion for him I have
to imagine he gives a shit no all of its
passion for him yeah that's what makes
him
so special that's what make is the
Marvel movies work is the best layer cuz
that's why you're not gonna see I made
my money
oh no but I like what I can only imagine
he's thinking is I want to get out
before I make a mistake you know I want
to get for I make a bad movie possibly
but obviously he loves the weird awesome
Marvel galactic stuff like guardians and
Planet Hulk right but he's also just a
fan that's how he got started he was
that he was a director's no he was a he
was an assistant to one of the producers
on the first x-men movie and his
encyclopedic knowledge of the entire
Marvel Universe led people like costume
designers and set designers and even
Bryan Singer to go to him with questions
because he was on set with the producer
anyway and that's how he got his start
it's Kevin Fei Jie is every nerds dream
my extensive knowledge of comic books
led me to my job that's not the first I
don't think he was a via rods assistant
um whose assistant was he he was I want
it was it I don't it was one of the
female producers of the x-men movie he
was her assistant good what why was that
go for wearing a necklace I don't know
we might find out Greg is there a quick
summary of this story so ya know the
Bayonetta story so far in this game is
again angel showed up and John died and
her soul was dragged down to hell and
now we have to go get John soul so plot
of the first one was angels wanted to
resurrect God but that would end up
killing everybody cuz it would restart
the universe right yeah that really was
the whole story yeah but you don't find
that out until like way towards the end
really the story the first run around
and just race he thinks the first ones
was shoot to things like shoot
all the things that that move oh just
run around underwater head don't do that
how would you pronounce LOV is love is
LOV is lova slovis yeah love is is how I
would pronounce it but what do I know
I'm a fuckin idiot right
Oh Gina suave Lauren Shuler Donner was
the name of the producer who Kevin Fei
Jie was assistant to thank you for
looking that up for me Gino suave
alright that squirrels gonna be
something did they just cut to the
squirrel get just head out like its head
was in the frame I'm gonna sleep for a
second that I want away yeah that
squirrel is something that squirrel is
something no material you're on the mic
record
everything's fine great there I got
there we go
that squirrel is something I assume that
squirrel is something you can't you
can't set up something like that and not
have it pay off
you
oh you know what that's a really good
way of putting that jolt Aurora this
this kind of genre a spectacle fighter
that's what they were called yeah that's
that is a very good name for the zone I
was trying to think the name we were
talking about the other days and
character fighter character this
spectacle fighter that's the name I'm
sticking up and wikipedia has Bayonetta
listed as a hack-and-slash but it is
technically I suppose that has some
truth to it but it's a brawler it has
combos hack-and-slash is don't have can
booze
he's God of War a spectacle fighter
I gotta four is a button mashing
QuickTime event fest yeah but I would I
would be comfortable lumping that in
with spectacle fighters like okay
yes matters do you do big giant fight
moves we we Oh butter I love her
butterfly wings but Aflac it is a dude
and him yeah that sounds great
great Oh lock and slash that's hard to
say leftover beefcake
Sherlock and slash let's see here super
here bubble one's gonna purse out that's
it you know what that's a great question
it's a great question more so like will
we get into a superhero monopoly where
eventually DC fails and there's just no
one else whatever when our other winner
winner like independent comic developers
besides Hellboy gonna make movies right
Danish bit Ninja Turtles oh they go
mango 1080p ninja turtles they were
doing stuff I know for a while they were
talking about making an irredeemable
movie did you ever read irredeemable no
interesting story like a Superman esque
incredibly powerful superhero one day
does that like turns evil yeah and just
destroys things and all the other heroes
scramble to to just deal with not only
their friend but the most powerful hero
ever is now a villain yeah and and he
wrecked shit was it called irredeemable
they turn this to a film and there was
talk of turning it into a film that
sounds like a good concept yeah it's
it's a very interesting concept
I guess not totally new but well like
I've watched that in the movie ya know
right I read the first then again
Justice League movie Superman's gonna
come back evil possessed you know what I
think I think III heard a spoiler is or
you know like I think it's gonna go the
other way
Superman's going to be reborn into
classic Superman hmm
now that's one bad that's the SEC Snyder
in charge
Zack Zack you know that's not gonna
happen he's gonna come back is gonna be
the thrall of Darkseid and you know what
you're not gonna be able to tell the
difference right but I read the first
collection of irredeemable and it had
some neat story arcs it had some neat
ideas so I could see an irredeemable
movie so you want to you're trying to
think of none big Marvel DC comic book
movies what yeah The Rocketeer was that
comic yes what a very popular one I was
coming apparently oh you know what you
know what could use a reboot the rocket
see since city knives a phantom class
the shadow of course I was a radio play
first yeah yeah yeah but oh yeah the
Phantom I fucking love the phantom the
spirit spirit Oh Frank oh wow
transformers was a cartoon even even the
shadow doesn't count because that
technically is a radio bleh transformers
doesn't count because it was a cartoon
first Oh Chet the crow the crow nice
arch at there on it but where are they
now these are we're all talking about
you know mostly mid 90s early aughts
movies we're all we're all these Indies
now
they're wicked Scotty they already are
doing a dark gritty Archy it's a show on
the CW called Riverdale and and it's
Archie comics by way of Twin Peaks
and I know they tried to do what did
PlayStation try to do and it sucked
oh it sucks so bad
powers playstation tried to make a
powers TV show yeah sure as Xbox woman
and then on the Xbox one streaming no
that was on the place its PlayStation
nice PlayStation 4 streaming and you
know what it sucked
oh it was awful they do a live-action
halo
what happened to that did they do a
live-action 8 were they talking about
that they did animated halo that like
collection of like like the animal no no
they're gonna do like a halo thing for
Xbox screaming oh yeah to compete with
shit like powers ah oh man oh yeah power
list just got cancelled yep and powers
oh man that show sucked powers is a
really good book powers is a really good
book sometimes I worry about Brian
Michael Bendis you know just like how
much he works he's got to take a break
that man's gonna die earlier he writes
so much but powers is a fine book if you
guys haven't read it
you know I'd rather freak dance I'd
rather have break yeah I always bend it
just rights - it's true mall reco like
that he just writes fucking everything
and I'm not saying it's bad not
everything is bad but I just I'm worried
about his health railgun I'm glad you're
enjoying our Bayonetta 2 discussion I'm
glad you're enjoying her all right let's
see here my moose is loose as hi jacket
rich new here I just finished Mass
Effect Andromeda and I was wondering
what your thoughts on just kidding I was
trying to see if I could get Rich's face
to twitch love you guys
I think he did oh yeah yeah worry about
to worry about to be okay I would love a
the darkness movie supernatural mobster
film yeah that could be fun that could
be fun a queen of the One Ring says hey
guys have you heard of we need to go
deeper could make for a fun stream with
chat members playing along if you stream
it I bet I could even get my husband and
his man harem to watch love you I have
not heard of we need to go deep what is
we need to go deeper need to know more
than say name do you get be interested
I was reading about a game today called
you must be 18 years or older to enter
mmm and it looks like a like a slight
text adventure game where you're trying
to watch porn on an old computer without
your parents finding out hey hey it
looks cute it looked funny I don't know
if that's it I keep playing Bayonetta 2
yeah yeah yeah the other thing I was
going to suggest if someone is making a
fan version someone's making a fan game
that I thought could be interesting and
maybe we can do the next dream it is a
The Legend of Zelda breath of the wild
but in the art style of the original
Legend of Zelda okay okay so it's cute
it looks cute yeah so Nintendo will put
a stop of that yep super fast King
videoid I think a man harem is just a
group of guys that hang out a man harem
could just be a gay harem buddy is her
husband she's a husband so he could be
bi they can have an open marriage you
don't know that's true that's true I
should know you know what I shouldn't
put my own judgement on them what if
it's a man Haram is it Haram how you say
something is not good in for Islamic
people or is that halal Haram it sounds
that sounds like if something's Haram I
think halal is like they're kosher Oh
halal is good I think Haram then is
something they can't do so maybe it's a
man all right and maybe maybe her
husband can't hang out with other men
but he does anyway and it's Haram okay
sure okay that's all that's that's it
with your place I can go rich that's the
only thing I could think of
ah right let's see here are CMC me 84 so
hey guys since my save the wheel fund
was successful I will now start a let
Jack use the pling keto board fun not
only because he's never used it but also
to see how fast he can destroy it
hey I'm not the one that destroyed the
wheel when I pushed it over it didn't
break no I'm sure I'm sure they're gonna
like probably next time we film uplink
ghetto like obviously oh we need to get
all five in a minute I get it I remember
whether something LR now they're in a
line how many other one here Jack only
weakened did I did that three years ago
mike is just a monster we all know this
to be true
where's the fourth worst where's the
phone where's the phone
I don't know yeah fuck you gotta pay
attention this time had to do it again
yep is it under that I'm gonna check do
it is it is it is nice
for saving me from a shitty worker
you're welcome screwed smih groots yes
you know I when I knocked and when I
knocked it over that was only like what
the second or third wheel episode I did
not know this was gonna be a
long-standing bit this was like when I
knocked it over it was fine I didn't
break it
alright what was that
how do I get to the next area Wow
you know what I don't know it's over by
these boats anonymous says god damn it
Jack you started Phoenix right and
didn't finish did the goddamn steel
samurai kill the goddamn jackhammer not
um we'll find out Oh patience okay
I'll be fine it's gonna be fine never
never gonna play Phoenix right again
again never again you were afraid I was
gonna get fired after I knocked over the
wheel oh okay get fired I'm not sure
employed yeah you gotta be employed by
someone to get fired huh huh
how are you feel trace amount of what
something coming from it but magic whoa
alright so I get to something with us
for what but what you have to rebuild it
somehow powder right
yeah but how what's behind you and
nothing good oh go to that circle that's
it okay yep
any rlm content in the pipes my font
fiancé and I are scratching at a wrist
like crack fiends waiting for an upload
yes there's there's there's a best of
the worst that's in other words for a
while yeah yeah that one hasn't come on
a while that one hasn't come out in a
while there's a oh no that's the
squirrel who's that the squirrel well
I'm just a squirrel but it's just like
what new character
all right yeah I kind of miss her doofy
sidekick right Ches higher yeah Bieber
squirrel
yes it's sounding a little bit more like
Bayonetta now yeah shit he's kind of
awful I hate him already
how about that how about that they
haven't talked about editing a best to
worse on patreon well there there is a
best of the worst in the can I can know
if it's in lobbying film there no feel
fully edited no no that's what I'm
saying in the can in the Canon just
means yeah there there is a there is at
least one review that I know about in
the can and I'm sure there's other stuff
they're working well the one which did
well I don't think we wanted too many
reviews of us you and me in a row oh
right I'm just saying like I'm you know
they're asking about our alum content
there's this content on the way I can I
can confirm at least two things that I
know are shot who knows when they're
gonna come out but I noticed things are
shot at least three Oh at least three at
least three Oh rich knows of one more
you have knowledge that I don't yes I
mad that's that just also a
generalization there is obvious is in
general you know things I don't know but
also about stuff that our alum is filmed
you know think that alright that's my
husband
we'll garden to the galaxy to be
released next week in USA that comes out
this weekend Gardens is it this weekend
this weekend already oh yeah isn't it I
think it is May 4th I was in May 4 oh
that's not till next weekend it's kind
of good for me Karen just started the
new job this first weekend off from that
I don't want to be busy work and she's
gonna wanna hang out and do something
and I don't blame her I would love to
take the bikes out weather or something
next Oh next weekend oh man I headed up
I got excited for nothing I put the
wrong date on my calendar I got tickets
and everything all ready for guardians
oh you can still of course can cuz you
already learned the total taxes are
still there yay those are fun look at
that those are fun alright I'm enjoying
this then again I'm enjoying this about
as much as I enjoyed the first third yep
let's see here not back the Fiero says
tipping to say hi to my girlfriend ELISA
who will be watching when this hits
YouTube thanks for all the great content
you hax sweet Shack meanwhile hello
ELISA at Lisa bad news everyone says hey
guys can you reveal which film the new
rlm commentary is for also will Star
Trek discovery ever see the light of day
yes it will see the light of day and no
I'm not gonna reveal the next comment
arias oh yeah so eat it
you guys know it's way more it's way
more fun to find out when it hits that's
way more fun rival farm gang says I've
been watching you guys for about a year
now finally decided to take the plunge
and stop being a dirty freeloader
here's five bucks go get yourself some
cheap and delicious taco bell tacobell'
for five bucks I mean heck we get it we
could each get like a big box of tacos
and have left over for Pepsi that was a
great yeah that's great Dana is good
luxury bandit is really good like that
she has that ya know the the system is
there just I'd to many of the fights
were bad and the first one I know nakai
repetitive they count how many times you
have to fight those two gold claw guys
at once how many times you have to do
that right hundred oh here's another
here's the boss coming back for battle
it guess what it's a QuickTime event now
since I've seen plenty of copies on a
shelf I was wondering what are your
thoughts on the Guyver too dark hero I
have never seen it I haven't seen either
now the shelf women we haven't watched
everything that's on the shelf
this is shit people have sent to us yoga
all of them yeah
like are we there these are these are
best of the worst candidates right
everything you see on the shelves like
in the background are candidates there's
only we have two shelves full of stuff
we've watched only two out of all of
these shelves are full of stuff we have
watched in the past not MacGyver the
Guyver yes the angelic teabag oh that's
fun
but at least we know that kid isn't a
younger version of her maybe I like that
character that's fun heading the stick
head ahead mystic heading the sword huh
that's fun that's fun character
oh I know I saw that they're
re-releasing night trap they're
re-releasing a physical version of night
trap my because nostalgia why because
nostalgia night trap was always ship
it's one of it I think it's I think it's
so bad it's good you know like it has a
cult following now her sword face he is
a sword face I like him I think he's a
that's a neat design
let's see here anonymous says will you
get night trap 25th anniversary edition
and what do you think about it I think
it's garbage it I only kind of know of
it fucking hot garbage look at that's me
like I only know of it and from what I
know of it it looks like hot garbage oh
it's it's terrible it looks like just
one of those games where you have to
absolutely memorize everything you need
to do mix that yeah memorize everything
you need to do and mix that with a
little bit of five nights at Freddy's 4
you're just looking at monitors and
that's the only gameplay mechanic right
it's garbage
it'll-it'll looks like yeah it's cheesy
hahaha Dana Plato's in it's garbage
let's see here this time it's lupus says
Jack I watched that folding ideas vid
about Man of Steel and it was great I
also watched his video here movies have
become and it was incredibly eye-opening
thanks for the recommendation you
absolutely you guys want to watch some
quality there's something inherently
authoritarian about superheroes
inherently mmm kind of yeah I mean like
they they know what's best for you so
then so they're gonna go outside of the
rule of law to make sure it happens yep
I'll be with you there I'll be with you
there but uh folding ideas is this guy
he has a YouTube channel and he he
primarily focuses on editing and like
what editing can do for a movie he has
this amazing video about Suicide Squad
and every single problem with Suicide
Squad Nick that's how I found him I saw
this video and it's it's really it's his
attention to detail is incredible but he
also has this amazing breakdown of Man
of Steel and actually like for for a
long time in secret I haven't told
anybody this I have been working on a
script for a Man of Steel breakdown Yayo
of my own because I've always felt that
an idea of a good movie is in there did
you ever see Man of Steel
yeah like there's an idea of a good
movie in there and Zack Snyder just
fucked it up and so you know like not
telling anyone and really kind of
half-assed working out I've been working
on a script to break down my own
feelings about it a script I will no
longer be working on because this guy
fucking nailed it with his video haha
nailed it it's a beautiful Man of Steel
breakdown about all the things that were
wrong with it and and the biggest part
the biggest thing that's wrong with it
is the entire movie is dedicated to will
Clark save people that's that's you know
like Jonathan Kent doesn't want him to
save people because that mood mean he
reveals himself and so much of the drama
is bent on whether or not he'll save
people but the opening action sequence
of the movie is of him the movie on
earth is him saving people from a
burning oil rig and so they answered the
question before they asked the question
and it's beautiful
s what kind of hate that that take on
his origin what what you know Superman's
been rebooted number of times over the
years yeah yeah I've always liked John
Bryan or burn I got Briggs burn okay I
earned a high friend of house names
we're like you know
Superman's Kryptonian parents say you
know the extending of this little
disgusting mud ball but you know you'll
have powers there he'll be able to rule
them like a king that was their thinking
when they sent him to earth this is
basically this alien takeover plot was
foiled it was foiled by a kindly Kansas
farming couple yeah to taught Superman
right I like that aye aye vote Matt you
know my favorite Superman has always
been the Adventures of the animated
Superman yeah and yeah and both Mon
potkins are alive and well and he has a
good relationship with them and he's
just all the aw shucks here oh yeah I
don't I don't like them being dead right
agreed or John it usually it's just
Jonathan he's dead it it's nice to you
know he's just a farm boy you can see he
goes hi mom how you doing you know it
goes the Kansas every now and then cuz
he can fly there see a fly there it
helps out on the farm does those dishes
know we do the dishes mom Yeah right
yeah right that like that Superman
that's the feel-good hero wanna say that
was part of I don't know if that if that
was part of walkabout where he just like
he was having a really rough day and he
just hung out with his mom yeah he's
like I'm I you know gotten to you know I
saved some people but I knew there was
more I could save mom and he's all your
son you're doing all you can you know
just like oh that's that's the Superman
I want heart-to-heart Superman Oh Bob
Kent does not need to be dead huh Kent
does not need to be dead this whole this
whole superhero parents need to be dead
thing needs to end Clark does his farm
chores in two point two seconds yeah but
he still doesn't that's yeah yeah the
important he's fuckin Superman
I think fly the fucking moon he wants to
do it every fucking mods right yes oh no
take care of his parents he spends two
he had to the chores using a healthy
relationship with his parents who are
both alive
that's the Superman I want you know what
else I was thinking about huh you know
something I hate what about Zack Snyder
about well about know what I hate about
Chris Nolan that Zack Snyder and the DC
Universe has bar
from no they got rid of the fantastic
cities add those were always silly like
metropolis and I'm you know what it was
here's what it was it was different
yeah I don't I don't know why that
inherently makes it worthwhile
be it well because that means that that
made them have their own voice like
metropolis being this giant white
sprawling techno topia and then Gotham
being this you know old Catholic dark
places I'm sure sure cities had some
life to them and of course like
metropolis being you know giant and you
know what about when you get like
Keystone so there's somebody well
needless cities well what I'm saying
like metropolis in general like you know
they had like the giant walkways going
from skyscraper skyscraper it was a
playground for Superman right it was a
place that he could fly around and do
his Superman shit and because of Nolan
just everything Chicago or New York now
mmm it's like it's just a little boring
don't you think got oh that's a good way
to put a Gina suave Gotham and
metropolis were almost characters
themselves absolutely I'll agree with
you on Gotham and metropolis I'm just
thinking of the DC as a whole keystone
stars stars right no wonder so many
bullshit DC cities well you don't need
and you know I don't know that much
about those cities and so
metropolis and Gotham art is the
idealized and grim dark sides of New
York absolutely but you know what they
were they were fantasy they added to the
fantasy of these characters and I really
liked that and I don't like the Lee
Nolin ization
of the DC Universe did Zack Snyder make
metropolis and Gotham right fucking next
to each other because he didn't know oh
that was the dumbest thing Ryan was the
dumbest there are also neighbors now
which is the dumbest I didn't know why I
was necessary just pacing wise oh just
so the building and Gotham could be
destroyed it's not like it's it's it's
not like Batman good fucking Bruce Wayne
can own a building in Metropolis know
that that building wasn't metropolis
that was a it was a wait so there is no
reason that they're next to each other
there's literally absolutely no reason
although the only reason is the
transporter argument where it's just
easier to have them next to each other
for travel because oh yeah no Ritz it's
his metropolis branch of Wayne Corp that
gets bombed you know in the in the in
the incident or whatever so no it's just
bullshit and we don't want to spend any
time traveling so we'll put the cities
right next to each other
they did mention metropolis and Batman
Forever yeah but they're not literally
right next to each other you don't know
if you don't know uh in Batman vs
Superman Gotham and metropolis share a
border you can you can stand on a
building in Metropolis and look at
Gotham you can you can in the movie in
the movie you can be standing in
Metropolis in Gotham at the same time by
straddling the border they're right next
to each other no isn't there like a big
there might be a berry there might be a
river between River Bridge it's probably
a bridge though oh yeah I think you
could stand on a bridge be standing in
both cities sure I think I think it's
supposed to be like a New York New
Jersey thing where they're you know
they're you look upon them oh no Jesus
he's heard time travel Sun God of course
is wait and where's chess higher where's
our chess higher they had they had a
nice repartee in the first game her in
chess your honor yeah but she would use
him like a Kleenex
that that makes a fair amount of sense
yeah or just like where's his analog is
is this guy suposed to be chess hires
analog knows this is her time travel kid
yeah no you're absolutely right
you don't see what the big deal is about
Gotham and metropolis being right next
to each other atom like side the eye the
only problem is then you have these
heroes who are right next door to each
other all the time and so why isn't
Superman doing anything in Gotham all
the time like the the idea with
metropolis and Gotham being relatively
far from each other is that's why you
can have different heroes in these
cities
why isn't Batman crossing the river and
doing any good in Metropolis I'm sure
there's crime in Metropolis and it's
only a river away but Gotham is his city
right and it's so it's like it starts to
break down the established rule
of the world and once you start asking
these seemingly pointless questions
you're no longer paying attention to the
world the penguin would be far more
worried about Superman right why does
anyone care about the Batman when
literally a cross a bridge is a God who
can fly to them in a second why does
Batman even need to exist you know the
name of the Man of Steel video what was
it called uh folding ideas is the name
of the YouTube channel and it's an older
it's one of his older videos obviously
Man of Steel is older and don't be
disturbed that it's a puppet head he got
rid of the puppet head later on in his
video but for this for the Man of Steel
video whenever he talks it's like a
little puppet okay and it's a little
weird because you're just kind of
watching a puppet talk but oh god he
just kicked the door down like she does
too
yeah rich is totally right you're
totally right oh thank you Jeana suave
fur for linking to the video so that's
the video all of his stuff is fantastic
he he has a real real sharp eye and like
I said he focuses mostly on editing
which is something I really enjoy and he
has a great way of articulating his
ideas and showing footage to point out
to uh to make his to make his point see
great channel great channel he one of
his one of his videos on Suicide Squad
and all the problems with Suicide Squad
went viral a little bit ago that's how I
found the Man of Steel one so
Oh does he have a Fight Club rich and I
were just talking about Fight Club I
didn't know folding ideas that a Fight
Club video now I gotta watch it I gotta
watch it out selling rich I think that
Fight Club was the first time that I
remember at least loving a movie but
hating the other people who loved the
movie it was it was it was so you know
fight clubs a great movie but the at
least the people you know that were
around me at the time I was totally my
fault yeah oh yeah you failed the people
who were around me when Fight Club came
out loved Tyler Durden and Project
Mayhem and they were just like this is
the greatest thing we should start our
own Fight Club and I was like well you
know the Tyler Durden is the bad guy of
Fight Club right and they're like what
the fuck you're talking about he's so
cool let's do a thing where we where we
have to you know prove our worthlessness
to and I was like no but that's the UM
is like Fight Club there's a whole bunch
of people who saw it and just didn't get
it and it was infuriating to me it's
still very good movie that wasn't very
good so the uh oh nice so Fight Club was
the first film I was pretentious about
kind of you know what kind of
the Firefly effects many of the fans
didn't get the irony of the Project
Mayhem brainwashing right the fact that
project where it mayhem had had menial
tasks and uniforms a lot like he had in
his office job it was great but you know
people didn't get it and that's a
question that that leg comes up a lot in
the artists community anyway so rich I'm
gonna pick your brain on this yeah whose
responsibility is it to make trivia
Dean's gets it is it the artists
responsibility or the audience's did you
get it huh did you get it yeah I got
then I was a movie for smarter people
Wow I don't wanna I don't want that a
lot of people misunderstood psycho I
agree booger but like I have I have like
traditional artist friends you know like
painting people who paint and make art
like that and this conversation will
come up a lot it was like you know what
responsibility do I have as an artist to
make sure that my message comes across
and usually I'll lean on the side of
it's the artists responsibility like if
you want to say something make sure that
you say the thing right so she can to
dumb down what you're saying so
everybody can get it that that's the
balance rich Evans that's the balance
that dreamer TK says bow roll right and
that's the thing where it's it is both
of their responsibilities well that
Dodgers not in time altameyer you are
absolutely correct Fincher doesn't care
if you get in Fight Club or not that is
very true hmm David Finn he Kazemi does
it yeah yeah he he doesn't care if you
get it or not
like I said if for me it was just one of
those realizations where's like oh god
people don't get it oh that's horrible
those are the same people that worship
the Heath Ledger Joker
you know those assholes right right oh
rich you do have healing items
apparently someone told me to tell you
but really if rich was getting good he
wouldn't need his healing items
yeah look this is fairly casual
playthrough while we're streaming and
talking Absalom not super worried about
picking all of the ass
agreed
humberto Cabbage Patch says I had never
seen Howard the Duck before so last week
I got really fucking drunk and watched
it Wow that's all it's it's so special
that Howard the Duck and I don't
completely hate it
they were trying they were trying for
something you know what it's been a long
enough time where I kind of want to see
it again I think God what's-his-face
he's a disgusting human being who I
believe is in prison for doing something
or other with a minor but Jeffrey
villain in that guy from beetlejuice
then beetlejuice yeah the principal from
Ferris Bueller's well from Ferris
Bueller yeah he did do something clean
he did something creepy but he's good
Howard the dark you know what he's a
fine actor but oh yeah I remember that
he did some creepy well Jeffrey Jones
there he had I think they caught of a
child pornography and oh is it yeah it's
been a legitimately long time since I've
seen how are the doctor but I mean I
think that one is we should make a list
of the movies that have been ruined by
child pornography all right that would
be extra depressing Ferris Bueller Star
Trek the motion picture oh yeah
oh yeah I need I need a solid Rika I
remember watching that when I was
younger and of course like every
warm-blooded heterosexual boy all I
cared about was tail eonni know Lea
Thompson Lea Thompson not tail I mean de
Leon it's great too but Lea Thompson was
in Howard the dog yeah yeah I got I got
my you know younger attractive ladies
mixed up T le unnie's fine choice too
but lay at Thompson
Ashley use that now Allah whatever I
should have used that now yeah I was
dumb yeah yeah oh shit yeah oh man Lea
Thompson that late that lady that lady
does stuff to me I like her last
Thompson is also the only reason why
jaws 3 is worth watching
oh man a dark wing schmuck I don't know
if I three that apparently that's what
that's what dark wing schmuck says about
it that's true new key hunter it's like
you know we can we can talk about just
things that have been ruined by that
stuff in general yep can't ever watch an
old episode of Cosby Show again
let's see here Sarah Chen says sorry for
God if I asked already but will you all
play the bonus story dungeon for Zelda
already got my cheap switch t-shirt for
link gonna start second playthrough soon
I'm at five hundred five hundred core
oak seeds oh there's no way I will ever
collect all the crooks we're just
talking about this how don't like
collectable things and games I don't
like at least the core ox do something
yeah I get it up to I'm comfortable with
the amount of weapons I'm having and I
am never I am never going to have them
all I don't that's just never something
I am going to bother whether or agree
I'm also not a big like find all the
baubles person I appreciate that they
put so many in that it's fairly pain
free to collect just as many as you need
yeah but there's no way I would get them
all you know what you know what i'm not
i'm not a find all the baubles person i
tell you what i am though open up all
the math person yeah if they have a fog
of war map i am not satisfied until that
in 100% open yeah Noma even if I don't
have to I love just knowing the entire
area I am I am probably going to wait
until the the final deal c4 that comes
out of the winter one whatever okay and
then I'll play it again okay okay that's
fair
cuz I know you did you finish your
second play for you
yeah that's I got all the shrines and
that one that's great that one I did all
of the things
all right so where's that kid where we
going where is that stupid kid can your
stupid kid Jack super metroid stream i
like super metroid didn't we play that
already once i don't know we did stream
that one no listen no but i'm not sure i
don't remember i just don't remember
super metroids a great game it's a fine
game alright let's see what we got here
sean underscore said I bought a 3ds and
the game just to find out who the real
criminal is oh I assume you're talking
about feint a Phoenix right but I have
been too busy to solve the case but
thankfully my billable hours are on the
honor system so I'm still making Bank is
it you know what it's a fine little
detective game those those Phoenix right
games fine I want a bit more logic
puzzle deducing things yeah agreed
some like sometimes the the answer the
solution you know not being not being
able to present the right solution at
the right time is a little frustrating
but she got rakesh aha much with a jack
did you ever like funda Boondock Saints
when Boondock Saints came out that was
the indie movie fucking everybody and
their brother loved Boondock Saints I
have never seen boondock saints.the
boondock saints when it came on them
like everyone saw that movie and loves
it and part of the reason why I stayed
away from it is generally the people who
were super into Boondock Saints
were super assholes another one of those
like fanbase versus the movie like
Boondock Saints a very popular movie so
I'm sure it's a fine movie but I could
not stand the fanbase but I'm not saying
it's bad I'm just saying I don't know I
never saw a lot of people a lot of
people oh is there there we go Boondock
Saints is awful Boondock Saints is
terrible love boondock saints.the
boondock saints is all rights nice we
got all three of them now we're good we
get we got all three but I I would I
would a no you know what I and I don't
care to ever see it I don't care to ever
see boondocks and so it's probably not
going to happen a lot of times I'll say
maybe I'll get around to it but I just
don't care anonymous says hey guys I
remember people being sick and tired of
world war ii shooters and then they
started making future shooters and
everyone one of the world war two back
yes
so here's Call of Duty World War two I
wonder how this will turn out in
November Jack can you move Rich's mic
out of his manly face I think it's like
they're I think that's what people want
it was set up for a commentary track Oh
what oh whoa whoa whoa watts and by the
way ironically that commentary track
Blue Duck sings name is not doing back
science
yep
no spoilers damn it I would that was
just a joke it was not boondock saints
but we were just talking about when i'm
saying so i thought it might be funny
okay let's see here rich says rewind
shock if you become famous doing voice
work after your minor role in a one-off
youtube cartoon what what is your
biggest caviar dream how fast will you
ditch these hack frauds around and hit
the weeaboo voice acting circuit um I
don't think I would ditch these guys
this is a these people have been my
friends for many years you wouldn't you
wouldn't you wouldn't say peace out
motherfucker just give a good deal I I
might I might occasionally say well no I
can't fucking film the meril I've got to
go into studio right to record some
things I have to you know I have my own
career now so MIT maybe you could work
around my schedule right right
Jack who do you think is savat are
Sabbat are an important question so this
season on the flash the evil speedster
cuz every season needs to have an evil
speedster
it's Savitt are who claims to be the god
of speed okay but he's clearly not it's
clearly just a person in a suit of armor
but we don't know who that person is and
I'll tell you who that person is it's
Wally West I think I think okay it's a
fake out it is a god of speed huh maybe
it's a fake out and there's got a speed
well that we know that was the fake out
when he was first introduced we all
thought he was the god of speed but then
they found out that he was just a dude
in it okay I think it's Wally West they
keep become because the big the big
thing that's happened is the flash
accidentally ran into the future
again again well no last time he
accidentally ran to the past this time
he accidentally ran to the future and he
saw Savitt our kill his beloved iris
West oh yeah super Oh
and and so they've been training extra
hard so he can get fast enough to save
her and he's just not fast enough but
what he discovered was that Wally West
who is now Kid Flash is fast enough and
so they've been pushing him really hard
to get faster and faster and train him
more and he's he's a little egotistical
and he's a little resentful and he's
he's got those like evil seeds about him
so what I'm guessing is they push him
too far and he turns into seven
oh my
I like the flash and I think it's a fine
show I think it's a quality show and so
I have no idea what the fuck I'm talking
about the flash the CW's the flash TV
show so I right now that's what my guess
is it's it's wall-e it Wally West has
never been a really important character
it would have some emotional depth and
so that's that's at least what my guess
is so the key to stopping savat I would
be then to stop training well unless it
would be but they'd you know they don't
know that yet they're still trying to
train Wally West
so he gets fast enough to save items so
are they gonna kill Barry Allen at some
point in the CW flash oh dude no god no
no no they will never he's bear that
that actor is their bread and butter
he's his charisma is what's holding this
show that's and not the greatest show in
the world together he's a very fun
character they are banking off of the
charm of their actors and it's working
and no bad news and chews I did not see
last night's episode I'm um I'm working
on an edit right now and so I don't have
a ton of TV time unfortunately so I'm
like a Ananas to you like a man into it
I mean so far I can buy a tattoo Jack it
looks good it looks good so far I'm like
in the fights but then again first stars
but now that was our exact problem
Bayonetta is just like it has such a
wonderful build and then eventually that
build stopped so that doesn't health and
pain I really I really don't like most
of the boss fights that game that's a
good chunk of the game the big boss
chapters are dedicated just to boss
fights that are just and they're just
bad bras vice and QuickTime events yeah
agreed agreed and edit on our LM edit
yeah I'm editing the next previously
recorded which I'm hoping will be out by
this weekend if I can get my ass in line
so we'll see look
so our fates and our paths cross is that
him I want to say the voice is different
but I thought that about bayonetta at
first alright looks like him oh yeah and
he got those glasses right from from
little cerveza ooh yeah that's him
oh yeah okay Kesha is this great
chemistry I forget what his real name is
Luca Luca that's what it is he's
fantastic yeah so I'm this one they're
gonna fall in love and do the thing and
that's gonna be the kid from the future
I like it well bad news and chews I'm
not going to read the Wikipedia article
on hoose avatar is because because I
know nothing about the flash these kind
of things can be a surprise to me so I'm
not going to read up on who these
characters are that does sound like a
different voice actor that sounds very
different Yuri Lowenthal I believe for
the first one Yuri Lowenthal he's done
voice work in other games bunch of
thanks back it's an easy trade to get
him to make
for me and don't get it twisted
bayonetta stalking you this time at
least
I know you've got nothing but secrets
well that goes for any woman right
what so am i spelling around that's
still URI he doesn't sound much Shiva
did you have to realize we're listening
this because we're talking and we're
streaming we don't want to pick on the
mics our volume on the TV is down pretty
low yeah for some reason my my phone's
not working can someone uh did you do
your spoiler homework check I don't know
I don't I don't like I said I don't want
to look into who sabotages someone tell
me in the chat if that's the same actor
if Bayonetta is seven feet tall in
Cheshire is 8 feet tall
yeah maybe he's wearing like platform
shoes because he feels insecure I love
it by the way definitely I really I ever
I hope he is someone look imma look up
the IMDB of Bayonetta the real gates of
Hell listen oh they're saying it's the
same guy yeah really look uh yeah yeah
alright let's see here gobbledygook says
little tip to shout out to all my side
chicks out there who may or may not be
watching this on the down-low
when this prereq is replayed on the
re-up fo shizzle my nizzle - rizal - fo
sheezy man easy I'm glad I didn't have
to read that that's gobbledygook s' the
traveler speaks yes I do need eggs I'm
gonna stop oh no I can't stop and get
eggs I wrote my bike oh darn it did a
voice sure he was Prince of Persia okay
so he's done other things too I can't
think what they are offhand but guys
been around for a while sure sure
I can only assume how that's how it
works with basically any voice actor
yeah like yeah you know once you start
doing games like oh yeah that guy you
those voices he's Mike alright let's see
here only child says hey guys have you
seen max Landis's video of his pitch to
DC for a reboot of the death of Superman
it would have been a great retelling of
the story I really wish he would have
written it I have not seen that up to
I've seen a couple of Max's videos I
think I've told this story like when
when Max when they first said that max
landis was coming to to be on an episode
I my first thought was oh that guy who
makes the fun videos I just thought they
were inviting another youtuber to be on
best of the worst I had no idea he was a
screenwriter and then once I figured out
he was a screenwriter I had no idea he
was John Landis's kid that's how that's
how little I knew of max I was like oh
great you're getting that fun youtuber
to come be on the show wait he's a he
works in the industry wait John Landis
is his dad so and I still have not seen
any of his movies I have not seen a max
landis movie oh you stuff a bitch
I haven't seen any of his movies and you
know what this weekend I tried to watch
Dirk Gently yeah I had some free time I
was gonna watch Dirk Gently and I
couldn't find anybody to stream it and I
have BBC America and I don't like it's
not on their app or anything it's really
frustrating and I didn't want to pay for
it like I'm not gonna pay I'm not gonna
pay extra money like you can buy it on
iTunes but I don't know pay money so
yeah I've heard good things about
Chronicle never got around to seeing it
I haven't seen the one with the lady
trifles good articles really good I've
heard good things about chronica I just
haven't seen any of his movies but
American hustle that was there no that
was an American hustle it was uh just
run it in a way that's great
Jack I don't want to spoil anything but
if you watch Dirk Gently make sure you
get some red string and a lot of pen and
paper
oh well no that's that should be good
like it should be a good mystery a good
little detective story and you know with
with weirdo sci-fi elements as it's a
Douglas Adams property but it was just
one of those things where it's like I
like I finally had a chance to watch
something of Max's yeah and it's very
likely I will talk to him again in real
life at some point and I want to finally
be like hey I finally saw one of your
things you would say I hated it well I
know you know what I could I could be um
you know what I didn't really didn't
like that uh-huh turned out but but you
know what what's going to end up
happening is I'm sure like next time
here comes our other day I say I haven't
seen any shit max I'm sorry I think
you're an all right guy
thanks for coming around but I just
haven't seen any shit all right now ROM
says rich yeah do you think a full
playthrough of vanquish will be possible
in one stream possible yes like a
celebration after all those years
campaign is about seven hours long as
long as ready no death run of an on
stream once or twice well the only the
only caveat was kicking my ass
oh yeah the only caveat would be if like
if we are going to do that we would need
to also record all of the gameplay
footage to use in an episode if we sure
sure so we'd have to figure out how to
well we could just do it full screen
fuck it
oh you want well the sound though right
we couldn't have our sound I know you
figure that out you figure it out you
figure that out and then we'll do it
we'll do a special vanquish day welcome
to vanquish day well if we do it you
probably wanna play the game yourself
but you want to watch me play through
the whole fucking thing first that's a
good point it's a good point rich yeah
I'll just bring my computer and play it
off camera
okay we'll figure it out max might not
want you to see some of this shit thanks
to the horrible studio interference
fantastic for anyone max didn't have
anything to do with Fantastic Four oh
yeah he wasn't involved that at all I
was there was a guy a directed Chronicle
but I heard director Chronicle and end
up to do with Max and the scripts had
nothing to do with Max and rumor has it
that that movie was garbage before
studio interference there there is there
is a how come I can't dodge these you
touched one egg I like rumor rumor is
that people who have seen enormous out
of that movie oh oh my god that took a
ton of your help getting behind these
guys not smart not yep Josh Trank that's
that's who directed that movie oh and
that really was a mess did you see that
for its fan for stick why would I hate
so it's you know why it's baffling it is
bizarre
it is a dark weird creature movie where
you don't like anybody in it they don't
really do anything it's weird it's a
Nizar movie like I would almost
recommend people watch Suicide Squad
because of how bad they fuck it up it's
an exercise rich like just to watch it
and say what studio development a lot
like that people who know I've talked to
people who know and they say the the
original edit of fans for stick is
unintelligible that it is only halfway
like a cohesive movie because of studio
in
interference so I know there was a ton
of drama on set
apparently max I don't know if that
that's the story I should carry so
nevermind let's see here where we go oh
here we go gobbledygook says the
location of metropolis versus Gotham is
irrelevant to the general audience that
the Nolan's file it's silly when they're
literally right next to each other
agree but uh for the stories they are
trying to tell within the format of the
blockbuster it's fine and it's distract
if it did distracted me it was so silly
they were right next to each other as a
the right next to each other
that's distracting even even in the
sense of a general audience and a
blockbuster movie that that's uh what do
they call logical dissonance like there
was that point of the movie go wait why
are the cities right next to each other
why are these two giant cities right
next to each other did it does not make
sense also just in the real world you
don't see two giant metropolis is right
next to each other even New Jersey is
not a giant City to be fair yeah what is
that Rob the Twin Cities was that st.
Paul nah yeah no those you can if you go
up on a tall building in Minneapolis
yeah you can bear you can see a tall
building in the far distance they are
not across a river from each other okay
okay even though like they are a short
drive away they're not they're not
ridiculously close to each other like a
Gotham and metropolis
that was like I said that's that's the
transporter that is that is lazy
screenwriters need quick transportation
which is the only reason that these they
have a man who can fly across the world
in a second
yes but Batman can't they need to get
Batman to Metropolis quickly how else do
you do that if you're a lazy
screenwriter how do you do that right
you write it so that he doesn't have to
go across the earth right to get to the
next plot in the story exactly you the
answer is you write it differently
let's see

[Part II]
let's see here Bongo Doug says Jack yeah
you are a wonderful father that works
tirelessly for his family and our
genuine entertainment all the while
working hard in your own business thank
you so much Jack riches okay too I guess
welcome I do what I can
oh yeah Megan I'm making different and
good stuff for you
yes chat Batman has Jets coming out of
his ass that's true that's what I'm
saying is it's lazy screenwriting
it's lazy screenwriting and a director
who doesn't care
Oh Bayonetta and her spanking it's
fantastic Jedi would never torture my
kids on YouTube I've been i-i've been
kind of paying attention to that that
that YouTube family they they they make
prank videos but it's to parents and
they prank their kid every prank video
on YouTube is fake no no they're
pranking their kids and their kids are
like crying in them
and they they like they they've been
getting in a lot of heat a lot of heat
because I got eggs good I'm far I'm very
skeptical of a lot of YouTube prank
videos absolutely like any any sort of
like hidden cam man on the street yeah
yeah 100% faked but this is this is like
like parents tricking their children and
like I said I've only been kind of
paying attention to it and it from from
the outside it looks awful how hundred
one wacky kid joke there yep but that
wasn't pranking them
I jumped the pranks are traumatic shit
and emotional abuse that's what it looks
like that's definitely what it looks
like let's see here
sorry gents is part one of two zelda
caffeine excited again that's art what
do you think the new story will be my
friend thinks it'll be a flashback
10,000 years ago other friends think
it's a new region of map that will be
added i would hope a new region the map
but we'll see yeah if they want to be
lazy though yeah they can just end it
how long was how long was link sleeping
for 100 years 100 years so I won't be
10,000 years gonna be a flashback to a
hundred years ago this might guess well
then they might be assuming we're gonna
get the origin of some of the machines
oh I'm just thinking like what Oh a
giant frog I'm thinking what would what
would be easiest to put into the map and
you just say up it's a hundred years ago
this is a link night trial it's a user
he's becoming the night Hyrule this is a
night trial hundred we got it they gotta
add in a dungeon yeah but something just
come out of the ground of course that
can come under ground anyway I'm not a
hard person sure what they're gonna do
that's right I'm not I'm not too worried
about it we'll find out when it comes
out mm-hmm let's see here also what the
others say - I can't wait for Chase or
for case four yes Phoenix Wright case
four it's a great story industry don't
burn yourselves out though well it's
like we we know like their heat like the
other issue is there are people that
really like the voice streams and there
are also people that really hate the
voice stream are those I there there's
there's dissenters and so we do try to
to pace ourselves with those
defeat all enemies using a single combo
Oh No
I don't have anywhere near enough oh I
don't have to do one big combo I just
have to keep hitting this is encouraging
me to spam them
wait looks if you got hit so you into
become yeah yeah people keep it
alright alright
the dissenters are objectively right I
like the voice dreams is what I'd say I
were like them but I also read and
moderate the comments like I there are
people who don't like the voice frames
but I'm not going to listen to them
because I like the voice dreams but also
it's like for rich and I doing the
voices it's tough so we would paste them
out usually let's see here Anonymous's I
have a suggestion for a game
unfortunately it's along the lines of
frog fractions how can I get you to play
it without spoiling I don't understand
what to do here you just need to keep
hitting them and not get hit and not
into your combo or just give up or just
give up
either email or email us at a at a
prereq at red letter media with the
title of the of the game or Twitter it
at us at previously rec so kill them all
with one company but the combos as I
know what are short things were
relatively short things yyy xx YY X you
know yeah well but those are the combos
but there's your like combo meter which
just keeps track of how many times it
like how many times you can
consecutively hit something okay so you
have to keep that going that kind of
combo alright alright like accidentally
quit out entirely
oh whoa you can combo forever right all
right and when I think of combo I think
I'm like the hair weave like this this
is get you a hair weave right finisher
that's what I think of when you say
combo when this people are saying to use
the guns to excel got a combo so like if
you you know hit hit hit and then hold
down the gun to shoot at them then go
back to hit hit hit yep let's see here
gobbledygook says hey saw on another
stream that twitch has an option now for
different sub levels yes that is true
for 99 999 and $24.99 a month as a sub
and each tier allows new emotes and
rewards heard of this and any plans I
have heard of this I haven't looked into
it too much what is this for people who
subscribe to us yeah you know right now
it's kind of a flat five dollars right
five dollars a month and then you get
you know the use of the emo to get the
little pizza roll next your name twitch
has recently announced that they are
going to start with sub tiers
you got the $5 tier you got the $10 tier
and you have the $25
and then it's up to us as a channel to
determine what you get at those tier
levels I haven't looked into it too
deeply and I will be quite honest with
you as I don't know what we would offer
people but we will see we will see you
hack frauds got a stream every night if
you want my $25 right I don't really
want to do that and that's the thing
where it's like yeah we we stream twice
a week I'm kind of comfortable with the
whole $5 well yeah yeah so that's why I
haven't really looked into it that much
yep there's new tears of subbing twitch
is really pushing hard this whole
streamers get a cut of game sales
initiative where you can opt in and if
your game is available to purchase your
viewers can click a little button and go
to a store to buy the game and then us
and streamers get a little cut of it and
so I get emails all the time from twitch
be like hey this game right here is
available for your fans to purchase
maybe you want to play this game look
I'm looking at like tradition I'm my
personal definition of combo that I have
in my head yeah it's like your fighting
game kind of chi-x why to be here's the
uppercut that that's what I think of
sorry I'm sorry there's two different
kinds of combos rich and that's fine you
were thinking of a right combo but
let's see here Anonymous's United States
Canada Mexico Panama Haiti Jamaica Peru
Republic Dominican Cuba Carribean
Greenland El Salvador to Puerto Rico
Columbia Venezuela Honduras and Ghana
they just said that all these things huh
they just said all those things that
I've had their two ducks the buck to two
bucks they wanted to dog-sit
they paid two ducks to have me list
these countries animate oh is that the
Animaniacs country song United States
Canada Mexico Panama Haiti Jamaica Peru
Jamaica Peru Republic Dominica Cuba
Carribean Greenland El Salvador - for to
eat go Colombia Venezuela Honduras and
oh yeah I remember that
okay I get it I remember that okay
anonymous says you can continue your
combos while dodging while holding your
attack buttons while dodging it's
explained in a collectible in the first
game annoying because it can be
game-changing so you can hold your
attack button while dodging
interesting
there you go keep hitting people hip
can't let that timer run out
oh god sing there you go you hit him he
hit him
keep firing keep firing
nice rich nice yep
all right candy for crows hey Jack I
watched the Willy Wonka drummer video
fuck yes
what is this the I will have to we have
to remember for you to watch this later
it's someone who does a drum cover of a
scene from Willy Wonka okay so he does
drums to how people speak it's it's the
the scene at the end where Charlie and
Willy's and Charlie and Grandpa are in
Willie's office and he like does drums
to the dialogue of Willy Wonka and it is
a new art form as far as I'm concerned
it's amazing he also does one for It's
Always Sunny in Philadelphia yeah and it
is amazing it's like it feels like it
feels like a new form of jazz it's great
I think as an editor you love the 1001
movies before you die video by Jonathan
Cole on YouTube highly recommend ok 1001
movies before you die I will remember to
look that up thank you I'm not doing so
great though oh you got this bow hey now
you know the whole hold down the hold
down attack while dodging trick
maybe that'll help you can a streamer
block a viewer from seeing what they
stream I don't think so I think we can
block we can block people from chatting
definitely I don't think we can block
you from seeing what the streams yeah
streams are the YouTube videos are both
both there's no way to stop you it was
one guy shit I got sick of I just want
him gone
one person oh it's like both in the
comments here in the chat and in the
comment section like we can we can mute
someone and ban them where it's like we
just never see anything they say for the
rest of history mmm that's possible the
question is can we stop someone from
watching the stream and the answer is no
because like
like even if we could stop a signed-in
like if you sign into church count we
can stop then then you can just sign out
and still watch the stream because it's
a public stream so no yeah well but we
can ban people from chatting we can ban
people from the comments but yeah we
can't ban people from watching as we as
this is a public thing don't believe
we've banned many people no oh no I
think you know I think like when we
started there was like an initial wave
but no we don't really you know and of
course now we have our mods and so like
our Maz didn't get to deal with it ah
thank you Thank You moderators finally
we appreciate all the hard work you do
tell us more about the asshole in the
YouTube comments sometimes you guys
sometimes I don't get it but hey we're
not here to harsh on our commenters
little one she just called him little
one
uh yeah let's see here urban crisis is
rich yes do you have any tips for me on
XCOM - I'm having a rough time on
Ironman mode is it normal to have over
half of your soldiers injured at any
given time yes it is XCOM 2 is a bitch
that way what is it what's a quick tip
with a quick XCOM 2 tip rich get good
yeah III on the top of my hand and yeah
um well I'm in the middle of bayoneting
I don't I don't know that I can I can
just pull something out of my butt
that's like magical advice that's what
that's what they're looking for I can't
do that I've come to just reach up into
the butt pull it out it's just harder
than XCOM 1 which isn't one is the
reboot yeah yeah I I can't help you
nobody can help you nobody nobody can
else comes a heart those are tough games
tough games it pray to the rng gods
absolutely that's all you can do
sometimes
all right so what are we how are we
attacking here I don't know I don't know
overwatch more I've I've been playing a
little overwatch since the the new
events as some of those skins are really
cool but unfortunately I have not had a
ton of free time for overwatch play I
did play a little bit I use a game that
I was looking forward to him called the
signal from Torv oh that sounds familiar
oh I suggested it to you as yeah episode
1 I wasn't taking it you were digging it
and after playing for a couple hours I'm
no longer digging it it's it's it has
this really interesting present of
premise and I really like robots and
that's what this is is you're a robot
and you get to you get a little gun that
helps you control other robots and you
just have to go explore this area in its
first-person shooter and it seemed like
it was going to be interesting and it's
just really boring and I think that's
one of the selling points of the game is
like oh it's atmosphere and you know
figure out the mystery and it's not
really about shooting robots as oh I
just wanted to shoot robots so the
signal from Torv arrives I found I found
to be quite quite boring so
no the event you know what I want tour
bjørn's tour borne yarns beardless
events and I love that one and Mercy's
mercies a classic overwatch outfit is
fantastic I love her outfit so I really
want to cure Beorn's beard lifts skin
and I want Mercy's classic outfit kind
of not dig in this particular fight oh
one of these we've had fights like this
in the personal tour veau signal from
Torv oh the signal from Torbjorn
oh you just got like that's a neat skin
Mikey no he's a little bearded dwarf
character and in this one is like he
doesn't have a beard it's meat for which
it's a skin in overwatch ow
and it's a special skin that you can
only get during this event oh my god
on rich cares so much about overwatch
and I know that about him
signal from turbo gets nothing
oh maybe I'm saying it wrong hold on
dude I will check the signal oh good
baby this battle will stop sucking I've
got giant fucking wings now oh oh I'm
very sorry it's the signal from Tova tol
VA the signal from Tova I misspoke
is dwarf a politically correct term yes
using it derogatory way it's a technical
term I was going to say yeah it's just a
technical term yeah
Wharf dwarfism is the condition I think
midget is the word that that people
don't like you to use anymore you know
or is it supposed to be little person
and I've always found little person to
be incredibly demeaning it's like a
person but little like and I guess that
is like that also makes sense but I
can't keep on I can't keep up and does
it matter no it does not matter
I think people would take offense to
munchkin yeah munchkin is probably
offensive they call the doughnuts munch
munch khun's at Dunkin Donuts and they
stop calling them that lycra doughnut
holes yeah oh those are cute that's cute
and they're still called munchkins I
don't know it has been a while since
I've been to Dunkin Donuts
it might matter if you note and that's
you know what that's the thing about
anything politically correct is nothing
really matters unless your friend tells
you not to say it so if you have a
friend who is a dwarf or a little person
or whatever then ask them you know how
you would how they would prefer to be
called and they'll probably just say
Jeff coming Jeff if your dwarf friend's
name is Jeff because if their name is
Jerry that's not they just prefer to
call Jeff I will see their that's why -
why just listen to the people around you
shit people are saying the the tiny
doughnuts I still felt munchkins yes
okay that's important that's important
to know important to know we're going to
leave off
vos drea 15 says I've got the easiest
game oh no I'm sorry
Australia says hey guys just want to let
you know that I appreciate you guys
doing these streams I have been
suffering under some pretty hard anxiety
attacks and the streams both live and
saved help me cope hey thanks for
watching we're happy we can help in any
way it could be worse right is that is
that what you get out of it they way
they want Justin go Oh at least I'm not
these assholes I got that going for me
I'm not a hopeless schmuck ah I'm
terrible this I like this better than
the surfing portion right
okay anonymous says I've got the easiest
game of fuck marry kill don't want to
get into that siren Animus what's your
favorite Lord of the Ring movie and
favorite aspect of each of the movies
that's a question we yeah they're just
they go here do this I don't like those
movies that much yeah yeah now we're
going over here now we're going over
there now with Fayed Mitch yeah I like
it you know what I'm a sucker for the
first one for Fellowship of the Rings
beginning you know meet all the
characters you start your epic journey
you got your giant fire monster what is
his the Balrog or whatever his name was
there's a lot of great spectacles yeah I
mean in all of them but I like I like
the first one best you know you know
what I like about the first one is the
whole Boromir turn I liked his bed
Jeffery uh or Sean
the actor who dies and everything he's
in Sean Bean Sean Bean is Boromir night
I think so I mean and I like all of my
like all free movies but I think I think
fellowship gets it for me followed by
number two then number three gets a
little bat shit Sean Bean thank you yes
Sean Bean those movies are all just a
lot of shit happening huh those movies
are all just a lot of shit happening
yes it's an epic adventure there should
be a lot of shit happening the plot
structure is fight the elves fight the
eggs blood spiders shoot the fish you
love them up we go they're going on an
adventure I'm so I'm so it's just a lot
of shit happens I oh I'm sorry that
pretty much actual an adventure in the
action-adventure movie rich I just you
know I just didn't like all the fantasy
you don't none of those giant fucking
birds and fly to the mountain I just
didn't I just thought it was like it was
you know they were like elves and
hobbits and magical set up
fucking internet connection there are
magical creatures and I just thought
this is not a very realistic movie
that's true the Zaius bayonetta is a lot
of shit happening yes but it's a video
game and I'm fine with it
I'm sure there was a very specific
reason they couldn't use the birds
I'm sure yes I'm sure Sauron had
anti-aircraft missiles that was a
deleted scene rich if you watch the
extended version you would have seen him
setting up his anti-aircraft missiles
that were only disabled at the end
that's why the Third's could come and
say proto um Jack rich says anonymous
shit
all right anonymous um
metal admit tap kick stay yellow Turkey
file productive laborer plane handsomely
noiseless edition dear plastic Mail zip
agreeable frightened I did the PayPal's
you said the thing actually liked that
one the randomness is random I guess I
got I just got mad no no I just I
enjoyed that that was that was enjoyable
nonsense so I appreciate that
anonymous I'm trying I'm trying to
articulate my Lord of the Rings thing
better oh sorry good now I'm trying to I
don't just doesn't do it for me man and
I'll tell you like usually I'm not big
on fantasy set in that in that realm you
know like with elves and dwarves and
hobbits is and you know all that fantasy
dragon II shit usually I'm not into that
but Lord of the Rings is like the the
exception
but I could see someone just not being
into it because it's that kind of
fantasy you know knights and Dragons
it's not like I've never liked that kind
of fantasy it just was just dry oh I was
a noob I mean I'm in doing I'm stealing
now we got to fight a bunch of orcs now
I got a kill but I don't get it I don't
get a jack they're doing a grand big
they're doing a big thing they're
reading the world of evil rich a lot of
fighting when you rid the world of evil
are you back off right when I activate
the stupid thing let's see here a a jet
a a jelly 96 is good evening half two
here in UK Oh half two here in UK
decided to tip you only God knows why
guess I should ask a question have you
guys streamed the latest hit man yet
think it'd be a good choice for the
stream you know I've only played one of
the hitman games ever yeah
have you played any hitman talked about
this before the original okay I think
I've only played a little bit of the
original trying I'm trying not to die oh
sure no you keep dying
uh we'd be down I'm okay with playing a
hitman game I got nothing against the
hitman game no I don't either I played
the first one the only one I played okay
and I played it with a computer that
wasn't quite up to the task
oh sure sure and it would take some of
the fucking levels I swear to God like
half an hour to fucking load you know
and if you would die and fail ha ha ha
it would not to reload the entire
fucking level again and it was just
fucking unplayable of course unless I
had all day to play for 15 minutes
that's some incentive though not to die
oh yeah oh yeah you took your fucking
time yeah yeah but I would like just
shit what wrong should happen and I'd
say I'll fucking turn it off yeah they
couldn't do it I was liking what I saw
hmm but
loyd beat says Jack little nightmares
comes out tomorrow
nice little nightmares again was that
the the like hide from the horrible
things game little nightmares that
sounds really familiar hold on little my
oh yes little nightmares looks like a
weird little game maybe will stream that
one us up I don't know it reminds me a
little bit of something like like inside
where it looks like it's mostly kind of
like platforming puzzle solving but it
looks is like it's set in a really
creepy world yeah so I'm interested in
little nightmares that comes out
tomorrow that's great
oh and it's the new game from the inside
limbo limbo people oh well fuck then
actually that makes me not want to play
it a little bit yeah
captain jerk says this fight is a little
bloated yeah you get some of these
fights in the first Bayonetta two words
like the the boss has 20 health bars
that you need to get down
yeah rich is doing some great dodges
here though say that way fuck up one
well that should have been one
fucking die hahahaha
alright you did it you did it rich
what did you do uh almost a Basic
Instinct Oh the classic got to keep it
racy but not too racy that's her whole
stick of course of course that's her
whole stick let's see here Mike chase
gaming says thoughts on this odd hyper
consumerism sounding surrounding nerd
culture this is something very different
from selling Star Wars dolls says Mike
chase gaming like get specific what do
you mean what is it you don't like what
is it that you can't ignore well and if
I'll tell I'll try to keep an eye out
for your name in the chat Mike chase
gaming I believe he's just talking about
like I would just like everything is for
sale now yeah and I get I guess I just
don't think it is very different than
selling Star Wars dolls you know like
it's kind of the same fucking deal
there's just more of them now right you
know like what are we looking for that's
that's offensive that's bothersome huh
with the nerd culture right that's the
thing where it's like if you don't want
to buy it don't buy it
right I've just I just want something
more specific to answer and I'm looking
for him I'm looking for Mike chase
gaming in the chat right now like do I
think nerd boxes are stupid yes but I
just don't buy them right like loot
crate dumbest thing in the world always
has been agreed
I just don't buy it right it just
doesn't pop and then it doesn't bother
me right and you know like things like
nerd items nerdy t-shirts Funko dolls
they are selling to the audience that is
available and right now there are a ton
of people who are into nerdy things who
have disposable incomes so these just
you sell what people buy I think these
things like the Funko pops I don't even
get because they're just ugly right they
are the ugliest fucking thing scissor
awful awful so overpriced I don't get it
I honestly don't get it I'm with you
rich and are they stupid yeah so
anything you can do about it no just
just don't don't buy them yeah you make
fun of them make fun of my a lot don't
blame the sellers blame the buyers I'm
with you poop dick that's that's exactly
it if nobody would buy them they would
stop selling them but hey you make you
make you money where you can man shout
I'm sorry I scared your mom
I'm sorry scared here ma I shouted
fucking die okay oh okay I don't know if
their mom thought there was like an
intruder in the house oh yeah what kind
of movie are you watching my voice
fucking carries Jack always has always
will rich do you want you out of this no
no I don't I need a break
no problem you know what we might have
to call it soon because I think it's
gonna start raining oh really yes this
is cloudy now
yeah rains gonna start in a little bit
did you take it by ear fuck yeah I biked
you you need a ride home well if it
rains a lot I might if it's just a
little rain I can make it alright
alright alright fun oh yeah when I get
through the through the tips and then
we'll see how we're feeling alright I
just did the very least I just need a
break oh sure
oh let's see what we got some intense
action action
zack of the axes says dungeons and
dragons with rich Evans why do I need to
fight all these orcs as they burn down
the tavern he's sitting in that would be
a game and I could probably deal with
that Lord of the Rings they fighting the
or because the orcs have been like you
know harassing local village and the
villagers need help so you know they
just we got to get to this area and
there are to this area will fight the
orcs yeah they're on a journey like
they're not they're not it's a dull
fucking journey they're not legless it's
wait it goes on for way too fucking long
you know what they don't have cars they
gotta walk it still takes a while let's
see here anonymous says if you were
forced to spend 48 hours with a famous
male actor who would it be
that's the core there cuz there's
alright alright myself so I can have a
fucking just a calm night chill out you
wouldn't want to just touch chat with
someone like do what say what hmm
no I thought yeah you're in them Depp
movie yeah that's kind of that's good
for you man yeah yeah where I guess
where are you spending this 48 hours I'm
not I'm not a social butterfly right
yeah
it all depends on where like if you're
trapped in a room with nothing to do and
you just have to stare at them or talk
to them for 48 hours try to find someone
interesting what like I'm found Star
Trek The Next Generation yeah fuck am I
gonna say to Patrick Stewart I like that
show you around yeah but you know what
you're trapped in it you're trapped in a
place with for 48 hours or at least
Patrick Stewart would have some stories
to tell you right what what makes you
think he wants to talk to me they're
saying you're trapped he's like all of a
sudden like you you you okay you're in
an elevator and you just happen to be in
an elevator with Sir Patrick Stewart and
the power goes out he was he was at a TV
show I love 20 years ago you know I
respect that I leave them the fuck alone
no but they're saying you have to be
trapped with someone like whoa boom like
you're trapped in an elevator at least
it should be someone you can talk to and
if you're trapped in an elevator with
Sir Patrick Stewart it's really possible
he's gonna have some nice weed on him
and so then that'll pass the time well
nuts look just do me any good
something's gotta pass the time right
you guys I'm gonna that just means I'm
gonna have to deal with some fucking
secondhand smoke yeah but I don't want
to deal with highest fuck Patrick
Stewart that's what you gotta deal with
but like I said at least you could tell
you some nice stories and that'll pass
the time well get high he'll tell you
some stories and you'll have a good
laugh rich rich has the inability to
play along no he has the ability to give
you an honest answer
don't you want to meet so-and-so oh not
really if I'm gonna be trapped in a box
with someone for 48 hours I would I
would want it to be someone I could
either hold a conversation with her have
some fun with yeah so he knows all I'm
saying so you know like that like that
Will Ferrell he said he's a quality dude
I could chat with him for two days okay
boom why is rich such a huge square you
guys were just called rich cool like an
hour ago where did that go you went from
you went from the radical dude to square
as because you don't want to get high
with Sir Patrick Stewart yeah hung out
with Patrick Stewart we're trapped in an
elevator
he couldn't get away from me it's really
awkward because I don't know him at all
and and so and so I spent 48 hours
getting to know another human being and
having a really great conversation how
could they try to talk to him a few
times there's just like a lot of really
awkward silence it's cool sure he was he
a gentleman rich he is a knight he is
knighted he would be a gentleman to you
I'm anonymous rich yep Jack so people
would compare The Hobbit trilogy
similarly to the Star Wars prequels in
quality so we're gonna go back well
answer this first and we'll go back
would you agree or is that just a little
dramatic thank you for the internet
level
The Hobbit being as bad as the Star Wars
prequels in comparing no I buy even for
one I didn't love the Lord of the Rings
movie I haven't seen any of the Hobbit
films because I don't give a fuck okay
so I can't compare them and I certainly
wouldn't compare the Lord of the Rings
films to the prequels no no it would be
the Lord of the Rings films would be the
original trilogy okay and then the
Hobbit I have not seen any of the Hobbit
films do they come out with the last one
ah yes I don't watch me not know you
know why cuz I know I mean and the
Hobbit movies aren't good but they're
nowhere near as bad as the prequel yeah
like it's just you know the ala Hobbit
movies are bloated a bloated experience
instead of terrible movies so I'm sorry
you were gonna go back to Sir Patrick
Stewart does it have to be an actor well
neil degrasse tyson he counts you would
count you know the reason okay it says
famous male actor and neil degrasse
tyson acts in cosmos okay accounts hang
out tell me about some science shit yeah
you know what I want I asked Neil
deGrasse Tyson what what the fuck is
going on in the middle of Jupiter they
say it's a gas giant yeah we seen
asteroids hit they see there's got to be
something in the center of the fucking
Jupiter what science have to say about
that
that's what I want yeah like you on the
TV show no no Neil we're trapped in this
elevator
let's talk science
that's what you want all right that's
fair that's fair mr. deGrasse Tyson is
there any vain hope of getting faster
than light travels or any loophole or
even close to approaching there you go
rich demands answers yes the movies have
Betty right well that's like like I said
The Hobbit movies aren't awful pieces of
shit they're just bloated like they took
the Hobbit is a relatively small book
and they blew it out to three movies
yeah so it's just a bloated experience I
feel like I know hovering around
somewhere is like the cut that's closer
to the book they took all three movies
cut out all the garbage and made
something that's closer to the books so
the book rich doesn't like airplanes but
wants faster than light travel look I
don't want to get on an airplane but I
could appreciate the benefit to society
of having airplanes also if rich did
want to travel to say California he
would get on an airplane and not a car I
would lobby for the color
really I hate airplanes can I get it
like an Amtrak that's gonna take days
you could get to LA in hours but you
would rather have days
I hate airplanes Wow
that's shocking rich that's just one of
those like it's that it's so beneficial
to everyone including yourself
I think Amtrak an Amtrak would probably
take longer than driving actually yeah
so for me 48 hours with somebody it's
gonna be like a Neil deGrasse Tyson or
uh or a Bill Nighy sure before any actor
Bill Nighy counts he's an act yeah I'm
fine
he counts
he's the Science Guy he counts idea what
I hate her cut hair I hate it I don't
hate it
look at them I hate it it looks really
nice
no I don't like it it looks really nice
and pleasant modern attractive haircut
I'm gonna walk around without hair I
would say that's some nice hair it's not
as fun or is interesting for the
fictional character Bayonetta as the
Beehive was her beehive added to the
personality whether her dangly seventies
outfit yeah or bell yeah yeah yeah I
just don't yeah I don't like this
haircut as much it's not as fun a
haircut or an outfit yeah agreed
I'm with you I'm sure it's I'm sure it's
an unlockable costume in this oh I'm
gonna say I am I did not look this
information up but I am 98% sure you
know Bill Nye just uh he just got a his
Netflix show just came out yeah yeah
he's got a Netflix show : yeah I got a
neck fo sho how's it going I don't spill
my no don't my Netflix show I haven't
seen it yet
but cuz I haven't been able to watch
anything but I know his Netflix show
just came out pretty excited pretty
excited oh and you know what Jack
trigger choices just said Bill Nyes
Netflix show is pure garbage well I
don't I haven't seen it what why is
should Netflix show pure garbage what is
his Netflix show I'm sure it's a science
II Joe wyden it's a science show because
he's the Science Guy
let's see here where did we know he is
not a scientist but he is a science
advocate and he does know a lot about
science even though he's an engineer
he's an engineer but he knows a lot
about science well as an engineer you'd
probably have to and does it isn't he
also like like a higher up at like the
skeptic Association or something I don't
I don't know that he has a rank no
there's no he does have a route spoken
yeah I want to say he does have a rank
in like the National skeptic Society or
so probably a lot of skeptic societies
sure Engineers counted scientists
absolutely but more importantly he's
just he's the science guy does science
stuff James Randi might be interesting
to talk to
you can be and then you can be a science
enthusiast without being a scientist
nice I'm jealous of these men they have
no concept of the shit storm raging in
the outside world over build over Bill
Nye
what did what's good obvious he's he's
hard-nosed about a climate change denial
as I hear you're an idiot you don't pay
attention to the science he's group
agree it's similar against like
creationism yep no I'm fine with this
yeah but he backs up all of his stances
with facts it was like hey like here's
all of the research that these people
have done and that's why I know that's
why I can conclude similarly these
people know here's here's here's all of
our what our rate shirt says is how much
evidence we have hers there's how much
backup you have in your position they
don't deserve equal time is the kind of
thing that Bill Nye would say fine with
that he's not nice to assholes and
assholes don't like it pretty much right
rich it's got nothing to do it well but
asking you for the last 15 minutes what
does it have to do with what did Bill
Nye do wrong what is the shitstorm to
have something to do with sjw's rant is
Joe yep by the way it does ah I don't
give a shit I'm seeing what people are
saying right now and that's that's what
it is we don't give a shit
Bill Nye is great I'm seeing what what
people's problem with Bill Nye I am I am
so sick of hearing about that crap yeah
oh god bill my apparently rich yeah he
did something terrible
what'd he do he talked about gender okay
yeah and people are pissed what do you
say about gender that it's a spectrum
okay is there some kind of scientific
study that backs this up yes okay what's
the problem there's less the fucking
problem people now call him an sjw and
don't worry that's the that's the
problem
okay anything else
I'm sure I'm sure there's other stuff
yeah
all right well that's it that's good I'm
moving on here
there's a famous male actor we did that
The Hobbit trilogy
hey rich yeah you know who's the best
you know who we love who we love
Stephanie wouldn't you agree
who's Stephanie Stephanie we love her
wouldn't you agree
no because I don't know who you're
talking about Stephanie I'm talking
about Stephanie she's great
I need context here Jack what is going
on just saying
that's it I'm just saying Stephanie Jack
can you please elaborate on why you
think Return of the King gets batch of
there's just a lot there's a lot in
Return of the King it's one of my
favorite and three just because fury
road level just because of fury road
level of desert fighting awesomeness and
emotional highs it is no but I mean it's
there's a lot and you know once you get
to the third movie we start kind of
reintroducing aragorn's political side
of it and like we meet the these you
know other kings and we're in these
other castles and you got the giant
battles with the elephants and it's so
like to me I don't mean batshit as a
negative it just it's a lot there's a
lot to deal with and I just honestly
don't care I'm invested in Lord of the
Rings because of Frodo's Journey to the
ring item I never really cared about
Eragon yeah many gifts to the thing and
he doesn't do anything it's it's an
accident that saves the day it's more
than that it's good one more than that
the ring has powers and the only fun so
you have the oily fans uh so like you
know I didn't necessarily care about
arrogant aragorn's
political backstory but I'm not saying
it's a bad move it's it's great it's a
good movie I just if I had to rank the
three and that's how I would do it I
would do it in order
now rich kind of answered your question
about his biggest caviar dream if he
were to become a famous voice actor and
his answer to that was he would he would
spend less time here that's his biggest
Fabio dream I believe that's what you
said right I want a house let me have
yard I want to be a homeowner that's
a--that's a fine dream rich it's a fine
dream we're going to start we're going
to start a renting rich out for
voiceover work so contact us here don't
don't use contact at red letter media
they'll never get you a prereq at red
letter media I wanna I want to not have
to worry about the day that people lose
interest in red letter media there's no
money here anymore okay
and I don't have to worry about not
having a roof over my head I just want
to net that my caviar dream and be our
dream is as simple as having a nest egg
that's that's and that's really it
that's a good caviar dream rich that's a
very practical caviar dream so get get
rich in your cartoon prereq at red
letter media it's happening happening
Michael Cote CA says hey Jack and rich
anymore plans for old Sierra LucasArts
game or even Phoenix right soon you fuck
you presume we'd plan this up like in
advance yeah we'll probably do them
again yeah Julie no I still want to do
more space quests definitely yes later
the first one and well I mean but before
that we have to finish at least this
case of Phoenix right so yes we will do
more
her hair beasts have grown more
elaborate that's true Rich's entire goal
in life is to be left the fuck alone and
you can more easily be left alone if you
own your own home it is rich could you
talk about the voice work you did for
too loud uh I don't I don't know that I
can I don't know that I have much to say
anyways was it we I know it was weird we
smallish role it's a very small role and
like I was recording it so I was like
monitoring your levels and helping
direct you yeah I was helping coach you
and I know you were a little
uncomfortable with it I think everything
when it comes to and when it comes to
acting you know even even voice acting I
think everything I do is terrible okay I
just do everything I've ever done in red
letter media where I was acting I think
it's terrible it was it was a strange
process that the person who's making the
cartoon wasn't able to like listen in
live on the recording session because
you know there's a California right over
there
and so like we kind of found a suitable
voice for what we thought the character
would be together and I was kind of
helping you coach and we went over with
him a little bit your voice and he
seemed to be all cool with it so it was
a weird process just because you're not
talking with the person with the vision
you know
shit what was that yes Clem I can hear
you I can see you stop saying we what do
you mean stop saying we
I what I was like what Oh
during your voice acting section he was
just there I was there so I say we he's
behind the camera or the microphone the
microphone I was behind the microphone
in this case is that Phil Lamarr
was I wasn't really listening
hmm all right the Zaius says news that
Adam warlock will make his debut in
guardians of the galaxy three makes my
makes me feel my theory that vision will
actually become warlock an infinity war
won't come to pass just a random thought
I don't know who yeah I didn't who's
Adam warlock he's a character I don't
have time to explain detail he battles
his rival or you know antagonist okay
please I don't I don't really want to
call him the protagonist of the Infinity
Gauntlet story but he was firmly in
opposition of Thanos trying to try to
get him to not have the Infinity
Gauntlet okay okay he's triggered
they've traditionally been enemies sure
and as he is he on the same power level
of Thanos ish or is he like wow you know
Costanza Thanos starts reading those
reaching those like God level powers is
hard my friend it's not just about fan o
stenoses his main ability isn't brute
force its strategic okay and Adam
warlock opposes him in in that matter
with strategic oh yeah
what strategic okay it's like Jess it's
like chess jack I didn't I didn't I
didn't think they were gonna bring Adam
warlock into it all in at all I thought
the vision was just going to take his
place
oh sure some of the chances they thought
the vision was going to become Adam
warlock
I just flat out thought they're just
gonna use the vision to do the things
that Adam warlock would normally do okay
cuz Adam warlocks got the the soul gem
on his forehead usually traditionally oh
and in age of Ultron they they gave out
of my vision the mind gem sure so I
thought okay they're gonna they're gonna
have vision be the Adam warlock but I
guess not have we seen the soul gem yet
which ones have we seen we've seen space
we've seen power every scene space we've
seen ya space was uh that was the The
Avengers the tesseract right dev a space
that space that open the portal to yes
to the other yeah power space-time and
what was it in the Thor the dark world
ooh maybe that was soul I don't know
what was that and I'm not sure
so I'm saying all but soul all right so
we have not seen so we're gonna get out
of warlock but the soul gem okay hmm
Nosa knows these movies have no soul Oh
someone some people are saying that it's
going to be in Ragnarok so that would
make yes yes if that's where we meet
this warlock character you guys are just
saying words now we are just saying
words now things like tesseract Ragnarok
our fans know what this shit is I know
but if you string enough of them
together yes it does sound like
gibberish no one remembers anything from
for Thor to that is very true that is
very very true as there ever been a good
comic book movie that isn't Marvel or DC
Rock tear the rocket familiar with a
right angle that's a fine a comic book
movie
what was the Tom Hanks movie Road to
Perdition okay that's a fine movie now
we're talking about just based on a
comic book or like superhero that's the
question right spawn was not good chat
spawn was not good Sin City Sin City
there you go yeah
so yes there has dread yeah yeah
dreads a fine movie some of the Turtles
you know turtles are giffy the
watchman's not good sorry know if you're
knowing B I don't like it
you Scott Pilgrim vs. the world that's a
fine movie you ever see that Scott
Pilgrim vs. the world it's a fine oh
wait no no I have not seen that oh okay
that is a fine movie debt and you know
that's even like that's not super hero
that's indie comic stuff so they made a
great movie out of them some
motherfuckers always trying to ice skate
uphill blade blade and blade - yeah good
movies darkman not based off of a comic
though
no but superhero s it's firmly in the
genre of superhero yes that's a
superhero movie but not based off the
comic
okay did we establish that head to be
based off a comic or just I thought that
was a comic book movie cuz it is the
superheroes I thought that was the kind
of a question but I don't know
you know like hell the Hellboy movies
kind of ride this spectrum for me of
like good and not good you know where
they're not great and some of the action
is really awkward and sloppy but the
imagination and Ron Perlman of course
make it work kind of so the hell both of
the Hellboy movies waiver they waiver
back and forth on the good/bad spectrum
chat saying men in black I think
technically that might be Marvel wasn't
that their edge imprint or one of their
one of their I don't know their adult II
kind of brands
I was like before max they had edges I
think I think is that where men and
black came from I mean it's possible I
have no idea I'm possibly entirely wrong
about that
Oh blade is Marvel so that doesn't count
yeah blade is definitely more sorry I'm
sorry you're right so is Howard the dark
you don't like Guillermo del Toro I
can't help you then I can't help you if
you don't like Guillermo del Toro yeah
you know he doesn't always Oh John's kid
then this is the hair right ooh maybe
there's that other one in the blue
that's probably her kid interesting
what was the gamble the horror movie
with the hand eye creature Oh hands
lemon Pan's lab oh where it's like like
Hellboy rides that spectrum Blade - I
just think is great but it's a little
schlocky yeah Pacific Rim I could see
someone not liking it I was okay because
it was schlocky but Pan's Labyrinth is
brilliant so I guess what you know what
if you say you don't like Guillermo del
Toro I'm gonna be okay with that
yeah but give Pan's Labyrinth to try if
you have not seen it Pan's Labyrinth is
a is serious stuff
no I've never seen his crowing the
Kronos
mine your loom insane didn't we go
through this already
oh now oh now you fight
Neuer intro for the background the wave
my way but I see your chat hold on
reality blue says last time I'll try to
get your attention so I'm not spamming I
have an idea for the sidebar use the
purple grid from your newer intro for
the background ooh
that's not a bad idea I thought I was
dead
that's Spacey Mountain grid oh you're
very close to being dead oh I will I'm
not gonna win yeah I stopped doing
anything this I thought I was actually
dead dead I got you yeah Pan's Labyrinth
is something on a whole nother level
like that's that's that's it's guillermo
del toro telling a small personal story
with a lot of budgetary restraints where
he just makes his creepy effects lasts
and labyrinth is wonderful
her creatures are battling each other in
the background Jack what that's awesome
that's great rich that's great
oh now reality blue I appreciate this
suggestion thank you thank you
exactly Jack Pan's Labyrinth is on
another level it is it's Pan's Labyrinth
is amazing storytelling it's and it's
that it's that classic like visual
storytelling it's very fairy tale a
square
you know this these horrors that the
little girl sees are representations of
her feelings odds great it's great
monsters as metaphor filmmaking yes both
rich and I did finish Bayonetta one yeah
you'll hear all about it soon hopefully
this weekend hopefully this weekend the
Incredibles The Incredibles is a great
superhero movie
- been out of Dodge oh that's right he
did mimic - yeah mimics not a very good
movie I mean I could see Pan's Labyrinth
I could see the argument for Pan's
Labyrinth being overrated as you hear me
gushing about it but like I said
monsters as metaphor that's what it's
all about so it's visual ton of visual
storytelling and then like his other
good movies are arguably schlock like
Pacific Rim is silly Blade 2 is silly
but they're awesome if you like each
lock Oh
all right good that's all I got to do
rich get to the next level
ah wow so pretty good actually
okay I was not in jeopardy whoo now keys
answer what's what's the illicit
Maleficent yes that's very Maleficent
well oh do you get to control the giant
monster oh no this is badass fight thing
you got a kaiju battle in the background
rich I know right that's great
Pacific Rim was just a passion project
because he likes dumb mechs yeah no he
does he does but like I said it's it's
silly and it's action schlock and if
you're into that it's good it's you know
it's good at what it does
but I'm understandable I'm saying I'm
going to be sympathetic you know at
first someone said Guillermo del Toro
they didn't like them and I was I was
ready to be like wow you're wrong and
this is why you're wrong but what I'm
saying is I'm sympathetic to your point
of view because he's made some bad
movies mimic with oh god what was that
actresses name in
I was one with a bug monster I was on
with the bug monsters and there was that
that actress who was in it who for like
a year was in every moving was going to
be like the next super Hollywood starlet
and then disappeared Oh what was her
name not not Sarah Michelle Gellar
someone's gonna tell me
oh that Oh beefcake nice Mira Sorvino
beefcake with the excellent fraud bots
update Mira Sorvino does not do much
anymore was everywhere for a while just
god damn everywhere
close the vini is a different one who is
right on the precipice there all right
this is this is a good boss battle Jam
I'm glad I'm happy that you're happy
rich
hmmm let's see here
Annie Gamora says I like big butts and I
cannot lie you other brothers can't deny
that when a girl walks in with an itty
bitty waist
alright now I'm controlling nice see
that's what you needed that's exactly
stick a move right
stick and move
high n I'm so sorry I said that so when
a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist
and a round thing in your face you get
sprung you want to pull up tough that
was an eager more
Rock'em Sock'em kaijus that look like a
fun battle that was very fun stone yeah
I'm so I mean you died rich I won you
might get a brown we're gonna die die
one no but you got no you mean in
general stone and lucky missed side
missions yeah I remember doing the Power
Stone stream Jax that he likes butts
better I think I talk about that every
time this comes up I like I do like big
butts and I cannot deny other other
brothers or I cannot lie but other
brothers can't deny or might be able to
deny but I cannot deny
there should be a cold lump award no
that's what the stone is ah that's what
the stone is yeah Wow
okay rich needs some stretching ah la
face with an Oakland booty that's that's
you know that's a fine
that's a fine choice what Oh rich rich
had something to say about them he's
gonna come back huh it looked like you
had something to say about that okay uh
dis dat seven I'm just gonna have to
disagree you know people and you know
what I'm not saying that that you're
wrong in the things that you enjoy about
a lady but you know the things that you
enjoy about lighting the things that I
enjoyed about it Olay do we have
different things different tastes and
that's fair that's fair uh you know it's
whatever you're into that's all right
whatever you're into I just wish luc
besson wouldn't make any movies where
the hero is flirting with the teenage
guys that luc besson is doing now
I'm not doing the stand-up timer much
anymore mostly because now that it's
getting nicer weather out I ride my bike
here and that that is my exercise I'm
also wearing my biking shorts and so I
don't necessarily want to stand up now
to show you my biking shorts so very
very high cut you're gonna see a little
too much a little too much white meat as
they call it and you don't want to see
that so
so I try not to do it you know what I am
doing my stretching I'm like stretching
my legs right now eggs I know I know
that's gonna be tough because I can't
get eggs cuz I rode my bike here and
it's like I'm not like I have my
backpack but I'm not gonna swing by the
grocery store put eggs in my backpack
and then bike home because that's going
to boom this eggs everywhere it's a
disaster
being self-employed how do you find time
to work out when it snows a lot of
indoor workouts I still I still walk
everyday even when it's snowing out I'd
go for a walk every day that's so
important even if it's just around the
block go for a walk every day get out
and you know you just you do with a
little workout - Ken you know do some
push-ups I haven't been working out much
lately concentrating on cutting at the
moment just cut
but so I'm just not gonna have eggs
tomorrow which is a shame I'll have to
think of a different breakfast million
dollar idea an egg carrier for bicycles
but how would that work that that would
be a complex mechanism it'd be like it
has to be like one of those camera
gimble's that keeps your eggs you know
that keeps your eggs from from shaking
and I don't I don't know how you would
even do that how many miles do I though
I mean if it's really snowing out I'll
just go around the block once but like
on an average day like I go for a walk
every day I just it's that's really
important because I sit at a desk the
rest of the day so tell us more about
your bike I know my bike is great I just
got a new bike before I got my new bike
I actually had a folding bike for
occasions just like this where what if I
Chi I ride my bike to the studio and
then it rained and I need to get a ride
back home so I got a folding bike uh it
like collapses on itself and folds into
something that you could fit into a
trunk but the only problem was the tires
were very small to make sure that it was
compact and that that made pedaling a
little more difficult and that made
every bump you hit you felt so I
actually just got a new bike that is not
closing nice so what's up just talking
about the bike yeah talking about
talking about walking every day rich I
go for a walk every day that's not
important to me Oh even even on days
when it is snowing terribly I will at
least walk around the block
because I just sit all day you know and
I'm on the computer all F&A; do I like my
new bike I do it's got much bigger wheel
so the folding bike had 20-inch wheels
which like I said you hit a bump with a
with a bike that has those tiny wheels
you're gonna feel that fucking bump so
my new bike is 26 inch wheels and is a
lot larger it has more speeds old by
katta7 speeds new one has 21 speeds
and I really enjoy my new bike so which
is good because I like a bike like you
know I live close ish to the studio like
I live close enough where I would feel
bad on a nice day driving you know you
escort low key his name is Loki yes his
name is Loki yeah but you know I got my
I got my light got my on my front light
I got my my rear flash of light got my
sweet-ass helmet a bike shouldn't the
glasses slip off underwater she should
also brought drown yeah I mean a lot of
things happen in this kit she's magic
she is literally a witch she the glasses
can do whatever she tells them to do
it's if you know what I'm gonna equate
it to equated to Indiana Jones hat how
many times she has had a fuckin flown
off never to be seen again
besides the one joke time yeah oh of
course oh no with all the running he
does there's joke like twice right is
that the whip that he reaches back for
and I thought that was the hat and maybe
then tumble doom was the head
wait look better than done it a couple
they didn't also did it in Last Crusade
the release had spent twice oh sure like
a callback and yeah there's been one
reaching under a door forgot if that was
an early part of Raiders or if that was
in like the bug section of Temple of
Doom he reaches back to the head oh yeah
oh no and doesn't he do it in Raiders in
in that opening sequence listen um it
could be the whip he's gone flat for but
and then in Temple it was leaving the
bug room yeah he reaches back for the
hand then Last Crusade it blows up
during that insane tank fight this time
it just happens to blow back by him as
he's getting up after everything is
settled down that's great oh they're
saying in Raiders he reaches back for
the whip okay hmm
the bug section you know the bug room
the room where he has to read you should
know what I'm talking about where I
shouldn't need to explain that where
what's her name has to reach through the
barrel no way Marian was um Willie Scott
Willie Scott has to reach through the
the bug area to pull the handle because
he's about to get impaled on Shrike
let's see here huff hearted says hey
guys Jack as a parent I appreciate your
honesty on an earlier stream about your
picky eater accepting defeat is the key
to good parenting parenting or maybe not
I'm no expert
is it like accepting defeat yeah that's
one way to look at it that's one way to
look at it's just you know choosing your
battles how important is that thing to
you and like that's just not about being
a parent that's like in a relationship
like how important is this fight to me
right and so so yeah it's like you know
sometimes we're making meat some
vegetables sometimes we don't
oh they go I thought that was gonna be a
bullshit invisible wall
what I'm just reading just reading the
tick it's weird the tick I'm reading and
I'm bringing the the tick of the stream
the tick of the chat Temple of Doom is
scary crusade is boring no last Crusades
great that's it that was great what he's
got great he's got great play with his
father him and Sean Connery right on
screen and I think the tank fight is
probably my favorite stunt sequence in
all the films yep
yeah that's a great sequence that that
movie works me just because of the tank
fight he's that about the advices father
game you know use the Aadland in the air
he remembers that he grabs the rock that
that section is amazing no and you know
like the the figuring the figuring out
of the of the temple and all the puzzle
elements you know me like as fun uh and
and you know what when everyone assumed
that that would be the last Indiana
Jones movie it should have been
what a wonderful no I'm sorry I misspoke
because that was definitively the last
Indiana Jones movie oh sorry I misspoke
it was a great way to end the series
they quite literally rode off into the
sunset yeah with the super health potion
that was great yeah the boat chase scene
that the you know going going through
the old libraries the the underground
tombs is classic Indiana Jones the
lady's a Nazi wants the tank fight makes
it work me I think without that oh I
know this is great there's the action
scenes in that aren't as strong as half
the half of Raiders of the Lost Ark man
yeah okay everything in Raiders is just
fantastic
yeah just good old-fashioned fisticuffs
every every action said Pete though
percent piece though is just excited
Basha
yeah I know I'm with you I'm with you
yeah then some of the action bits and
glass Crusades a little more hit or miss
hmm you got the young Indiana Jones
stuff that's cute
it's cute you know oh yeah the boat
scene fines fine okay my chase was good
oh the bike chase was good but the tank
scene was amazing all right I mean
you're right that saves it saves Last
Crusade that and that Sean Connery oh
yeah he was great you agree now what do
I buy what should I buy what do you got
how much money yet I got one well you
don't got that much cash man you buy
these weapons you get some swords let's
get some swords
yeah get some swords great you know what
rich great oh Jesus Christ
well you people in the chat are going
nuts for what Indiana Jones and yeah
well let me know the dude is just saying
they're saying about LaVon wait you can
buy a beehive from him
that's what they were saying but don't
listen to them because they might be
lying so we're going back and checking
you so late it's still I'd buy it out
probably in the right run run in the
void rich run in the FIDE do you need
some sweet techno music playing during
that
the world-famous Rhoda they will mail a
beehive tear once like they will mail a
beehive to your house what are you even
talking about what could I do you fool
probably an accessories Ryan Mallett of
rewards
what is that Oh weird
it's a mallet maybe you can't buy it yet
Oh apparently I'm just misspoke and miss
speaking they don't know nothing about
no beehives okay Pizza train 11 says
okay I guess I care enough about your
answer to tip you for this bun do either
of you frauds have thoughts yay or nay
about the American Gods show personally
I can't wait but I've read the books
Neil Gaiman's American doll I'm not
enough familiar with it I've never read
the books but apparently the show is
fantastic I haven't seen it yet it is on
it's on Starz and I cancelled my Star
subscription but I'm going to get it
back again soon because they have some
other good stuff happened happening in
and I've heard great things about it
supposed to be a really good show I feel
like Harrison Ford actually got excited
for Star Wars but will he feel the same
for Indy I hate to break this team it
was the other way around
Harrison Ford hates Han Solo he's been
wanting him to die since return to the
Jedi yet he always says he would go back
to do another indie movie it's the other
fucking way around I'm sorry
yeah I know you like Star Wars but
Harrison Ford doesn't it's true that's
true
he says it's on multiple occasions and
if they make another Indiana Jones movie
it will be a giant disappointment a lot
like that fake Indiana Jones movie yeah
they shouldn't do another
that would be they've already taken a
giant step backwards in the Indiana
Jones universe another movie will be yet
another step backwards
alright so I need to do something to
this need to do something to it what it
what did your hint say I guess no all
right well hey first on first time I
went up to it the prompt was to say I
needed to do something to make this
activate oh then I walked up to it again
apparently that's what you needed to do
you have time powers because Harrison
Ford doesn't like working with George
Lucas now entirely possible Lucas is on
those Indiana Jones sets man he just
doesn't want to be directed by Lucas
whoo
he looks neat whoo you know what that's
all we need we need some help Rob us up
in here pain ern I think my friends and
I might have had a falling-out
George Lucas is the entire reasons part
forsook he is not involved I think
Spielberg once once a corrective measure
and yes Spielberg was still there man
Spielberg was still there for Indy for
so I don't know maybe Spielberg can't
say noted it told George button
oh if that's true bad news and shoes bad
news and shoes says that Harrison Ford
owns a piece of the rights to be Indiana
Jones character and that's why he likes
making the movie if that is true that
would make a lot of sense
we kicked them in the button
yes feel Berg has a pretty good track
record for films and I get you know is
everybody can everyone can have a couple
misses but there were some mistakes with
Crystal Skull there were some big
mistakes with Crystal Skull not the
least of which or that our main
character was an 80 year old invalid I
can't watch old-ass Harrison Ford and
swing through the jungle man yeah I
can't unless that's the joke is that an
elderly is doing action I can't be okay
with it
as a member of red letter media I am I
am okay with the elderly doing things
for my amusement right right but I don't
feel like he was funny he wasn't doing
yoga he wasn't learning how to use the
internet you know
all right I think we're gonna have to
leave it here rich yeah it's gonna it's
gonna start raining okay in about a half
an hour all right according to my
weather and it's gonna take us half an
hour to get through the frickin subs
well that's why I want us there okay
okay that's why I want to start now and
you just happen to beat a demon I think
that's fair so I I'm enjoying this more
than I like the first one
Oh so we interests there you go Jack so
then I could top track it down they've
smoothed down some of the rougher edges
then maybe maybe yeah interesting
we're just talking about it maybe he's
playing maybe we should talk about it if
you like it I'm already editing then the
thing follow up jack follow up follow up
I like that all right all right I can do
that all right great
start tipping so ritual Drive Jack to
get eggs I can get eggs tomorrow settle
down everyone hey let's take a moment
and thank all of the lovely people who
have subscribed to us during this stream
much like rune B who says yay we're
gonna swept away just do a few at a time
share five or ten or whatever okay a
space alien super cocaine for 12 months
in a row and space alien super cocaine
says happy Anniversary you glorious
motherfuckers you too are my very best
pretend internet friends thank you
anniversary oh I guess one year one year
he's been here for a year one alone we
started bass a long time ago uh Stu
pocalypse says let's hear it for
community friendship and vid games thank
you for the stream fidya games no video
games the games Oh vid gah games
red turbo Dangerfield goose history
Magnus PU for twenty seven fucking
months in a row a aged Lee 96 oh my god
emblematic pop says captain gichan the
shrimp Shack shooters shot veggies 6412
ever ins much a row that's that saying
you do captain Gaeta the ship's track
shooters that was the name of their
pretend band and that thing you do when
out did the movie ok I get it
veggie 64 says hey it's my 12 month
anniversary finally there was a single
convenient word to describe this period
of time great old 23 just this guy you
know for 28 fucking months and roses one
of these days I'm gonna figure out how
to stop paying for this right after I
canceled AOL ah jg from space chicken
mcpot eggs el guapo sweater nice brittle
23 go Mordecai peezy peezy but boom
double oh seven six four months of
manually clicking subscribe with twitch
prime literally the least I could do we
appreciate it even if it's literally the
least you can do is I heard the tip
notification so I will read the tip from
nonsense in a bag says gorilla
interrupted was hilarious and like the
accompanying doc made it all better
yes the doc makes that worth it right
not to make a movie oh that's that's
that's all worth it rich any extra
memories to share about gorilla
interrupted
not really it was the best of times it
was the worst of times yeah it's mostly
just the worst of times you guys want
you guys want some insider information
that I don't know if they shared here's
here's a little little known fact about
guerrilla interrupted is um they wanted
to remake the the cover for with the
four characters oh yeah yeah if you
remember for them for the DVD for the
DVD cover but they never took production
stills I think part of this isn't how
not to make a movie yeah they never took
production stick skill stills and so I
am actually two of the bodies on the
cover of the DVD the face Photoshop with
it with the face photoshopped in there
there's your extra story so I I'm uh I'm
Garrett you know I'm Garrett's body and
then also Mike could no longer fit into
his leather jacket so they had oh yeah
after jephta you have to do that
what you had to do that soul man Mike oh
man you know what he did
threw me under the goddamn bus with that
we love the worst I'm throwing him under
the bus for not being able to fit into
the leather jacket anymore you know you
know what he did what he stole that
jacket we stole it so let Jack basically
from what Jays friend oh yeah yeah
it stays friends jacket we use it for
the movie yeah and Mike like that as a
property just never gave back eventually
like a couple of years ago yeah he
finally ended up giving it back really
yep
oh that's great that person made that
jacket like with their hands and Mike
has kept it always yep did all these
years son of a bitch that's son of a
bitch now I definitely know I feel
double not bad for sheriff oh I feel
double not bad they wanted some insider
they got it I got it and then some and
then some all right let's see here oh no
where do we leave
Oh 12 months I left off like right at
the top or you know but it likes someone
subscribed and so like a collect PZ I
remember PZ I think that was the last
one I read the the double-oh-seven 100k
Oh yep
how about ragged scribe who has
subscribed to us for 21 fucking months
in a row spook show Zack of the axes
says today is my birthday I'm sitting
with my girlfriend watching to
Midwesterners play a three year old game
life going great to to Midwesterners
what apparently being Midwestern nurse
makes us less than flyover she'll know I
mean I could be watching two people in
LA play a three-year-old game Sam Bobby
I don't think it's wise living a part of
the country that could fall into the
ocean at any given moment right you
gotta be careful ma'am um just to check
out the subs they read it
oh yeah we're know we we usually keep up
beefcake but maybe maybe Sam B Tech says
get good brave cadet hero young for 18
months in a row F be a d light to she's
O or said she's o both okay grab nose
1313 loner Archon for 32 months in a row
fucking months in a row says still a
hack fry for so long nasty fun for 20
fucking months in a row nasty flat says
excited for Twin Peaks
I am snuke seven says jak 1 will rich
read more wacky jokes to your kids on
cam
well how much been played out good it
was good a bit yeah yeah
Santos krinkle Krunch a Michele 87 432
fucking months in a row 32 months feels
like 32 years machine gun funk for 12
months in a row glove uncle like the
band guar I like that Isis star killer
16:33 PSA's hey rich jack
I love the streams I have a question for
both of you
what's your favorite Martin Scorsese
movie I mean they're all pretty good
things like a godfather
where's that now that was Francis Ford
Coppola that's for Copa what do we got
with Scorsese they only got taxi driver
you got Raging Bull you got gangs in New
York Wall Street they got wolf of Wall
Street which I haven't seen I got this
new one he did with danger Garfield's
something was what's that one called
something looking forward to uh devil in
the White City oh that's like ooh casino
Goodfellas there's so many um that I'm
just gonna say all of them I like all of
it he makes good movies he make he does
he makes the best films waffle fool
where fooful says sily hey rich and Jack
silenced for what that was his new movie
silence oh I thought I'd miss like a
joke and I didn't get a reaction and I
three end of the bus cuz I had missed a
joke there's a lot of bus throwing here
another is I was worried I did it again
where fooful says hey rich and Jack
watching red letter media since 2011
love your work
keep it up we plan to clump Fandango
says hello this is Clem Fandango can you
hear me and this for more I'm just gonna
go mom do uh dear Tesla evil crash 9 for
12 months in her own
Shanno hard 1897 says yeah - Oh months
you did it you did it did it they did
two whole months barely barely were
talking I was just too far but you did
it man did it we'll get you one of them
shits one of them two months sober chits
thank you isn't that a thing I think so
oh yeah you got to make them feel good
about themselves they're want to they're
just gonna fall off the wagon sooner or
later I mean that's just how this shit
works it's like an opposite of a chit
there's no cure for what alcoholism is
no cure no that's true you're stuck with
it hey that's just to make you feel you
know so this it's a smoke screen you got
to fall - sooner or later you're gonna
fall on that Fargo wagon and you're
gonna make family miserable and it'll be
an endless cycle over copper law cycle
or recovery man there's no hope
