Aug 6, 2017
Dead Cells, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/169707999
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/169714808
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuEvwXM8cAk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhd43DCRUSc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/894318051679666176

[Part I]
nothing too much hello how's everyone
doing what's up Jack Jack could not
Megan her tonight Jack was accidentally
annihilated we're still trying to
fabricate a replacement what does it
make any wait what's a screen say here
we go
no the the center was it's a dead center
on that at the top the top window we're
getting no interview is currently
disabled preview of disabled is everyone
seeing me and that's bald I don't wear
glasses I'm not tall yes I'm a very poor
jack I see one now you know do they see
I didn't see it before
I'm gonna play a little bit more those
games I like this game actually liked
this game quite a bit I can't wait till
it's done
it makes me think of the song dead souls
does that have anything to do with the
song Dead Souls
I think they were hauling you they keep
calling you I would have following you I
would have to know what the song Dead
Souls was to answer that question no
wait I think it might originally have
been I get to a new Joey Division but
maybe but I think it was a Trent Reznor
song after that possibly just that I'll
lose some money but we're going to the
main menu here we're gonna start we're
gonna start from the top yeah Nine Inch
Nails covered it that's what I thought I
thought I remembered it be enjoy
division but so what's up what's new
what's going on with you is there
anything you want to talk about there's
anything chat wants to talk about
so everything you want to talk about I
don't know we went to the rent for
yesterday and that was kind of Awesome
yeah we got to see muni but no Brune and
the joust which was kind of fun and it's
kind of like it's a show like wrestling
except you know they're wearing armor
and then that's where you do the round
they're just pretending to well they're
stabbing each other's wooden shields of
Atlantis which makes me wonder how many
wooden shields I go through they seem to
have a pretty good pile of lances there
is nothing wrong with it man - Nora with
what he said get drunk and enjoy
costumes what's wrong with that I said
nothing I was I was the third wheel you
were not so I was so the third wheel
that was that was a ladies night out
that you should not have asked me to go
on was you you hanging out with Bethenny
with modeling modeling Mondas you
hanging out with mud all day like I want
to hang out look at a bunch of stores
and sold crystals well here's the thing
we could put these our wall and they're
shiny and they're pretty well here's the
thing it's it's mod mod tends to work
weekends so this was kind of like the
only weekend she could do the Ren Faire
and Friday night we went to a baseball
game out by my parents within the like
heated air conditioned box thing because
a friend of Mines dad's retirement group
does it and it's like like a corporate
box but we're talking about like
unaffiliated minor-league baseball so
very affordable but working went to the
baseball game Friday spent the night
over at my parents house and then
Saturday morning we drove back up to
Wisconsin to see the Ren Faire her to go
to the Ren Faire but no you weren't a
third wheel I mean I've been there more
than once with you been there more than
once with her I mean yes we like chops
more than you do admittedly but
it's a good time and it was their
steampunk weekend so a lot of people had
a cute little steampunky outfits there
were there were two little girls that I
thought had the best costumes and one of
them was she had like a big wind-up key
in her back and the other one had like a
fake like a wooden frame thing over her
head with strings coming down like she
was a marionette
it's adorable arrow keys no enable the
freaking d-pad to move not the arrow
keys Oh game well the game is not going
to let me use the fucking d-pad does at
home I'm not here I can't use it I still
haven't seen space cop and I need to see
that rich one of these things don't I've
I never think about it when I'm in a
time and place where I could watch it so
I'd probably rather watch it when he's
not home because I know that it's like
really awkward for him extremely you
have no idea how awkward that would be
for me but I like the like the trailer
the bit about Chinese people and horse
penis or whatever it was figured you
would hate that No
okay guess I could set myself a reminder
on my phone or tell my smart speaker to
remind me but I know what's wrong
no I'm not Rich's sister oh the richest
sister was on here one of them I've got
more than one horse people at Chinese
penis yeah that sounds about right
I was playing around with what's the
point around that for expat her for
something I was trying to get that that
thing like that
yeah that's just the camera yeah they
said your sister surprising like you for
someone who's a Mormon she's mellowed
out so much yeah in recent years she's
like a different human being
she used to be very uptight but no she's
just very friendly and easygoing I
haven't talked to her like I don't talk
to her that often so it's kind of been
shocking for me and she's nerdy in a
delightful way she used to be kind of
just awkward but you know she was a kid
I know she's awesome
I really do I liked playing the barbie
game with her I'm trying to figure out
why the fuck I stupid d-pad isn't
working
did I ever bring him to a tums festival
no but I like doing like you know like
you factory tours and things like that
and we did a couple of like the where
you can do the beer tasting and and see
the brewery and stuff we did a couple of
those tours up here because it's
Milwaukee and I don't know it's the
Thomas factory around here surprising
number of factories in there they're
referencing a video Karen does not watch
her stuff not that too much the
references are lost
Karin is innocent or naive or clueless
what have you we need to find out where
tums is manufactured no seriously why so
we could take you to the tums Factory
tums or what's the other one Rolaids
yeah well we'll never give me a break
it's not gonna happen so I should make
you talk about cheese fries we saw
somebody walking around with cheese
fries the fries at the Ren Faire and
then the whole time we couldn't find
them where they got them you know where
they got them so we had to stop at the
cheese castle by the way the Chiefs
castles got some pretty good cheese
curds especially the garlic ones you're
standing around so long and like you
know the crystals Spartan what now oh
I'm just standing outside with my like
this sitting down with ground Oh Maude
recently got a bigger place and she's
got a lot of windows and she wants shiny
stuff dang and I know I know she likes
she likes the shiny I probably should
have been asked to go along this trip
well it just made sense cuz you're on
your way there I mean I guess you could
have driven back home past there and
then driven back down there but I like
to having you there I know yes we had to
stop at the cheese castle I I love the
cheese castle I do rich makes fun of my
love of the cheese castle it's
all-consuming basically unless it's
super crowded in there I can't go by the
cheese castle and not go in the cheese
castle which has recently been upgraded
to be even cheesier and even cast layer
gzhel urine castle ear Wow seriously
then people don't know what the marsh
cheese castle is which I'm surprising my
number one cheese wait wait wait you
have to explain what the marsh cheese
castle is because you're confusing
Google my buddy who doesn't live near
the Wisconsin Illinois border okay it's
about ten miles north of the of this
eight line it was built in 1947 I'm
getting to it it's a store right now
yeah I don't know what they sold years
ago but but they say as of about 15
years ago they sold mostly like cheese's
a little bit of deli meat and a few
souvenirs and then they were gonna widen
the expressway and they they tore it
down and I'm sure they gave them some
money for their troubles and they built
something to look way more like a castle
and then last winter they started
upgrading it again because the place is
always Tolman it's kind of a tourist
right yeah it's a tourist trap
absolutely Wisconsin's known for cheese
we'll have this place called the cheese
castle right on the border but they have
a nice selection of cheese they've got
great deli sandwiches no I mean they
they got a lot of you know they get my
strawberry harbin habanero jelly fix
they just if you're going to somebody's
house or something you want to bring
something you know like cuz you're the
guest and you're popping by I mean
there's lots of shit like that
while scottson is the home of cheese
Tommy Bartlett and that's much else I
don't know you know I mean walk he's got
a lot going on in it but my favorite
kind of cheese my favorite kind of
cheesy cheese it's probably like dill
Havarti my favorite kind of thing that's
called cheese but isn't especially
cheesy is Jim's chocolate cheese which
is kind of like he's kind of like a
cheesecake version of fudge almost it's
very creamy and soft and not remotely
like cheese when you think of chocolate
cheese
Oh habanero jelly is really good yes
strawberry habanero or other habaneros
Muenster cheese I like monster cheese
let's just underrated what would you do
with habanero jelly the same kind of
things you do with non habanero jelly
it's it's really good on toast it's
jelly tends to be very sweet so it's a
combination of like sweet and spicy
which is pretty much canceled out by
butter and bread unless you put 8 tons
of it down there at the spice workout
they said the audio was there but really
low we're talking about the audio from
the game or the audio you gotta be more
specific
yeah DX Ritchie has a tip they want to
know rich if held by gunpoint which of
these corporate cash grabs would you
prefer to watch an MCU vs. DC EU
crossover or Fox's x-men vs. Avengers
film death is not an option sadly I
don't give a flying fuck about the x-men
so DC EU versus the Marvel Cinematic
Universe
I hate one of these things and I love
the other what's G ceu movies even
though it makes no sense so it's really
it should be called the DC see you so
it's the kid what are we talking about
like all the Marvel characters versus
all the DC users that just seems like a
giant crowded
what gunpoint alright okay I mean it
sounds like it sounds like the Lego
Marvel superheroes combined with the
Lego DC superheroes without the ability
to be any of them or any I don't know
there's no way you can put that many
characters in a plot unless they're just
going around having some big fight scene
where they all do their magic stuff like
the Civil War Howard stuff
so the haven't seen it this is what is
the whole gimmick is all the heroes are
good
at each other it has one scene and it's
so out of place with everything else
that happens in that movie but people
love it because it's that big spectacle
scene there's spider-man the spider but
I know spider-man I guess if it has an
audience and it makes that audience
happy good for them I'm not sure it
would have been a fine movie without it
watch it too much without the spectacle
honestly I didn't have to call it civil
war I'm gonna just put Captain America 3
something else
same plot and I want to work better
without those tracks you yes sir okay
I haven't even seen three done I saw two
what's Captain America's mom's name
probably something apple pie like I
don't know she doesn't get your Batman
vs Superman references Martha Jones have
you haven't even seen Batman vs Superman
have you I have not you want to maybe I
don't know I wasn't looking at the thing
that was trying to kill me rich and I
you have somewhat different tastes and
then and I mean there's overlap between
rich nice tastes don't get me wrong but
that's more in the Richie realm wish
what the fuck even happened the one you
were just talking about what do you said
I hated Batman vs Superman yeah and I
thought it was gonna be a clusterfuck
I'm not a close friend I know I hate
that version of Superman so I really
wasn't excited about it I saw it for
work is it one of the the weird fascist
Superman it's the word fascist Superman
yeah it just doesn't I haven't seen it
but it just doesn't sound good
I mean the whole idea of Superman is
he's like this big boy scout no he's
self-interested what movies do I like
they always ask this I mean my favorite
movies solely comedies yeah yeah Monty
Python and the Holy Grail an airplane a
binge-watched
it's not a movie but I've been watched
and with Annie this week and that was
pretty good it was an an of Green Gables
and I don't know they don't call it an
of Green Gables well there have been
several so I think they just want to
distinguish it in searches oh that's
weird
it's called an with an e that's weird
I didn't know that it's clearly and
obviously makes references to Green
Gables all over it is Anne of Green
Gables it does take some adaptation yeah
same story or they took I mean they
changed a few things but it's basically
the same story same premise you know
they wanted a boy orphan and they ended
up with a girl orphan and ended up
keeping her
it was dark it was kind of dark what hot
American summer don't know the worst
horror movie ever like worst in a bad
way yeah funny way on it I'm not
you guys are however way you want
there's been there have been one or two
that I've I've rented from video stores
and you know if they're really awful I
probably don't end up finishing them or
remembering their names there dude it's
the worst horror movie I've ever
actually bothered to finish Grand Mount
says I hold that for a DC Cinematic
Universe they should have started off
with Superman being established as a boy
scout Paragon and then Batman vs
Superman they could address the same
issue without being edged Lord and then
at the end of Batman vs Superman you
could have had Superman die and Justice
League could have been about the world
coping with Superman's death we didn't
interesting promise you save Superman's
death for down the road I don't know
isn't like comic books don't they just
resurrect people whenever they feel like
it that's something people have
complained about though because death is
completely meaningless and now this is a
this is a trend they have now
established for their movies to me I
mean I remember like 25 years you know
it was all the death of Superman okay
but anyway he was back I was a little
disappointed
after all that hoopla but depth in
comics yeah I'm listening
no you were just listen with somebody
else then you started talking no no you
do that don't you do that I'm all I'm
I'm all on the right here you kid we am
i interested the new Star Trek series
that comes out in a month or so yeah
Star Trek looks terrible I'd like to
check it out
the guy who did Family Guy is working on
a a Star Trek parody show that's not her
all affiliated with Star Trek but it's
it's clearly Star Trek nice which
reminds me of that ducktales movie that
looks like it was animated by the people
who do Family Guy or something doc tells
me the new no the new ducktales TV show
is coming out with a ridiculous Family
Guy style animation well the the the guy
who created family god but it's not
abated this is gonna be a live action Oh
weird he didn't he didn't cosmos he's
also a no geek altameyer you said Spock
just had to have a multi range
multiracial family with an adopted
blaster yes already like doubles is
already like a multi species person
though I mean yeah just just a different
well now he has a black sester that
nobody ever heard about before I guess
but I mean like it's way bigger deal to
be from two different planets than just
to be you know people's grandparents
came from a different continent it's
it's just it's a weird that we have
never heard of this person before
Burnham and it's tied to the original
series they didn't need TNG didn't need
this cactus Creek son they didn't need
that it was it was too smart for that
shit
TNG
I'm doing really good yeah I saw the
scooby-doo with a Family Guy style
animation and drove me nuts I thought
that was a mystery mystery Inc which was
the one that they did about I'm probably
bout 10 years ago now that even you
bench watched yeah yeah mystery and go
they anyway the one the one that came
before the Family Guy style animation
scooby-doo was kind of awesome in my
opinion
why why why is this not letting me use I
have only seen the first live-action
scooby-doo movie and it was cute I it
was very gratifying when scrappy-doo was
the villain because I think just about
everybody loves to hate scrappy
anonymous says rich if you were paid to
pick a superhero storyline slash
smash-up to be made into a movie and you
only had a couple of minutes to think of
something for 10 million dollars what
would what would you on a whole kick
there you have it
they want to know if the game is growing
on you
what do you mean growing on me I never
hated this no no they said having played
it where I forget his quote already
disappeared but oh shoot I said
something about the fact I love this
game when we streamed it the other night
oh wait I hate everything no no I love
this game
sorry you don't need everything you just
hate a lot of things yeah Dennis
scorpion yes it was I'm sort this thing
looks like the graphics look like they
they're from the Super Nintendo I said
trying to do these days yeah didn't
bother me like a man it's like games
that were out before I was born
animation further would you rather I was
would you rather this is some horrible
looking 3d I don't know would you prefer
this is some horrible looking 3d well
you already stated that it was horrible
looking what was horrible looking this
you said it would happy horrible looking
I mean I might not mind if it was good
looking 3d or it just had smooth edges
unless pixelation it's less true
pixelation that's going me I need like a
little flag I could hold up like my turn
to speak I'm rolling my eyes
oh can i tart no oh okay it's all yours
it's all yours
then not only are most NES games less
than 2 megabytes when ripped to a rom
file but Super Mario Brothers original I
remember downloading the ROM for that
and it was like 53 kilobytes and I was
like what knowledge accurate you say
that why there's an extremely anti
piracy under any circumstance whatsoever
to be fair at the time there was no
other way to get the game other than to
play it on the original hardware and I
wanted to play it portably
shit
oh yes I mean there's you know there's
on one hand there's you know
yes creators deserve to get paid for
their content and blah blah on the other
hand some of the stuff with some of
these corporations where it's like we're
gonna tell you if when and how you get
to play our stuff I mean I know it's
theirs but for goodness sakes
what if you want to play it you know I
wanted to play it on my DS login to the
server but you couldn't at the time you
didn't have that option like now you can
actually buy those games for your DS and
whatnot and they're not to much but at
the time they literally were not out for
the other systems a webkinz stream isn't
that like some kind of like set of
stuffed animals that you like scan their
tags and then you can unlock them on the
website or something that sounds
horrible it is horrible and yet I forget
which one it was but I thought one of
the stuffed animals was cute so I went
on like eBay and it's like you can get
them for nothing because the kids just
want their codes they literally don't
even want the stuffed animals okay the
there clarifying about you painting this
game they said rich I didn't say you
hated this game and I remember from the
last session that you felt frustrated
that there wasn't a clear goal for you
to work toward I was wondering if that
said the real Veon there's still not
it's incomplete it's early access
there's not an ending yet I get I
understand more that yeah you go there's
gonna be some yeah you know why you have
completely derailed me you've completely
derailed me oh the real Veon is gonna
beat me up
so but anyway yeah so there's more goals
now no the same articles it's just an
unfinished game it's early access oh
okay well you can't really get mad at a
game I think first was not fun not
expressed mild frustration the other
night it wasn't it wasn't horrible
criticism you went after me tough
titties okay
am i replacing Jack no one can replace
Jack also no I'm here I'm here
mostly when when Jack isn't here and I
don't have to work or something this
isn't what we wrote you bear to be alone
and I've been on the stream with Jack
and whatnot but if they're I'm not
really a big gamer so if they're like
doing a big gimme stream I feel like a
third wheel
oh all our big gamey streams
occasionally
climb that thing god I wish I could use
me who's the guy playing the guy playing
is rich whoa thank you are they saying
you can interrupt me whatever you like
and they don't mind
no but they probably will now cuz I
don't think they do think they like
watchin you get wound up what do I want
Karen Lisa stream 2070 thorns or big
thorn
Nana missus rich thinks the laughs every
decade Hollywood seeks new adaptable
sources to plunder with this decade
being comics what do you think will be
the next bagging bandwagon video games
anime porn oh I have no idea
there's dumb video games you did that a
lot in the 90s alright go ahead if I
know what the next big thing was I'd be
a millionaire I'd be doing it that's not
sure I wouldn't have that I wouldn't
have the fun to it what I say Care Bears
because they did Care Bears when we were
in the 80s and then they had like the
Care Bears revival in the 2000 so now
they can have a revival for the people
who got into Care Bears during the
revival it's also eighties cartoons
eighties cartoons for people who got
into 80's cartoons 20 years after the
fact okay who are now nostalgic for them
despite the fact that they weren't born
when they were out you think that's
gonna be as big as the comic book movies
no okay
last question what's gonna what's gonna
replace all these comic book movies they
need different comic book movies I want
to see a Squirrel Girl movie and I want
to see a Black Widow movie and I
definitely want to see a lumberjanes
movie
maybe a Gotham Academy movie Oh in a
bitch Planet movie a bitch Planet movie
with with some of the people from glow
what is bitch planet it's so I haven't
I've only read the early issues I have
not I am NOT up to date on it but it's
say a planet for women who are not
sufficiently subservient to go to prison
and then they they're going to have like
a have them in like death battles or
something really
yeah we watched the first like three
episodes of glow and it wasn't bad yeah
you don't seem super enthusiastic about
watching the rest though I just wasn't
in super enthusiastic about watching
anything it was like and then we went
and watched like actual glow and my god
is it terrible what are you respect but
it's not even good terrible mm-hmm it's
effective effectively an amateur
wrestling show yeah I enjoyed it when I
was a kid I like eight of anything
wrestling fair enough and I was a bit
young for the boobies to be the drop I
was like 85 okay you were barely weaned
off right hey rich Michael Cote CA
California probably says hey rich and
Karen as always thanks for the endless
trash I mean laughs since video games
were brought up have you guys thought of
having a a chai tea be half in the bag I
have that we're video game movies are
broken down no Mike and Jay don't give a
shit about video game movies or video
games that is specifically then if you
wouldn't get anything out of it it has
video game movie says have no meaning to
them video game movies have no meaning
to most people most of them I mean
they're generally terrible you see what
they did to full - I don't know loud
once that was a video game to rare in
the movie and Myka Jay be like I want
Princeton it was a video game I don't
know there was a video game that's what
Mike and Jays Persia they do you like
like they've even heard of the the game
I'll bet a good cheesy movie they're not
gamers she'd be like a good cheesy money
Python style comedy based on Dragon
Warrior I could get behind that you
could
other people good to do it it's not
gonna be Monty Python no but somebody
not me you're asking for a thing that
can never be do you think about video
games is like their most of them the
plot is pretty thin to begin with you
know it's like three sentences mostly
like the eighties ones and the nineties
ones well they they stop making games
now games are just movies so that's not
true anymore I mean like say you're
making a movie of and then they did I
believe of Super Mario Brothers I mean
if you just if you're trying to create
based off of what the what the first
game gives you I mean it's like okay so
there's some guy and his girlfriend's
been stolen and he keeps fighting his
way through castles and landscapes and
every time he finds out it's a mushroom
guy in drag pretending to be his
girlfriend The Last of Us is pretty
popular right I hear they're going to
make a game out of it
they're compliant for somebody's
comparing the Super Mario Brothers movie
to the the astronaut with the pills and
whatnot painting oh yeah yeah trying not
to see ghosts
movies are just books with pictures or a
challenge what about books with pictures
like picture books no less I say that I
don't know somebody's trying to quote to
put it as a quote of you Street Fighter
is so bad it's good how can you beat the
line for you the day bison graced our
village was the most important day of
your life but for me it was Tuesday it's
weird but it's a lose vaguely
interesting that's just a flat-out what
the fuck
hmm the backstory behind Tetris and
Rubik's Cube are great stories but the
actual game shouldn't be movies yeah
although you know Rubik's Cube the movie
might be at your stake or you can make a
movie obtain a movie about Tetris about
the legal battles about the designer did
he have any kind of interesting life
besides making touches you know
something like that could be interesting
I don't know yeah like a documentary is
there a really interesting story behind
it and nothing there's something
traumatic gotta make a movie but I know
they were illegal bad essentially a
documentary in there yeah wasn't kubera
which cube movie i don't know what cube
is not do you that's a horror movie with
people inside a rotating deathtrap thing
oh yeah probably not superficially
resembles a Rubik's Cube only the little
cubes or rooms you go in that have death
traps have you seen that the thing
somebody made where it's fake it's a
crab solving a rubik's cube but of
course it's fake but it looks real No
Cubert the movie I think they had I I
think
Cubert was one of these Saturday morning
cartoon soulless creatures okay
pac-man yeah so was Rubik's Cube there
was an 80s Rubik's Cube cartoon did it
have eyes yes
did it talk yes what did it say I don't
remember what it said nothing was my
best problem just got a space alien
well the eighties gave us electric
dreams and that was pretty silly where
the the guys robot they're the guys
computer fell in love with his
girlfriend and then it was in his car
stereo or something they both are the
same oh you're welcome for introducing
you to lumberjanes lumberjanes is great
fun
so speaking of scooby-doo is the
scooby-doo team-up where they take
scooby-doo this could be do game and
various entities from the DC Universe
and make them interact lumber Jill's
maybe Jack and Jill
is that a fart sound yes sirs
is that from your game or SEP from from
well it's the the sub noise now I'm good
anyway I should change back to what the
fuck that was so wild should just fix
the volume on that they'll do a new
version of it I think you should record
yourself trying to make that hearing you
repeatedly say what the fuck just to get
it right try to get it right but can't
believe me half the fun Karen you mean
get it right I mail that every time oh
yeah what the fuck No what do we know
like what the fuck what the fuck there
that's a little better
oh wow I've never been criticized before
like that what the fuck I don't know I
don't know what to make of this I'm not
afraid to criticize not afraid of the
specter of rich Evans the myth the man
the myth the legend somebody says rich
is doing rich wrong I know that the the
version that I've heard used a lot is
it's more is lesser what the fuck and
what more a what the fuck so
you know honestly I catch a Tetris
cartoon could potentially be really
trippy or really stupid kind of like the
Wonder Twins except you know six
different shapes cooperating to do
whatever it is they're trying to do
let's make a bridge guys everybody put
your parts together not having a good
first floor need more strength upgrades
Anonymous's guys please play affordable
space adventures Karen you'd love it I
have no idea what it is yeah look it up
on the computer if you want a laptop let
me open up another window
blah blah blah available now nintendo
eshop much good is it weird rainbow the
screenshots tell me nothing the
impressions are just quotes of people
gushing the trailer yes I know what's
for the Wii U I don't give a shit show
me what it looks like all right is it on
Steam turn the Sun down trying to just
dissolve the playing someone else's ad
I'm trying to stop it
I can't stop it how do I close it you're
gonna get the stream there we go so yeah
there's like 10 seconds of me trying to
turn off the trailer sound the trackpad
on this thing doesn't quite work right
no it's awful and I'm used to track pads
I use the chrome that Chromebook
everyday you don't count because you
hate track pads period yeah
check pads are not perfect but the
better than having a mouse hanging off
of your either hanging off of your
laptop or not attached to your laptop in
which case you have to keep track of
where it is all the time do I remember
pound puppies they're dogs and sometimes
they end up at the pound
I had pound puppies and my palm puppies
had a bunch of little outfits and I had
generic pound puppies and generic pound
puppy outfits and pound puppy dog food
things and pom puppies where dogs for
little girl wore dolls for little girls
who happen to be dogs
everybody had pom puppies I had pound
puppies I had Care Bear figures although
I didn't have any full-sized Care Bears
and generic Care Bears Smurf toys I had
every 80's every early to mid eighties
piece of craft that children bug their
parents for Monchichi was a little
before my time my sister had Monty
cheese DX Richie says I'm one of the few
people who enjoys the nerd Cru videos it
sounds like kind of a backhanded
compliment and another you're one of the
few where those inspired by a corps of
fans that want you to sell out and talk
about Star Wars of comics 24/7 or is
that just a stereo satire of those type
of vids
or satire those type of ID's how about
this it's fun
I had a boggling tour that was you
talking about things interesting toys it
was like this rubber puppet and you
could reach up inside of it and make its
eyes move and it was really kind of
creepy
Anonymous is good evening rich I'm from
Kentucky so everyone assumes I like UK
basketball even though I don't do you
ever get annoyed with people to assuming
you're a Cubs fan oh yeah yes we were
weird am i early we went to an out of
town my early game for fun and it was
summer under st. Louis and we go to this
this game the gateway Grizzlies and the
people there notice we're wearing like a
half the opposing team we're gonna have
them the Windy City Thunderbolts and
everyone you know they no other from
Chicago and we walk by you know down the
stands and see it was like oops ugh yes
they do
tried it trying to try and uh what's
word I'm looking for her hassle I was
trying to give a shit well everybody
everybody just assumes coab's you stupid
yes said if you're from Chicago you're a
Cubs fan which is not true I mean they
come to admittedly have a numerically
larger fan base but the Sox have a loyal
following of quite a few people I went
when I moved up here one of my do
another job I'm at now but um the girl
the one girl she goes so I got to ask
you something and I said yes and she
goes are you Cubs fan or a Brewers fan
I'm like I'm a Sox fan then she got to
look on her face like oh that never
occurred to me or was it Boston's
nowhere near here oh geez that might
have been what she was thinking possibly
the sex don't have much of a following
outside of the Chicago area I know that
but people like flat up forget that they
exist yeah wave things
guten abend harridans
hello cous T hunt Frau Karen rich
weirdest fan encounter you ever get
ready to tell us no I think we did tell
them about it the one that hit me in the
face yeah the other thing I have not
told them no no that's I think that was
the weirdest panic downer all right yeah
the weirdest fan encounter that that I
can think of that I've ever been witness
to is when one of Rich's fans met him
and started joking about would it be
funny if I hit rich Evans of the face oh
no he was he said he was he was gushing
all over me like like utterly
embarrassingly excited ruining me yeah
and he said I don't know if you can tell
the Gober and I said well you're doing a
very bad job of hiding it and this this
moron uh thinks it would be a good idea
after I say that to fake punch me in the
face
oh you accept that he actually was so
excited he actually hit me hard enough
to be uncomfortable hard enough to be a
comfort when I heart have to be like
like like injure beer yeah it was just
weird very weird he doesn't call all his
fans morons but this particular fan
would probably work with that particular
episode
he hit you with his that might have been
his best shot who knows
our Miller if it sounds like a lovely
encounter I hope somebody at some point
accidentally punches you with the face -
they said Richard the legend Evans
doesn't flinch
I didn't think rich I wouldn't expect
somebody to punch me in the face he's
fully fully expected that the person
would you know have control over their
limbs like a normal person our Miller
says we could punch him all day well you
know we probably don't live where you
are but I'm sure you could find somebody
who's nearby you if you just stand on a
street corner and say I love being
punched in the face or maybe at a bar
somebody's bound to take you up
what celebrity would I go crazy about if
I met them or was that director you
what's what celebrity would you go crazy
about if you'd met them I don't think I
would I'd mean you've met some
celebrities and you haven't punched them
I don't think what about what if I met a
celebrity well I mean how famous you
have to be to be I mean
you've met people that are well known as
you are or probably huh yeah I mean you
know just I would say you ask
ninety-nine out of a hundred 50 year
olds who rich Evans's and they aren't
gonna know my mother is certainly not
familiar with your work it's just
probably for the best
yeah sure I like it she probably would
she has a sense of humor she does
you know they listen max landis I mean
people know whom I explained to says but
I I and you didn't punch him in the face
right it wasn't like I was a huge max
landis fan though fair enough
who are you huge fan of that's a good
question and why am i a huge fan of one
of the people who does spydra spider-man
I can't think of anyone I would meet
where I'm like oh my god and so and so I
looks people are people I know I know
they're not like magically weirdly
different I mean some people have egos
but those people are observable I mean
people who are who are quote unquote
famous or either regular people or you
know they're assholes in which case who
really wants to meet them or the weirdly
neurotic which you know they can't help
who the hell is this guy's name the
comedian who was in space cop was also
in Parks and Rec and Portlandia had a
whole scene like a minion who's in space
kakizou Patton Oswalt
aren't you the comedian Fame I think I
mean famous comedian everybody's a
comedian and Neil deGrasse Tyson I don't
think rich would like urinate all over
himself with excitement no no I knew we
liked your work yeah keep making more of
it please
no rich wasn't in Parks and Rec I think
they're saying that the guy from parks a
person who was was also in space cop
this would have to be Patton Oswalt I've
heard the name he's a comedian I don't
know if he was on Parks and Rec or not
but he was in space Cobb is the only
only name yeah I heard space cops so
currently well enough known that I've
heard of his name I mean I didn't always
the space cops I haven't seen his face
cop cameo I don't know what he looks
like there's a funny chubby white guy
like you
yeah or Mike for that matter
someone is describing him as being like
a troll doll without the funny hair
hopefully I'm sure his face looks
different
I hope the only way somebody would look
like a troll doll facially is if they
had some kind of really unfortunate
genetic issue I don't even know which
one face Lexia
face flexing it cannot find any strength
upgrades tonight
you were those trolls dolls rich did you
ever see that they're up and my mother's
attic now but should you ever see the
collection I had no I had like 50 other
thing is an all different outfit why
they're all hideous kind of cute and
their outfits were precious Dan outfits
oh yeah yeah I mean I only have like one
of them that was naked all of them they
had they had clothes yeah I had one that
was dressed like a reindeer and one that
was dressed like Santa Claus and mrs.
Claus and a pumpkin and a vampire and
all kinds of things I had one of them
that was that was wearing white I had a
an off-brand one and a regular one what
if it was wearing it later I was the one
who was wearing a dear Dolan all kinds
of different they had different country
wands and all different troll themes
yeah
strengthen upgrade strength not health
well yeah a lot I mean there were a lot
of naked ones but Ross I think it was
for for a while they released a whole
series of them in different outfits and
I also liked the way they smelled they
had this kind of rubber vinyl sort of
smell it was like an air freshener for
my room the off switch says speaking of
talking of celebrities would like to
punch I just found out that there are
two late-night host called Jimmy I'm
from Scotland so I don't see them off
and so I just assumed it was the same
guy for years nope Jimmy Kimmel and
felon oh yeah are they that different
yeah Jimmy Kimmel has talent Jimmy
Fallon just kind of an asshole Jimmy
Kimmel the one head though it was on the
man show yeah okay I the other thing I
really remember for the man chair was at
one clip with a they had the little boy
he had like a lemonade stand but instead
he was selling beer yeah well my
favorite from the man show was when they
went around like protesting having
people sign a petition
oh and women's suffrage because
apparently some decent percentage of the
halation can't tell the difference
between suffering and suffrage yeah your
four mothers fought for your right to go
to school and that be so illiterate and
stupid
our Millennials ruining everything an
illegal aliens are running everything
the only thing that I don't like about
Millennials is their upstair is obsessed
with themselves as a group and a
demographic is the baby boomers you know
it's just like this never-ending stream
of articles about the the Millennials
have discovered toes the Millennials
picked their noses Millennials this
Millennials that you know I mean and
which is you know in between the baby
boomers are all dead the baby boomers
are retiring the baby boomers haven't
saved enough for retirement baby boomers
need new knees and on and on and on the
baby boomers have decided that they're
tweeners instead of seniors and like you
know you never hear anything about our
generation which is in between the two
just saying but I mean want hills is
people they're fine they're a big group
of people for one thing it's not like
they're a monolith but I feel sorry for
the sheer number of them that that are
working crappy jobs and servicing
massive student debt
it well just yes it is other generations
talking about the Millennials but some
of my Facebook friends who I know in
real life who are Millennials are
constantly real inking these articles
just because they used the word
millennial so apparently they just love
to hear about them oh this person loves
to hear about his generation and his
friends love to talk about themselves
which is weird that part's weird
well other than the posting stupid
articles about you know the miletti only
the blood heels eat tuna and the
Millennials can use a fork and the
Millennials are 2% more intelligent than
the little brother or whatever other
than that they're just fine this person
or people well and part of the thing
like with Generation X and that whatnot
is the way they stretched it out it's
like the baby boomers are like twenty
years and the Millennials are like
twenty years and Generation X is like
ten eight or something so part of that
is a little bit misleading plus there
was just like a totally dear and the
birthrate in the mid seventies in pi day
skateboards didn't come with batteries
seriously batteries what well isn't that
what though those hoverboards are kind
of like a sideways skateboard that you
just stand on all right I'm really old
what hoverboards are you talking about
they're kind of like segways without
handles
I've not seen these those things I kept
catching fire what are you talking about
somebody playing a prank on me I've not
heard of this no there's yeah it's like
a it was a thing platform that you stand
on and it's got like some kind of
gyroscope of crap in it or something and
you you stand there and I guess you lean
forward it goes forward or something
they're the reason they're popular with
people who have a lot of money and live
in urban areas and want to commute 14
feet and don't like to walk I don't know
they have long boards with
battery-powered when I was a kid my
skateboard was transportation my
skateboard was what I pulled out
whenever my parents decided to punish me
by grounding me from my bike we're going
to the ramparts does Rich know he's
using a computer or some newfangled NES
we're just using a computer these
graphics look like they're circa 1991
but the game is not and that's an
aesthetic choice it's not my favorite
aesthetic choice but lots of people love
it I think it's some kind of joke about
me not knowing what the stupid segway
thing is I'm sure people will Photoshop
you riding cucumbers with wheels now you
know if they were if they were if they
were freaking more affordable it
wouldn't be bad at all having a segue
then I'd be old well I mean Matt and his
wife Georgette's who live around here
you know who I'm talking about he's
using he's using one of the segway type
things with a seat on it basically is
like a wheelchair because his knees are
shot which certainly sexier than you
know with scooter so you know they are
popular with people who are old or at
least decrepit
no it isn't right in the 13th Sunday the
sixth one
you saw someone fall off a Segway it
looks painful and also hilarious isn't
this at least a solution do the
balancing for you or something they hit
like a really big bump where they doing
something absolutely idiotic I'll try
this I'll try this just get the Segway
and get a rascal scooter but those
rascal scooters like their way a
shit-ton the the Segway like things with
the seats you can actually just throw in
your car trunk which makes them good for
like the person I mentioned who's you
know his joints are shit he can still
walk but not that far I heard the
inventor of the Segway fell off a cliff
on a Segway which is I'm a bad person
for thinking so I even I know I but
terribly even big but come on it's kind
of funny maybe it's not kind of funny it
is sustained it was he like supposedly
just trying to be polite to get out of
somebody's way or something and now the
person feels guilty forever that he
killed that they killed him assuming
they heard me fall whoa liddie have a
heart attack
oh he was testing an off-roading version
well that was definitely off-road didn't
even hurt a Tucker things just just
accidentally drove off the cliff when he
was trying to move over or something I'm
trying to make sense out of it maybe the
cliff like gave way a little or
something I don't know he died
peacefully that's screaming like his
passengers did they can you have a
passenger on a Segway how much weight to
those things handle he was testing the
parachute version Segway with the
ejector seat
each segment receipt yeah the Segway
owners alive and well in New Hampshire I
think he's dead I really do think he's
found her a founder inventor founder
inventor found her the same person I
don't know this was a new story I
remember hearing about this and I
thought it was a fairly legit one yeah I
think we're right to sadden Friday's
t-shirts to Freud a sham Freud is the
best fighter they see me rolling on my
Segway they all think I'm white and
nerdy I love that song white and nerdy
it's great especially where he's like
strolling up to the car and the two
black dudes are rolling up the window
rich do you lift weights
he picks up things like Fame controllers
good way something yeah technically
speaking I lift weights what you can do
about it
sadden Friday is it's a German word in
the German language the best word we've
ever stolen from the German language
it's not technique it's not technically
in our the English dictionary there is
no currently no English word for I don't
know that it's in Webster's oh it's
probably an Oxford Oxford has sets the
bar pretty low is Oxford the one that
has emojis in there now Oxford is the
one that's that's about someone at iwo
some dictionary whore feet thick some
dictionary head emoji as the word of the
year it's probably the OED or a demotion
on the word emoji an emoji I would
imagine it's a long word along with
communicate and site-geist and
poltergeist
what well what a shot in front of me
for people who don't know I shot for it
is is taking pleasure and other people's
misery the Germans have a word for that
when something bad happens to someone
and that makes you gleeful usually
because you don't like them not because
you're a straight-up sadist I'm looking
for damage upgrades himmelblau what is
that blue heaven heaven blue so I mean
something in English
somebody's comparing emojis to
hieroglyphics I don't know I think
Egyptian that started I'm saying is
pictures for words but then it became
something a little bit more abstract hmm
what they're saying is we're going
backwards I just want to just want to
make this clear we're going backwards
but what disguise oh yeah himmelblau
sounds like it would be sky blow like
Himalayas heavens or whatever but the
heavens or sky or something but what
does sky blue have to do with
communicate I thought maybe it was like
a word that meant something that we
don't have in English like we don't have
the word an exact equivalent of
communicate or poltergeist we kind of
say the spirit of the times which is
site-geist exactly did I witness rich
speaking German he said communica or no
he said um satin Friday oh you mean like
when he took it in high school I think
he didn't like it much I was never very
good yeah we had nothing against it see
we both took German in high school
mostly because the high school German
teacher was just a fun guy it was a fun
class he's a pushover he was a pushover
yeah also also if you made an effort you
got an A if you didn't give him any
trouble you got a B if you showed up and
had a pulse you got a see if he really
hated you he still would give you a D I
remember one guy who was a really kind
of annoying and he basically gave him a
D passed him and and said I don't want
you taking it next year but if you want
to take the year after that we'll talk I
don't feel my education was waste wasted
I mean I learned a fair amount of German
I got A's I was in the whatever the
runner Society is for students of German
I mean I took it seriously and I liked
it it's just that he didn't if you
wanted to learn
a decent amount of stuff it was kind of
self-study and he would support you the
class itself was relatively easy if you
you didn't have to do well to get a good
grade in the class but if you really put
yourself into it you could learn a fair
amount there was a guy in my class
that's on the football team nice guy on
the football team but the big man could
and he every every German Gleaves I'm a
German class he would make it his goal
to see how long he could distract her
Schmidt before cold you know delay class
starting think he would ask him random
questions about this or that we had a
math teacher and junior high that has to
do this too he could he could get hair
Schmidt going for like just 30 minutes
before any kind of lesson would start it
would just bake it was like his little
game to see how much time he could waste
at any time because that okay class now
here we got to get to it nope yeah I
mean if you actually studied the book
and made an effort to learn everything
in the chapters you'd end up learning a
fair amount of stuff and he definitely
went over all the grammar and everything
and and yeah I probably should have
taken Spanish it would have been more
useful in my daily life living the
United States but socially it was a good
time I probably would have been overall
more benefited by taking Spanish but I
was not harmed by taking German it was a
good time
Esperanto is neat I've never put in the
effort to learn very much of it that's
one that's like a hodgepodge right yeah
it's like they they look for
commonalities between European languages
and tried to make things simplified and
easy to learn the idea is to have like a
universal language yet Chinese probably
is where it's at these days learnt
learning Arabic is I'm sure very useful
it used to be learning Russian was a
good idea I don't know that in the
future
Russia's gonna have as much of an impact
on world politics as it looks like China
may have but who knows I love crystal
ball
yeah there is no universal language it
would be kind of cool if there was and a
lot of people in a lot of places grow up
speaking multiple languages I I grew up
in a monolingual household I know some
dirty words and Croatian but I probably
don't even pronounce them right and I'm
not gonna say them here that's about it
that's about as far as we didn't get to
say it last time we're about to see the
boss first boss of the game currently
there are only two bosses in the game so
also kind of the halfway point English
is a universal trade language in english
is the language of like airports and
whatnot
but you know Mandarin Chinese is got
morse is white more widely spoken second
language supposedly so yeah if I was
gonna pick a language to learn as far as
world politics I'd probably pick Chinese
first and Arabic second because there's
always so much political stuff going
there going on there in recent decades
living in the United States Spanish
would allow me to talk to a lot of
people Arabic Spanish and French are all
spoken in the factory where you work
that's cool
having having worked worked in grocery
stores reasonably often I most of the
Spanish I know is related to that I know
a lot of words for vegetables and things
it's a long bridge yeah are those fart
sounds coming from the chat they're
coming from the TV but why are they
coming from the TV because they're kind
of there in a way the roundabout way
they're coming from the chat it's the
sound it makes and somebody subscribes
oh okay
you barrel they probably barely hear it
Irish is the language of the future I
was just pretty cool sounding I I can't
look at Irish and read it or even think
about how to pronounce things the the
letters do not correspond to the same
sounds that they do in English English
needs stricter words for enunciation and
stricter stricter rules and and and
spelling that isn't weird in archaic
welfare my sisters Irish is so Gaelic
it's it and it's like get get Iike or
something right it's it's not Gallagher
Gallagher I'm not sure exactly how they
pronounce Gaelic but it's different than
Gaelic Gaelic is like the English
version of the Irish word for the Irish
language or something
so Dourdan going get down here so what
else is a new Richard I've been read the
tips um
if rich could choose to be an animal
which one would he be human
uh we went through this and I said I
would be in the and earth all which is
an animal as humans are animals but it's
a different species and and one led
that's alright just as smart as us
that's was anonymous and the off switch
says the bio and owner of the Segway was
riding an off-road version along the
coast he encountered two walkers and
decided to let them pass he reversed off
the path to give them room but went over
ouch so it was like a prototype Segway
the prototype off-road Segway which
maybe the hands like was weird because
it was a prototype who is something that
doesn't have predators like blue whale I
suspect they're poor or human being
I suspect that blue whales are down
there wishing that they could get their
flippers over their ears because we make
so much noise with our submarines and
things that they're just just spending
all their time thinking oh my god will
humans just shut up possibly
Oh humans definitely have plenty of
predators
fortunately we tend to have plenty of
weapons I mean you know a naked human
with a lion I'll take for granted that
it's naked against each other you know I
mean a regular adult lion against a
naked human it's not really gonna be
much of a battle not really using the
frost blast I'm getting my freezing done
with grenades the humans predators are
humans yeah unfortunately this is true
that is extremely true
well I think nothing usually preys on
humans because they have kind of a
they've they've been they've a dowel
evolved or been conditioned or passed
down in some way that that humans tend
to have scary abilities to kill other
animals and sharks if they take a bite
of us usually decide that we're not
fatty enough and bad for their digestion
and they just as soon not bother and go
eat a seal so it's a terrible damage
what is that big fat blue thing an Emmy
can you be a little more specific no
gram really is that a hammerhead shark
on the wall yes why I say because we're
in support I don't know they want to
know what your favorite John Carpenter
film Big Trouble in Little China
I like his glowing battle-ax or whatever
that is if it only has like one blade is
it still a battle-axe I'm not sure or
the things with two blades something
other than a battle-axe with that hi I'm
rich and Karen says the william mister
can you tell us about what happened
after rich od'd on tomes was it a
festival or did he just have a horrid
stomachache
did you eat a lot of tums unbridled
creativity amongst our fans is wow it's
just sad so just a reflection pretty
well in the water
he does hate fans and I've every night I
turn on the fan and he really doesn't
like it much it's true it's not that I
don't like you occasionally I'm just
disappointed in you
very very disappointed
am i extremely unhappy or people
misinterpreting my tone I'm not
extremely unhappy
that's just how I talk mildly sarcastic
maybe but not extremely unhappy yes
you're disappointing children to which
alas and not hanker just disappoint it
no I'm cool
they say they'll never be is up because
you and please don't look down on them
just being what they said they'll never
be as epic as you and please don't look
down on them am i cool with a w I have
no idea if that has some kind of
sinister hidden meaning I presumably
it's the Internet I just assume
everybody well yes I've seen the
spelling but I I can only assume that
since this is the internet that
everything that sounds innocent has some
kind of hidden meeting like Netflix and
chill doesn't mean chilling out and
watching Netflix
I found that out the hard way but
fortunately it was rich I think you know
what that means doesn't it don't you I
thought you were no I thought it just
meant what it meant no it doesn't just
mean what it means but so apparently
like I've got the sophistication level
of somebody's mom or old enough to be
somebody's mom oh for sure means here's
a ticket to bone town but anyway I don't
know what other meanings Katie WL might
mean but if coal is the antithesis of
nerdy I'm nerdy you're you're you're
erring on the side of caution I am
my browser homepages urban dictionary I
don't know if you've read too much urban
dictionary you just you'd be afraid to
say anything there's like 8,000 things
that mean something else
it's like when you're in junior high and
people would be like haha you're wearing
green and it's a Friday that must mean
you're horny oh yeah what you were like
colors you weren't supposed to wear
certain days because supposedly it meant
you were horny when we were like 12 and
sixth grade because I've not heard sixth
graders are and back then it was
probably true well yeah like all six
were frustrated and hormonal and and
going to continue to be frustrated and
hormonal for years to come in most cases
sure I like broadswords technically
technically does more damage but the
sort of God has a hundred and seventy
five damage on frozen I'm doing a lot of
freezing I want the big Thord but I
can't I can't
all kids think that they invented sex
I suspect the baby boomers as adults
still think they invented sex
which bit difficult elites light up
there perfected six maybe the Hindus
oh the the Kama Sutra wrote a freaking
book yeah a yoga manual kind of a book
that assumes that everyone has really
flexible ligaments I'm not gonna be easy
are you talking about pre prehistoric
there's all kinds of interesting
carvings in in prehistory in ancient
history and modern times look up
Japanese penis festival there's like no
wait what it's like indigenous like I'm
not sure if it's Shinto or what I'm
pretty ignorant about which group it is
but in rural Japan there's there's
traditional and in some you know small
towns are traditional like town parades
with giant wooden penises that are kind
of fascinating for fertility sake or
something all right
and it's it's it's very large it's
wooden and it's cartoonish and it's kind
of funny
rich anonymous is rich keep up the
amazing content besides DB Cooper versus
Bigfoot which best the worst film would
you like a big-budget Hollywood remake
of fast sweeper is that about mine
sweepers no got a vigilante cop I saw
potential in there for a fine us a
series low good low budge budget schlock
but good low budget schlock is supposed
to ban which kind of is oh god yeah
that's new keys do have comically large
balls but the Mario version did not alas
that's shocking
I'm supposed to pretend to be surprised
that tanukis didn't have large balls and
Mario should I say oh my god just really
you know hammer at home it must not be
working if the penis festival promotes
fertility why does Japan a negative
birthrate probably because they don't
have enough penis festivals yeah they
don't have enough penis festivals Mario
3 is totally big balls
I mean he's spitting testicles out of
his mouth wink and you're like fire
Mario would you be happy or sad if
Hollywood decided to remake a lenka
Basinski movie will see a be sad is that
filmmaker we made fun of and then he
came on the show because he was really
cool about it boy he sounded like a nice
person
yeah and a very good sport he knows like
karate and stuff he could have beat you
up he could have more than fake punch
too
yep or if you wanted
fake stuff he could have faked all kinds
of cool stuff you and barely made
contact they said you're gonna freak out
when they remake they live there's some
people the aliens were like in charge of
society and they had subliminal message
everywhere and you can only see their
true faces when you wore the special
sunglasses Oh kind of like Bartlet vs.
the space mutants which is the directly
referencing and wide I don't think I've
seen that one
ready ready five four stars in it
I said lens also been getting his films
on Amazon Prime which is neat oh it's
for streaming yeah well that's good
definitely broaden his audience I have
not seen his films but he sounds like a
nice guy in a good sport
so I wish him wish him luck money sex
and all other good things people want
mostly money well he can get probably
get sex if you have money if that's what
you want to do no no I did not
kaleidoscope kaleidoscopic 20 says what
the fucking fucked I never get the
notifications you guys are streaming
anymore
I'm sorry yeah pretty sure Jack sent out
a tweet on my behalf
wish me sex and money to brick Jaeger I
wish you sex and money
I hope you I hope you get a happy
consenting sex with happy people who
consent to sex and money by legitimate
legal and emotionally fulfilling means
all right which one of these was the
egress
no to burgers Kirk there really isn't a
Santa Claus there is no Santa Claus I'm
sorry rich I knew the William mr. says
rich wasn't trying to vomit a meme out
of the stream I'm actually curious about
any side effects the Tom's had I didn't
actually consume a half a bottle of
Tom's most of them were spit out into a
cup that I had next to the chair I ate
about four of them which honestly is
less than what I normally eat tonight
because I've had acid reflux my entire
life I'm sure he feels very
disillusioned yeah anyway here's some
money and thanks for all the
entertainment welcome here are you also
somebody said something about bismuth I
don't think Tom's have bismuth
pepto-bismol does I think Tom's are just
chalk like they just you know hacked up
something like the White Cliffs of Dover
into pellets died of pink and sit here
get go we don't need those stick in
landmark Americans have heartburn too
many Chinese horse penis hot dogs
and I'm gonna guess if you eat a lot of
you know there might be long-term kept
consequences to sucking down massive
amounts of calcium if you ate tons and
tons but I'm gonna guess it probably
just makes you constipated or something
in the short term kidney stones yeah
eating too much calcium get your kidney
stone supposedly they said tell you to
try half a teaspoon in water for
heartburn of water no that's not gonna
do check shit
I I don't think you've had heartburn I
mean the only kind of teaspoon that you
can ingest easily is one made of gallium
tea spoon what now water it sounded like
it a teaspoon in water I'm a teaspoon of
what obviously you can't eat the the
teaspoon itself unless it's made of
gallium which might be poisonous for all
I know but I hear it melts at room
temperature not much above well not room
temperature but maybe body temperature
in hot coffee anyway consume the actual
tea so that's what I'm saying seriously
rich when was the last time you had a
check-up not that long ago few years -
yeah
if that
the word the Ren Faire has been
attracting a lot of trashy people you
know it's like 20 bucks to get in so I
mean I don't know what your definition
of trashy people is it most of the
people there are are young to
middle-aged people just going and
hanging out or families and kids it's
pretty squeaky crowd with lots of nerds
and lots of fandoms and I enjoy it it's
good you know for me like once every
five years
maybe I would be happy to go five times
a year
oh we can go again this year
we almost have to tell a story there's
much of a story though
don't let's not forget the prequel last
year sure okay so last year we were
gonna go to the Ren Faire and we got
tickets and I left them at home so we
had to buy tickets when we got to the
gate and then we had to go again because
we had to use the tickets because you
know so this year we go to get tickets
again at Walgreens
and rich manages to misplace them and he
thinks he left them at Walgreens and I
call Walgreens to find out if they left
the tickets but we're just even the
first the first year was all you that
was all you that was all me I left the
tickets at home by mistake this time
rich managed to misplace them but he
thought maybe he left them at Walgreens
and so we're on our way home from them
so we bought tickets again from
Walgreens on the way there and then on
the way home he realized where he had
left the tickets they were like in the
pouches more between the seat they'd
kind of like foam oh okay I thought they
were in the storage no card or the
inside well anyway so now we've got
another set of tickets to the run fair
so obviously we're gonna have to go
again mmm well I will anyway
it's good damage but I'm gonna try the
shield on the boss see how that works
well maybe the universe doesn't want
school to run the Ren Faire maybe the
universe's wants to go twice a year I
think I think your your you are going
twice you put that on
oh yeah I like the Ren Faire I don't
know that I could do it five times
you're realistically wood there's only
it's a finite amount of stuff there but
I enjoy it
some of those performers know I don't
know they could do this for much longer
yeah that's weird Rishi never talking
about that like like Mooney and and
Bruna what not a lot of their performers
are Mooney I think he seems like 53 or
something and he's been saying for years
this is not sure how much longer he's
gonna physically be able to do with that
they're like 59 no I think you said like
53 but they don't have a lot of it seems
like their best performers are all
people who are getting close to an age
where they might not physically be able
to do juggling and tightrope and so on
does a lot less than he used to yeah so
weird Rooney was a juggler he still is
any comedian basic yeah mostly a silent
commute somewhat famous act for the
Bristol Renaissance yeah he does he does
his act mostly by whistling instead of
talking yeah it is a medieval kind of
thing it's supposedly set in like 15
something or other although they're the
sort of vague about where and wind
because obviously he used to not talk at
all except for one specific yeah and it
was hysterical because he didn't time
you talk during the act because there's
they like yes specifically because it
was the only time you talk to her in the
act now he'd be ruined that because
every now and then he breaks it he talks
yeah especially cuz that gag is right
after his ad for his money bucket which
you know I don't blame him but wait wait
till after the show wait laughter the
bed well maybe he'd this thinks if he
does it at the end of it as soon as he
starts going into his commercial people
are just gonna get up and walk away
cuz the acts done I don't know
and certainly if you can afford to you
should contribute to these people's
livelihood and he is he is good but
anyway our point is that a lot of the
people at the Bristol Renaissance Fair a
lot of a lot of our favorite acts are
people who are in their late 40s and
early 50s and we're wondering if there's
gonna be the same caliber stuff to
replace them and my thought is just that
there are so many people these days that
are young people that are in so much
debt you know that they are worried
about student loans and stuff I'm not
sure that they can go into juggling yeah
did your talk go through lost in
Technicolor I don't see it honestly try
again are you getting touched from today
or yes no I did yeah there have been
several I've read them all roll down the
tongue one was the last one I see I've
seen I see William Meister anonymous
William Meister off switch Anonymous off
switched and thank you for your
generosity uh that's it it's still six I
hate this track pad dot eighty-five
anonymous DX Richey anonymous Michael
Cote and I've read them all as an
anonymous real Veon yeah I don't see one
from you sir or ma'am
after Verbier cake i I don't know what
they pay jugglers or if they simply get
what they get in tips from the audience
I'm not entirely sure what they make but
it sounds like it seems like a lot of
younger people are just really seriously
in debt and I'm imagine starting out and
most of those things you're probably
making jack until you get good at it
yeah but if you go into juggling you
probably aren't going to the same
schools where you end up in serious
debut yeah but probably on a completely
different career but my point is
everybody's being herded into the non
juggling career path and being told that
they've got no future if they don't
graduate from a four-year they'll always
be stupid people pursuing an impossible
dream and I've seen auditions David they
shouldn't be but they try anyway and
moody might have sucked when he was
younger when he was first starting out
it's possible it took years for him to
get good any any good at his routines
almost never li yeah the case I you know
I've never seen he says he'd been doing
it since he was 24 I've never seen the
what the 24 year old Moniz act look like
exactly Jack was a clone yeah the
literal clown and I really loved the one
where he the episode where that was just
great where he's dressed up as a clown
what exactly okay okay
try and have a little bit of fun you
know some pretty attention to it after
that once you know the bed oh I'm sorry
I don't know that Jack ever planned on
making the clown thing his career though
I mean if it somehow fell into his lap
that he could be a clown for a living
he'd probably enjoy that but I think he
always had in mind doing something else
somebody says the last text you saw with
the juggler to run fair somebody pick an
audience number of the audience with a
beer they can close her eyes and steal
their beer mmm that's not very nice okay
lost in Technicolor this tip did go
through rich if you've had acid reflux
problems a long time trying over counted
drug called omeprazole my doctor put me
on it ears ago and I've really had
issues with reflux anymore
here's the thing tums is really cheap
and pretty effective for me I don't know
that I need something else you did the
one in the purple box yeah and then I
saw the big warning label do not take
for a longer than 14 wiggs days Deb week
yeah days yeah worse is a mop resolve
the one that you can take for a while I
don't know you should look into it
I'm honestly not sure if it was nexium
or prilosec or what it was it was
over-the-counter
it was Prioleau sec tri Rolaids they're
just as safe as tums but have magnesium
as well as calcium and act in concert to
be more effective than calcium alone all
right have you ever done we're gonna
find them cheaply in like a big bottle
I've never seen Rolaids in like a the
economy bottled yeah you can buy like a
giant bottle of tums for next to nothing
like the size of giant like cartoonishly
large can you buy cartoonishly large
cheap or if you can buy Rolaids at the
dollar store versus a dollar a roll
cheap I don't know Mike referred to a
bottle for like seven yes it says you
should let Jesus into your heart I don't
know that you know the the icons I've
seen usually have his heart on fire how
do you think I got thorns around it and
stuff
change your diet and lifestyle well you
know isn't that just about anyone and
everything or I could take America I
could take a 1 cent on tablet yeah
basically what part of tums are
effective aren't people getting and yes
we should all exercise like a 20,000
hours a week and eat a lot of kale but
you need to take this thing that works
and change everything that you're doing
what am i what was this the Ghostbusters
reboot I like you have Crohn's disease
I'm sorry that's nasty
I mean like unpleasant for people who
have it what does your
gastroenterologist say if he had a
gastroenterologist they'd probably say
he needs to exercise more and eat more
broth I look at America the doctor made
just a month adjustment just enough that
I really you know Obama care can't do
anything for me I have no insurance
right now I can't afford it
you have Crohn's disease and ankylosing
spondylitis does your immune system
absolutely hate the body it lives in I'm
sorry
someday I will have health insurance
that is not right now how much do I know
about the consequences of the
Yellowstone supervolcano I know that
every half a million years or something
it goes apeshit and fucks up a large
part of North America for years and I
only hope it doesn't do it in my
lifetime I don't wish it on anybody else
in their lifetime but if the species
doesn't kill itself by some other means
humans will again presumably experience
another eruption and God will that suck
actually I was looking at was trying to
check the weather and I saw a headline
that said Yosemite evacuated and I was
like oh shit and I was thinking oh no
and like here no it's finally here yeah
but then I read it and it was about a
forest fire and I remembered oh yeah
that's Yosemite not Yellowstone
Yellowstone has the volcano and isn't
like Wyoming or something and if
somebody is in California I think and as
Horace fires
I think I need to do new weapon
they said nice save I think they meant
the game yep I did
did you play the Dragon Fantasy games if
you like Dragon Warrior and Final
Fantasy yes especially if you like them
in their like early 90s late 80s kind of
incarnations he thought you somebody was
from Looney Tunes that's true like you
somebody Sam he's like he's like from
Texas or something he doesn't act like
you're so Morgan Co Texas parody you're
like a Klondike Gold Rush parody oh
maybe
how did he how did he start off I don't
know he's a fine 49er it's what I
thought were seventies in Northern
California I thought it was in Southern
California I don't honestly I don't know
what part of California what the big
Gold Rush stuff was and do we want to do
any more exploring I might this is
dangerous
I should be one cuz I might get another
power upgrade I'm not a stupid an
article released today said that they
think it might be close to erupting you
know I don't think well if it does we're
all fucked yes I don't think we really
know enough about it unless it starts
going like you know giant earthquakes
every other minute to know when it's
going to erupt other than to know that
it's probably not going to do it
immediately yeah it's it's it doesn't
happen that often so it's probably not
going to happen this week but it would
be really bad if it blew up it would
also be really bad if an asteroid struck
the planets that whole the the
possibility of solar storm strong solar
storms is kind of scary you know I mean
there's all kinds of ways to get dead
somebody said was created to be a
caricature of fritz frailing his
personality was meant to emulate him I
don't know who that is though this is
one of the writers or one of the
directors maybe both well that that
would make sense is there something
you'd advise your younger self not to do
to get certain health problems look we
all know that we should you know eat
healthier and exercise more and that
would probably help a lot of health
problems but you know that's easier said
than done sometimes plus 170 I just
gotta keep remembering to use that keep
remembering to use it this'll be tough
oh the Senate was the animator yeah yeah
I did something I lost textbook Jesus
all those things and my body's already
trying to kill me all the time well if
it makes you feel any better
your body will probably find a way to
kill you before the Yellowstone Caldera
does I mean all our bodies find a way to
kill us eventually
the off switch yes it's possible that
humans will kill we'll kill ourselves
off with nuclear war before the volcano
has a chance to and what a happy thought
what a happy turn this conversation is
taken is that a jackhammer or a
hypodermic syringe or a hypodermic
syringe I believe okay but then I only
got one Oh heat death of the universe
yes Oh oh that's a forethought oh that's
a lot of damage well think about the
heat death of the universe is I doubt
I'll be here to see it unless they find
a way to upload my brain into something
oh I wanted to try out the shield for
blocking on those tentacles in the boss
but now I got this oh oh I don't know
what oh I know I know what I need to do
I'm so dying bottle of perfume yes the
game wants you to smell nice for the
final boss fight well you know this is
the this is the last boss they have me
this is maybe the boss was perfume
allergies go on but just stare at me
like that
this is the this is the end of the game
this Li you know it's as much as they've
made so this is the end of the road
after this fight it just ends they're
not done yet how unsatisfying
well legislatively satisfy its labeled
early access so they're charging for it
yes
so what is this if enough people buy the
half-finished version of the game
they'll have enough money to make the
rest of it or I gotta I gotta
concentrate oh that's not effective
one day rich Evans will die and the
tears would call sea levels to rise
everybody will die of dehydration from
crying out the entire water content of
their bodies not as effective as I'd
hoped not nearly as effective as I'd
hoped
now I wish I had the shield's purple
tentacle yep yep yep yep
the real purple tentacle would have
snarky comments I'm sorry
oh nice tentacle tentacle emojis you
just looked up how angler fish procreate
and it's fucked up isn't it though oh
yeah those are the ones if I'm not
mistaken we're the male if it encounters
a female like bites onto it and then
like most of its organs just kind of
wither away and it kind of melds with a
female and it's just like a sperm
producing appendage just like a like a
sexually at like a sexually acquired
tentacle or something
yeah atrophies in the gonads that's one
way of putting it you'd be like it was
humans it would be like some guy would
some random guy would come up to you and
like French kiss your knee and become
permanently attached as a scrotum
hanging off your leg
whatever you got to do to get Leila I'd
rather never have sex than have my body
atrophy and turn into a gonna and
hanging off somebody but your mileage
may vary am i quoting the chat but it
wouldn't be the first time chat but has
some good good things to say and I don't
always notice they're coming from chat
but her hat fraud bot or whatever it is
professore subpoenas and chinese people
no mustard now I'm quoting heck but on
purpose
heck fraud bought 5,000 don't you
understand
we don't need users we're advanced
they're superfluous be a part of me and
together the world will be ours to
control that's awesome yeah where is
Karen bought 5,000
Oh red tangles better tentacle purple
tonic already technical total technical
is it dead
nope nope nope nope
no body desecrated and desiccated ah you
have to play the whole thing again to
get yeah yeah maybe I shouldn't talked
about leg testicles it's alright oh I
like that thing that dead sailor giant
thing or whatever it is that's kind of
Awesome there'll be something in there
at some point they did do a good job
with the game art hmm
I'm not a big fan of pixelation but I
mean the actual designs a background
it's definitely cool
if you want to worry about about
Yellowstone just look up Deccan Traps
or even just the the what if you Salta
klava fields in in the Pacific Northwest
what if you don't want to worry about
Yellowstone well um
you can reason Green Gables I'm pretty
sure the entire series doesn't I would
be willing to bet the entire series
doesn't mention the Yellowstone Caldera
I can tell you for a fact the first book
doesn't are you can watch Gumby yeah he
can walk into any book with his good
friend pokey too and if you've got a
heart Gumby's part of you well yeah but
if the good the book burns up at all
lava explosion that takes out the
continental United States it's not gonna
do much good like Wyoming would just be
gone right look up the Cascadia
subduction zone
yeah Wyoming would be just like gone
pretty much fortunately it's not as
populated as there wouldn't be as many
people to try to get the fuck out of
there was like the East Coast or where
the fuck do you bring them I don't know
honestly food's gonna be a problem later
on maybe you should let some of those
people in Wyoming you know yeah it's
gonna be from a few years it's fine it's
all good Harry you and your cats can
just you know it's chill out it's just
turbulence let's all enjoy your Harry
enjoy your lake why are we why are we
carting all of the food out of the state
you know other people are hungry
yeah well they're ago are Wyoming
viewers I know right
gosh both of them well its 854 here it's
probably like 654 in Wyoming aren't they
bringing the cows in for the night or
something and they all cowboys you
racist they're pretty sure Wisconsin
would be choking on Ash so by rich and
Karen well yeah you know nobody's got to
go from something I guess I guess it's
quicker than some things
yeah I can do anyone
there are 585 thousand people in Wyoming
and I think there are like 600,000 in
Milwaukee not counting the suburbs
Milwaukee isn't even that big the most
dangerous part of the of the Yellowstone
Volcano is they could send burning
animals into the sky no one in America
would be safe from the flying fire bears
you can see me moving my left the laptop
oh no Caryn they've seen you moving the
laptop oh no you probably see my knee to
move my hands maybe my face if I wasn't
still lazy to get up and move over there
this is a really comfortable chair you
copied my fingerprints awesome are you
gonna clone me from fingerprints sure I
think it works that way darn
there's a volcano in Italy capable of
Yellowstone eruptions that is literally
built under a city I don't know if they
built a volcano under city they might
have built a city over volcano Dam
Karin schooling your ass literally I
learned interesting medical info lately
have you I don't know trying to think
probably not gonna take long to explore
we did the sewers last time
there's a city in New Jersey that was
built on rock and roll nobody singing
that one Yellowstone erupts we built
this city we built this really molten
Stones building bond frog water says hey
rich what'd you say you don't enjoy
real-time strategy games but you crush
it at Orcs Must Die but more importantly
that's Orcs Must Die is a little bit
different cuz you're killing one
character that's a lot of different than
controlling like a dozen different
armies across a map and you can't see
them all at once just scrolling around
and that's a that's a nightmare to me
but more importantly what do you think
of the film Coneheads forgettable
Coneheads is the kind of thing that's
cute and five minutes segments I'm
Saturday Night Live there really isn't
enough to it to turn it into a movie
right they Saturday Night Live movies
right how much of them can we blame on
the Blues Brothers as awesome as the
Blues brother says okay I'm going to
reveal my ignorance here Blues Brothers
started in Saturday Night Live no idea
the band in the Blues Brothers movie is
the Saturday Night Live band I did not
know that either but I mean yeah the
Coneheads is the the the the whole I
mean what do they really have going
that's funny okay they put rings in
their heads to have sex and and
sometimes they encounter some they have
discriminated early impressions and it's
a joke that people don't recognize that
they're aliens when they're quite
obviously alien oh yeah that's true
it's like like chicken boo from the
Animaniacs so it's like the Pat movie
it's like okay so
the person's gender is difficult to
ascertain okay
it was a fine skin for a sketch comedy
show yes in a movie exactly like thorns
yeah there is a Pat movie the Wayne's
World movie was probably one of the
better ones yeah of course I thought it
was cute because it reminded me my older
brother when he was younger because he
was like you know a metal that and he
wanted to be a rock star so I guess I
guess it reminds me of my brother when
he was like 20 so I always thought it
was good for that reason
there was this right there was a Wayne's
World - yeah that wasn't bad I never saw
it oh fuck my supposed to get around I
never I don't know what to do now just
like dead people hanging from ropes in
the background it's pretty black and
yeah there's some strange humor in there
it kind of happened off screen I've seen
it happen on screen once but I've seen
an enemy low on health jump to their
death
next when they're near a cliff and
little text box comes up that says Yolo
it's a big sword yep so I know some of
these people are in in this chat or
animal crossing fans I'm guessing a lot
of you are adamantly not Animal Crossing
fans but if anybody knows what the hell
is up with a the mobile game they're
supposed to be they were supposed to be
bringing out a game last year is that
ever coming out like for phones they
might have been upset by how much money
somebody else made off of Pokemon go I
don't know Nintendo's known for doing
stupid things for stupid reasons some
somebody says hey everyone its jack from
up north e jack what name are they under
viously record that's Jeff hi jack hey
Jack you just missed it I died on the
second boss oh wait I had a better one
are you riding a moose with a Mountie
while eating pancakes with maple syrup
and poutine and playing hockey
say hi to Justin Trudeau I don't know if
he's in Canada again I say s rich where
he was and he told me and I don't even
remember Jack Hearst sure where he's
going exactly business Oasis northern
Wisconsin well that's close to Canada I
need more strength upgrades why can't I
find any of those choose your own
upgrade Scrolls so far behind isn't
northern Wisconsin basically southern
Alberta I don't know and I don't know
how anybody lives in this superior snow
belt I don't know how anybody lives in
Buffalo
I don't know anybody copes with that
much snow I really don't
it's bad enough living places where it's
cold in the winter which I have all my
life but I just don't know how people
can handle it when places get or even
Northwest Indiana places that just get
shit tons of snow
sake off thieves passes whatever your
name is it lives in Buffalo I have my
respect
truly I remember some years ago we got a
snowstorm and Chicago got like 19 inches
or something crazy I mean it was a lot
of snow but I if I recall the same
snowstorm Buffalo got close to 5 feet
and I was like what
seriously that's like me like my head
would be barely peeking out of the top
and I know people who live in Edmonton
and it's like summer is nice but winter
winter seems like it lasts I love it did
a half months out of the year you take a
snowstorm over a heat wave yeah I don't
know people live in the deep south in
the summer either I guess you kind of
got a pick one yet Toronto is reasonably
Pleasant in the winter and like take the
heat wave like Vancouver or or I mean
Seattle I mean they're they're winners
are not there even like Fairbanks are
not fair bakes Juneau I'm one of them I
know the Alaskan coast line is not
ridiculous with the cold in the
wintertime it's the Continental places
that have the crazy winters
ah fuck skills upgrade fucking useless I
don't know what part of Texas you're in
lost holder but I'm sorry talking no I'm
just getting upset no no no no no no I
can't find the upgrades I want I'm
finding all the upgrades I don't want oh
I know California in like my sister
lives in Phoenix or Phoenix others I
think but it's she's I was looking at
the weather there when recently and it
was like 117 and she's posted on
Facebook that her pool is 90 degrees and
I'm thinking how can that possibly be
refreshing relative to the outside I
would feel cool I guess but I mean you
almost want to throw ice cubes in your
swimming pool theory that's an option
yeah I think from what I hear it's a lot
easier to deal with it if it's dry heat
I've never been a place in a place where
it's hot and not also humid and I grew
up in the Chicago area if it's hot the
relative humidity is ridiculous but it
isn't as hot nearly as often as it is
even in southern Illinois our goodness
knows like Houston games conspiring to
fuck me over
so you have like the Goldilocks pools to
bury us
yeah you can take off more layers in the
cold that's true but on the other hand
like cold is miserable in a way that
heat isn't as long as you don't have to
move
Buffalo not only is terrifying snow in
the winter but will be humid summers
alright one one I think that's kind of
usually when it's cold out driving
anywhere becomes a hassle when you're
inside during a heatwave
there's always air conditioning that's
true the cold makes just simple travel
like a nightmare well I know that being
really cold is more miserable than being
really hot it's hot isn't that bad if
you don't move it's gonna be fucking
hates me talking about weather is so
Midwestern well-named fucking hates me
imal skills upgrade have a skills
upgrade you want worth kill of upgrade
have a skill upgrade heat makes you feel
dirty lose the games have a skill
upgrade stop demystifying the coolness
of snow have you never there's no other
snow
the only coolest the snow is the
temperature snow sucks oh it's up when
you're a kid you go sledding I mean I
used to go sledding for hours and hours
and hours
I'd rather was swimming it so my until
my hair was like this weird frozen thing
orbiting my head and I used to my
sleeves would be so full of snow that
I'd knock on the door with my with my
shirt and all the skin had peel off my
feet from my old frostbite I stay out
all day when I was a little snow was
sledding is good for a kid for Deltans
more of a pain in the neck so you got to
dig everything out
and we're doing awful I'm not a snow
hater I mean a fresh snow is nice but
then it turns all slushy and slippery
and icy and I'm a hater 100% a hater of
snow dealing with snow why don't you get
fall it can be pretty dealing with it
because you always have to deal with it
they won't know if you would ever move
to LA for what I know it's really
expensive to live there until they have
to be enough money involved to justify
it and as long as it's assuming that I
don't have enough money to hop on
airplanes all the time I'd kind of like
to stay within distance to be capable of
visiting my parents for as long as
they're around dogs romp well yeah this
dog I mean ten years from now that dog
is not likely to be around he's in great
shape but he's a large breed dog and
he's middle-aged and yeah but yes I
would definitely like to be able to see
the dog sometimes just the one - you
don't you know give two fucks about the
other one oh I like his dad zip school
too
come on you know I like everything that
even resembles a dog I'm totally a dog
person what's the dog's name
Bentley is the Sun and zipper is his dad
and nobody believes that that's his dad
because family's huge and zippers not
just medium to large then Bentley's well
over a hundred pounds
they said what if you can get more work
as a voice actor rich since you're
working with DreamWorks TV now I don't
know what that means just one voice for
somebody one senator that I'm working
working with it's not like white line
but like telecommute for voice work
anyway I mean does anybody need to be in
the same room as anybody no I'm not I'm
not attempting to be like a big-name
voice actor people have asked me to do
things and I've agreed do rich and do do
we own any pets together yes we have a
bunch but none of them are mammals I got
fish yeah
in shrimp and some snails we have things
that go in a tank full of water yeah
water plants we have a 15 gallon tank
with Daniels danios are assholes and a
beta and the beta like doesn't have any
reasonable fear he keeps trying to ever
I have my handed there he always thinks
my hand is food as far as he's concerned
so he's always chasing my hand around
and trying to jump out of the water to
get food out of my hand
why had somebody shot through the
liveries fresh water why does somebody
shocked that we snails in an aquarium
somebody's sending snail yes we've got
the the 15 gallon has a mystery snail
and two Amano shrimp and the little
snail has Cory cats the little snow the
little bug the other tank the small tank
Dario's dant with Dario's what a they
call Dario's the little orange guys the
banding that demanded yes
scarlet bandhas or some yeah and red
little tiny red shrimp and blue shrimp
ponds snails who were kind of leaving
alone because we hear they can become a
real pain in the neck but right now
they're they're acting like Roombas to
take care of all the algae and live
plants
and what else oh and in Guppies and one
one Danny oh who the other danios always
want to try and kill so we've moved him
in there with a gull piece he's got what
I but he's still made it just to be a
pain of the butt to the guppy sometimes
hey choose door number one door number
two or the mystery snail I think I would
probably choose whatever's behind door
number one or door number two
although mystery snails are fun to watch
they're very athletic and snails go well
they're always climbing up and down to
plants and stuff anonymous says rich if
you could be a voice actor for a cartoon
animal character what type of animal
would you prefer human oh come on
use your imagination why would I care
what kind of animal I voiced I don't
know you could have said something
sarcastic like a shrimp something that
doesn't have a voice the shrimp are knio
knio car Deena I think cherry shrimp and
blue velvet I think yeah same species
as far as I know in the 10 gallon and in
the 15 gallon their Amano shrimp the
algae shrimp do the shrimp wear crowns
and carry tiny Trident that would be so
awesome but no she can't convince them
to
Tripper are a lot of fun to watch they
they have little things on their
underside so they can swim with plus
they can walk around their little legs
plus their their mouth parts are kind of
legs so they're always moving something
around and they've got long antennae
that they check stuff out with they said
you should be a grumpy cat the grumpy
cat movie who should play you and your
bio doc can you play yourself
you can then always seems weird what's
your favorite item combo so far
I enjoy the twin daggers and I like the
big broadsword fresh combos I can and I
like pretty much the eye screen aids and
anything but if I can get plus damage on
anything frozen you know win I have to
agree that shrimp are delicious
especially if they're breaded in coconut
flakes
rabbit's nails I have never heard of
rabbits nails is that a real thing Chris
Evans is rich Evans Oh Lord that would
be funny
well you'd be wistful dreaming of what
could be could have been he doesn't have
your personality is he's much more
charming he's optimistic doom it up is
listed I don't know what it's listed on
but dude whoever did doom it up I love
it if they're here to hear about it
good job snails tastes like mushrooms
I've only ever had snail once and it was
in butter and garlic which is usually
how I have mushrooms so maybe that's why
the taste it alike but I don't know what
they taste like
you know just snail really chewy as I
recall
they said they'd love to hear Chris
Evans attempt to do your laugh that
would be cute
none of the dumb men I'm gonna horrible
electronic recreation of my laughs oh my
god Ben oh god what's the r2d2 guys Ben
and Bert's rabid snails think cornucopia
with bright yellow body so they're
conical yeah what's the Star Wars sound
effect guys his name cuz I'm picturing
him like mixing like different animal
sounds together to get my laugh like
throw some orangutan in there donkey
you gotta mention something pleasant I
was being self depreciated something
nice you could have I'm sorry
something something beautiful a unicorn
or flower flower doing your laugh sound
like jungle bird yeah there you go like
a an African Gray doing nurses laughs oh
my god somebody needs to teach an
african braid to do richest laughs and
to do oh my god someone wants an
animated unicorn voice by rich Evans
well you could make one yourself do I
remember the time I first heard Rich's
laughs no yeah
that's Bryce I've known rich awhile
any thoughts in the new truck series I'm
intrigued it might suck but I'm still
intrigued yeah I might get four ten
minutes of it decided I hate it but I
still want to see it other than the name
Star Trek I'm not sure what I'm supposed
to look forward to it's gonna be some
season long boring story about these
weird Klingons that look nothing and
nothing like Klingons rather than a you
know a Star Trek show do I remember the
first time rich Evans fell down and said
oh my groin I don't think that has ever
come up in real life
eight dollars a month to watch Star Trek
is there gonna be a pay only thing yeah
well not sure if I can be bothered for
that there like some kind of a HBO
special Channel or CBS all access oh
yeah I don't know if I can be bothered
but I might be bothered to spend a
dollar 99 to buy one episode in Amazon
and see if I hate it assuming that
that's a viable option
I mean not necessarily pirated I mean
like I said a lot of a lot of shows that
are unlike HBO and stuff you can you can
buy episodes of on Amazon and I would
spend a dollar ninety nine to find out
whether or not I hate the new Star Trek
show I'm farm were stand-in Seth
MacFarlane's the Orval guys everything
about doing saltwater reef tape mine
just got to the point where I can start
coral snails two words a countermand
crabs pistol shrimp paired with a goby
fish pistols I know they perform a
badass cavitation bubble if we we
currently live in an apartment we have
limited space right someday maybe yeah
plus our landlord probably wouldn't like
it if we had like a hundred gallons of
saltwater or something but yeah someday
I mean definitely we would eventually
like to get a house and we would like to
put a decent size saltwater aquarium in
there for sure
I Jack have fun drive safe
but yeah I mean Oh saltwater take would
be awesome and Rich's talked about
wanting to get one at some point it's
just they're expensive - yeah they're
expensive I know there's a lot of
logistics involved and whatnot it's it's
not gonna happen any time soon but yeah
someday definitely something we wouldn't
mind potentially dealing with at some
point in the future how about some nice
house plans they don't require 100
gallons well we've kind of got some
house plants it's just their house
plants are gonna decide yeah we've got a
bunch of plants inside the ten gallon
tank with the Nano fish feet that's you
know a little tiny shrimp there and
species of fish that stays small but one
of those pet rocks just had to put it
down I'm sorry for your loss and we're
talking about the problems we're having
with our wounded Daniel tell the whole
story about the wounded Daniel oh yes
Danny owes a schooling fish
well shoaling fish okay I'll explain
what sure like is rather than just a
schooling fish go ahead well I guess it
is between the shoaling fish and
schooling fish is showing Fisher fish
you like to hang out with other fish to
their species as opposed to being like
solitary like a betta and schooling fish
are the ones that actually kind of are
organized and moved together okay and so
we have the 15 gallon we had the 15
gallon tank first and I got some you
know it's all the plants are like glow
reactive plants and we got some glow
fish danios and a beta and in the two
shrimp and the snail actually our first
snail got caught in the filter and
passed away and we got a different snail
but mysteries now so Daniels are kind of
assholes and they're they're kind of
mean to each other like they just kind
of like to chase each other and I don't
know if this Daniel was born with one
eye if it had one eye when we when it
came to us but one day we noticed it's
only got one eye and the other Daniel's
were just
chasing it around and stuff and we felt
bad forward but it mostly kind of hid in
the back of the back of the tank and
seemed to be doing okay so basically
they're harassing this thing they were
asking this thing to death so it was
hiding from it's at school and shoal and
so when we lost our first snail we felt
really bad about that and we put this
mesh thing over the filter intent what
happened again so we see yeah so we
wouldn't lose another snail that way so
one day we we know we noticed that the
Danielle would he wasn't doing so well
it's the other nails were picking on him
we noticed one day that he was inside
the mesh and we thought that he was dead
he looked dead he looked at so we
emptied him out of the mesh so that we
could we could get get him out of the
tank
and he was like swimming not very well
but swimming actin half dead
so we thought we thought well we'll
leave him in the tank until he either
expires or gets better well we looked
into the tank later the same day and
they had eaten half of his fucking tail
he definitely had all of his tail
earlier that day and we're like they're
gonna kill him so we put it I didn't
want this poor fish to die I felt I felt
awful for him yeah so we'll put it in a
little isolation tank and that's you
know when we decided we're gonna set up
a ten Gail and we'll put it in there
with some nice peaceful Guppies it'll be
fine yeah so we nursed this fish back to
health
its tail grew back what's held Rebekah's
I did not yeah and we put her in the new
tank with these Guppies like okay he'll
be he'll be fine he'll be fine
then this one I Danny Oh starts chasing
all the Guppies around yeah he won't
play nice with the guppy he starts
biting their tails and I don't I don't
know what what to do with this point
because we tried putting him back with
the rest of the danios and they nearly
killed him again we don't want to
permanently keep him in a two and a half
gallon tank it's not especially nice for
him it's not especially nice half of
that thing on our counter and dealing
with it and so we were starting to think
about well how do you euthanize we have
it do we have to put this fish down yeah
is it best for this fish and everybody
volved because we're not gonna have him
sitting in the danio tank and getting
torn apart by the danios so so Karen
Karen brooches this subject she's
actually the one to bring it up yeah you
know maybe we should euthanize it and
you know I'm in the other room doing
something else and I I I kind of yell
out to Karen who's in the kitchen how do
you euthanize a fish Karen turned the
garbage disposal on at that exact moment
trying to turn on the light of the
kitchen so that I could see and I
accidentally hit the switch next to the
light which is a switch for the garbage
disposals so rich is like how do you
euthanize a day or two years I guess you
do it with clove oil or vodka and he has
been he has been behaving himself
reasonably well with the Guppies so he
gets literally yeah we tried putting him
back in with the danios and they chased
him into a corner and he was just kind
of swimming in a - it early he wouldn't
leave this like two-inch area yeah round
him so yeah his name is Lemmy and if you
want to adopt a one-eyed we don't know
you you might be fish cruel cruel
seriously put a blender no but take
about back with a shotgun
I've heard people like killing fish with
like by just smashing them and stuff
yeah I don't know where we're hoping
that we don't have to kill the Danny oh
the only red on the door yeah seems to
be getting along well enough yeah every
now and then he'll chase one around but
yeah constantly as long as he's not not
making the Guppies miserable or
destroying their tails
we can't have him in the tank with the
other danios because they want to kill
him
donate him to the local Petco he's got
one eye they'll just put him down yeah
that's the thing if he if he had two
eyes we would you know consider just
take him to a pet store and and maybe
with different social dynamics in a
different tank he would have an easier
time right we actually did that with one
of the Danny I was one of the when we
first got the danios one of the danios
and only one of them would leave the
betta over-aggressive yeah super
aggressive to everything in that tank
including the betta right who was really
chill so we took him back to the pet
store but he had two eyes the pet store
doesn't disagree I they'll never know
you know there was an article that I was
reading online where somebody gotta put
a prosthetic eye in a fish but it was a
much bigger fish according to the
article the other fish see that is
happening I though they know it's weig
they know to attack it on that side yeah
is that like a fairly big aquarium I
think and what other fish was getting
harassed that only had one eye and they
had a fair amount of money because they
were able to think about prosthetic eyes
for a fish
of course I think the vet gave him some
kind of a discount because you know they
wanted to try it anonymous says would
you feel honored cheated or disappointed
if Disney inserted an rlm easter egg
like an alien that looks like plinkus
having eaten at one of the new Star Wars
films I wouldn't bother me I was
watching something don't remember what
it was but watching some online internet
thing and then all of a sudden riches
voice showed up going oh my god
the middle of like like one of the
science show kind of things not scishow
necessarily but something like that and
it was like whoa I was expecting to see
him
Disney did like a jargon you guys didn't
they look like a Disney animated Disney
themselves I don't know they're
officially sanctioned but no one of
their animators did did we sell the
poster of it yeah did did an image of
the red letter media people it was
pretty cool they want riches oh my god
to become the new Wilhelm scream that
would be cool watch him like a Star Wars
movie and when somebody gets poked they
go oh my god
Home Depot does it with flowers with
cactus they grow they glue flowers on
them to sell more that's not unusual
like pet stores inject fish with dye and
stores dye flowers and stuff this is not
going well people do weird cosmetic
stuff too living things to make them
look better to get people to buy them
that's why we went with the danios like
I guess some species of fish they inject
them with dye which seems cruel and
doesn't even last very long danios
their genetic little genetic the glofish
danios their little genetic freaks but
doesn't seem like it's painful for them
or anything rich Evans feels neither
pain nor pleasure he's a game playing
machine bride only to entertain I don't
think dye is inhumane for fish it's just
I think they stick like hypodermic send
them to get it in there which just seems
painful but I could be the stain you're
talking about tiny fish yeah we're not -
and we're not talking about glofish
danios because they're the genetic
freaks yeah
did I ever own a Venus flytrap I did and
it used to eat fireflies sometimes and
they would glow inside of it and it was
really kind of cool looking not as Tiny
as a Paramecium you could have a pet
Paramecium you could have a zillion pet
paramecium's but you need to make a
microscope to see them they think you
would enjoy axiom verge whatever that is
all right all right now bucktooth bats
trying to die peacefully while playing
this I don't care if they do maybe
they're flying mole-rats the stage is
going awful
tell the stories of a younger rich and
how we change over the years
have you changed no like a rock
I well he's got a little bit little bit
smarter and more practical there was the
time that you went down down the stairs
at your grandmother's house in a
wheelchair and then you filmed that you
did it again so you could film it a
second time she didn't like the first
take
something about right-to-left scrolling
that feels wrong no I've heard this
complaint before would rich be
considered a reliable blue-collar worker
in his current job I know that I'd call
your work blue-collar creating thought
right now yeah is that white-collar
either in when rich has worked more in
more traditional industries his
employers have always liked him his
co-workers have liked him he's reliable
I think they probably would have liked
to have cloned him at that that yeah
yeah I'm job two towns over from where
we were living before
have you ever seen a scoffs that's some
kind of dirty word I've never heard of
another fucking reference the best the
worst ghost is rlm richest day job well
what would his night job even rich
where's various hats is rich one of
those overachievers every employer tries
to exploit possibly yeah do I like ska I
haven't heard much the only thing I've
heard that I like Rocksteady I've heard
stuff by the Mighty Mighty Bosstones and
the stuff I heard I wasn't crazy about
but I don't feel like I have a good
enough exposure to it to say they say
they thought you worked at a tollbooth
The Phantom Tollbooth Tom's festival
planner original thought the entire fan
base is body not one fucking original
thought I was Operation Ivy consider sky
I thought that was more like punk I
liked that one song they have all I know
is that I don't know nothing
No things are getting tough when you
can't get the top off the bottom of the
barrel stuff that I can't understand
that he's saying now it's yeah that's it
one more I like that song one more run
than maybe something else this'll be
well I don't know about tums festivals
but I heard that the Carmex plant is in
Franklin Wisconsin which is a suburb of
Milwaukee and I'm kind of a chapstick
addict so I totally want to go on a tour
if they have one I'm singing in your ear
hole I like to refer to them as hear
holes because you hear hear out of them
in their holes honestly I don't remember
any songs from Linkin Park but something
tells me that's probably for the best
I think they had some kind of hit that I
heard that was okay I can't really
remember
feels that that me or J should pick a
game we want to play well the thing is
we've already ascertained you're not
much of a game but I'm not much of a
gamer and that I tend to get bored with
games and don't necessarily want to play
them for the length of a stream Alissa's
Animal Crossing but who wants to watch
me walk around and look for fossils in
my town or rearrange my virtual
furniture how many people want to watch
me do this shit no idea not many
comments were always about how boring
they think the game were playing is to
watch and these days whatever game it is
animal crossing stream wind you know it
Jeff does have the thing you could put
the DES on there yeah you show you my
town spruce it up a little would you be
able to get your save file on there
pardon would you be able to get your
save on his deus I don't know how that
works well the the save lives on the on
the car so I just pull the card out of
mine and put it in his IV tire doing a
count or something or I don't know no I
don't think so I think if I throw it and
throw my cartridge in a different des
that'll work just the same yeah a little
hard drive something it's like an SD
card kind of thing but it's for prior to
her of course its proprietary
it's fucking Nintendo right but I mean I
don't think I don't think the Kart the
cartridge cares what what console I'm
throwing it in as long as it's a
Nintendo DS 3ds or two Deus
yeah the game cartridges aren't aren't I
know they're they're not actual SD cards
but they're they're small in there what
solid state or whatever and they're
removable there's something that looks a
lot like an SD card and probably works a
lot like one but yeah there are
proprietary cartridge that Nintendo
makes if I tried Harvest Moon or stardew
valley rich has been try a little bit
rich has been trying to get me hooked on
them for years cuz he loves them hasn't
worked hasn't worked it's not a thing
have you guys heard Kevin Conroy Batman
vo from the animated series read the
Harvey Dent scene from The Dark Knight
no it's kind of awesome says Jen as it
probably is he's the best Batman
hands-down Christian Bale's fucking
awful oh I got nothing to get started
eval a I have never gotten too much into
it then Harvest Moon is sturdy really
seem like things I would like I just for
some reason I've never quite gotten into
him maybe sometime I will Karen that's
capital offense not getting into
something somebody else likes what's
wrong with you what's wrong with you our
cellphones getting bigger again I don't
know cuz screen size because they're the
computers now I mean my phone's mine is
a 4.7 inch and I think it's bordering on
too big and that's not an especially
large cell phone if I tried tasting the
cards for the Nintendo switch I did it
tasted like bitter apple the stuff he
used to stuff you're supposed to use to
discourage dogs from chewing on things
but when Bentley was a puppy he really
didn't give a shit about bitter Apple
however we gave him some Tabasco sauce
on a finger and he was like oh this
smells good this smells like it would
taste good and once he realized how
painful it was all you had to do was
anoint whatever it was with a little bit
of Tabasco sauce and he would leave
alone if it smelled like Tabasco sauce
he figured it smelled like pain and that
was it
good yeah good you cause that dog pain
no I caused him to think that anything
that smelled like Tabasco sauce was
going to cause him pain that's how they
got your niece to stop swearing she was
little ow
yeah repeatedly causing kids pain within
their mouth doesn't seem very nice we
caused the dog pain in his mouth once to
teach him that that smell was associated
with pain so that he wouldn't chew
things that were either valuable or
liable to cause him harm
I consider it worth it anonymous says
rich and Karen need advice my girlfriend
wonders about me because it's a long
distance that she knows I'm friends with
a girl wanted to date never dated she
has a boyfriend how do I show my
girlfriend I love her again I don't know
I was hoping I was waiting to see what
you would say it's been time with her
yeah this long-distance yeah so that I
don't know how to help I don't know how
I'm make somebody trust him and if
you've never been unfaithful you've been
hurt before have you been unfaithful to
her before or did somebody else before
all right I've never distrusted rich
even when we were distant yeah
neither one of us is a player yeah
you're not either than you know
hopefully with time your girlfriend Oh
relax
one more run or or do we do another game
once is Friday the 13th somebody else
says Tom's mega maker another game time
for Friday Friday the 13th do Friday
another game another game play play as
says Friday the 3rd different game or
FTL mega maker f13 XCOM to FTL we need
to poo the video game that sounds
adorable FTL different game Friday
XCOM FTL Friday Friday Friday I see a
lot of f13 their blood and with some of
the FTL's though Karen what do you think
there are more of I think I'm sick of
looking at Friday the 13th personally f
13 is different every game there are
different random things Friday the 13th
they're always running around either
trying to hurt people are trying to
avoid being hurt Sony getting a
strawpoll up already the 13th the series
flip a coin the one with Jason P ubg
know they have the 10th of Gargan joke
anyway Karen and I are on the same page
with regards to f13 alright somebody
play a word game
did somebody get a straw poll up I don't
think anybody does have a strong like
strung all up oh no one's coming up and
I click on me yeah yeah trying to
fucking around they have garbage listed
on there the only two valid options are
over DL or Friday the 13th
okay FDLR if there does else I'm not yet
yep I'm gonna here's all right keep that
keep that leg to the straw pull up I am
going to use the restroom do you need
anything um if you got any diet pop I
don't think we do I'll doll check check
I will check cuz I brought an energy
drink but it's not diet so once it
started to cool down I'm like you sugar
cookie alright I'm gonna check for drink
and go to the bathroom
when I get back I'm going to check that
strawpoll okay and then I'll go to the
bathroom let's see if there's any diet

[Part II]
I didn't see anything there's no diet
pop nope I'll see what kind of beer
they've got I was telling I was telling
them about the about these shopping cart
Corral's at the pick and save and how
they say things like people in Wisconsin
are nice and they returned their calls
their cards or something like they
pulled the state pride thing you know
like card Corral's and it's a little bit
strange
all right is the weirdest thing it is
what's the pulsar results 5050 literally
5050 31 and 31 there have been 62 votes
I don't know if there have been 62
Voters I'm not sure oh wow well we can
wait until I don't know uh I even I
played Friday the 13th in like a week
either go ahead play it if you like it
play it talking to them sure they're
probably getting tired of listening to
me yeah you could check on you things
people of Maryland you can get tattoos
of the state that's weird but I knew a
girl who got a the outline of minister
yeah Minnesota tattooed behind her ear
so every damn woman at the run fair was
tenant tatted up so many tats but they
were interesting I'm not saying the word
interesting this is like a trend have
you seen the new oops where to go go go
where's the hey where's the tip he
thinks okay
have you seen the new Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles summer short series on
Nick are multiple polls that's a
different take from various artists to
brighten our days please watch and maybe
it will produce a laugh what wish I
think there are multiple polls because
you said and a bunch of people complied
okay mmm time I mean I don't think
there's like an official poll creator
designee person I'll be back so much
antifreeze what do you what are you
doing I'm not 100% sure probably did
some dogs mouth I'll rub it all over
your head and give you energy well it's
never stopped you before
I just want you to close chatty outs a
little let me move it windows why is
this you saw my dog why the other day
for the first time in about six months
and the dog got so excited it just sat
on the floor barking just laying on the
floor go he loves you all right I can't
shut Chad he's not letting me move it
well that's yeah I know I can't do that
but that's irrelevant it's running but
it's not running what if I just click on
it again
there we go just as good
they're easy-peasy God Lagarde says
sorry that West tip was mine about the
TMNT accidentally hit the anonymous
button just wanted to add that DC
Universe Online is still available for
the ps4 it is currently free you fucks
okay
skip the intro I always get the intro
have you seen the new TMNT summer short
series on Nick lots of different takes
from various artists to brighten our
days please watch and maybe it will
produce some laughs yeah I should take a
look at that I have not seen it though
for what it's worth
I'm so I'm gonna start with game my own
just just a warm-up it's like I said I
haven't played this in a while now and
let me make sure my yep push-to-talk
I already got weirdos in the lobby
wouldn't wouldn't be Friday the 13th of
that weirdos in the lobby you see my
perks got a free slot
he's my perks it's rare but it's not
well overuse
do you find something you're liking oh
good
should be bottle openers all over the
place
maybe name-o we should all right I found
a ski mask
kill them all Jason and my right stick
isn't working oh great I have a broken
controller okay I have broken controller
you got other controller don't you this
is Wade it might correct it so nope hmm
Jason seek knows the secret weakness he
can't turn left
oh oh I can't put traps them I used to
play in this way but what do we got when
we got our where is that fucker I know
he's got the how I run like this and I'm
cheese
somebody suggested that the keyboard is
turning my control it's time to worry
about it don't have time to worry about
it
did you read trouble am reading nothing
right now because I am busy I see nobody
says finally got around to catching a
live stream after 2 years here's a tip
thank you help distract me from the fact
that both my current house got flooded
this weekend Oh No
that sucks
I'm a bitch you stopped in front of me
to pick up a thing Oh God not used to
playing with a keyboard a mouse for this
game ok mango flavored IPA is really
good Bo's not down there is it
yeah the battery
which button is my map all right that
one I guess I think they're finding it
interesting that you are having trouble
with a keyboard and mouse in sure
because I can't rebind controls so I
usually play this game with a fucking
controller I am not at all used to using
WASD I use keyboard and mouse just not
WASD specifically
that's my boy
hunt them down and make them pay
who was he streaming with his alter-ego
hi
how much does fancy Karen
oh that would be cool so this change the
window kill and make it smash the guy's
head off like he'd get what to the a be
nice some games for the 3ds well it may
not be your thing but I am a huge fan of
Animal Crossing new leaf oh that's
interesting I wouldn't even think that
was possible but apparently it is yeah
Mario game on there the Super Mario
World - its kind of fun - what is the
most scared
I don't know I've been pretty nervous
than there have been tornado warnings or
tonight awhat morning you know what not
watches warnings I grew up a couple
doors down from the tornado sirens so a
water tower with a neighbor siren on it
so I was always when I was a kid it was
always on those rare occasions and
living in the Midwest when you get a
tornado warning and there's a siren we
going going off four doors down it was
kind of bone-chilling yeah as a kid they
seemed so scary and so likely and
everything especially because you know
my house in my school were kind of
equidistant from the tornado siren and
not far I grew up across the street from
from a playground that was like the
playground for the school to combat
stats and also a field but uh and a kid
I guess you think that they're really
likely and as you get older you realize
that most people you know I've never
even seen a tornado and while they're
reasonably common most of the months
deadly in the odds of you getting killed
by a tornado or actually pretty small
but when you're a kid it seems
reasonably large and realistic
on the other hand they used to work for
a dentist whose house got destroyed
while he was in it and the siblings were
in it by a tornado but nobody died that
was in Oakland in the sixties
they said it that that at the at the end
of the best the worst should get to
destroy the game controller
you might try to fix it first but I
don't know how expensive the particular
game controller that he has is but that
might be one way to get get it out of
its misery if it is in fact broke well I
imagine if you live in a place where
there's monsoon you probably don't get a
ridiculous amount of flooding in houses
unless it's like a really poor area
where nobody could afford to have
infrastructure because you probably
planned things with some kind of
drainage because it's an inevitability
that you can have a monsoon earlier
you watched Dunkirk in 70-millimeter
yesterday does it look different than it
does like the digital regular version I
mean that's cool but they still make it
for that but I mean doesn't actually
look different we saw it like a week ago
and it wasn't okay movie I mean I think
it was it's a good movie but a little
dark
you murderer you wore a sec isn't it
just you'd think that as a species we
would have gotten past the whole
let's kill each other in groups because
stuff
yeah I heard the the fuel thing was
inaccurate but you know they're trying
to edge mama and you can understand why
they did it it's a it's a device and the
idea of oh yeah I got enough film to fly
over the damn Atlantic I got enough got
enough fuel to fly over the damn
Atlantic it just doesn't have the same
drama to it the way the Martian wouldn't
have had any any drama if it was like
the fact that tornados and Mars are
really no big deal because there's
hardly in the atmosphere the quarter of
the British soldiers at Dunkirk were
Indian or black I guess and thought
about it but yeah I guess it is kind of
a monochromatic cast there's a Halloween
six
they said they've never seen you so
evenly matched I am playing crippled he
has this incredibly weird focused look
at his face like this is very deadly
serious lives are at stake
there's a Halloween eight how many Fri
how many uh Nightmare on Elm streets are
there there's still a new Halloween for
you
there's a Halloween I hope you're making
that up my goodness
they show French African soldiers and
Dunkirk I mean did they did they draft
people from Algeria wasn't it like the
province of France but he didn't suffer
like them
was that after this
why is everything blurry
that's me some other time
yeah it's a various perk but I'm really
not all that entertaining
I just hope that I'm better than nothing
there were Indians in the war yeah I
wonder how that works how the how the
colonies played in with all that
what happens if they knock your mask off
I could potentially die I can't fix this
fucking controller issue who's Jason
schizophrenic I'm suing somebody got off
my boat oh it's no big bird I have not
seen the new Planet of the Apes nobody
got out I saw the old one in like the
whole thing I wish I had brought
earplugs so the entire thing was like
that guy screaming in the megaphone like
I have sensitive hearing and I'm
chatting weird I can't do anywhere plugs
the movies I forgot the magic I can't do
anything if people drop out of the game
that's that's not really what saying I
my score here all right you can't
control that I just want to know why
this controller doesn't want to work
right your uh your DVDs look nice all
lined up like that do you do that thank
you yeah they're all like it's kind of
overlapping in space yeah instead of
having them all like pushed over to the
sides they've got more capacity them
they've got like if they had them all
spine out they wouldn't cover all the
shelves so rich has them kind of like
like tiled like overlapping each other
like roof tiles and it looks really nice
restart the game I could try that I
could try that I suggested that you
unplug the controller I did that didn't
do anything and they're seeing something
about Jack having Munchausen by proxy
and I have no idea what that means or
maybe they're talking about their like a
lying kind of thing this it's a
psychological thing which Esther's
wouldn't you intend to have an illness
yeah much hosted by proxy is when you
pretend your child has an illness great
right now I'm trying to figure out why
my controllers no yes yes there is a
version of it without proxy where it's
the person acting
like that the that they have the
condition rather than acting like their
child has a condition
I say roof instead of roof
I also say leg an egg which people think
is weird I think I got that from parts
of my family being from the South but I
say peg wolf wolf off the roof roof
Creek and route accepted when you're
talking about route 66 egg yeah I know
people say egg but I've always said egg
and leg
hey the Fond say there's like a bronze
statue of the Fonz over by the river
into Waukee it's kind of of testily
awesome roots tree roots
about my Canadian wash you see why you
married rich and we both say words funny
and get criticized for it yeah yeah
sometimes I criticize it probably says
words everyone does like he has a
tendency to say stand them oh give me
that give me that lark listen Henry
Winkler Jewish playing in to tell you
just gonna sit there impossible and bury
me
oh yeah it's a dialectical difference
there is no wrong except for stannum
understand
that's just a riches
ah Karina
I'll say it bad that anything did
anything to what my controller problems
I know you're not paying any attention
to the stream itself that's fine I'm
paying attention to the stream you think
that's the important thing Chad we're
engaged we're not married I need to get
off my ass and yes you do
and I hate planning stuff I hate
planning do you just want to go to the
justice of the peace I think it's
probably what's gonna end up at an with
that I'm fine with this yeah I'll give
everybody month's notice this is what
it's gonna be if you want to be in the
audience and go find a judge it's
probably gonna come down to that and
that's fine I mean like my dad got
married by the Justice of Peace both
times shoulder buttons are working
reception I'm thinking actually like
just a potluck I'm cheap I don't know
I'm like the opposite of a bridezilla
I'm not into ceremony or for the most
part getting dressed up last time I got
really ridiculously dressed up was when
I was at my sister's wedding as a
bridesmaid and basically I just said do
whatever you want to with me and next
thing I knew I had and I know because I
took them out and they gave me a giant
headache three rubber bands and 51 bobby
pins in my hair
but pride Mothra that would be awesome
or a bride Gamera no way no you're right
I think it about guardians of the galaxy
Gamora registered for gifts I'm not I
mean we got stuff we're not we're not
twenty you know we got crap blenders and
all that stuff I mean I'm just asked
when we do when I do get around her
getting it done and people just come
bring themselves you have to bring me
presents bride gambhira would just throw
a tantrum and retreat in New Rochelle I
truly want to see
like I don't know if they have a reality
TV show about bridezillas they probably
do but I want to see that mashed with
the Godzilla characters because that
would be so awesome how much this dream
of the wedding we do if we offered once
I forgot what it was I think it was was
it ten thousand chatter was at thirty
thousand that if they donated that much
I would secretly tape our wedding
without telling you for like thirty
thousand dollars I suspect like Justice
of the Peace weddings are pretty short
and sweet because suggestions a piece
has to go and Judah Kate divorces
custody hearings or whatever it is they
adjudicate but yeah I hate planning
stuff that's mostly it and then I gotta
go do like those it's my fault
yeah my cousin got married in Metallica
themed wedding and wedding cake and now
they're divorced a high school friend of
mine got married with a Star Wars themed
wedding they made everybody in the
wedding party dress up like it was Star
Wars they made her father dress up like
he was Darth Vader excuse me
they named their child's middle name
Jedi why hi one thing what if they grow
up to hate Star Wars no no babies in our
future what did that kid grows up to
hate Star Wars not as bad as Anakin at
least middle
he could lie people say well what does
it stand for
you're gonna be like Joseph if you're
gonna name your kid after a Star Wars
character don't name that after a
character who's no it's still not all
right I don't know how much Friday the
13th I'm going to play tonight
I'm just named after a hot sexy French
actor my mother was looking for
something that went with my other names
but it's actually a masculine spelling I
kind of want to see if I get any game to
work with the stand controller now the
kid is almost certainly certain to get
middle-school ass beatings actually I
think he's in high school now she had
her kids pretty young so I hate WASD
bound do it Richard hates sequels so
much he won't make a sequel to himself I
was at a seventh birthday party
yesterday pool party kids were given
squirt guns can confirm children were
terrible other than getting people what
what can you really do with a squirt gun
or should I be afraid to ask
yes I'm just a fuckton exactly people
generally don't know your middle name
and like when I put my like I remember
when I graduated high school you could
put your middle name you could you could
leave your middle name off or or you
could have him read it off as just the
letter I mean Jay what would assume it
was John or Joseph lying on keyboard
what button is just the trot squirt gun
pistol whippings oh no I thought maybe
they just you know stuck it up each
other's noses or something I don't want
to sprint I just want to do the fucking
trot aah
what is the ETA of space cop 2 I think
there any plans are there god these well
these bindings are stupid anyway they
said to tell you it's X why is it X
at least in toggles that's what she said
I think we have enough F is flashlight
they said and then they said alt f4 just
remap the controls duh I don't think he
can do that they don't need them they
don't let you remap the controls in this
fucking game because they're fucking
dumb devs your sister's wedding played
the theme the Battlestar Galactica
that's cool
Rich's sister's wedding featured a cake
that had badgers and mushrooms because I
guess there's a badger badger badger
badger mushroom mushroom internet thing
that I didn't know about until I looked
it up later
I'd hug him but he's got this serious
look on his face like like the world
will die in nuclear holocaust if he
doesn't get this right I could fight any
person in history who would I fight
somebody small and weak because I'm not
a terribly large person myself playing
this game with controls I am completely
fucking unfamiliar with for no good
reason
maybe Helen Keller because you really
can't see you or hear you calming Rosa
Parks Rosa Parks would probably kiss my
kick my butt yeah Lincoln had some real
long arms
it was the better slasher villain Jason
Voorhees or Michael Myers Jason Voorhees
it makes for a better Halloween costume
so you're saying Rosa Parks was a
peaceful resistance type good for her
yeah I've heard Lincoln could you know
Chapel would really good and all kinds
of stuff you probably had big muscles
Rosa Parks Rosa Parks where's Martin
Martin Luther King Cole I'm definitely a
fan of not being violent how tall was
Lincoln
how is there nothing in those drawers
III don't know
6 feet 30 inches he'd foot 3 no I don't
think so
Robert Wadlow maybe 6 4 it's pretty tall
what are my thoughts on Rob Zombie well
all I know about Rob Zombie is he's a
pretty good visual artist and he had
some good music
10:4 with the hat seriously the
interesting thing about Lincoln is that
they're all kind there's all kinds of
conjecture about what genetic diseases
he might have had that may or may not
have contributed to his height
see Martha is awesome because Martha is
a moth and to imagines a moth this is
supervillain
what music do we guys listen to what
missus do you listen to rich yeah
whatever
rich lakes nirvana yeah 90s grunts feed
like Creedence Clearwater Revival The
Doors I liked Gillian Welch and Old Crow
Medicine Show and the plastic Rock I
grew up on I don't know how to Radiohead
okay I'm the only one who's done
anything in this game oh definitely Pink
Floyd I saw Roger Waters like two weeks
ago in concert which was way too much of
his show was like this weird political
rant against Donald Trump and whatever
ones feelings about Donald Trump most
people don't go to a concert to watch a
commercial about Donald Trump but did a
lot of covers of Pink Floyd songs are
they covers if he was involved in the
first place they did a lot of people
heard songs people are alive
a guy from Lincoln Park suicided I'm
sorry I'm so did the guy from
Soundgarden sucks
yeah I'm not being political I'm just
saying that if you go to see Roger
Waters he's very political and that I
don't go to concerts to think about
politics
I think the most awesome thing about the
concert was they had like this like the
power station thing I'm not here but it
was like made out of like cloth or
something and they pulled it up and then
they had a you know they have those rich
remember we went to the Chicago Wolf's
games and they had like that like helium
original remote control they had one
that was shaped like a pig and one that
was shaped like an orb and that was
really awesome because you know flying
pig
yeah the pig drone
there's a band called power station
dirigible blimp sure Zeppelin if it's
got the metal thingy Oh which is
definitely a fantasy Floyd he didn't go
with me because a friend of mine wanted
to know if I wanted to go when we got
tickets and it's kind of a ladies night
thing that was you can't appreciate that
at all I know I know you can't
appreciate that went down my parents
house and you're just gonna keep you're
just gonna keep talking about Pink Floyd
that was my parents that was the most
single by the way the single most
amazing boat escape and this game of all
day talking about some kind of stupid I
wasn't matching bed you were on when you
were kids I don't give a shit amazing
they'll something like I might imagine a
sixer I never actually died yes yes
listen to the champ let me have my
moment I am the game extreme I read that
one then next to a cauldron in trouble
well you just shit on my parade oh you
did you just shit on my parade no I had
an amazing boat escape now you got me
all self-conscious about my laughs no
people love your laugh cables aid cures
cancer well I'll never forgive myself
thank you for coming to talk to the
people because I am a horrible co-op
okay encephalopathic encephalo pathetic
says I work in cancer research rich it's
true
and yes this is real laughs he's not
faking he breaks into it periodically
randomly like when I was reading I like
to read aloud to him and I was reading
um
let's explore diabetes with owls the the
David Sedaris book was it called I think
it's called let's explore diabetes with
owls something about diabetes what did
this one come oh that book yeah oh why
oh maybe five years ago oh yeah he's got
other stuff in here about that one
where David Sedaris fans you gotta
explain what David Sedaris David Sedaris
is a author and comedian and I highly
recommend the audiobooks because he
reads them aloud and he's got a really
funny weird voice and he just writes
stuff about his family who are if his
books are believed decidedly
dysfunctional and his bit about
Christmas and Santa Claus it's just
hysterical a bell though that's fucked
up I know that was in um we talk pretty
one day are you and why are you doing
this from big picture mode I'm not even
using the stupid controller
they say your laughs dazzles your round
belly which shakes off and fights the
diabetes and it's the only thing keeping
you alive yeah Amy Sedaris is pretty
funny too she was wasn't she and Kimmy
Schmidt I I don't know I'm trying dude
she was me no no she was a Muni United's
cephalo pathetic I've never heard of
Chuck tingle the name sounds like some
kind of double odd count or something I
don't know
Andy Sedaris he has a younger brother I
don't think the name was Andy so maybe
not well I wonder I wonder if this steam
big picture shit is what's wrong with my
fucking controller no rich just ever
read a confederacy of dunces which is a
documentary watcher and a online article
reader and he used to be a big book
reader but since the internet these
watches educational documentary Sarah
time to be fair I've never been a big
book RIA why you what's the last actual
book you read cover to cover
is it the Zombie Survival Guide I don't
know that's the last but why is it he
knows a ridiculous amount of stuff and
just absorb stuff from the internet it's
kind of scary can i permanently disable
big picture mode why is it when I go
shift-tab instead of going into the
normal menu why is it doing that big
picture like the core below go that
doesn't have a mouth I can't
Cobra Commander was awesome they're
asking about the confederacy of dunces
no I mean really know what that is I've
heard the name
today is the 31st anniversary of the
original Metroid well that makes me feel
old who books are now called meme list
text I read but not as much as I did
before the internet was around
CJ I was curious about it I know they
took your comment off I started to read
it and it's dreadfully boring also the
author is a very nice guy
oh is delivery is perfect
we were we were I was reading to him
from this thing from the let's explore
diabetes what that was about some kid
who had a flying squirrel trapped in his
bedroom and just the image of the
squirrel going take it out of here I
gotta get out of here it was just
fantastic
receive us I've been teasing rich with
it for days out of here get out of here
watch it why don't you read a passage
from the bar because they don't have it
with me oh you know if your tablet or
them I have my phone with me he's
reading audiobooks like hey you know it
might not be I wouldn't do it yeah I
don't know if reading passages from
books is kosher or not
make seein if my controller is working
I'll find you for another round my
controllers not working
still I might call it after this am i
your special lady friend never more than
that at this point
well I don't know if it would be legit
if I read a book to you because
copyright and all kinds of legal
bullshit but nobody can stop me from
reading aloud to rich and he likes I
like reading aloud to rich and sharing
stuff with him reading like the first
few chapters got a finish of the Neil
deGrasse Tyson book I read the entirety
of the Martian to him starship grifters
yeah were fans of Robert Crowe Z Krew Z
he's a an author who's published by
Amazon and his books are light-hearted
fun Blues Brothers or Ghostbusters
Ghostbusters Blues Brothers is still a
great film
especially from the Chicago area metal
operas battle opera lips videos were
Nathan explosion or in Shakespeare that
sounds interesting
all right Romeo deny thy father refused
to steam bullshit Jason twice tonight
that's that's unusual John Carpenter's
Halloween or Wes Craven's a Nightmare on
Elm Street Halloween named Baron Elm
Street even the first one was kind of
silly freshman wasn't silly enough I'm
not a big horror movie guy Blues
Brothers had Carrie Fisher and one of
her rare not Princess Leia rolls well
she missed that kid with a speech
impediment last time you were playing
this
don't go in there Chad Chad we're gonna
kill you the last time he played this on
a stream when I was here there was a
sound like a young boy playing with him
who had like the W our L speech
impediment thing and it was great he
just sounded so
do I like the Wisconsin Milwaukee area
Chicago area here's the thing we come
from the less fashionable south suburbs
of Chicago we were 25 miles or so out
from downtown Chicago we did not get
that much of an opportunity to actually
enjoy Chicago right now we're you know
less than 10 miles out from downtown
Milwaukee so Milwaukee's actually more
accessible even though it's a smaller
City so I'm really liking Milwaukee
because I mean you know I guess if money
were no option living in downtown
Chicago might be great but traffic's
better here and things are cheap or so
I'm liking it
the Northwest Suburbs
and you know what Northwest Suburbs are
actually easier to get to from Milwaukee
like if you want to go to the to like
gurney Mills Mall or something although
I'm not sure why you would because it's
like a giant out the mall now but it's
actually more accessible from Milwaukee
than it is from the south suburbs of
Chicago rich my brother was watching the
live stream the other day we're both
from Germany and huge RLM fans he
mentioned you in rich speak German we do
not we both studied it in high school I
somewhat more than he did I think he
just took a year of it we know a little
German
I am NOT capable of carrying on a
conversation in German the closest I
ever came was once when I was in Mexico
and our tour guide spoke broken English
and I was translating it for the benefit
of a couple of confused German tourists
into broken German
but yeah as far as German I I studied
for years of it in high school but high
school is a while ago now the anarchist
handbook is that like the Anarchist
Cookbook wasn't that like how to make
bombs or something Bad News Bears
kind of movie about baseball is
something
my name is yes I want to deep down a
little league team baseball the league I
don't think I've seen it it's like The
Mighty Ducks yes precedes it by like 30
years what's your favorite baseball
movie
sure I Friday the 13th the game the
female speaking is Rich's fiancee aka
Karen Rookie of the Year that's a good
movie major-league I love the part where
they're spitting and grabbing their
crotches have I ever been to California
Richard you ever been to California yeah
once I have never been farther west then
the suburbs of Milwaukee I'm never
walking up done like st. Louis Missouri
will I ever be on the best of the worst
episode possibly not the natural is cute
we used to go to this the baseball games
that the Windy City Thunderbolts Stadium
all the time and one day somebody
actually managed to break one of the
lights and they started playing the
music from the natural like they had a
cute probably for years waiting for the
opportunity because rich and I are kind
of minor-league unaffiliated baseball
nerds
we never missed an opportunity to be
well heard in anywhere near one to visit
a minor-league unaffiliated stadium
frontier league the Northwoods League
Northern League Black Cauldron I have
never seen it the Expos like the
Montreal Expos aren't they the Nationals
now what makes the Windy City Thunder
bolts different from major league
baseball as opposed to minor league
baseball Majan watching a game live five
feet away from where the players are
playing yeah imagine buying season
tickets and being able to get them in
the front row if you want for basically
less than the cost of buying tickets to
every game like at a discount season
tickets for less than one trip to a
major league ballpark all said and done
with parking and snacks it not only
doesn't cost $500 a seat it doesn't cost
$500 a season ticket and you can sit
right behind home plate and call your
own balls and strikes or anywhere else
you want to sit you can season tickets
anywhere they only have y'all may only
Stella for limited number of season
tickets the food is cheap the beer is
cheap unaffiliated minor league ball is
a whole lot of fun it really is and
we've got really into the thunderbolts
and in 2007-2008 they won their stare up
championship series do I prefer
unaffiliated minor-league baseball than
affiliated you know I've got nothing
against affiliated ball but we never
really lived that close I mean the King
County Cougars are fine that was the
closest to us but it wasn't that close
to us as we were living in southern Cook
in your wheel County but yeah I mean I
mean the it's just it's a lot of fun
it's inexpensive
it's chilled out they've got a lot of
silly promotions one of one day we found
ourselves me rich and my father wearing
a giant pair of stretchy oversized
cartoon underwear running a race against
three middle-aged ladies that we won
what do we get free pop or free tickets
or something I don't know but it's a lot
of fun I highly recommend minor league
ball unaffiliated minor league ball
college would bat league like the
Kenosha kingfish noble experienced a
speakeasy in San Diego if remember in
San Diego that sounds neat
do I play softball ever
I've never played anything baseball
related in any kind of organized way I
played soccer in high school and while I
wasn't the best soccer player in the
world I wasn't the worst either and I
liked it
they say you sound very feminine tonight
fuck you too just answer did you control
the door did they finally unearthed the
firecrackers what they went oh I don't
know I don't know am i interrupting
no no I'm just a little some get so
focused that's why I can't so last room
that's why I need you I need you baby
alien covenant I've never heard of it no
idea what it is
although I'm guessing it's probably
either horror sci-fi
there was just good at ventriloquism I
do not exist the Biergarten in San
Francisco if I had to think of what
place I would get good German beer at
San Francisco's the last place I've
actually expect would think you know I
know st. Paul or me Milwaukee I have
never seen female trouble I did the only
Roger Waters related film I've ever seen
this the wall and what I remember the
wall largely to be honest is that
crazy-assed remote control that he had
first television that was just so 70s
sorry gold antenna have you seen the new
Planet of the Apes trilogy no there's a
trilogy but they're just two of them
maybe there's three huh
what am i doing in Mexico with really
people John Waters and Roger Waters my
point the same golden tour yes also the
first one he said already eleven o'clock
yeah I think I'm done for the night
chicken flavored chicken you are not but
that's alright nobody else does either
they want to hurt you Jason
did we see a Planet of the Apes movie
together or was that I see that with
somebody else which you said what
somebody else is that the first one the
second one of the trilogy no idea no
idea right
are all three ones of the trilogy out
yet is it a trilogy
hell no this thing is a trilogy I know
there's one out now and I know I saw one
and I haven't seen this one and they
know there's one that came out a few
years ago kind of a bad way to end it
it was the one with the guy screaming in
the megaphone for two hours the second
one or the first one you know what the
one I saw had one of the monkeys was
like a good monkey and the rest of the
monkeys were bad monkeys and some guy
was yelling at a microphone all the time
sorry that was the second okay that
required my concentration I'll never
forgive you a little bit different ways
a counselor you playing say you're
juggling a lot well yeah because there's
only one Jason versus everybody yes yes
Oh dreamer okay I came in we came back
him back like a few minutes after that
stream I read the rest those names I am
caught up apes monkeys are lower in the
evolutionary ladder just above humans
all right yeah wherever we're done right
are you dumb that was that last match
frazzled my brain more than I thought it
would you looked so y so sorry it's
already starting I'm in for one more one
more round one more one more one more
one more less I'm Jason again I don't
feel like putting up with that encore
turn your head around there you go
now you click rich I want it off when I
know my hair's a mess your hair's fine
it's all kind of slicked back it's fine
I don't sense of the word but no every
time I've asked you've been you've been
pulling a technicality on my ass haven't
you my hair it's fine technicality on my
ass next time I'm gonna ask does my hair
look good or okay specifically does my
hair look oh hey your hair looks fine
your hair looks like you when you look
fine cuz I like you
Sega talking I'm playing as a counselor
I'm not I'm not I'm not
who's juggling against eight seven other
people there's still nothing in the damn
drawers motorboat and this is not my
mother's house
down there spring water I'm not gonna
find anything useful in spring water am
i I'm my Barbie queen of the prom
rematch I don't know I think we should
play like mauled madness next time think
Jack went out and bought a party the
queen of the problems now he can be
queen of the prom every day he's
probably making his sons play and
they're like oh dad come on it's a girl
game so he would be mine
anybody might know son should be
developed inclusivity dad I'm sure he's
not forcing his kids to play Bobby queen
of the prom probably not
they're forcing him to play Legos
something something that's true it's
only fair all right is it weird that I'm
playing dead cells enough that when I
hit that dead B button I fully expected
to do a roll I hit the button why am I
not rely am I not rolling broforce yep
no never heard of it why would you be
surprised that a game is a weird name
why if you put your baseball bat and the
fire will the burn no they barely got
the the major technical and this time
it's lupus hey rich and Karen sometimes
I'll play Star Trek birth of the
Federation which is more than 20 years
old
do either of you have any really really
old games you like to play one on them
yeah pac-man that's true Tetris
I'm in here dogs 5c um but a while since
I've played older games it's not that I
have anything against it a lot of times
you know this or that for the show oh
well with all of the weird like source
ports and fan updates to doom how does
one count doom I don't know they want to
know who my Hall Pass is what does that
mean should I be afraid to ask yes don't
answer until you know for sure what it
is as I predicted I found nothing and
springwater campus which is a huge fan
of thief
I'm mistake yeah I haven't played in
ages though do you like police quest
games like the first er I was told not
to answer
Oh hall passes whoo rich would allow me
to sleep with ya oh we're not we don't
have that yeah I mean if you have that
and you meet really agree to it weird
fun but it's not us we're the jealous
possessive type yeah we're the uptight
old-fashioned type yeah I can deal with
that
would you ever play Jedi Outcast on
stream how do you have once Brad Pitt is
old I mean really he's not looking so
good these days
Tom Cruise is crazy you can't tell me
Brad Pitt's looking worse than like Tom
Hanks or someone though everyone agent
that's a person who quit because he
didn't feel like playing the game or
because he wasn't chasing because his
laundry was done and his girlfriend
wanted to do it my dad could reason to
quit yet nobody's gotten any work done
it anything else I'm kind of fucked I am
I'm fully on grace clark kirk especially
michael studied gutters fucked Tom
Cruise does age I don't care if he dyes
his hair black and bleaches his teeth
like I'm sure they spend a lot of time
digitally monkeying with his face and
movies there's probably a significant
amount of time spent taking all the old
crow's feet it's the power of l ron
Hubbard
that's what they want you to believe
what does the L stand for
I don't know lard ass something
embarrassing maybe nothing maybe L like
yell instead of like J like Homer Jay
Simpson J hey why is there an L word for
a con man scumbag I wasn't getting out
is the house based on the book where
like there's like these weird demonic
being more than trying to put people
against each other
tip it's Spanish for the ron Hubbard oh
I'll be back yeah you can take off your
mom well not tonight that's the pain in
the ass to set up because I would need
to hook up capture devices and bring in
PS force all right for mixing I was
gonna invite you I don't see your name
here anymore
sorry nice go down a bit see if you're
still on Steam you don't see you I can't
invite I don't see you I don't see you
I'm sorry I'm closing the party though
I'm sorry
all right I'm start up a new game
chains in our Jason though Muslim
classic part three
you're getting on all right are you
finish getting on there are you getting
on there you go there you go
invite said
all right
you got ping up par yo what I know your
mouth
I'm play one more cuz I'm feeling it I'm
feeling it
I don't like Karen that Mike needs to be
in like your face I don't but I have to
sit down before the Mike can be in my
face and even then it doesn't want to
stay balanced you had a tighten the
thing I'm working on there we go
thank this dude needs more feet I have
to close the party or does that end the
party we went over this once before do I
have to do something to finalize the
party I don't I don't normally do this
alright
I think it's good yeah it's good alright
we're good our ping is shit it's not
alright it's not hot garbage but it is
wha the thing is bad I'll deal with it
your ping is what your lifetime yeah I
mean yeah we're in the yellow level out
it's getting worse
Jason goes to hell is our fun Mary
mm-hmm my favorites in this series if
not my favorite just because it's Locke
and I like that about it I'm Jason and
space might be my favorite Jason a space
knows what it is
we love oral set or premarital sex you
want to smoke some dope or everything
say pot you want to smoke some pot
trying to get in just get drunk and
smoke some pot I forget what the line is
but Jason's the VR fantasy to distract
Jason is hysterical it's fucking
hysterical it's drinking drugging
premarital sex in teens yeah
alright there's a fence I'm thrilled by
this fence where am i oh pack an AK at
least favorite map in the game what do
we got motorboat
I need a map to know where the motorboat
is it's usually the best way to get out
in this map but they say you get high on
Tom's people you let me down so much so
much
I'm nowhere near the boat and I am NOT
going to have a boat escape as great as
last time
I've not seen sharknado but I would like
to see the best five minutes of it I
can't imagine it's a good movie but it's
got to have its moments I felt somebody
with a sharknado costume and that was
cool a picture yeah yeah
they had like mummy wraps around them
with like plastic shark stuff to it it
was awesome but they weren't character
from the movie because they probably
haven't actually seen the movie who
knows they want to know how many hours
it took to make the point keto board in
the wheel of misfortune Wow yeah the
Plinko board much longer there were
larger more complicated thing the point
keto board most of the time was just
figuring out how to get it to spin
finding something he could spin on going
to thrift store you mean wheel the worst
yeah the wheel sorry the wheel was all
what you know finding the mechanism
looking through Amazon and eBay at
turntables right right I was hoping I
could find something at a thrift just
like just something I could actually get
in my hands and spin around see how how
it would work but we ended up having to
go to Amazon then we weren't sure yeah I
was looking at you know lazy susans on
Amazon after a while but the problem
with that was these things are like
built for industrial uses they're
they're meant to spin a rack around not
necessarily spin a rack around really
fast industrial industrial lazy susans
are not low friction and fast table
ladies lazy susans are men that meant to
hold a lot of weight especially if it's
unbalanced I eventually just kind of
gambled when I bought the the lazy susan
I did get
I mean all of the stuffy builds are
pretty much prototypes and it ended up
working but once once I once I actually
had a lazy susan in my hand it was a
matter of days it wasn't it wasn't too
bad after that well the other thing was
I had to find a table - so finding
finding the parts finding all like a
thing I could use as the actual wheel
and then like he cuts out the letters
for these things yeah this was some of
those letters actually all of them
eventually are carved carved some of
them I traced the smaller letters on the
wheel I'd trace from something but the
larger ones I just made those completely
on my own with a t-square it's just very
meticulous yeah so yeah it takes a fair
number of hours maybe that even though
even carving out those letters wasn't
that bad I was like couple hours really
and then you made that crazy table with
a curve yeah I'm gonna yank his chain
cuz he's not gonna yank his chain but
wait no I don't want to do the windows
update I've got keys what oh yeah we're
still playing again he made a table and
it's round it saying what's it in it's a
what I'm all for the the nerd crew and I
said I said how did you make the table
round and he said well I just stuck a
piece of string to a pole and went
around in a circle and I was like what's
that round it's a curve inside but yeah
just I do it yourself compass I thought
it was clever there was one of the
clever things have done making stuff
impressed me for what it's worth what
stuff is all probably by the car
how were they not done they stranded on
an island half in the bag storyline I
need to see Gilligan J and skipper Mike
you might have to keep waiting long
plans they want to know if you'll get
more very cool shirts yes sure it should
be shortly that was easy
I I dunno they're on the way I don't
know what any holdup might be but I know
this should be on the way no we do not
need to mug max landis he's a nice
person because there's a kick-ass
version of Superman
pocket knife be nice game pocket knife
pocket knife
look have I met max I have not met max I
met Freddie and Freddie was really nice
oh my god he didn't trap it he didn't
trap it they didn't trap it Freddie did
give us a copy of the Superman the first
issue of it and I read it and then I
went and bought the rest of the issues
on comiXology and really enjoyed them
the Superman rested an alien or if it is
American alien they had the gas I'm
gonna risk it I have not met the
Canadians we're gonna order does it work
foolishly going help buy the car nor if
I met the karate guy or maybe shove
gasoline in it do they have gas does
anybody have the gas oh this is my
fucking day
they want to know for a war aware of
Jordan Peterson I have no idea what that
is
oh shit my lag Julian only when he eats
too much broccoli cheddar state the lag
is hurting I don't know that I can drive
like this I can hear him the excitement
is on if anybody ever says to me ask
grass for gas I'm going to fuck
have you ever seen a cabin that had
venetian blinds hold up hold up you're
like if they've got window screens hold
up I'm gonna try something
it's not period accurate I was in cabins
in summer camp in the 80s and getting my
windows couldn't even keep mosquitos is
not bad and lines I was gonna get commit
scene Commission's the killer is Jason
mixing is Jason yeah
not a bad escape no oh my god one more
go until well no I'll say that we didn't
leave whatever you want I want a carrot
stick around a little while longer I
don't have to be I was really tomorrow
that was that was good driving
considering that lag was Freeman was
really bad oh look this bridge has
infrastructure problems like half the
other bridges as bad as okay what's that
called Empire of Derrick which you
didn't see I didn't know shit and I got
the phone going I'm a hero
how can into these cars have rust or
bumper stickers um I'm a goddamn hero
Karen he is starting to have fun he's
actually smiling he had this totally
grim look on his face earlier he looked
like I wish this was actually life or
death I was playing through mole oh god
I could say sweetly unfamiliar with what
I was doing mixing I'm I'm kind of sorry
for ruining your your your run is Jason
here I'm really sorry for that
we did see Dunkirk we saw it like week
and a half ago or so if that maybe we
could go Friday
and it was it was a kind of movie that
you figure maybe makes you a better
person a more educated or something for
watching because really it's it's kind
of grim yeah it's not especially bloody
it's a lot of mannequins and sand it's a
two-hour nightmare
yeah it's movie about people who are at
a party that they're trying desperately
to leave and not having any luck I hate
saying the main characters this is kind
of three stories going on but you know
wherever this guy goes some horrible
things gonna happen yeah pretty much
people drowning people getting blown up
people half drowning and then getting
burned people yeah I mean yeah war sucks
they did some weird nonlinear shit where
like you saw the same folks on three
times and you don't necessarily know
that they're doing some nonlinear stuff
when it starts happening it's a
confusing at first it's a gig storyline
with a guy in a plane that doesn't have
enough gas or aviation fuel well don't
spoil anything yeah there's like
different lines different storylines but
I guess it sounds like the people at
Dunkirk when they got off Dunkirk
thought that everybody was going to
consider them shameful because they had
to be evacuated off an island and they
didn't save France but you know the
British people were glad they still had
people that they weren't dead and you
know it still defend Britain to
what other films of Nolan's Empyrean
release the ones ception Pledger i like
yeah Keith ledger the one with Heath
Ledger he's only in the one I mostly
liked it because you hate ledger right
yeah he's right I wasn't I wasn't that
crazy about Batman Begins it was fine
are there any particular movies each of
either of you love and try to watch
every year every year I love there's
nothing I have like an had like an
annual yeah event I mean I think I
already mentioned the two that I really
like I really love airplane and I really
want you adore them over Holy Grail
surely you can't be serious I am serious
don't call me Shirley can make seen you
you don't you don't have to apologize I
don't I don't think you have anywhere
near the amount of hours in this game
that I do so you know man it's all good
okay they got out because I called the
cops
I did not all right I'm gonna find it
glad when I'm gonna what he died Jack
I'm gonna find a different room with
better lag with better ping
it's not true that no one likes Titanic
we have a mutual acquaintance who just
loves it the movie Titanic the goofy one
Jackson who you're afraid to let me
drive with because he's such a you can't
say Jax Jax sons okay no yeah I know I
know you're picking a fake name I guess
son doesn't drive he's a little boy
right Johnson he loves it he does that a
terrible he's a weirdo pothead I know
this mutual acquaintance of ours one day
I came home from work and he was there
waiting for me with hanging out with
rich and he said you want to go to the
video store and I said yes but you need
to drive carefully because it's really
treacherous out there I just drove home
he floored it out of our parking lot
ended up on the sidewalk narrowly missed
a fire hydrant it's pretty bad
miele confirmed for weird about it huh
my old I have no idea anything about my
it's not Mike no it's not - really not
Mike
how is it driving and snow you've still
never seen in snow if snow is fresh and
deep enough it's a little bit slippery
where if you turn your car your back end
wants to keep going mm-hmm
it's not generally a huge problem you
have to be careful with braking go slow
go slow if it turns into ice I once
tried to stop at a stop sign and did an
unintentional 180 in slow motion but
it's no it's just like the the back end
of your car just kind of wants to keep
going whichever way it's going
mixie and there's no way we're getting
adjacent kill with just two of us at the
party I want to try again someday but
we'll probably need Jack with us yes
don't turn fast don't expect to stop
fast we need we neither we need to pick
the right characters for that to really
work what are my thoughts and sorrows
Star Wars Star Wars prequels I've only
seen the first one you actually want to
see the other ones hmm sometime I
suppose I should and III honestly have
never bugged you to watch this the thing
about snow is the people who have
four-wheel drive somehow think that
they're magically immune from everything
related to snow and they need to drive a
hundred miles an hour and they
frequently end up in a ditch or
something especially if they manage to
hit a patch of ice but driving in snow
is really generally not that exciting
it's just yeah you have to be a little
careful it's like driving in rain except
a little bit worse
maybe I really want to be snow tires
Oh many places that are remotely urban
do not allow them to snow tires or
chains every other man I mean like
regular snow tires every other match
yeah I know I need to shave what of it
I'm picking the chains
I didn't know I've never lived in a
place where a lot of crazy snow is
normal I have always lived on the kind
of lease side of lakes on the side that
is not downwind of the prevailing winds
but by shave I just mean trim he shaved
a shave it up here a little bit and
underneath he shaved it completely bald
a few months ago and it it just looked
weird I was like yeah you know you
should grow back you look - like a I
don't know a baby or something with its
shape with it bald mouth with your face
bald northern Arizona yeah elevations
are definitely snows I know like
Flagstaff or something right
we're good we're in here
probably already out the window
beard letter media no I don't have to
work tomorrow otherwise I would
definitely be in bed already
yeah Flagstaff is like famous for having
snow Jack Joyce Jack trick or Joyce as
opposed to like Phoenix where my sister
lives words how do that look at that a
horse shit
elevation means a lot though plus it's
good deal north
this is Rich's final facial hair form
has he reached J levels no but I will
ever reach J levels when it comes to
facial hair there's a regular pretty boy
he stays
it helps counteract the fact that he
still looks like he's 15 with crow's
feet he's got such a baby face you're
right it would be so horrible to look
like he was having his later 37 heaven
forbid he look youthful just grow it out
no don't do the Amish thing and
definitely don't do the hipster beard
down to the down your nipples that's
just weird on you
there's rich Ewa facial this is rich
ever beard it's hard to tell because
which I Arab Network Mike has like a
permanent 5 o'clock shadow this rich
ebony gray hair don't we all a lot no
thank you for sharing do be sandwich no
it was not a funny slip I'm not
answering that you laying yeah Mike does
have the Homer Simpson face he's pale
and he's got black facial hair and it
shows through his skin so the permanent
of 5 o'clock shadow
what happened your mask roach I'd be
wearing it why am I seeing your head now
on the lines is wearing a hat before her
did he have hair before I was we using a
different Jason before do you get to
pick with Jason or yeah
Brenden go 99 rich thought that for a
long time - didn't you think you
couldn't grow a Papa Bear yeah but when
he gets a little bit longer it actually
kind of fills in any good books I'm
reading actually right now I'm reading a
chain of title which is a book about the
foreclosure crisis which is interesting
kind of scary it's kind of like the
financial industry said fake it till you
make it is and I'm like fake
documentation until you get what you
want except they kind of didn't I don't
think I want to join the best of the
worst because I don't like watching bad
movies I like watching good movies when
that battery is if you if your work -
laughs - season of The Simpsons what
season would you watch I don't know
three or four five earlier three to
eight seems reasonable yeah
ah volcanoes in the housing crisis
you're interested - yay yeah pretty much
I have seen some bad movies you saw
weekend weekend - Bernie's - once I
survived this time as lupus says hey
rich just experiencing some heartburn so
I took Tom's registered trademark and
it's gone
you're so right thanks rich I feel so
much better now at lol tums my heartburn
it's like I come back to the boat
it's some really cheesy water
to
huh
I'm not that nice because I'm not
answering
the shop
these are names of the cabins like
Pfeiffer flat do they mean anything it
might be for the movies or something why
are they red just so they show up more
early read because somebody's in between
you in them they're read because I'm
using a vision power to sense them all
right now please Jason Mona I get quiet
as home I noticed I'm glitched son
glitch
yeah oh he's got like veins inside of
his head like giant ones there's a
serial killer monster what do you expect
better vasculature oh yeah the first
season of The Simpsons definitely looks
wierd the animation was really different
it was like the chasey was an Almond
show we the pilot it just looks it
doesn't look like the Simpsons it's like
fetal stem suits there's blood pouring
from his jugular on that side again
I have never seen Game of Thrones it's
on the list of things I probably should
see like Breaking Bad just kick it down
yeah even my mother is telling me that I
need to say Breaking Bad
my mother is hooked on it now
yeah yeah you go for an environmental
but I have to annoyed
I love Kimmy Schmidt we've been totally
looking forward to the second season of
stranger things I kind of like low
stranger things seasons - I I wonder how
it could possibly better than seoeon but
we'll see
we'll see ya season three of commission
it was not my white ass boy chap would
jason voorhees show mercy
it's Jason Gore he's capable in emotion
other than maybe rage such a fantastic
rage that was cold simmering rage I want
to play is a counselor by I'm a Mormon
I should change my preference but
alright if you're gonna play another
round I'm gonna hit the restroom run it
back okay this might this will almost
certainly actually be it yeah sure this
will actually be it right this will
actually be a sure I wanted one more as
a counselor I want Morris Jason they
want to know what you think the worst
Friday the 13th is
and nine and we say Jason goes to hell
but I don't remember much about it
which is not a whore guy yeah and I
really ain't him this isn't worth yeah
there's some whore movies I like but in
in general I'm not super his mother
tried to shove cheap and Bailey made
horror movies down his throat had the
opposite effect
making me like it yeah yeah your mom was
cute though
and your mom's horror movie was also
cute should have paid more attention I
would've discovered Evil Dead 2 a lot
sooner and I did
which movies
I don't know some horror movies in a
weekly basis that was family night to
her was a be horror movie
I'll take evil then two over army of
darkness they're both they're both
classic some of the classics but I have
a soft spot for evil then to every every
shot of Evil Dead - fucking fucking just
oozes creativity and fun no no no what
got a shock on them see if I can find
the battery in the barn
right Jason smart he'll know there are
better things for him to be doing
trapping trapping the card trapping the
phone it's wrong this water this water's
great I like to inone a rider and
stranger things other people made beg to
differ
she's great in that but I liked her and
I really liked the kid with the Sox cap
without the Sachs logo
I think her Steve Howe explained that
Dustin yeah can't think his real name
but Dustin was great I don't think it's
officially what it is but all right I'll
take that yeah I don't think it's
officially a Sox cap but look exactly
like an ad Sox cap enough
rich what did Mike use to blackmail you
with to make you leave Chicago nothing
nothing
do you want to wear a shitty job the
rest your life or do you want to roll
the dice yeah and if you want to work
your shitty jobs there are plenty of
those in Milwaukee do right I love you
I'm glad you put my hand but I need to
put in your battery in your nasty 80s
car yeah yeah toll booth attendant there
are no toll booth attendant to speak of
anymore it's all I pass
do people like living in Chicago we
never lived in Chicago we always lived
around Chicago all right did somebody
missed the gas up north or did they take
the gas by the barn elsewhere fuck
Chicago was like 2 million plus but with
the suburbs it's like 9 million so we
were some of the 7 million plus people
living in Chicago suburbs all right he
can finish check-in that house I'm gonna
double-check up here are those outhouses
yes can you knock them over no Jason can
tear them down if somebody's in there
well it'll tell the door down it's not
in the barn it's not words bonds in the
big house either they missed it in these
two houses or somebody ran off with the
gas that spawns near the two-seater
which would be annoying for me we
started five hours in 7 minutes and 54
seconds ago Wow I got a double check
this guy's work can you knock the bushes
over nope
you said that you're bad on fire or wood
and like make it flame and then hit
Jason with flaming something no shit you
play the piano
no he used the toilet
no I if you're Jason you can dunk
somebody's head in it it's all they died
can you read those books nope what's
that I see the keys are next to the cove
sign
what would where that's not a good run
that's a bad run
so I got the gas and many keys
desperately searching for them no I
don't think seeing failing marriages
left and right is more resolved than
ever did have to get forget attached to
anyone there have always been shitty
marriages and great marriages and she'd
do relationships and great marriages a
great relationships if you're with
somebody for a long time you get along
with them you'll probably continue to
get along with them that's a purposeful
run I know that run
Elizabeth Taylor is a celebrity marriage
it was like to get dressed I'll be the
best sex you will ever have smirks
marriage in school wolf are you just
gonna let me die so you can take the
season are you
what girl wants to give oral sex
when a man isn't shaved star what I
think I just heard yeah you did all
right Elaine there's a surgery for that
gas tank battery we're gonna try this
he's busy with them and again we're
never gonna find the keys here
dick peeler he doesn't work in any so
visiting any is much the same as the
next just pick one
where's Jack Jackson like Wisconsin or
Canada or somewhere context context work
at anyone they said what gas station do
you work at I said I just said they
wanted to bother you at work and I said
you don't work it in the gas station so
one gas station is as good as the next
kind of one the pure asking that bother
rich at work comment basically and they
want to know where Jack is Jack is and
he was in on the stream earlier recent
northern was out of town again out of
town again
just can't wait to get out it's getting
weird to get sound again mmm
pack up my relatives and head on for the
hills and do stuff somewhere other than
here
they say the keys are near the Blair's
cold that guy probably I was like a
mixing oh alright you should have said
who it was now I know what's going on
somebody said there's a lot of Chicago
over the voice did you die with them on
people really asked us this feels like
cheating did you did you die with them
on your body
and do you know where the battery is I
shouldn't even be do you know your
corpses
where have you last seen your corpse
where did you leave your corpse
I'm getting tired lesbian this will be
legitimately Edmund we'll see what's PU
BG that's a shitty game
noise rich they say
tell rich just dreamed that Jason kill
to stream on a Wednesday so us Game of
Thrones fans can watch are we
interfering we're not trying to kill the
night table watching
congratulations you may enjoy your
umbrella the original Texas Chainsaw
Massacre film I was an enormous fan of
when I was about seven really okay
I'm fine no you can't do that yes how is
he pulling him through this yes you
couldn't easily have saved my ass
earlier but you didn't you just didn't
I can't running the investor because
huh-huh
he can't run any faster than that who
Jason this guy this guy um no I I mean
if my life depends on it I think I could
do more than a jog now that's a decent
shirt I can handle that one
you're about the third person to ask if
he's seen a gun forget it's much a
matter of conversation we have people
thought it was okay but no
I make it feel really good for you on
would you let me lick you everywhere
Oh fun in this game I wouldn't mind
seeing you but honestly I don't think
Texas Chainsaw Massacre means to me now
what it did me what it did when I was an
elementary school kid with Dateline NBC
I could probably teach you a few things
I'll be the best sex you will ever have
what girl wants to give also sadden
Freudianism shade SCH ad e NF r e UD I
know you 12 but girls these days are way
ahead that's the German word for
enjoying people's misery your secret
lover is there you and it's a shout in
Florida there's a schadenfreude it could
feel really good for you on it's one of
those it was like shad I like too bad
would you let me lick you everywhere
although I'm guessing that our German
friends are probably no longer in the
chat because it's midnight central
Daylight Time which makes it really
light there or really early we're
probably a decent hour to get out for
work or school it's like 7:00 in the
morning in German I'm crazy would be
blinding BC feeling dunk may arts bland
this t87 says one more hey you want to
go home I know you want to go home
it took separate cars I'm going whenever
I want if I don't I don't even know
something while you're dirty boy you
dirty dirty boy I know I should go home
I should go home it's been it's been fun
everybody thanks thanks for playing
everybody it's been fun it's been a
blast
Thank You committee Oh wiedersehen Oh
wha
I really dirty adios d how which isn't
good bye but I don't know how to say it
in Chinese no ha ha ha Nene how are they
just need how I think you said it right
but that's like Hello I think it's like
a little high or it's the same thing
might be this good an act is bugged
I'm here to earn sayonara all right we
caught up on tips ah yes
okay do you want to read the names of
the kind people with me I want somebody
just wrote in maybe Japanese I don't
know can't read it sorry
it's Z Z in Chinese is that how you say
it ZZ xie xie
salut yeah salut is what Swiss maybe
fad for 60 she she just she that's
adorable
she she was like goodbye in Chinese
you're adorable
Zhi Zhi Zhi Shi thank you for keeping a
comedy car I'm really - I'm really
terrible when I do this amount yeah
I suck - but hey what do you do yeah
yeah everybody has French even more
kebbeh quoi okay oh I hope enterin help
make this a better time for everyone Oh
wah
the stream is ending I'm sorry stream is
ending we've got a good long while time
to start 636
put it down there I think salut salut is
Italian yeah maybe I don't know you know
I mean you talk about like Switzerland
they're there they speak Italian and
Romansh and and German and French I mean
all this link would just kind of come
together in the vicinity of the Alps
alright bye bye works in Japanese bye
bye whenever whenever you're ready to
start reading the names of the
subscribers oh okay um
defunct row by the way this is the point
in the stream and if you know if you're
if you don't care to hear names Reds
your time to leave and goodbye thank you
for joining us we read off the names of
the people who have subscribed during
the stream that help us continue doing
what we do so thank you to defunct robot
beer Meister 20 89 for his recent kryb
for twenty two fucking months in a row
hike ma'am in the house indeed hike
ma'am so let you read that Frode up for
17 months in a roses I'm staying up here
in Norway for Twin Peaks but this is
good fun while waiting fat skinny Fox
power
Phantasy says hello Steve the ghost see
the ghost says hey rich I finally bought
space cop the other week you did a great
job also let Jack know his Highlander
videos are amazing all right we'll do
we'll do more dumb unit 0 3 u 2 0 3 says
jeez thinking of something the type is
hard so um thanks for being so damn
entertaining you can up heliosphere 1969
we're so adorable for how long 14 months
consecutively switch it up it's a big
word they're the real they on for 21
Kerry says Karen is Big O king sinner
roses Karen here Karen is here for my
21st anniversary let's get a drink
together except like rich I don't drink
so yeah I didn't have the mango IPA for
both of us maybe I don't know Captain
SWC is Rhys absque rived queen of one
queen of the One Ring I thought it was
gonna be like a wrestling thing though
oh there's one oh it's Lord of the Rings
things yeah hi rich and Karen y'all are
the cutest couple I wish you much
happiness thanks for all the fun streams
lol still not prom queen yeah Thank You
queen do you really want to be prom
queen no no really
not really as you know what I just
wanted to take it away from jack
surprise it's right you were the prom
queen
I never wanted to be the prom queen no
and after my high school reunion I even
less want to be the queen of anything
well I wouldn't want to know the
equivalent I guess would be the king and
care about shit like that yeah
popularity
yeah exactly worrying about what people
think it's just
exhausting I don't want the pressure for
the people want it good for them
stupid Brown PP supersonic bell or
subsonic my mistake say something else's
hi Karen hi subsonic Bell Wow 79 says
you guys are worth the money it cost me
to subscribe I said the no money but no
money
oh thank you Amazon Prime
yes thank you I to use my Amazon Prime
money to support rich any question in
any case I thank you when I remember uh
hack bot has that clip saved for
immortality which clip what wasn't the
say nothing happened now we want to know
oh there's something up there okay I
think of old duels is a fun prank to
play at a party people really do pretend
to be drunk duels is a virtually
alcohol-free pop oh oh I was confused
for a second there the AC says come suck
agreed except last year they kind of
didn't suck last year but that's okay
cuz I wanted my father that Cubs fan to
see them win the World Series in his
lifetime checkbox they can go back to
sucking now suck suck I unfortunately
this year they definitely do here is
where you were June has subscribed for
17 months in a row you think you realize
it was months in a room it was a trailer
there's nothing like a as a winsome it
was a winsome seventeen like do you wish
it could be more I was trying to
remember whether or not it warranted
profanity oh no no that's the 2-0 it was
profanity yeah that was what the
hesitation okay okay I was thinking
about the soccer clubs thing and another
track of my brain and what is a insane
first time in a while catching you guys
live by the way she's being nice
sir to you the stream Magan electric
crowbar the William Meister Joe Kitty
double O one Joe Kitty double O one says
four motherfucking months in a row yay
I'm original I see what you did there
but I'll let you get away oh that Mantic
Willa's says ten months oh my glory
Jim Love Boat Ezri subscribed for zero
months in a row how does that even work
Mathis that's beyond me renji me master
Kenobi double-oh-seven we're not really
sure which franchise Chas we want this
is the mother one this is not this is
not normal for 38 motherfucking moms in
a row Master Kenobi double-oh-seven says
rich after all this time I'm happy to
say that I'm going to continue being
subscribed hey I hope you enrich
continue previously recorded for as long
as you enjoy doing it
me me and Jack you read that rug
slightly wrong yes Taylor monster
khatoun 46 tops Kendall tragedy God sad
dog 42 Godfather think Italian and and
Anna raffia Godfather has three
subscribe before I 35 the fucking a
months in a row Jack Jack doesn't he
doesn't great I can't do it got fun
anyone what allowed you're digging dead
cells I don't know 31 why glad you're
digging dead cells I last 1984
/ s for twenty six fucking months in a
row em Cara Delevingne
okay you said it like a question like am
Cara Delevingne am Cara Delevingne
so he officer
yes which says well done on your boat
escape bridge I care I know it was great
it was great
there's a boat joke how often you see a
boat jook jook you go left
finally but you go right right away and
how you faked him out the only joke I'm
used to is like the thing you put
quarters and to make it play the song
that's a new box slightly different
welcomes the clown for 30 fucking
monster Oh Harald fairhair Harald
fairhair says rich I recently went to a
normal corn belters game what Illinois
minor-league amateur key teams to dice
tried to see next
well it depends on we're in Illinois you
want to go over in southern Illinois you
have the in saucier Illinois which is
formally Monsanto named after bad
monsanto there's the grizzlies i believe
they've got kind of a fun part you think
about the ones that are like in
basically in st. louis like that is well
court normals out there though no one
yours you are fun where you're coming
from it does depend on where you're
coming from if you are further north I
would definitely recommend the Windy
City Thunderbolts in Crestwood Illinois
the King County Cougars in King County
Illinois no I can't County that they're
affiliated a really it's kind of boring
part yeah the yeah the park is not too
exciting the it's not it's not ugly it's
just Schaumburg as a team I think
they're still called the Flyers they've
got a pretty good stadium there's a team
in Rockford don't issue with a call
these days they've been changing hands
it's alright I'm sure somebody's at that
Stadium in Loves Park Illinois also in
Joliet Illinois
silvercross Stadium it used to be the
jackhammers last I knew it was the
Slammers and Joliet they're a good time
if you're in Eastern Illinois you might
stop over in Gary Indiana for the Gary
Southshore rail cats there are lots of
good minor-league games you see here's
the one if you don't mind now if you
don't mind going to the far southern ass
end of Illinois it's not really in
Illinois but it's close enough to the
border it's a I would say it's in the
area Evansville Indiana where they
filmed a lot of chunk of a leg the
regular on yeah the Evansville otters
bussy field which is it you're younger
than Wrigley it is it's in the round in
this foul territory like you wouldn't
believe this is wrong it's the second
oldest ballpark in the country right the
second or third I don't know where it
fits in with Fenway but it's
vetal it's really old it is made it's
still made out of what you like you know
you expect baseball you the concrete
steel girders yeah fucking wood and I
think I'd look at ton of it because you
know the making out of wood they had
ahead of this thing actually stay up
parking Kenosha is almost that old too
but it's been kind of heavily made over
over the years so all these fucking
gigantic wooden beams everywhere and
foul territory foul territory in the
entails because the area we're right
it's a very interesting and beautiful
park so the Evansville honor there's a
couple of parks in that league in the
st. Louis area one on each side of the
state line also a good time I think
there's a team with either minor league
teams in Springfield Illinois but I
don't really recall what they're called
I highly recommend unaffiliated
minor-league baseball this is Karen
Rich's fiancee hi I never gave you a
formal introduction I just assume people
know you at this point
hi my lady love and finally leftover
beef cake for 33 do you like that name
fucking monster Oh should just let him
hang until he ran out of breath
Mike man's a little little slowed a
little offer game was loathing for
beefcake say thanks for being a part of
the stream Karen
we never learn about stuff like
anglerfish sex for Jack Jack you need to
talk more about anglerfish sex do you
like to go into the details of angler
angle angle and male anglerfish when
they come across a female anglerfish
clamped their jaws on and then their
body kind of atrophies and they're like
a gonad just sort of attached to the
side of the female fish releasing sperm
to fertilize her hips to make more your
head dissolves right I think it's just
kind of the head just kind of melds into
the body of the female fish and he
effectively becomes one of her organs
yeah that is constantly impregnating her
but yeah that's the note we're leaving
you out here folks
