Dec 6, 2017
Spider-Man 2, The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/207397522
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/207399243
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF-wZslptQA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFA227FU9So
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/938488464772927489

[Part I]
jack is currently messing with
brightness settings on the TV just the
TV we can always redo that you fuckers
can just deal with the darkness tricks
is it too dark for them do you want to
change that like is it too dark for you
that's the question it looks fairly dark
but it looks fine here because you
adjusted the brightness on the TV hold
on okay how about we just get started to
hear a little bit will be will be prereq
and enter normal swinging we'll just get
started we'll just bring what are the
two swinging options oh wait we didn't
update in chatty did we son of a bitch
son of a bitch rich nope no it's not cuz
now everyone got the email that we were
playing overwatch or whatever I was
playing last time our Witcher 3 exactly
lying fuck alright well everyone in
we're gonna talk over this to make sure
none of this copy written music gets
gets noticed it's fine actually there's
this look too bad on there look at that
look at that city on their fridge yeah
we'll get flagged for using the Batman
music exactly Warner Brothers is gonna
be pissed
this looks oh I can't I can't type oh I
can do it I can do it then I'll do it
I'll type it I just have to go to the
other HDMI quickly that's chatty dem dem
jockeys well it's it's a plus a fucking
police station - what do you expect
yep okay well what do we want to work on
this what are your thoughts and Mysterio
in this game I remember he was just kind
of a joke
and honestly that's that's probably a
fine use for Mysterio but none of these
none of these spider-man movie games
ever had enough fucking villains in them
because they're too constrained by the
goddamn movies like the only real and
they let them use other than the movie
villain was like the Rhino and shocker
sure you always get shocker
this matter comics like three times you
know what his power sets really easy to
make a game out of exact easy easy done
easy update close great
alright spider-man's been talking don't
worry about it they get Toby yeah they
got Toby and you know who else they got
rich I played it a little bit you know
to make sure that yeah I remember that
from the first spider-man game bruce
campbell does the tutorial whoo-hoo
oh shit we got it we gotta just them
we gotta just some things hold on oh my
god what do you would we would Justin in
for their their camera is weird for so
you have to invert a right left camera
okay which is very strange
yeah like their their up-down is
automatically inverted but their
left-right wasn't so okay so here's how
you crawl the walls I'm spider-man what
do you think is that too dark maybe the
game audio is super low okay pause pause
Bruce Campbell its Bruce Campbell he's
proof Campbell's given us the tutorial
Bruce Campbell just told us to jump in a
lake whose Campbell right there we go
now you can see now you can at least see
him on the wall Campbell make a cameo on
this he's doing it right now this is
this is it okay great how do you turn
off the ads you don't you just watch
them I think if you're a subscriber
actually you don't get any ads I'll be
honest with you so you turn off the ads
by being a subscriber oh the jumping in
this game is neat well how you have to
you have to hold it to build up your
that yellow music and so you can choose
how high you jump but it feels really
spider-man II you know the jumping feels
good in this game epitaxy I have not
watched you you guys were I did a
morning stream last night yesterday to
to make up for us missing Sunday right
and that's why I haven't been able to
watch the new we love the worst episode
because like you know what a morning
time day day time is usually my free
time yeah but I was streaming good
episode I I have seen nothing but love
or the edged weapons video which showed
me a little bit of that video before the
episode went up it's the best video we
have ever done on best of the worst ok
not will of the worst but best of the
worst I I'm excited I will watch it I'm
spider-man crawling on a wall oh yeah oh
this is great
I fucking love spider-man shadows huh
you still haven't played web of shadows
I didn't have a what was that because
that was ps3 xbox360 er yeah yeah I
don't know what I was doing having kids
oh you know oh you know what I was I can
tell you exactly what I was doing rich I
was having kids and playing Team
Fortress 2 on the Xbox 360 yeah yeah you
know cuz they like portal was out the
the half-life episode 1 into the orange
box was out for the for the 360 and I
had my firstborn then so my life was no
more fuckin love spider-man I think I'm
just gonna play this game in my free
time though cuz spider-man is awesome
spider-man I pressed my shirt
see-through I'm sure they're green yeah
you know it's fine it happens it's fine
you guys are just gonna have to deal
with that the web swings need the fact
that this is an open world city is neat
but there's not enough to do in this
game sure what a year Jack it was it was
great it was you know and when when I
got when I finally got the orange box
for my 360 my kid was still young enough
not to move on his own which is the best
time for kids like before they're a year
old when they're still like constrained
like before they start crawling like the
first 6 months yeah easiest fuckin pie
you know why they don't move you can put
them down somewhere and they'll stay
there that's why so that's when I got
them
jority of my gaming done whoo yeah shut
up Bruce Campbell but then you know they
start moving and like needing you to pay
attention to them I will admit though
this one puppy does still have the best
actual web slinging the other ones kind
of dumb it down a bit I'm still figuring
out my well this you control like each
individual web shooter right but you
have two strands going at a time but no
you can't no I think you could no wait
no you can't the other button is is
sprint and it makes you swing slightly
faster were you yeah you can he has to
hold one down like that I remember being
able to use two perfect-perfect
in spider-man one you just web sling in
the sky you unlock that ability later oh
shit come on spider-man
that that rap shit' web-swinging is
actually kind of difficult but I'll get
there shit where is he where is he in
there over there
shit shit shit shit shit I got him I got
him I got him gotcha I'm spider-man rich
captures pretty chapter you're gonna
have to deal with it know what someone's
saying the capture is pretty choppy you
know it's a PlayStation 2 game let's be
thankful we can get anything yes Chad I
know that Quentin Tarantino wants to
make a Star Trek movie we'll see if it
ever actually happens though right right
hey well over chat well no stop it stop
it it's like five frames per second I'm
my exploit here it looks smooth so I
don't know what died man that might be
your internet but I don't know what
spider-man is this the stupid Tobey
Maguire wanted spider-man to you know
you gotta it's there's it's not that bad
spider-man two out of the early spider
out of all of the spider-man's is the
second best spider-man movie we have
spider-man - the one with Doc Ock yeah
yeah but but but I know you don't like
if you could if you could separate the
first half of Sam Raimi's first
spider-man yeah that would be the second
best just the first half it doesn't get
really dumb until the Goblin starts
being the Green Goblin
sure it's a terrible Green Goblin yeah
it's a shame too because have you seen
like the the behind the scenes of his
original idea for the Goblin mask uh
yeah like he wanted to zoom into a
monster and it would have been great
yeah fuckin spider-man Oh Oh area and
available Rach we can't go this way yeah
spider-man 2 is the best spider-man
movie Home Coming just does the
character better
spider-man is all about the character he
just does the character better that's
the heart and soul of spider-man is the
character if you're not doing the
character justice
don't bother yeah yeah man that oh like
I've made some dumb arguments in my life
but that might have that might have just
superseded all of them it just has the
character better so then it's the best
spider-man thank you Bruce Campbell so
there's no good Batman movie in general
because it lacks character spider-man is
all about the character it's all about
Peter Parker spider-man Batman all kinds
of weirdness going on there with
villains that are creepy and weird do
you do a good Joker and have a fine
Batman even if Batman himself was a
little lacking yeah Batman plays by
slightly different rules there you can
you can do ok Batman without quite
getting the character of Batman right
hmm yeah I mean just because we have
Dark Knight we know that's true
Gotham is almost its own character it's
there's all this shit right right like
Batman The Dark Knight
I'm imagine that movie
but you just followed Batman and Joker
wasn't in it okay it would be oh I feel
like Batman Begins yes yes but if you
take the same thing now let's let's say
you take you spider-man homecoming and
you take the conflict out of it and we
just get to hang out with these
characters it's total it's still fun
it's still fun like we still get Tom
Holland we still get a great spider-man
we get a good character and sure let but
and you know what I even like the movie
like the the conflict wasn't this giant
save the world conflict he's just got to
stop a dude from selling some guns
that's good boom yeah it was easy as
great homecoming really was just not
worth it I don't get what's up with some
of you people man I just don't
understand I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with you homecoming homecoming is my
favorite spider-man movie yeah and the
movie that I think has done spider-man
the best out of all the movies yes this
I don't share your disdain for the Sam
Raimi spider-man movies though yeah I
think they were very good for what they
were what he was trying to accomplish I
still think they're very good spider-man
movies at least one and two too
specifically but I still prefer
homecoming and I think y'all be crazy
with your homecoming hate y'all be crazy
oh that's even the actor who played doc
I can't what's his name Anthony Molina
yeah
the world will still be here in half an
hour Alfred Molina yeah oh that's great
you know remember when games used to get
there like do they even make tie-in
movie games anymore said a thing well
they're harder to make now games right
costs have gone way up it's probably
harder to throw something together that
isn't another absolute piece of shit
like there was a really awful looking
Ghostbusters tie-in oh yeah did they
make a good for their lady ghostbusters
she's so slapped together it was a joke
whisker cuddle says he you guys join
Orville lately I honestly hate Family
Guy and everything said this done but
fuck this show is amazing I even got my
dad into it new trick was bad we thought
but Orville is great for reasons I'm not
gonna talk too much about discovery and
Orville right now but I will say I'll
say this much Orville is currently the
best Star Trek show on going right now I
was gonna say on TV but then that's
gonna be a thing of the past very
shortly just TV on general this the best
current Star Trek show hands down and
you know I didn't get into the Orville
too much I got like three episodes in
and it wasn't really my jam there is no
confirmation for a new Star Trek video I
might like to do something nothing is
set in stone so don't go running around
saying it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen I think I'm getting the hang of
web-swinging
oh right as I run into
I gotta say who do I get is what is the
lady I gotta save I didn't get too far
in the Orville but you know it was all
right I I didn't mind a lot of discovery
obviously Oh is punch of that lady in
the back of the head I'm spider-man you
can't handle this you can't handle this
I'm spider-man spider-man made a shit
my case we what happened I know our
thing isn't working and I don't quite
have web-swinging perfected yet
that's fine jack Oh fine well fuck fuck
fuck yeah can't you run in the walls
yeah there's that another unlockable
skill thing I just don't know yes maybe
shit shit shit shit
yes no maybe
there we go you know so is Jack playing
a port or on the ps2 on the ps2 this is
uh this is an official PlayStation 2
version I have my ps2 sitting on the
table right there
ps2 what's going on
reowww ps2 rich authentic PlayStation 2
action you forget how this controller
just doesn't feel quite right no no my
compared to the newer PlayStation
controllers this controller doesn't it's
C it's basically the same but it's
slightly different right yeah this is
slightly weird it's slightly weird not
totally weird
is that a sixaxis no this is a dual
shock - OH
dual shock - anonymous says this is for
surviving edged weapons it's the best
thing I've seen and it's on YouTube okay
go to Pizza Parlor
earn two thousand more hero points okay
Ruby sandwich says Ricardo you mentioned
in the chat that you thought snake eyes
from GI Joe is a well-rounded character
can you elaborate oh good I wanted to
talk about that because you made a
comment yeah and I want to talk about so
you bring up what you said first cuz
they were talking about Star Wars
somebody made a comparison the thing
between I forgot how it came up I said
Star Wars doesn't have him character as
as well-rounded as depth full of snake
eyes there was a slight slightly cheeky
in exaggerating star where he has some
good characters but someone said that
Boba Fett was with snake eyes was like
the Boba Fett of GI Joe or something
like that and you know Boba Fett is just
nothing
he's nothing shows up he's cool yeah
he's cool man and I if you're not that
familiar with the GI Joe comics you
might think that snake eyes just a sand
and jet he's cool because he's a ninja
there's more depth to the character than
that exactly if you read because you
read the comics yes and my comment to
you after you type that in chat was
isn't that akin to someone saying well
if you read the Star Wars books you
would learn so much more thing though
we're GI Joe the chemicals are the
primary source material sure but a lot
of people only know him from the curtain
I don't care the comics of the primary
source Larry Hammel was the guy behind
this shit
he wrote the comics well what was that
what was it
what happened thought the cartoon was
the primary source no no the first
outside of the toy the first thing was
the comics and Larry Hamma was the guy
responsible for the comics and even
writing the file names on the back of
the action figure card it came in the
blister pack he wrote the profilers that
came up toys okay name they would
something like an image of a character
he came up with everything else we're
gonna make this toy what do you got
copra exists because of Larry Hammel
it's like what Hasbro approached Marvel
about doing some kind something with GI
Joe and their hand was like we need a
villain yeah it can't be fighting no but
we need some villains Cobra Larry Hammel
Larry Hammel the comics primary source
material for GI Joe sorry if you like
the cartoon press this to damage
yeah
fighting crime I did it is it true that
in the in the comics that Cobra like
Cobra Commander was like a used car
salesman yeah he was a disgruntled
used-car salesman who blamed his
problems on the government yeah I love
it
so he started up Cobra in this small
town called Springfield and it just kind
of grew and got out of control
he's like uh it was a support group I
just really just wanted to air my
grievance and I'm a leader hi that's
great he was he was originally a
revolutionary but his his nature Cobra
Commander is corruption so eventually
it's just about the money yeah
anti-american ideal commander is great
that's it that is a great bag sorry I
think it's funny we in the comm and in
the cartoon he's she's a ancient snake
man he's a what he's an ancient snake
man sent by some kind of mention organic
technological society to do something
yeah cartoons sucked
the the cartoon people wanted them to
integrate that backstory for Cobra
Commander in the comics yeah and Larry
Hamm up god bless him cared about the
character so much rather than fuck up
Cobra Commander's backstory he killed
him off that's great hey excuse me it
takes a lot of buttons to web-swing I
feel unless I'm not doing it right which
is also very possible wait but you have
to like so you press you press l2 to
shoot a web and then you press l1 or
sorry you press r2 to shoot a web then
you press l2 to speed up then you hold
down X and let go to jump and then do
the same thing all over again so it's
like jump r2 l2 jump r2 l2 it's it's a
the timings a little weird I'll get used
to it I'm sure
hoorah
we oh wait can I do the movie thing
what's the movie thing all hanging
upside-down oh you might need to find
something to hang from where you're not
just resting up against a wall know
something - the movie thing that I was
talking about was blue was as being on
top of this flagpole there's an American
flag oh that's something spider-man did
in Alba I don't know if he did that in
homecoming at all but that was a very
Sam Raimi thing put him on top of a flag
pond that was American flag he's an
American Hero
fuck fuck fuck off everything's broken
fuck it spider-man dark jet wolves six
six sixes hey you long time listener
hi first-time caller hello I just got
paid and I love me some ps2 so have a
subscription and a tip thank you you
know the ps2 back in the day back in the
day it was sure something special the
ps2 yep every game was every game was on
it fuck is this pizza place
wait that room supposed to go in the
pizza place there we go I mean it
spider-man 2 looks best on the Xbox I
just don't have an Xbox I have a ps2
that is not I have a question is ps2
placed horizontal or vertical well I
have I have the he has the super slim
one the ps2 slim and so it is horizontal
I understand you might be getting a bad
frame rate it's fine for us what if we
turn the quality down for the the
capture what I mean people are getting
really bad frame rates for the game
specifically right hello let's see
according to us we have dropped zero
frames so hold on let's go ahead and do
some action let's actually pay attention
to it and we'll see how it looks
after we write through this now we have
other people saying they don't see any
problem you know what I don't care about
this guy so I'll be honest with you you
know it looks kind of good to me guys
you you guys might be having some
internet issues
you know what for me with the twitch
player sometimes that will happen to me
where it looks like it drops frames and
then I just use the pop-out player and
that always seems to play better than
the player in the webpage I will be
Hunter Hondo presentó with you
Darkwing schmuck says homecoming nails
the character from the comics better
than any other but Spidey too still does
the character well - I still say Spidey
- was a better film overall but you know
opinions man opinions yeah I just I hate
Tobey is the character I just do I know
you hate Tobey the character but but I
even think spider-man 2 has a lot more
problems than that and and this is from
someone who really likes spider-man - if
you remember spider-man - the whole the
whole movie was about him choosing to be
spider-man yeah and remember like when
he decided he didn't want to be
spider-man he just magically lost all of
his superpowers because he didn't feel
like having them anymore I honestly
don't remember it was I don't remember
it was this whole thing because you
remember in those movies his
web-shooters were part of his body yes
right one super bad - he's his
web-shooters sir stopped working and
then he actually lost all of his super
powers like he lost his super-strength
and his spider sense and all that
because he chose not to be spider-man
all right and that's merit and here's
the thing rich that's bull hockey that's
bull hockey what's going on you want it
let's deal with a guy on the street it's
well guy in the street that sounds like
a problem for the poies musics awful
it's just awful shit shit
shit oh let go this is why they changed
the web-slinging in the other games
because it's hard yeah
I'm sure once you know what you're doing
like yeah oh yeah I remember that being
the case but
ah got you dingus
dude Dini 86's hijack and Richard got
him watching live from the UK for the
first time I'm a huge fan tears and
thought it time to make a contribution
enjoy the night thank you very much
thank you much
Bab a yeah go Allah says what are your
thoughts on spider-man for the ps1 then
that game was my jamm back in the days
and the ending was so intense well
unlike a lot of the movie games that
game actually had a decent amount of
villains I don't remember that
that was fine for its time I don't know
that it holds up quite that well lots of
unlockable costumes that weren't like
hidden behind randomly generated loot
crate's you had to pay for her like had
like something like a hundred different
costumes fighting in the comics yeah oh
cool that's nice it's web-swinging even
had like the cosmic spider-man suit
remember cosmic Spidey cosmic Spidey uh
he briefly had cosmic powers he actually
punched the Hulk into orbit
I did a storyline apparently I don't
remember his powers kept growing and
they wouldn't stop and he was like
Superman it was like what do you do with
Peter Parker Peter Parker react to
having Superman level powers was the
story they did interesting and near the
end of that he had one of those like
cosmic costumes where he could see the
stars
his body oh yeah yeah and that was in
the game it also had all the stats from
like boosted to maximum when you're
using that costume cool the the symbiote
spider-man costume that unlimited
webbing nice very comic accurate yeah
we what who did let go of your web who
did okay okay I'm here I'm here to help
no no there was a lady who said please
don't take my purse who is that okay all
I know about spider-man count comes from
the 90s cartoon well you probably loved
Tobey Maguire spider-man though that's
right I'm the man with this Treyarch to
who later became known for Call of Duty
possibly I don't know or was that just
the ps1 spider-man games I don't know
yeah I did it what were you just talking
about I've I've Treyarch Treyarch no
before then Treyarch was behind the
black ops series wasn't just black ops I
don't I don't know call of duty that
well I know they did the black ops I
guess I just assumed they were doing all
of the Call of Duty all that duty wait
I'm here for you
citizen hello citizen I am here for you
happened to Raven Software too they work
on Call of Duty now oh I want to fall
for Raven what did they do
Jedi Knight soldier of fortune they were
a first-person shooter
Deb's for like since the early days the
pioneers yes they were in the Pioneer
era in the pot they were they were
forging wagons the hex or heretic or
both I don't remember
hey this has a this has a spider-sense
mat Man esque combo SACEUR counter
system that's really funny
this has this has the Batman counter
system years before Arkham Arkham stole
it from spider-man - did you guys see
that the his head globe gold was glowing
and after his head was done glowing you
can counter we get do you guys like the
Jedi Knight games I don't I don't think
the first couple of them aged
particularly good like dark forces
that's that's really I guess dark forces
isn't bad
and then Jedi Knight I think that's aged
like crap but Jedi Knight 2 was
fantastic
Jedi Knights who was the best Star Wars
game chat outside of TIE fighter outside
of Taif yeah you loved tyfa oh yeah
OOP excuse me what up did I play
expedite it was fine does it fall to his
death
if you just wait very possible like do
you see him splat on the ground that
would be great
my question is how does she know he's
gonna fall cuz he's like three blocks
away
what I do
okay no I wanted to save him
okay can I put him down now
Texas panhandler says when I was in the
Air Force when I got home from work I
used to sit down and decompress by just
swinging around in this game for hours
great memories I'll listen this game was
great for just swinging around yeah yeah
like once you get the flow of it oh
there I did a little wall run thing but
like you know into preparing all of the
spider-man open-world games the the
random encounters
nowhere near enough they all got old so
quick well yeah yeah you'd only save
that guy from following so many times oh
sure we'll try to find as many following
guys as we can and we'll save the same
yellow guy we know but that way
Webber shadows same thing repetitive
events but at least the fights you got
into for a lot of those events were fun
fights all right that's fair I've talked
to this lady like three times who's
gotta go to the hospital
hurry up jack before she dies of a
broken leg severely injure her more by
throwing her on your back and swinging
through the city Agra horribly agitating
whatever injury it has basically
ensuring she will have major internal
injuries yep
you're such a hero such a hero I think
I'm gonna be sick Spider Man oh this is
just of my broken vote it's not poking
through my skin why just put me down
you're not supposed to move me I'm hurt
you're killing me spider-man you're
killing me you could have called for an
ambulance spider-man if you're not
broken my ribs what did you stop to get
a coin spider-man broken rib is not
piercing my lung spider-man like how
much stress would that put on your body
just like swinging from a building even
if you were properly harnessed that
would fuck your shit up red shoe is the
worst of spider-man's enemies the big
wheel the big wheel yeah basically it's
like fighting a ferris wheel all right
you got me though the jackal is still
probably the worst the jackal Clone Saga
guy absolute worst
the Jekyll you've never heard of the big
wheel he's probably only ever in one
issue I doubt they brought the big wheel
back the big wheel was a villain there
was a guy in the center of it and he
just had a he was just he's a senator's
a big wheel they got a cannons on the
side or something he was just a big
wheel you see what are we gonna I think
you just got to feed it I like rolling
off a pier or something that's great
frogman was pretty lame well I think he
was a joke to begin with
I don't think big wheel was intended to
be a joke gotcha Punk very fond of us
old spectacular spider-man issue were
this villain called The Walrus was able
to beat spider-man because spider-man
was just too busy laughing at him to put
up a fight
Spiderman was doubled over and laughter
anyone facing down this man this man in
a giant walrus suit let's say the saying
he had the proportional speed strength
and agility of a walrus technically that
would make him very strong but I'm not
gonna nominate him for worst villain
because that was intentionally a joke Oh
same with leapfrog guy who jumped in a
big frog costume he teamed up with the
walrus at some point yeah gotcha Punk I
gave it back to you already yep you're
welcome hey you're welcome
can I punch her so manatee from venture
brothers but decades and decades before
mention Brothers has ripped off a lot of
Marvel Comics oh my rich they have paid
oh my when it's when it's as obscure as
the walrus it's ripping off that could
just be a fan that could just be a big
that could just be someone being like
you remember the walrus that was a
stupid villain let's make fun of that
it call me crazy but I think there
should be an automatic let go of the web
button which can you elaborate on why
the Clone Saga was so bad I wasn't alive
when the Clone Saga was published
alright imagine you you you grew up
idolizing a character for decades
yeah for at that point close to like
well I wasn't reading spider-man when I
was an infant but at that point you know
six or eight years of my life finalizing
spider-man more than that and it's not
just idolizing someone this is what you
know though the way comics are put out
this is a character who you have read
and has developed over the course of
decades yes and they tell me that oh
he's a fake
the whole time he's been a fake yep
there's a slap to the fucking face yeah
so here's the real spider-man
oh and he's blonde now I got for those
who don't know I don't know who this
jackass is there might be some people
who don't know what the Clone Saga is is
they they said Peter Parker wasn't
really spider Bart wasn't really Spicer
spider-man in the comics for the last 20
years at that point yeah was really a
clone right and the real person who we
should care about is Ben Riley
got your punks which is worse the Clone
Saga or one more day and they both told
me to go fuck myself it's just like I
didn't actually get the message until
one more day I really get kicked in the
nuts by Marvel so often you'll start
sprinting along the wall it's pretty
cool nothing beats jumping off a swing
line hitting the wall sprinting along it
for a few seconds and then so what was
Ben Riley doing while Peter Parker was
spider-man he was actually a hobo he had
this whole 1970s Hope thing going on
where he just wandered from town to town
he had no home I don't know very
relatable very very relatable it's like
when you're a kid you're reading comics
that's what you want to read about you
want to read about hobos doing a good
deed
how did then Riley get superpowers Clone
Saga is literally a clone of Peter
Parker
well Peter Parker was a clone time
that's what they tried to say yes so as
far as the comics were concerned Ben
Riley got his powers she was radioactive
spider pride and the character we've
been reading about twenty years got his
powers from being cloned by the real
deal right the kick to the balls Oh big
time and I remember at the comic book
store during the Clone Saga I really
hated the Clone Saga as I was going on
and the owner of the comic book star
actually kind of taunted me how you
gonna keep reading it anyway you know it
I dropped all of the spider-man books
right then they they kind of they kind
of they kind of fuck themselves over
with that one the kind of book star
you're gonna keep reignited yeah no I'm
not
you're gonna keep buying it cuz I heard
you can't stop reading it because your
nerd didn't say that
that's kind of the Adam sir nerds read
comic books here's you comic book nerd
that's great first of all that's great
that's like yeah you're right you know
pull all this shit right now I'm done
yeah why am I still buying this shit
I was like a blockbuster I get it
wow they were good people today at that
comic book stars just one one incident
probably - probably didn't go how they
would have liked to have gone and they'd
be like a fried crabby day or something
yeah crabby about it was just like I
know what you're gonna do they ended up
being wrong yeah yeah
you're gonna keep buying it anyway
let's did you bag and board your comics
yes anyone who cares about their comics
bags and boards then you have until near
the end I didn't care that much anyway I
just I stopped still behind them for a
while so comics were to Rich's crack was
to addicts got it I I stopped cold
turkey successfully with no regrets
that's so I'm sorry
I'm also running really fast man
Starkiller in the chat I mean with
ultimate yeah basically the question is
why why replace ultimate spider-man with
Miles Morales when they were already too
similar they were both young kids yeah
running around with spider powers why
why did you need Miles Morales I would
argue by that point Brian Bendis had
already shit the Peter Parker bed yeah
yes he already he had already made the
story of Peter Parker unbelievably
horrific to read with tragedy after
tragedy and that was a slog at that
point yeah well and so like one yes to
sales of ultimate spider-man were
declining steadily because Brian Bendis
had shit the bed right and so you
replace him with a new character so you
can start fresh and hopefully grab a new
demographic by your show yeah yeah it
makes it done of sense and obviously
like you know part of it works because
miles is still around and beloved by the
people I mean I know they want to say
diversity was just for diversity but no
Brian Bendis had already kind of ruined
ultimate spider-man Peter Parker yeah
that was already just horrible yeah I'm
diversity probably you know what like
diversity played a part in it as much as
they're like well this is a big chunk of
our audience there's not a lot of people
who are buying this stuff let's see if
we can sell them more shit probably help
sell it to the higher-ups yeah exactly
oh no the higher-ups Oh probably if it
wasn't an idea from the higher-ups
because well you know this is a key part
of our demographic that we feel is
underrepresented and we can get more
money out of that yeah let's get more
money at that point ultimate Peter
Parker's life was already unbearably
miserable yes agreed because of Bendis
because of Brian Bendis who's now going
over to DC he can go ruin all sorts of
heroes now he can
Brian Michael Bendis has an amazing
talent to reinvigorate and then
completely ruin characters man he does a
great job of breathing breathing some
new life into characters and then just
motion him into the ground
oh look at this lady just in half Anna
dude you were talking about replacing
Peter Parker with Ben Reilly thought you
said Miles Morales out there unless you
misspoke oh why the oh so the question
is why would they replace Peter Parker
with with Ben Reilly two reasons okay
two reasons first reasons first reason a
lot of a lot of the writers at the time
didn't like the marriage he was married
pretty much the whole time I was reading
the comic book though so it didn't
bother me but a lot of writers thought
oh it needs to be single oh sure sure
they basically refused to try and write
Mary Jane right
well and I like from from a business
standpoint you're like okay it's mostly
kids who are reading this they're not
gonna care about like the day-to-day
married life of Peter Parker the other
reason and this is the big one this is
the real reason DC had just printed
money by big events where they killed
off Superman silver mine is jaddo big
event big event the series will never be
the same big event Batman well we broke
bruce bruce wayne's back big event big
event Batman will never be the same
there's a new Batman change-o event
foiled and broths covers Marvel is like
we need to do a big event and so they
ruined spider-man
well that was a big event yes so you
know you're welcome
so as far as Ben Riley is concerned did
they retcon their own retcon and say
that Ben was really the clone all along
because of fan backlash yes at the time
I was the biggest spider-man fan in the
world and I stopped reading the books
I'm sure I wasn't alone come on I was
like like a gyro maybe two after the
Clone Saga that ended I was in a wasn't
my normal comic book store but just a
different big different comic book store
there's a driving ban I got let's check
them out sure they had a whole shelf it
was just discounted Clone Saga comics
that they couldn't get rid of I picked
up I picked up a lot of them for like
you know pennies yeah
so in some gaps I guess we'll finally
see what this is
the Clone Saga $0.20 wall or whatever
they would buy one get 10 free is some
kind of insane deal like that oh sure
rich what was your reaction to the end
of amazing spider-man slash beginning of
superior spider-man I I wasn't reading
by then
if Peter Parker is not married I am I am
not reading the books by that point the
really I had stopped reading like a few
months earlier like I think I think I
dropped the comic books when they were
doing that the other storyline the other
story is mystical with something
mystical mystical oh yeah mr. go we've
all been there where the heck first of
all I can't like that was I think that
was the story where they gave spider-man
Wolverine claws
you really did you remember that
apparently not oh he had stingers that
came out of his wrists for a while very
briefly when the fuck are you doing I'm
gone that's the correct answer
yes and then I know then right after
that that into the civil war story Civil
War happened like right after that this
is like near my end end of reading comic
books okay and I'm like Peter Parker
revealing this identity that that almost
kind of got me back cuz that's an
interesting concept yeah I'd like to see
what they do with this and what they did
with that was retcon that and the
marriage you know I'm gone I'm glad I
left why I think almost got me back
though yeah cuz that was that was neat
I got there's some new possibilities
type a somebody telling possibilities
with this concept yeah Peter Parker
known to the world
oh oh oh they only did that because they
knew they were gonna retcon everything
Oh yep Oh web zip
does rich have any fond memories of
reading spider-man or just written it
all off completely I got a lot of back
issues I'm fond of I'm very fond
especially because I read them when I
was fifteen but the old Stanley Steve
did Co issues like the originals oh
those are fun yeah I love
what's-his-name Roger Stern's run time
to fall go had a great running amazing
there's a lot of older issues that I
love
what back when every game needed a
bullet time I guess it makes sense here
spider-man well yeah oh I don't hate
belong time I'm just I think that was
the thing I just didn't know i unlock
that and of course every game needs
bullet time Max Payne was awesome I
think games still duple at time all
right
top spidey villains do you guys like
JRPGs you gonna have to try it harder
than that to troll me man ah I'm fairly
easy to troll which shows how little
effort you actually put into that any
another drink
I can't believe I ran off like that I
must be out of my mind
yeah then start swinging again yeah I
know how to swing already you don't need
to teach me that wait wait what's that
Oh can a doe a token meadow so hey guys
thanks to the streams is the enemy AI
and Metal Gear Solid 5 to easy some of
the gameplay footage I've seen makes it
seem that way is there a better stealth
experience on the ps4 I'm I'm not aware
of all that many stealth experiences on
the ps4 specifically right that's that's
the tough part
I don't remember hating it's been a
while since I played it out but I don't
remember hating the AI know I think I
think yeah I was acceptable there were
challenges you know I definitely felt
like it was appropriate I don't remember
making any notes about the AI yes yeah
exactly so dark man yes that was Bruce
Campbell yes who made those spider
movies Sam Raimi who was Sam Raimi's
bestie
that would be Bruce Campbell so when
they they got people to voice the game
and based on the Sam Raimi movie they
got Bruce Campbell in
true blue review says hey guys hi I have
a relevant story two days ago a broken
mattress spring slashed my leg as I was
getting up in the morning yeah this just
goes to show that even your fucking bed
can be an edged weapon again literally
everything can be an edged weapon
literally literally everything is
horrifying Matt Avalon he says a nominee
in this year's Game Awards Steve some
spam spewed Spanish money said high of
noise I know SPO HN is almost paralyzed
and plays games like Hub G and rocket
League a blind electrician made a video
to support Steve really I've never heard
of this I have no idea what you're
talking right it's all it's all Greek to
me
good for him great yeah
inspiration inspiration I feel but I
don't even know what you're talking
about and I feel inspired I'm gonna
paralyze myself just so I can be just
like Steve spool
oh shit look at them ps2 titties you
messed up spider-man nope no you did
she's oh wait where'd you go yet follow
her
I believe the objective is not to let
her get too far away if I remember I'm
gonna fuck up yeah you fucked up you
might already be screwed I don't know I
don't know jack fuck now I am oh my god
but I found a secret oh my god
shut up lady I'm trying to find a sexy
cat lady that that's not climb the wall
you spider-man I was swinging is faster
rich swinging is faster swinging is
faster if you know how to swing oh hey
you were waiting for me thanks breezes
crisp says have you heard about time
splitters rewind fan update project with
permission from free radical what do you
think on people being given the okay to
update long dead games
oh-ho-ho Mary breeze miss I don't I
don't think it's a new thing people
trying to update old games I don't I
think most of these projects have failed
or lost interest but more power to them
yo people are still doing shit with doom
fucking hell with the web-swinging god
damn it people have made do many more
times more many times more awesome than
it was originally fucking me some I'm
all for this practice whoa mana a
sexual-assault er well technically she's
a criminal no means no jab yeah well
he's not he's not sexually assaulting
her he's trying to bring her to justice
where the cops will almost certainly
sexually assault her
then spider-man will get the cops that's
a whole difference you know like one one
assault sir is victim at a time please
shit know that spider-man you absolute
dingus get on the fucking roof none of
us is rich I want to cut soda out of my
diet but I just can't get diet coke down
my throat it tastes like cough syrup to
me did you have this problem and if so
how did you deal with him I I did have a
problem where I didn't like to taste a
diet coke and you just honestly you get
used to it at this point the non-diet
stuff tastes weird too babe
so I think you know it's not great
advice but the only advice I give you
stay the course or or you could consider
like water or something like that
god damn you cat lady
Coke Zero is fine Oh Coke Zero is the
worst the absolute worst
so skin tight leather doesn't that kind
of chase you'll never find out that's
for sure
damn hey miss lady I caught up to you
you always chase girls you brush you off
I have standards after all standard is
the word and here I was expecting
amazing Hey huh yep ha ha me with the
ladies fighting who's with that girl was
she
you know this chapter opening reminds me
of something
the Spidy store gets new items every
time a new chapter starts aha
next time you have a chance visit the
store and check out what they've got oh
boy
thanks for his gamble kibosh malarkey
says what's the best insult you've ever
burned someone down with once during an
argument with a cheating axe I told her
you as bad a liar as you are a person
good times
oh I I don't have any that I especially
remember off the top of my head yeah I
don't think I've cataloged these things
what's up I'm with you I I can't think
of a specific burn I was that guy oh no
- we got to
here here it's one guy once - no what I
called him Jack you know that call I got
a real good one
you called them white white huge bird I
don't get it okay that's a rickety thing
you white why is some like that oh I
don't get it
that was a sick burn though white white
guilts what it was from one of the Rick
and Morty interdimensional TV episodes
uh-huh
I'm just gonna yeah I'm just gonna be
here saying yeah man you you you do you
you do you man
you just use the the alien Garfield
insulting the alien Jon Arbuckle okay
great Spanish banana says regarding
previous stream
I work in Disneyland Paris and we are
not a flop
what Disneyland has also parks in
Shanghai Tokyo and Hong Kong
on that note thoughts on Disney may be
getting Fox cheers yeah it looks like
it's gonna happen we talked about that a
bunch in another stream I personally I
like riches idea of them buying DC next
that'd be the interesting one yeah as
I've said where do they go after
infinity war well Marvel vs. DC might be
pretty awesome mmm in marvel's hands in
in Disney Disney hands yes absolutely no
I think you know I think it's great
they're gonna they're gonna get a whole
bunch of properties back and at what
point is Disney a pop cultural monopoly
you have Marvel and Star Wars for fuck's
sake right I only wish they had Star
Trek because then they might make it
good yeah
discovery isn't that bad yeah it's not
that great either yeah sure you know
what I could be with you that high
what oh my God he's stuck inside of a
manhole I'm coming buddy
hold on I'll ensure you more buddy
web-swing nothing like swinging on a
guy's shoulder at 80 miles an hour to
help that internal injury we hold on I
got to stop an armed robbery you're okay
getting shot right let me see how much I
can jostle you
like he doesn't swing when you want him
to swing he swings me that why you swing
fucking spider-man got him did it I did
it
yeah where am I
thing over here and wants more Spidey
powers madam says busting my ass for
work tonight I live in Scotland and it's
fab to have you on in the background
helping me stay awake
hi welcome from Scotland don't be too
entertaining
I got simulations to build shakes fist
you okay man right you build those them
simulation lessons I had to help keep
you awake you build them will just be
over here playing this simulation of
spider-man ah I could double jump
your jump-off kick if you could be any
spider-man villain which one would you
be the human the human yeah that first
of all nice but how about you get with
it get it together I am human
a normal human but also that would be
the lamest rich you have a chance to be
like super strong or fly or like have
extra arms but also a spider-man villain
which means you're gonna get your ass
kicked not necessarily you can turn good
turn good man use your power for good
you know I like doc Ock's whole thing
but I think overall I would prefer to be
the spot I love the spot I love his
little portal things adorable this is an
adorable villain but I also think I also
think it is a practical power I think
like having the ability to like make
interdimensional area transporting
portals would be very helpful in
everyday life I had that issue the first
appearance of the spot oh yeah in the
comics and it was I had it at school
actually and somebody at the school
wanted to buy it from me and so I
actually looked up the proper price that
it was going for and I demanded the
price that was like in the book the
price book for comics and he got all
upset oh yeah right kind of like this
issue right like I bought this is a bag
issue it's about what I paid for it like
could you imagine how much I could
charge I could be in the transportation
business as the spot instance any
package anywhere instantly and
anywhere well yes to set up his spots
first you have to okay if you have to
fly to Paris to set up the portal isn't
really worth it fly to Paris set up the
portal fly back set up your portal in
New York rich you now have the Oh Jack
you're thinking outside the box you have
the only business that can
instantaneously get people from New York
to Paris how much are they going to
charge for that premium my friend all
right safer than air travel get your
package there instantaneously friend
amore do credit where do I end and so
you know there there are a ton of
practical applications for portal
technology hello you might do the
mission or whatever what am I supposed
to be doing now do I know
do I care complete daily bugle
assignment and 3,000 more he replies oh
shit
wait let's play Mass Effect 1 I don't I
don't like funerals semi-competent I get
it this is hype else hi I just played
Mirror's Edge and thought it was better
as a relaxing game than for its story
thoughts
I've never played Murs edge as a
relaxing game that that's a pretty
vomit-inducing relaxing game you got
there yes been gone a while what do I
say now instead of lol fuck my cock no
you got it still still that I think
we're still saying that Mirror's Edge is
not a very relaxing game as my only
comment you know that's that's the game
where if that's the first person runner
game parkour wasn't yeah so it's like to
me Mirror's Edge has always been like
vomit-inducing and frantic
so way up there real my time really and
mostly out here anyway but you can see
this I have not played Star Trek Online
check you haven't is Star Trek and Star
Trek I know
also did you know Star Trek nope they
did not get Elizabeth Banks to reprise
her role as I'm sorry Eddie Brandt I'm
very sorry
you should be wait did they get nope
nope they did not get JK Simmons back he
didn't portal to him that's all that
matters
JK Simmons they should have they should
have got JK they should have gotten
literally anyone else but this dude
anyone else it was more like the crink
Hubley sounds like lame to fold Robbie
Robertson here
Margaret like you to take you he's also
like is speaking really sinister like
the Robbie in the movie was like hey
Jonah let's go do this
Oh Jonah framework familiar with the
comics I would be waiting for that guy
to become a villain right run trip
falses I have missed out on three years
free wreck what the fuck is wrong with
me nothing
I will also be going to my first beef
fest January 26th and 27th at
Northwestern I hope you guys can make
this year all you'll never seem here to
be fest I'm not up for a marathon
alright I'm not doing that to myself
yeah you know like I'm okay would be
fast I don't know if I'll ever make it
again just because life gets in the way
but it's it's a good time you know some
quick tips if it's your first be fest
don't bring any alcohol not because you
can't drink it I'm actually not sure on
the rules and that it's just you will
fall asleep and miss half of the movies
so don't plan on drinking at all if you
are the drinking sort alright not
obsessed I stopped watching your stream
to go on chest of the worst Wow amazing
episode but holy shit Mike is always so
abusive towards you
oh no what did he do rich oh he didn't
like this shirt that I am now probably
wearing he didn't like your pac-man sure
oh they don't have to put the episodes
up while we're streaming control us
apparently I can put this episode up two
days ago weird and we're still we're
still losing viewers to a jacket such as
such is life alright such is life it's
all fine
what are you gonna do I'll tell you what
nothing I'm not gonna do a damn thing
about it
I don't know it's up here but I'm gonna
get it anonymous is hi rich it's the guy
who drives to LA on Wednesdays today the
entire state of California is on fire
did you see the pictures no oh my god
the entire state of California is on
fire there's a wildfire spreading
through parts of California having a
wildfire spreading through parts of
California this is going through a big
residential area like it looks horrific
that's that's how Eric Larson lost all
of his childhood chemical drugs oh is
that true name is made as a kid yeah he
drew his own comic books currently for
years now the Savage Dragon has been
like him as an adult recreating those
comics but there was a wildfire in the
1990s that just destroyed his home and
all of his old Oh his old comic books he
made as a kid that's too bad
yeah you know that's too bad
climb climb
that's too bad yeah it's it looks
devastating it's just one of those like
everything is wrong with the world
there's fire everywhere and you know
they've been having all the of these
droughts recently which of course is a
Sur baiting the the fires it's very sad
thoughts on net neutrality those same
guys oh now we're done talking about
fire so a fire bad
net neutrality good I don't know many
people who aren't corporations I think
that neutrality is a bad thing right
I've had to call my senator a shocking
number of times this month rich shocking
number I hope everyone is doing the same
you call your Congress people you call
your senators there's a there's easy
numbers to do that and you tell them how
you feel about net neutrality and how
you feel they should vote my senator or
one of my senators mr. Ron Johnson
really doesn't want net neutrality he
and he is planning on voting yeah repeal
net neutrality so I've called him and
I've said hey there mister
do this yeah waggle my finger yeah
and then you think here's the thing rich
it does a lot of because they people
call in mass and they flood the lines
and they get so annoyed and they get so
scared for re-election that they act it
actually does do something rich all
right I know you like to be negative but
it's important to have your voice heard
and I also call my other senator who is
in favor of net neutrality and say hey
hey there miss Tammy Baldwin good on you
you keep doing good cuz I like that
thing that you do because that's all
that's equally important you want to
make sure that yeah if someone votes
right what they do right
this is epic music for a picture taking
this music is great this music that's
utterly generic no this is epic music
for picture taking the current mixer
machine Arman is taking pictures of the
city and I've chosen this music
web-swing fucking dick I was pressing
the web Center
so yeah it's it's a hopefully there's
been a lot of pressure there's been a
lot of pressure on the government as far
as net neutrality is concerned and as
long as we keep it up we just have to
keep the pressure on them
sure and as it's it's tiring for those
people who are like hey we got to keep
pressure on this we got to keep pressure
on this we got to keep pressure on this
there's so that uh Jack they'll keep
pushing do they get their way huh
they'll keep pushing did they get their
way and not if we keep pushing back not
if we keep pushing back can't be
defeatists but you know and of course
this is coming right after the tax bill
and this is coming right after this and
right after this and there's like a
million things and it's like every
single day you got to make those calls
and we can do it we just have to be
vigilant and it's you know what it's
tiring
I think there's money to be made they'll
be relentless so then we just have to be
really honest and that's okay and then
and and more importantly we have to
remember that come next election and we
have say motherfuckers took away the
shit we like hey motherfuckers we're
gonna vote you out of a job that's my
that's my song about you know I fear
we're hitting too political that never
ends well oh you just wait rich cuz I'm
really all you go coma says let me tell
you a nickel color says so what about
rich great is always to watch you guys
next year my Amazon and eBay accounts
both turned 20 years old oh wow
what were you doing in 1998 like this
specific moment in 1998 I don't freaking
remember stuff I was in high school I
was in high school I was a sophomore in
high school
no what's the second year of high school
that sophomore yes I was a sophomore in
high school
get those pictures to John and I don't
know oh that's when I was wearing a
trench coat filled with props yep that
was during my trench coat filled with
props time probably watching the news
about Columbine right around that time
was that 98 was a 98 chap when when was
the horrible highschool mass shooting
yeah I want to talk about that instead
of pellets so fuck Colin tics are let's
talk about the shooting
think about it rich think about that
they're saying that was 99 that was my
god this is the worst the only thing
this game had going for was the
webslinger yeah bruce campbell yeah
I want shots of spider-man switch to the
Hulk Jack what are you going to play the
hole we're doing we have no right yeah
well that was the plan
I was just gonna see how much of this I
could stand yeah um we're getting you
dan what's there someone up time me I
start a little late but is it true Jack
Ward Genco jeans I wore Jenko jeans that
was the the the summer between 8th grade
and freshman year for me yeah was my
goth phase my goth I was industrial like
like Construction boots combat boots
Jenko jeans black metal t-shirts you
know normal normal stuff what's our
updated JJ Jameson had a normal mustache
in the movies right he didn't have the
classic comic book Hitler mustache I
want to say
Goff Jack pictures please huh yeah oh
yeah chain wallet and I had a chain
wallet no one is giving me up time
where's it where's hack botton why isn't
hack bought up timing us
I'm sorry started like 10 after 6
somewhere around there I am inside a
building there is no thief in here she
even started 1 hour 38 minutes ago what
you know I'm good we're gonna give this
a solid two hours and then we'll give
Hulk a solid uh yes Alec - yeah let's
split it up evenly because I only have
that I don't have spider-man in the Hulk
and get Doc Martens or Bulldog boots our
38 Jack our 38 yeah you look at that
ugly Rhino is look worse Oh has he
well John DiMaggio is it it's it's it
has the same like what do they call it
timber like that that might be him it
could be just funny cuz spectacular
spider-man he voiced the sandbag oh yeah
yeah he's a great
turn the tide enough time watch your
last time also your mod is being
political and only delete one side of
arguments your mod emo what yeah I know
no politics oh fuck fuck
they're great J I'm trying to web them
up I think you got a web his eyes and
then jump out of the way oh sure
we gotta do it more than once check stop
relying on your spider since it's
getting you killed
no but I have to that's what no let's
never ready to feed the right oh yeah
see there's gonna get dizzy Bruce
Campbell told me to use my spider-sense
alright alright I'm gonna listen to
Bruce Campbell what happens if you what
model what min the face says he's
charging and just get out of the way I
can do this but I don't think that does
anything you're so good at like what
he's charging
nope you ran towards him boss fights and
these guys are all so horrible yeah
webbing I pressed the button that time
what everything just doesn't work the
nine Weber shadows there's some fun boss
fights in that gun I pressed it I
pressed it I also died hey let's retry
that mission
well the shadows is a night loop fight
with Wolverine oh yeah yeah excuse me
ladies stuck inside the rhinos model
could you run away please dinguses
Punisher and any spider-man game doesn't
he doesn't it cameo in one of the
PlayStation 1 spider-man games there's
some game a spider-man game I think it's
got a Punisher candy arrow oh yeah
good night crazy white Nick Fury cameos
and ps1 spider-man remember what Nick
Fury was white you know it's hard
actually to remember that it's hard to
remember that you know why like 50 years
see but he makes he looks so much better
as Samuel Jackson he looks so much
better
Samuel Jackson they've David Hasselhoff
made of Nick Fury movie rigs I remember
that
all I do now check we don't we don't
have the Punisher game here no sorry I
only have spider-man and Hulk ultimate
destruction and if it's a shootie shoot
game I'd probably enjoy it more if I can
play it with a mouse is there a PC
release for the old Punisher game for
the old Punisher game dickhead see it's
not nice when people just yell stuff is
it this is why I would be a pretty bad
spider-man so I'm saying there is a PC
version of that game yeah well then
there you go I'm just a matter of
tracking it down
I just hate I hate the web-slinging what
I what I want to do and I think I don't
know if this is how they've done it in
the past
bitch check I don't know too much about
the Punisher arcade game but I do think
the Punisher NES game is highly
underrated Punisher NES game yeah well
yeah I don't remember it's it's it's
like you see the Punisher at the bottom
of the screen third person but it's also
of just a rail shooter it Scrolls cross
punishes the bottom of the screen you
kind of move them left and right to
dodge things while shooting and
everything on the screen okay
oh my god there's like a kid in a
balloon oh wait what no there's a kid in
a balloon
I hate you game I officially hate this
game oh it's not a kid in a balloon it's
just a kid's balloon oh that happens old
time in this game yeah yeah I'd love to
throw that kid off of the building I
gotta get his stupid balloon now what
are you doing oh yeah I'm working out a
dick your fucking ass my balloon
Ayatollah of rock and roll asses i watch
Cronenberg's existence last night a film
19 years old and yet still awesome
Kronborg talked about video games being
a form of art mixed with reality melding
body horror have you seen I have not I
lost it I'm sorry
have you seen existence I have not I'm a
fan of Cronenberg you know I haven't
seen all of his movies but oh but I like
him how big him yeah I don't know if
this is how they did web-swinging in
other games but what I want to do is
hold down the button to hold on to your
web and then let go to let go I think
that's how they did it the other game
the other mode of swinging of this might
be that the other motifs agent that
would be great
which what you probably anger everybody
in the chat because everyone loves this
complicated convoluted style of web
slinging which once I got used to
witness it was fun a little bit bad the
the problem isn't the web swinging
itself go onto the menu hold on I gotta
stop I got to stop a car jet I got hit
by a car why don't you go into the menu
to get better web swinging and then stop
the car because I'll stop the car first
and yeah just run after the car I'll be
the okay
everything's fine I hear that mashing
going out well that's what it is that's
the whole game Josh mash mash okay yeah
Jake probably hasn't played this game in
15 years if I even played it when it
first came out and you know I'm sure I
did but I have no memory of this game
you seem familiar with that boy we
talked about last time the web swinging
around the city I'm playing it now I'm
not so sure on that I'll be honest with
you okay okay let's see what happens if
we turn easy swing on oh that's so much
fucking better will you just let go to
jump yes please that's what the shadows
I got hit by the helicopter and ultimate
spider died I got hit by the helicopter
blades I died but you can't you can't
you can't do the with that or can you
with the this easy mode I don't think so
let's fuck let's find out what happens
if I just keep holding it no Ben I just
say okay
oh it doesn't matter that's that's the
only way to web-swing Oh God
you you let go of the button to let go
of the web I can't oh yeah the other way
was so lame because the other way you
had to you had to press the jump or you
depress and then release the jump button
in order to swing oh this feels so much
fucking better this is the way it needs
to be this is now I feel like spider-man
whoever thought that the other way was
the good way sucks
you have to be fair I think both ways
have the merits the other games I think
sacrifice the complicated web swinging
for other things you can do with those
buttons but look like look how much
easier I can get it wrong I'm still
swing and it's still spideyman just buy
a team and spy and it's still like it's
still uses that you have to swing on to
a real building mechanic oh hey yeah
that's the way to do it that's
absolutely the way to do it but you're
way slower with easy swinging on I seem
to be doing just fine you know what
really slows you down is when you can't
press the buttons correctly and end up
behind a building that you didn't want
to be behind that really slows you down
watch up faster catch this fucking car
yeah in Jack's defense an hour and 40
minutes and since it's not much time to
master the controls
now I'm now more convinced than ever
that you would love whether shadows yeah
it sounds like I would just also one of
the better zombie games ever made okay
shit yeah fucking spider man come on I
am I am almost convinced that at some
point its development whether shadows
was going to be a Marvel Zombies game
but they they changed things around
because they got cold feet I'm almost
convinced though yeah yeah yeah coming
for you shit
gotcha
you don't remember zombies and Webber
shadows well they're not zombies they're
they're people with venom symbiotes on
them that act like crazy people who want
to murder everyone this is nothing at
all like a zombie web of shadows is a
zombie game in disguise starring
spider-man fuck you all right we have to
have a web of shadows stream now okay
how do we play that again one again we
do we figure out how to play it
what was that ps3 Wii I think I could
just bring in my xbox 360 I'm sure I'm
sure I still have it
why be shadows yeah okay I don't I don't
throw stuff out I'm a packrat with games
yeah let me I'm just gonna double check
how much web of Shadows Xbox 360 okay
yeah okay yeah they're around they're
around for reasonable prices so they're
saying there's a PC port yeah but I
don't think it's very easy to find it's
not on Steam yeah we looked before and
it's it's it's hard to come across lower
shadows has the worst spider-man voice
ever yeah it's not a very great one no
I'll grant you that but there's more to
a game rather than the voice acting
crime doesn't pay
leave it to me
take that criminals haha I am spider-man
with the spider plan take in all your
money
wait it just makes more sense to let go
of the button to let go of the web right
Tech Tillie
that's that more closely mirrors the
thing that spider-man's doing is it cuz
all right in the comics the way I always
thought ya was he's still holding on to
the one web while he's shooting the
other yeah it's not a jump and then
shoot another web it's a swing shoot
he's holding onto both briefly let go
swing well what would make the most
sense huh is if the other shoulder
button was your other web swinger I
think it does that not miss remember
doing that in this game maybe it's part
of an upgrade but I remembered doing
that this game maybe I'm nuts maybe I'm
just remembering it wrong
well you you are because this this
shoulder button is run is run okay and
this is slo-mo time what's this is web
swing this is recenter camera yeah yeah
alright so I think you're nuts all right
the other way how are you web swinging
in this so the other way is you press r2
to shoot your web yeah you then you
don't have to keep pressing it you can
let go of it but then you have to hold
down the jump button what happens if you
press r2 twice the other way go back to
the other way just swing and instead of
jumping hit that our r2 button again
does it shoot out a second web I don't
think it does
we will see okay no yeah okay Chet I am
so fucking right you can take that
Mandela effect and shove it up your
fuckin ass oh there they come call me
crazy saying we just have the Mandela
effect fuck you
suck it suck it well yeah this makes a
lot more sense here I've been jumping
off my web every time okay yeah okay
this is a little more workable my
problem came when I was jumping off my
web every time and you can still jump to
do the super moves
yeah Oh see ya then you can then you let
go to let go of that first one yeah Oh
rich this changes everything
this is why people like the web-swinging
in this game they only did that in this
one oh okay
this changes everything yeah yeah jack
is bad at gaming says scorn 1210
absolutely absolutely
listen I'm sure after an hour of playing
a game you have mastered everything
about it you know not all of us can be
you scorned jumping is everything in
this game not left right living what
jumping you know did get made me move a
little faster you know you cuz then you
can jump off of stuff but but this is
more in line with how spider-man swings
yeah yeah and you get a little more
control and then you can like speed up
swing swing well what I can see I can
see it both ways I can see it both ways
good work jack I'm pretty awesome
spider-man I'm not gonna lie now that I
know how to web-swing I'm a pretty
awesome spider-man
wait I know I am thank you for saying so
go
should I read this should I read this
which one I'm thinking no it's just a
little bit too crude for crudeness sake
I'm gonna go with no I mean you don't
have to yeah you don't have to it's it's
strange yeah it is crude and it's not
necessarily funny it just feels like
yeah like you're being like that person
whoever wrote that assuming somebody was
upset with their landlord right and is
using our stream as a platform to and
slope them right so it's like a
mousetrap says you're a person in the
comic comments you also hate it Rich's
shirt that's here right there you have
that pretty nice pac-man shirt yeah I
hope that when you go to hell the only
video game you can play is the awful
Atari 2600 port of pac-man for eternity
oh wow
Oh number three we got number three over
and over and over there's only like five
different events in this pathetic you
know in two hours we've had three you
know like that's what I was hoping for
I'm not knowing the balloon one I just
need to get you down right
twenty-eighth dresses Jack and rich I
write for a cable drama and sometimes I
like to name characters after people I
know if I name characters after you guys
would you want to be heroes vilem
villains victims frauds first of all
look at this weird shit that's happening
on screen all the white has turned into
like checkered patterns you see they
have something to capture right I have
no idea fucking weird is that no look
it's the TV the capture doesn't show it
no it's showing up oh now it is yeah
that's weird it's the whole sky yeah
yeah I would like to be a villain yeah
yeah just cuz why not oh yeah I want to
see what they do it with it I'll be a
hero when I can punch Jack in the face
not my beautiful face all right what's
our up time now it's close enough mmm
it's if it's not two hours even we're at
like one hour and 49 minutes or
something right I see just switch it
over now oh no we are over two hours
we're good we're good
over writing data analysis I saw x-files
recently yeah and it is nuts some of it
do you think alien contact theories were
one plausible to a smoke screen by the
government to hide military weapons
testing or three a complete delusion of
sad weirdos complete delusion of sad
weird oh yeah and you know not even here
not even sad weirdos not even weirdos
just a complete delusion yeah government
smokescreen would not be something as
weird as alien UFOs also the amount of
people it would take to cover that up
who would then actually stay quiet would
be far too many someone would leak
someone would let that shit out and so
it's just it's just people who are who
make shit up

[Part II]
over writing data analysis I saw x-files
recently yeah and it is nuts some of it
do you think alien contact theories were
one plausible to a smokescreen by the
government to hide military weapons
testing or three a complete delusion of
sad weirdos complete delusion of sad
weird oh yeah and you know not even here
not even sad weirdos not even weirdos
just a complete delusion yeah government
smokescreen would not be something as
weird as alien UFOs also the amount of
people it would take to cover that up
who would then actually stay quiet would
be far too many someone would leak
someone would let that shit out and so
it's just it's just people who are who
make shit up oh just wonder why we never
see UFO sightings now with video phones
everywhere yeah that's weird isn't it
what's what's what's that chart rich the
the amount of miracles that happened
throughout the years when the camera was
invented number of miracles yeah number
number of miracles number of cameras
right right but then the the miracles go
back up once Photoshop is invented yeah
it's just one of those things just one
of those things not saying that aliens
don't exist I do not believe anyone has
any sort of proof that they exist yeah
oh speaking of x-files by the way yeah
go off on a different thing have you
heard of this new Netflix show dark dark
just dark just called dark okay rich get
on it Oh get at it I know I know you got
some stuff back again stuff happening I
know you got some stuff happening but
rich and chat get on this show it is so
fucking good okay it's a little x-files
II a little twin peak see the good Twin
Peaks a little stranger things Eve but
basically at the end of the day rich it
is a time-traveling murder mystery the
craters on the side of the buildings
when you jump on the side of the
buildings oh it's adorable I'm super
excited to play this is this is the
rampage game for the year 2000 yeah okay
so it's this show and and the base the
the plot that I'm gonna give you is it
is a time-travel murder mystery okay
which is true it is like there's
time-travel involved it's a murder
mystery but it but it takes place you
know over these different time periods
it's great it's like sci-fi II but it's
German yeah it's a German Netflix show
so you have to make sure you have the
subtitles um and also I do recommend for
people who watch it don't even though if
sometimes I do prefer overdubs do not
watch it with English overdub the
English voice actors talk hard okay
sucks super hard watch it in the
original German with English subtitles
heads up but I'm almost done with it at
least and I have been binging it and it
is so fucking good
hold on oh we got a we got to change a
couple things now that we're playing
Hulk ultimate rotten page ultimate
destruction can't recommend it enough so
good smash
kibosh malarkey says I work as a dealer
and Australia's biggest casino and as
such I deal with a fair amount of moral
ambiguity as part of my job mmm
are there any uncomfortable aspects of
your life you've been forced to accept
my father's a Republican I just thought
that was a funny joke hey oh that was a
good joke
that was a fine joke you all settled
down we're gonna change you we're
working on the brightness settings
things were a little too bright again
all right great
okay any parts of our lives that we find
overly uncomfortable I'm sorry if here
here's what I will say if there was a
part of my life that was overly
uncomfortable it is something that I had
said I have since cut out of my life
what is it called this is called The
Hulk
you destruction you dot just ride it
home hmm just call it Hulk
Oh Hulk smash the hell home smash is
fine that's what I'm calling it in there
I'm looking for the game in oh and
Chetty and they don't have it oh yes to
again the head spider-man ultimately a
more notable PlayStation 2 game sure
nothing much though sorry Chang Sarah
Chang
searching I'd like to see a Ninja Gaiden
movie it'd be a terrible movie just be a
ninja movie yeah
I don't think it would be a terrible
movies like by the way okay
that movie already exists there are a
shit ton of ninja movies man watch more
awesome kung fu movies they're
everywhere
what's that new one that I want to see
undead assassin or not ninja assassin
well I just want to make sure I'm oh in
credible Hulk okay that's what it is
no there's a what's the no it's called
it's called like never dying assassin
they're walking cops versus ninjas
walking cows vs. ninjas right undead
assassin immortal assassin Thank You
Lloyd beats you got it and I've heard of
it immortal as immortal assassin it
looks awesome just a straight-up kung fu
movie about an assassin who's immortal
okay
not a lot of tension in that one you
know
when finding the risk of rain or Anton
entered the gungeon tomorrow help me
pick please look a couple of bucks each
but don't make your own damn decisions
that's not the movie it's called blade
of the immortal hold on I have it in my
phone hold on I have to write things
down because my memory is so bad I I
don't have I don't have a solid pick I
think it's part of the problem they're
both fine games risk of rain or enter
the gungeon risk risk of rain has some
very interesting and insane like item
combo stacking yeah deals but the end
game is just chaotic shit I really don't
like the the end game you you either you
either end up like it's too overpowered
or too it's too chaotic well by the time
you get to the end they're just throwing
somebody this is such a comical amount
of enemies at you it's not enjoyable
yeah
so maybe I'll go and enter the gungeon
you know what I would I would say also
enter the gungeon even though I love
risk of rain I don't like that it's a
roguelike and you don't have like the
weird mixing and matching of powers just
to get this gun you get that gun yeah
you know some guns
and yeah you know and you know there's
there's a what are you in the mood for I
personally think you depend depending on
your tastes you might get more time in
to enter the gungeon because really with
risk of rain you get that really good
yeah you get that really good run you
beat the boss yeah I'm good you know a
lot of different characters but a lot of
the other characters are shit to play as
super shit to play as so you might get
more time out of enter the gungeon
normal here we go into the gungeon it is
great well great
why are you playing oh sorry favorite
customer I was I was in chatty looking
to see if they had this game so we could
tell twitch what game we were playing
and they didn't have it so yeah we're
trying to properly title the stream yeah
there's a section and like the middle of
a good risk of rain run that's really
fun like right in the middle you got you
know just the right powers mix-and-match
together and you're having a lot of fun
that it it just starts getting too
chaotic it's like a bell curve of
enjoyment for a very good risk of rain
run yeah and all those neat oh this is
just chaos but up but I will say at the
end even if it's chaos if you are
overpowered like if you decide to go
through a couple more levels before that
end level yeah and you just ridiculously
overpowered it's it's a little cathartic
he's just running around and destroying
everything it can't be a little
cathartic so it could be good
what happened to Eric Bana
he nobody liked that movie so they
didn't ask him back no I'm trying to
think he did what did he do acting wise
after you two exercises you will
approximate Ron Perlman that was Ron
Perlman that's Ron
this is the whole game gas drawing
things yeah so down there's things you
can do like you can rip a car apart and
like turn it into gloves iron gloves
stuff like that I'm sure they've got the
classic hope thunderclap
a three-punch combo yes job done cells
is a great game I'm kind of waiting for
digits of dead cells to be finished
though before going back to it as having
a really good dead cells run and I'd
beat the the final boss the and
implemented in the game at that time
then became it just kind of ended it was
like oh that's how after throwing her oh
my god I so I picked up a human now I
can use the human to attack another
human oh no oh I was hoping I was hoping
I could use him as like a bat but I can
throw him I turn it about in this Canyon
yeah I can throw them yeah
I think it's our cow I'm gonna go pick
up a cow Jeff I don't I don't know if
there are Bruce Banner sections in this
game I I played this as a rental and
really I didn't care about the story I
was just running around the city blowing
shit up there was there were you know
the the on the ugly Hulk movie had a
game and there were Eric Bana stealth
there are better stealth sections all
right eat cow I just threw a cow at a
dude this feels like destroy all humans
I can't play that
once the Beast has located it received
threat he will launch objects with no
regard for tap or hold but designated oh
you missed it jack
he's very far away I know cut Tim it all
attacks will be
gotta get closer gotta get closer then
what was the zombie one that came out
around this time is Stubbs Stubbs that
was it
was that any good uh I never played
Stubbs the zombie you had to turn
everybody into a zombie in that right I
believe that was that was the the
mission I can tell you that Stubbs the
zombie has an amazing soundtrack very
finely modern modern artists doing
covers of like 50s and 60s pop songs
modern for the time
I think it's just I think I just hit the
roof on it so doesn't pay a ton
attention
oh here here's what we can do I don't
know let's try to for a human at a
helicopter let's find out oh my god oh
yeah but we'll take it down as the
question probably not yeah come here
come here
he bows he knows
that's all I want to do for the rest of
the game now the human human to think we
understood how to make a whole game yep
come here come here you you can't run
away from the Hulk why even try
Zach over the accent says the suburban
Sasquatch best of the worst episode
finally got me off my ass if that can
get distribute distribution any movie
can regardless of budget it's true I'm
writing my own low-budget schlock film
do it wish me luck good luck do it good
luck and it's true yeah literally
anything anything just make it you just
gotta make it make something there
there's worse there's worse than
suburban square Sasquatch that we've
seen that have gotten distribution yeah
true blue review says with the switch
basically going back to cartridges
albeit smaller ones and CDs becoming
more outdated every year yeah well the
next generation of consoles go full
digital download or just not use CDs
full digital then we wanted that there
why did that last generation there was
an outcry it needed another generation
to sink in and then nobody will be able
to own any game hmm not on PC or on a
console I mean the car I I think they
might they need something though right
lease is for everyone ha and that
neutrality and and a net neutrality fuck
consumers hard drive space still isn't
big enough for modern games though so
you need some sort of device to hold the
ball don't care yeah but customers won't
like this so I mean some it's something
is sticking around whether it be
cartridges you know the microSD cards
that Nintendo uses not they don't use
microSD cards but maybe what maybe
without net neutrality they won't be
able to I just won't be the bandwidth
for them well you'd have to pay extra
for the bandwidth yeah well will ending
net neutrality kill valve
because you might have to pay a valve
premium yeah yeah valve will have to pay
the premium no no little that'll trickle
down
oh of course well that'll trickle down
to us but also they could do that to us
for like if you want if you want the
bandwidth for online you know the online
gaming mode that's that's on us too and
they'll charge valve and they'll charge
us because they can thank you
newly appointed commissioner of the FCC
what's his name IG Pratt what's his name
you dickhead with the Reese's Cup what's
his name
it's almost like these moron politicians
aren't thinking things things thinking
things through they are they just don't
care about you or me they're thinking
they're thinking it's going to make
people it's gonna make Internet service
providers very happy yeah and the
Internet service providers are giving
them money for their campaigns you see
they know damn well they're not being
stupid it's an attempt to fuck you
Joe Kitty refresh your page we updated
what we were playing and if said said
too much I'm moving on political aspects
of this I think I think no matter no
matter any one of our fans political
stands I want to say that everybody's
who's watching us here is on the same
page net neutrality wise you know I
can't know that oh yeah you know I just
I want to I want to know it I want to
think that Oh smash Pizza Train 11 says
use this tip tell the chat about a
charity event going on at Worldbuilders
on horns world's builders dot or I
haven't checked out this charity I don't
know how legit there the money goes to
heifer international - international AGI
FF er which gives the needy livestock
and training creating sustainable income
oh I've heard of that before I think
that's that's a neat that is a neat idea
so as I you don't just like send some
food to a needy village II like send
them a cow yeah like will pay for a cow
that's a good and I think that is a good
idea so yeah I go what world builder dot
org shit I'm doing something wrong why
can't I collect that marker
what am I doing wrong here collect all
the markers
all you have to collect them in order
lame
can you target them no you can only
target things you want to us weird
Jack only knows how to smash to be
further that's all you want to do in
this game well and this is the tutorial
so they are now teaching me how to do
other things so
right and it's a Hulk game did I do it
did it okay great da Marquez great I did
it
so did we confirm Ron Perlman minused
that sounded a lot like Ron Perlman so I
was like a weird game to get Ron Perlman
for Ron Perlman what was he doing back
then blade to you and doing nothing Hulk
can both climb and run up walls second I
was thinking of Sling Blade like they
made a sling blade to slang line deep
fried taters
my god you climb faster than spider-man
that's great
nothing wrong play dude no nothing wrong
plays dude Blazers great Hulk can run up
walls run into a wall with the left
analog stick while holding r1
Spiderman came at a celebrity intro CAI
yep tauriel
we need one - who can we get who can we
get the beast from the beauty in the
Beast TV series mr. ron perlman i don't
i don't think he was Hellboy yet Ron's
in the game that's right it was run our
Miller says Jack I finished the first
episode of dark yeah it's cool but I
have no idea who any of the characters
are or what the relationship is to each
other
uh-huh it's very confusing does that
aspect get better um it's a it's a big
cast if there's a lot there's a lot to
the cast I will I definitely agree via
and they're German and so yeah like the
answer to your question is yes oh that's
a way to do it - so just throwing the
missiles head through the missile
launcher supposed to like throw the
missiles okay oopsie but yes it does get
better and I believe that the the choice
to kind of make that a little make it a
little more obtuse it was intentional
because it is a mystery there's a
mystery involved but yeah it gets much
better you figure out who people are
such as a missile or battering that a
favorite ploy often referred to as the
steel fist technique is to turn a
vehicle into a pair of metal gauntlets
press the special button
yeah that's rickel members have you hit
a building
it would be great if I could like tear
down a building can why do I remember
that happening well maybe later
I can't I pick you up
check can you destroy buildings in this
I seem to remember that being a thing
well that might be in the real game this
is technically speaking a VR simulator
so I'm pretty sure you can well we're
gonna get into the real game okay hang
on a city you can I'm fine with the
double I don't do the dub man don't do
the dub do the subtitles you will thank
me I know it's and like you know I'm a
I'm gonna do the dub don't do the down
I'm a bar fat I'm not not reading a
scream I'm a I'm a fairly slow reader
and we've talked about overdubs versus
subtitles before and so like usually if
it's a movie I'll actually watch it
twice 1 1 so I can like know what's
happening in the story and then the
other two get the performance but I'm
telling you the their performance coming
through the English translation is
laughably bad which remembers things
from the alternate dimension again hey
hey last time I was the only one who
remembered it from the real dimension
all you were an alternate land it's true
he's true rich remember the proper way
to webs web swing
and how do we feel about the new Hellboy
I think the stranger things guy it's a
fine casting choice yeah yeah Matthew
Modine know the hopper is Hellboy what's
his name
I can't think his name but it's hopper
it's gonna be Hellboy
isn't that Matthew Modine who's Matthew
Modine the evil scientist guy Oh what's
what's David Arbor Thank You Chandler
oh I always thought that I thought he
was Matthew Modine his name always came
up first no so I was like no Matthew
Dean's name came up first cuz he was the
celebrity in the show other than Winona
Ryder who's the celebrity yeah what has
he been in things the movies what is he
Pitt in I don't think of off the top of
my head he's been in things has been
multiple things Davis
okay yeah yeah Full Metal Jacket oh okay
he's been in stuff he's been in stuff
all right
I remember him in Full Metal Jacket sure
also Samwise that's right Samwise is in
season 2 now says good evening good
evening legitimately legitimately love
it when rich replies to one of us by
calling them chat it makes me feel like
everyone in chat is one person a complex
but still obnoxious person then shatter
it's true there's too many of you you we
have we have we have to kind of lump you
into one entity chat first sometimes I
say that guy from chat or some people in
chat sometimes I I specify yeah
get the point don't be ridiculous
Blonsky we give away our position
corporal send in a fireteam one round
towards the outhouse by the West
epidural your names sometimes I don't
that time I did
haha really human you can move what I
was doing that what i'ma show you the
glowing things comes out of people III I
take their blood and I can spend it and
apparently they have just gamma
radiation in the MU Hulk has health you
do get to the city sooner or later hey
come here dingus I mean I understand
that need to give you help because you
know it's a video game what Hulk doesn't
get help what about like a like an
exhaustion meter Hulk can get tired
does he huh does he get tired bored
maybe I don't know the Hulk does get
tired ya ain't get tired we're talking
about sleep or exhaustion I think both
chat can the whole get exhausting
one of the numbers under the meter mean
I have no idea no one knows who cannot
get exhausted just less angry okay I
think if he's angry he's going to be
unexhausted
have you guys played the Wolverine
Origins game at all game based on a
terrible film good game based on this
terrible film no I'm gonna care about it
I don't care about the x-men or
Wolverine I'm sorry jack I think I might
have actually I think it might have
played it and I don't remember it being
a good game so oh shit damn yeah hit by
a tank you know it worked no you know
that shouldn't be I'm trying to pick up
the tank it's it's very beat up a bit
it's very finicky on what I can and
cannot pick up
come here you dingus there you go now
I'm gonna pick you up and throw you that
guy that one guy the Hulk can get tired
of your shit uh that's good as good on
his commander scruff commander scruff
proof Mark Hamill was Wolverine and
Wolverines revenge I don't know about
origins that weird that Mark Hamill was
over yeah sure
origin had to Jack wouldn't do the voice
on dad that makes sense
I mean man who was Wolverine for a
decade
Jack boy the steel hand thing that you
thought was useless yeah really that's
helpful against the tanks ah I could
also hit it with my regular Hulk hands
so I just pull up a building shot by a
tank
wow they're fucking you up Jack you're
gonna let those tanks fuck you up no man
I'm gonna do this what do you you look
at the card hands I'll go easier the
right discouraged right there triangle
fine Hulk doesn't need car hands he's
the motherfucking Hulk the whole cares
about the condition of a skin Jack
I'm wrecking this whole time
get out of here town sick of your shit
up did you ever find Bugs Bunny
attractive when he put on a dress and
played a girl bunny look they're whole
websites devoted to this it's not us man
that's from something that's from a
Kevin Smith movie that's from like
clerks to or something
that's from something that's that's well
I think I know what it's from but I'm
not sure so well Wayne's World that's
what it's from
that's from Wayne's World okay okay
that's uh Garth says that do you found
Bugs Bunny track dude Jesse puts on a
dress and dressed up like a girl bunny
from Adam Sandler says Jack I'm Jack
there has been hilarious news that you
might like
okay Ryan Reynolds has been cast to play
Pikachu and the detective Pikachu movie
fans are disappointed that they didn't
cast Danny DeVito what I don't know wait
there's a peak it sounds like a lot of
crap to me but what do I know that
sounds like that sounds like utter crap
I'm gonna put this out there you're full
of utter crap I'm gonna punch you
I hope they die in one hit when you have
the steel gloves like oh yeah you think
you can leave you just have to hit X in
the thing oh well I'm gonna punch this
guy first yeah okay great there we go
saying it's real Jack okay what the
Pikachu thing Ryan Reynolds is cast as
Pikachu in a and as like the voice of
Ryan Reynolds I don't know or care great
I absolutely so don't care I also I
guess I don't care that much either
Pikachu doesn't have a voice though like
he goes pika pika pika pika
before it's destroyed okay so ron
perlman is the abomination his toys in
the playground and I'm not
oh no he just Abama nice themself the
detective Pikachu movie will be a blend
of CGI and live-action what my I'll
probably see it if my kids are if it's
done it within the next few years my
kids will probably want to see it so I
actually care more about the DCU
then the first live-action Pokemon movie
yeah I can see that about you but they
might make a schism movie sexy Pikachu
is a live-action film where a talking
Pikachu solves crimes if talking Pikachu
is Ryan Reynolds I'm gonna be upset I
think that's gonna be dumb I like Ryan
Reynolds I think Ryan Reynolds is a is a
fun actor but I don't want to see like
wise smack talk and Pikachu yes
altameyer I officially care more for the
upcoming Aquaman movie then about a
Pikachu yes well there you go there you
go Simpson has green hair in this and
nobody knows why didn't he always have
green hair oh yeah
or in the continuity of this game has he
not gotten dosed with gamma whatever yet
whoo that's a girl character doc Samson
okay should pikachu be voiced by Danny
DeVito Jack why why would it be Danny
DeVito if no because it's a children's
movie so it needs to be voiced by a kid
it needs to have a young sounding voice
Jack Pokemon is nostalgia for 28 year
olds right now then it should be someone
of that age Ryan Reynolds is 45 Danny
DeVito is 102 I'm skipping this cutscene
I'm the Hulk again for some reason
probably should have jumped to the city
to acquire a mission it's probably the
glowing green one would be the city well
yeah I mean you ain't wrong yeah someone
like Zac Efron someone young someone
like someone who like the kids might
recognize the voice or just sounds young
cuz you want that young audience Pokemon
is still popular among children yes
which Pokemon is the largest franchise
of all time across all demographics oh
don't give me that shit
look look I'm I was actually trying to
say that it wasn't just for kids and
saying it's nostalgia for twenty eight
year olds as Jack was saying it's for
kids so fuck you that's true rich was on
your side this time yeah
this this movie inspired by all those
Pokemon go players who discovered dead
bodies ah
the funny part of that is all those
insects the rash of people playing
Pokemon go who found dead bodies
punching out cops
da-da-da-dah eat it kappa YUM
look out he's got a knife there got a CI
and I gotta watch this episode that old
might have a knife that Hulk might have
a knife great
am I supposed to go now siffredi get out
here
put the knife down Oakes whirs sir I
said put the knife down
it's my job in this just to defeat
police officers by the way that's my
admission this time cool
I can pick up a bus but not a tank
it was right there hey I love this game
just lets you blatantly kill people
right and there's no way to spend that
you throw a fucking bus at a cop and it
hits him he's dead but there's no blood
so they're okay with it
where's my exit here is it over here you
don't know oh oh next story mission
lightning straw right I'm probably
supposed to go to that green thing over
there and that's probably what I was
supposed to do
that's it slide safe good thing I was
wondering like fake advertisements or
they have real sponsorship or some sort
in this game was a blue sign in a
building that one yeah okay that's
something fake Clank Clank Clank Clank
Clank Clank Clank there's no blood so it
doesn't matter if you kill anyone kill
all the people you want there's no as
long as there's no blood that's the
general rule did you like the new
Avengers infinity trailer when we talked
about last week it was fine
although all the Marvel trailers are
pretty good yeah I'm fairly hyped fairly
hyped this to me it feels like a big
deal just because of the sheer amount
like this is everybody right like this
is fucking everybody who has appeared in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe that's
kind of what the Avengers was the time
exactly and when Avengers age of Ultron
came out it didn't feel like an event
like the first Avengers yeah this feels
more like an event and so it's the the
hype is real as far as I'm concerned the
question is rich yeah before it comes
out next year which one of us is going
to marathon every single movie in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe for the
enjoyment of others I don't know if I'd
do them all you have to know I don't one
of us has to go I nominate you jack I
didn't think this through
I'll probably catch like Doctor Strange
and Ragnarok if I haven't seemed that by
then yeah you should see those I don't
feel like I need to go nuts Jack wants
to I'm you know it could be fun
it could be fun to try it to try to
marathon them in one sitting what do I
mean but I mean that's a day's worth of
movies right at least
use me that's a that's a stream idea I
don't even know if you could like show
the video I'm just trying to think of
the logistics behind I have to be
worrying like headphones there's be an
image of you just watching it and just
tell tell people like okay now where
were you know there were time in time
we're at this time code now hmm not a
bad idea how you can do it hey you know
one day marathon and you're like a week
late no I'm a couple here in that I
think that the fun part would be doing
trying to do it in one right after the
other just for just to be sick that's
all huh that's fucking all of them
that's a lot what do you got what do you
got what do you got okay yeah cap they
got the incredible yeah well you got yet
Iron Man you got the incredible home
yeah you got Iron Man - you got cap you
got listen listen let's let's lump the
sequels together so we don't get
confused all right one whole movie oh-ho
right Captain America yep Captain
America Winter Soldier yep Captain
America Civil War yep
that's four right Ironman one Ironman
two Iron Man 3 yep
Thor Thor 2 Thor 3 yes oh we're at we're
at 10 at 10
great so no Avengers yep
age of Ultron yep 12 ant-man to get that
out of the way yep
Doctor Strange guardians wanted two
Guardians wanted to spider-man
homecoming
what are we missing here is that
everything I feel like we're missing
something
Black Panther buy them oh yeah has too
much black panther by then is that it
and that chant we started with the whole
so it's 18 I'm sorry that's 18 movies
yeah yeah so are you gonna are you gonna
comp with TV shows because they're in
continuity nope nope I'm sure not agents
of shield right and I've seen it online
I've seen it all
yes I mentioned civil war with the
Captain America movies cuz that's a
Captain America movie so wait 18 and
assuming are we assuming each is a
two-hour run time yeah just for shits
yeah just for sure it's ant-man 2 comes
out after infinity wash after doing it
what man - yeah man and wasp oh yeah
yeah man it was 36 hours minimum if we
assume each one is to our about two
hours long I'm sharper I'm missing some
that seems like everything though 36
hours of movie I'm still shocked we're
not missing something then making these
for 10 years
and they only have a day and a half to
show for it jack oh only yeah 10 years
18 including that black panther I just
googled okay great well so yeah ten
years but that's rich thinks there
should be more mobs no it feels like
there have been more well rich that's
one point eight movies a year yeah
that's a lot feels like it feels like
three in you shit
two years you know almost two a year is
is a lot and remember you know at the
beginning they didn't they didn't know
what they were doing so they had a slow
start throwing the shitty daredevil
Elektra movies they're not part of the
MCU you're missing the point
missing the fucking point we'll only
watch the movies that are connected yeah
in the same universe and yeah
technically yeah we could go Netflix
show we could go agents of shield we
could go in humans we could go all of
the little digital shorts that they used
to connect those we could get to you
know a lot more shit button just movie
wise that's that's still a fucking lot
man then then pool is not in the same
universe I'm sorry I'm sorry I know you
want it to be and here's the thing it's
it's already able to be read Condon
right you're missing the point
did you know that well what Dipple
Deadpool Deadpool had already built in
some in universe rent condemnation yeah
do you remember the big fight at the end
of the dead know yeah you know Deadpool
and colossus and negasonic teenage
warhead we're all fighting that dude on
the big ship looking thing in the wide
shot
it looks suspiciously like one of the
downed thing one of the downed ships
from Captain America Civil Logan or
Captain America Winter Soldier movie
okay so they gave themselves an in it's
the connective tissue
you think I'll well they can't really
work in the other x-men movies though
not no no no and I can't really like
they can't really work in Deadpool
because then you know that works in the
x-man Deadpool can break the fourth wall
on to get away with yeah then pool would
make some good jokes out of it yeah just
to crush Jack sanity let's include the
fantastic four movies yeah no no no guys
god the goal isn't to watch every comic
book movie ever I've already done that
the goal is to watch the entirety of the
Marvel Cinematic Universe in one sitting
which 36 hours that's that's not
anything I question the MCU really the
Netflix show should count they should
I'll put those on while I sleep how
about that how about that I'll do like
I'll do like 15 hours of the movies put
on the Netflix show while I sleep and
then watch the the other the other 18
hours
he ain't getting past the perimeter oh
that's cute you think you can stop the
Hulk but you can't because I'm schnitzel
says I'd rather go through 36 hours of
the MCU then go through two hours of the
DCE you you're not wrong oh so that'll
be the bit rich by the way that'll be
the bit you you you you have to do all
36 hours in the MCU and then I just have
to watch Batman V Superman well what's
the DCE UN it's the DC EU is Superman
Man of Steel Wonder Woman and Justice
League and Suicide Squad oh and Suicide
Squad so that's just ten hours but now
yeah
get up there
tell you what can I just have a movie on
in the background and I'll just turn on
like a game I'll play some hand to fade
to while the movies right is that legit
no that doesn't count
it's too bad that's what - you can start
with Wonder Woman and leave it at that
yeah it's the only somewhat worthwhile
moving there what a woman's fine
oh good it's Wonder Woman better than
any MCU movie age of Ultron about on par
right yeah that's the thing like age I
like the the final battle of age of
Ultron I like better than Wonder Woman
uh-huh even though it's just them
fighting robots you know there were
still some decent stakes - that might be
better than I'm not that fond of the
first Captain America the first first
part of that movies fine but when it's
just we have to fill in the gaps to get
him into modern day is to have ahead
establish history and the last half of
that movie is just like a fucking giant
training montage sure yeah I think you
could have an argument for that
so yeah Wonder Woman I'm gonna say a lot
better than the first Captain America I
could not the first half yeah first
Captain America but as a whole it's a
lot better I can see that argument
yes Civil War didn't really do it for me
either
some put Wonder Woman on par with Civil
War maybe better I liked a lot of Civil
War
yeah I liked a lot of Civil War you know
like what if he and you I know you
haven't seen them but Wonder Woman parts
of one like ant-man and you're Doctor
Strange yeah I've seen them and you
haven't seen those doctor it's it's
tough because like there's a lot of good
in ant-man like I'd say Wonder Woman is
on par with ant-man and Doctor Strange
where each of them
has one really good part but weaker
other areas Doctor Strange has one of
the most satisfying endings to a
superhero movie ever early as far as
Martha Marvel movies are concerned I
felt good about how the way it ended and
the way he as a character defeated the
enemy you're giving Wonder Woman way too
much credit
actually I'm giving the other movies
very little credit I just I wasn't that
fun - the first Captain America movie I
didn't like flat-out don't like it the
second half I really hate the Civil War
it didn't do it for me there's the one
spectacle scene and everything else was
which one what do you have a war that's
the scene it's not even the climax to
the fucking movie do they do the heart
filled small story or do your superhero
epic they pick one of them they do it
right it does feel like two ideas
smooshed together but I still like a lot
of it age of Ultron blah it's it's bland
but it's there it's serviceable age of
Ultron is serviceable right so Wonder
Woman's a little bit a little bit better
than serviceable a little bit better
than serviceable like I but Wonder Woman
has a really terrible final battle he's
it so like you know ready like age of
Ultron is this like yes it's good all
over right Wonder Woman is like starts
good and gets really good but then drops
and so it's like I think our lines
average out I need a likeable character
or likeable character arrghh not the
best thing ever Wonder Woman never had
that it's got no-man's land
that's all that matters that fucking
fights he was the greatest was the
fucking greatest so I'm not that super
hot on Wonder Woman just I'm putting it
ahead of some Marvel movies that I don't
think are all that yeah I'll be with you
I'm Captain America like I said I think
ant-man
I haven't seen it yet I can't speak a
Batman way to speak about the stranger
and I can't speak of right Brighton Rock
yep you haven't seen Ragnarok yet that's
true
like Iron Man two people hate on that
but Robert Downey jr. is Tony Stark us
and fun stuff mm-hmm
yeah I meant to is it was funny like
it's just it's clearly a movie that no
one had planned on making and then oh
shit this is gonna work let's make
another Iron Man Go Go Go Go our man to
whether it's when it's retconned Peter
Parker oh right yeah is that if that
been official was up and made of
everything I'd have been made official
okay but that was Peter Parker there's a
kid wearing on Iron Man mask in Iron Man
2 of the end scene that Iron Man saves
and now that's supposedly Peter Parker
retro actively it would make sense that
young Peter Parker was was at the the
stark technology convention yeah and
he's a proxy he would be approximately
the correct age yeah
the amazing but no the home homecoming
spider-man they're saying Tom Holland
was that kid retro actively it wasn't it
wasn't intended to be at the time but
you know it it makes sense for young
Peter Parker to be excited about going
to some kind of science thing yeah yeah
and I and you know what I like it
when did they establish that I know like
actors have talked about it and I think
didn't didn't Kevin Feige e faggy if I
go weigh in on it too
I like FICO the best I didn't get your
health back how do you get your health
back in this dang ol game
was it actually Tom Holland no no oh no
and it was not intended need to buy
air-recovery' what what
and whatever problems I had with the
first Guardian I'm putting it ahead of
Wonder Woman oh you know what and I
always forget that the Guardians in
there you know what guardians one I'd
put on par guardians to wonder ones
better because I did not like guardians
to I know everybody fucking likes
guardians to I didn't like it I'm gonna
have problems problems that I could not
personally overcome it's fine if you
still like it I don't care that much but
the chain shot huh the chin the chain
then they use that music that song Oh
glorious you'll never break the chain
dude was that the yondu rocket no I was
my favorite scene in the movie were
where star-lord stands up to ego at the
end he digs in it doesn't I just don't
care
no and I double don't care because he
would Mack Thank You Chet yes because he
has a Mac song the chain because he ends
it with you know turning into a big
pac-man was character appropriate as I
was lame
uncle EULA cough says related to edged
weapons yeah I saw that film and a
firearm course no I don't remember if it
was in the video or the instructors
collection but a morning star made of
fused railroad spikes was shown I know
there was a loose they showed so many
edged weapons there might have been a
morning star in there so many edges yeah
I gotta go see this not that I'm
criticizing it looks glorious but is
there a point to this game besides
smashing I'm trying to figure out I went
to him no no there's not a point to this
game besides smashing I I went to where
I thought the next mission was gonna be
and it said I needed something special
to do that mission and I don't know how
to get it I think I was supposed to buy
something back at the house and now I
need to figure out how to get back to
the house and I don't even know here's
how to get to the map is the disaster
artist even out here yet there's that
like tomorrow or the next day know
everything everything used to get
released first here and now it's like
the other way around everything opens in
Europe first yeah I just don't know
because you know you know why because I
don't plan on seeing the disaster
artists as I don't think I'd get much
out of it no shame
one of these days they'll see the room
and then I'll see the disaster artists
and I'll have that yeah we saw it years
ago
you guys didn't update twitch to say
hold we couldn't find it in there no I
did upgrade update which to say Hulk it
just wasn't this game because they
didn't have this game okay so refresh
your page Tomic mousetrap says I'm
sitting here looking at the map for
Universal Studios yeah trying to figure
out why the Waterworld stunt show is
still there right it's right there in
the brain Harry Potter it should be dead
it's and it's giant it takes up so much
space probably a really fucking good
show and how do you how do you rebrand
the water worlds you know there's no
other water themed thinking because it
is a big pool and people get are in
boats and they're in there in jet skis
it's this whole stunt show you you make
it jaws themed does that work
I think I know I doesn't because there
were there weren't any fist fights in
Jaws you know it's a shame they're not
doing Aquaman they could rebrand it as
Aquaman they need across well no that
would be where's their WB who has that
who was which I'm trying to think like
WB where does their where does their
theme park stuff go I think I have one I
know they have like some Looney Tunes
stuff and an occasional EDC characters
at like Six Flags oh okay yeah but I
think it's more of a licensing thing
sure they don't have like a park all
like you know Disney has Disneyland
Universal has Universal
I don't know if Warner Brothers owned
Six Flags or not but they have plenty of
attractions there that aren't related to
Warner Brothers properties just generic
rides right the eagle at Six Flags Great
America whatever Creature from the Black
Lagoon
studies show oh now you're talking now
you're talking
you got it The Creature from the Black
Lagoon is done show Harry Potter's WB
and that's in Waterworld needs its fury
road Oh what if they change it around
after Mad Max they actually do find the
ocean and you may get the Mad Max water
stunt Cheryl you needed the movie the
water road water road
Waterworld gets a lot of flack man and I
loved it I loved it
fury ocean fury ocean fury OSHA that'll
be the staff movie furiosa's sister fury
ocean yeah well no furiosa needs here's
that here's that here's the tie in
wrench
furiosa needs to find out the source of
all the water oh okay and she finds the
ocean hey or the big lake or whatever
can you imagine how insane a Mad Max
stunt show would be can you imagine how
gloriously insane rich the Waterworld
stunt show had explosions and gunshots
and fireballs it was insane I want a Mad
Max stunt show right fucking now where
every every two hours they just
demolished 50 cars and they're all
custom made cars with like spikes and
shit and they gotta make it
and every showing cuz they get fuckin
demolished well that's the end of every
fucking show that's just not gonna
happen man now you're talking crazy time
can you imagine how much better than
NASCAR that would be like NASCAR but
you're actually guaranteed to see an
accident right and while I want to do a
Mad Max stunt show all right we're gonna
have all these cars these car have
spikes yeah it's gonna be exciting cuz
any moment a spy could fly off a car go
right into the crowd then NASCAR fans
they love that shit
we're gonna build build a new one every
single time time we just can't do that
we're gonna blow right in the middle of
the desert for authenticity
people are gonna Mecca to come see the
Mad Max stunt show
my guy with a guitar we're gonna have
this whole band there there's gonna be a
new super semi-truck with the whole band
on it
the Duke band hey what do we have to do
yeah I really should have been paying
attention
endangering paying customers now you're
onto something
NASCAR's been doing it forever held a
baseball game you get hit with a fucking
line drive
I've seen some Bulls woman get hit with
a line drive at a minor league baseball
I'll watch this this giant fucking 300
power a 300-pound power hitter hit a
line drive right to an old lady's head
and this this large confident man
suddenly cowered and was horrified his
body language you just you see this
giant Hulk of a man just like slumped
over and doing shit like this cuz he
thinks he just killed someone right
which is very possible people go to
shows where they're in danger their
lives are in danger in the stands all
the fucking time
yeah
there was a few years ago major-league
game where it was just like between
innings the players go back there God
he'd toss the ball up and to the fans
and the fan trying to catch it like fell
out of the seat tumbled to his death Oh
No
yeah it wasn't even like I'm going from
a fly ball it was just the player there
was a big-name player - I forgot who it
was
that's crazy
went to catch it first kid yeah and over
I figured out what I needed to do well I
need to protect the building not destroy
it I started actually punching the
building and that was the wrong call I
need to protect the building woopsy
dupes
it's a train elevenses once more
promoting Worldbuilders org because
nerds are some generous people and if
this isn't a stream formed by nerds
I don't know what is give people animals
and training improve the world all right
did we get snow not yet it is cold as
fuck out suddenly - yesterday was
beautiful
yep and then just fuck you what's winter
yep
I'm destroying yeah yeah right here Ron
Perelman oh these tanks you kind of like
glitch for them though it's it's tough
to hit him yeah
you have to like hit them in the right
spot or else
there we go
check and rich I'm moving to Germany in
January for three years
anything I should do while I'm there a
bunch of German shit I said castles name
next month I'm it's a really beautiful
castle there you could visit
I think it's nice weinstein sounds like
it
sounds great without a violin string
no it's not Castle Wolfenstein yeah
before I design
dammit ah shit now uh I suck
major building this drive why don't we
use flamethrowers for snow because it's
a flamethrower it would melt the snow
your car and and your children and
probably light some trees on fire and
any small animals that happen to be
there that would be a that's a little
more harm no more harm than good
not you
you could use hot steam maybe that's
that sounds like a recipe for ice yeah
you don't want that yeah yeah man you
know like I know it like it's good to
think of new you know solutions to old
problems but you know sometimes just the
shovel and the salt worked the best you
know I had was like over well over a
decade ago now well over the years and
years ago it's basically a kid I was
just walking down the sidewalk yeah and
there's you know the residential there
was houses and stuff but the street it
was on fairly busy
okay fair amount of traffic on that
Street I'm walking down the sidewalk and
I I get to this one driveway and I don't
know what the fuck they did their
driveway was solid ice and on a slope
going down oh man I lost my footing I'm
sliding and I was having trouble sliding
stopping my slide I was gonna go right
into fucking traffic where cars were
going by sure
scary scary dammit I suck at this
I suck at this
what happened I didn't end up sliding
all the way into traffic what those
going down the driveway just yeah
shoveling salt and if it gets too high
hope that your neighbor has a snowblower
you just need one snow blower per block
really
oh I have the sonic clap alright that
was a shit story rich well sorry it
really needed to end in you getting
really hurt next time if you could get
really hurt
at the end of your sari that would
really be helpful to us the viewing
audience
sonic clap the fastest STD huh
open firm well
and every story with unpacking a small
chuckle you know that was a good one
rich you got you got to go back to the
classic something real ending those the
dilemma about whether or not to go back
and tie her back up right that's the
story ends should I go back no I can't
it's done
what oh here's just the stream
explosions well you know that's this
game I'm gonna be okay with that
yo is it is it fun it's it's pretty fun
I'm a little frustrated at this
particular level because I've played it
so many times and it seems unruly
difficult someone in the chats that they
gave up here you know I wouldn't that's
not surprising it's very hard like I
said to make it a minute I have to
protect this place for a minute and a
half still how long is a pin a minute
and a half and you know it's hard to see
where the tanks are they're destroying
the building pretty easily
the tanks like you don't always hit them
even though you seem like you hit them
well seems like you'd do better with the
car yeah I definitely do better with the
iron fists iron fist well I also need to
hit this no Hank our cop car behind you
right it's gonna be close jack oh my god
it's gonna be close
no now like a zillion more tank show up
see the the Harvard it shooting at the
building it's hard to see where the
tanks are out this this is a tough one
right here man say you need to use sonic
clap it draws in stuff so maybe it gets
the attention on you it draws in stuff
this is somebody sudden I'm just reading
the things all right all right no read
the things help me out let's try to get
past this rather focus and then
area-of-effect them so you have like a
ground I do
yeah I have a good ground pound yeah you
need to use your critical mass I don't
even know what critical mass is do you
have powers you uh can I'm like it this
is what I have do you have a like a
store you can go to to unlock things yes
yes
right
just have to you know use a little more
offense here do you have the sonic clap
yes I think that's this
oh that's seem to do a lot of damage
that's pretty good that was quick no no
that was just the first one it's okay
it's okay it's okay first one yeah Santa
clap your Center clap
we're gonna on it Oh tonight look at how
fast they destroy that Oh fucking
building critical mass refers to a green
bar under your health if you press two
attack buttons it gives you different
moves that's what your thing is not
charged whatever
shit oh this is nice
this is not gonna happen nope
nope not this time
not this time try beating the level
Trent try making an original comment mmm
the camp
Troy good and good nobody stood up Wow
they destroyed it extra fast this time
yeah no just fuck with you yeah just to
let you know they can oh look we got
that weird glitch again so Hulk is
massacring US soldiers yes that's kind
of what the Hulk does make sure you
charge your combos otherwise you won't
damage them
okay critical mass fi getting green
stuff enemies drop alright
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
hi David just got back from buying
someone a gift okay after thinking after
thinking about it more I've realized
it's a terrible gift for that person do
you have a similar story so I can feel
less dumb oh sorry
I do not evil Lord David waste not that
I can remember
i I might very soon with with Christmas
coming up I thought of a really nice
gift to get my wife who is on the phone
a lot and and I saw I said to myself
like oh she's on the phone a lot I bet
like a really nice pair of like
Bluetooth earphones you know she could
really use that and you know we have
Apple phones and so like oh they have
the new air pods which are where did
they go
oh I decide that's not gonna help
oh fuck
so they have the new the the wireless
air pods are what they're called and the
really nice Apple wireless headphones
area if it's fact area-of-effect if
they're close together you can get more
than one collect the green orbs where is
the tank follow the red thing I'm
following it look they keep their there
it do you think there's one to the right
of that - oh I don't know if you got
both with that listen
one at a time one at a time what did I
say get right do this
there we go there we go there we go did
good that time shit I need another car
are you a car nope
okay okay okay that didn't do anything
here we go there we go there we go there
we go there we go
or oh I need I need this car I need this
car come here car okay okay we can do
this we can do this we can do this
by the way I don't think we can do this
I'm just gonna put that out there oh
wait maybe maybe we can oh there it is
there's one right in front of the place
I'll go back I'll go back oh yeah yeah
okay okay okay we got I got this we got
this
you got a mini-map you got a mini-map
hmm they show up on your mini-map
oh right right Hey
okay okay great doing great doing great
oh you got it you got it you've got it
behind you yeah yeah I see
I see em I see em I see
I'm pretty good about that so to finish
my gift story right so these air pods
right I was like oh that's the perfect
gift nice Christmas gift something
useful but also something that you would
never get for herself
would you get a perfect gift and then
you know sorry I'd like a bottom hit him
wrapped him put him away and then like a
week ago she wanted to like watch
something on her phone or something and
she comes into my office do you have any
headphones cuz yeah when I wanted to
watch this thing I'll show ya on my
phone didn't want to be too loud so like
I grabbed her a pair of Wired ear pods
from it was just like oh no like
headphone headphones I hate those ear
pod things I'm that way I'm that way I I
thought it was story I have one yeah
okay remember this is the other guy I
told you who thought angels or aliens
but communicating through patterns you
saw on the rocks it's that same guy okay
and this is this is years before that he
wasn't quite so crazy back when mmm-hmm
and he's a friend of mine and Karen's
and he likes music
okay so music fan yeah so me and Karen
we bought him his first music player mp3
player oh nice mm-hmm never never had
one before he got his first mp3 player
yeah guy likes music Caleb's president
and it's like it's like we gave him a
lump of coal confusing me didn't get it
you could put all your music on then
listen oh oh oh two weeks later yeah he
was even something that experts just
downloading everything and get this out
there and get that uh when we first gave
it to him magical device that holds
hundreds of songs what I supposed to do
with this hey what a lame present lame
oyd he didn't get it he did get it well
that's like that's my that's my quad
that's my this is my my thing now where
it's like I think she would
you know there are a little different
fit these earbuds mm-hmm the the air
pods they're a little different fit and
they don't have the cord and so they
won't pull as much on your so do I stick
with my original thought and give her
the air pods or mad scramble for a new
Pro mad scramble instead it's not a way
it's the something in your ear of zero
tating yeah yeah yeah it's irritating
you might be right
I got a mad scramble yep well shit well
shit
especially now that she knows that you
know she doesn't like she doesn't like
earbuds it might just seem like a fuck
you didn't I just tell you what he's
like right
no she taught me she wouldn't say that
she was she oh thank you and then never
touch them ever and I would know that
she would never touch them ever all
right hey Jack talk about your secret
present watch the streams if I if I
thought she watched her streams I
wouldn't say anything all right
let's see here now we are to the point
in the stream in which we think everyone
who subscribed to us during this very
stream I don't turn that options not the
whole choices I know how well that is I
better just turn off
I can do that and then we'll go like you
are like this like this all right there
we go all right so these are the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream or are you all cut up on
tips yeah yeah like a vari axe thank you
for subscribing Skippy brown flip Master
Yoda dark Jack wolf six star killer 1633
for 12 months in a row who says love the
stream guys since you are playing
spider-man 2 I just wanted to ask you
guys whether you thought people should
bother seeing the Sam Raimi spider-man
movies or or no since homecoming was
better than I'd say no but I was never
that big on the Sam Raimi movies anyway
and they're not terrible but I wouldn't
go out of my way to launch them again I
think the first two are worth of viewing
for two reasons one I do think they are
genuinely good movies and the movies
that Sam Raimi was trying to make which
yes is a little more hokey er of a Peter
Parker and spider but also as a prime
example of kind of coming out of the
awkward years of superhero movies that
would like spider-man was part of the
transition into what are the modern
superhero movies so if you like modern
superhero movies watch what their father
did affair I'd give Batman a lot of the
credit even then though like both super
both Richard Donner Superman and Batman
89 were kind of the the stumbly steps
how are they stumbling because they
didn't capture the tones of the books
correctly I'd argue that about Sam Raimi
spider-man
different books there were Sam Raimi
spider-man was more comic book II
alright alright Richard Donner one
wasn't Richard Donner totally comic book
hey not not totally not totally so I
don't know I look look I absolutely even
though I wouldn't recommend the Sam
Raimi I definitely definitely absolutely
would not recommend the amazing
spider-man it's not like I have to hate
one and like the other we we both can
agree on that we both can agree on it
I'll put the Sam Raimi movies far above
the amazing spider-man losers shit okay
well then there you go uh most evil Bob
the real they on for 25 fucking months
in a row says when is Jay coming back
Twin Peaks has been over for months he
has no more excuses Jay's always welcome
he will come back I'll tell you exactly
what he's when he'll come back when he
feels like it humberto Cabbage Patch for
35 fucking months in a row says looking
forward to ringing in 2018 with prereq
confetti that's true
this new subscriber for 20 fucking
months in a row says Betty botter bought
some butters she Betty bought her me
Betty botter bought some butter but she
said this butters bitter if I put it in
batter it will make my batter bitter so
Betty botter guys burger Betty botter
bought a bit of butter better than the
bitter butter and she put it in her
batter and the batter was not bitter
there you go and anaemic turtle Zach
wave says is Tarantino interested in
making a good movie yet that's bait to
get me to talk about Star Trek you
bastard I can see straight through it
hyper
hyper starts start ace I think I predict
themselves I think it's a Warhammer 40k
thing 30 K 20 K how many can at least 20
miss at least 20 case bear mem Behrman
20 cakes 20 kegs of case deeply water
bear and you've may as well do the next
one I'll do the fun - Godfather 42 for
35 second month in a room I feel like
I've lost it a little bit there we go I
got a bit and got fired for through that
some day and this day may never come I
will cancel my stuff but until that day
consider this money a gift on my
daughter's wedding day you get the bit
red-nosed 13 13 for 15 months in a row
he'll V babyface Andalus Darth herb who
says I assume you're not going to play
any battlefront
- no like we could have gotten the
original battlefront 2 for the
PlayStation 2
I'll make that happen don't worry it'll
be great no no I mean no oh it can be ok
but it can be also a single-player I
didn't know that
we're gonna play some battlefront to
take a nap laser face McCoy 39
motherfucking months in a row says cool
rock that ps2 we did the off switch for
twenty three fucking months in a row
says I used to work in a place that had
machines like in the slot video and the
people who talked about their random
number generated like they made some
genius opening in chess pissed me off
constantly thank God for the edged
weapon save the slot machine video is
amazing yeah it's it wasn't if this was
not a surviving edged weapon safe it
really it really wasn't it was three
videos and each one got better than the
last manners it was okay it wasn't there
was there was a wheel episode we didn't
want her to story anything oh wow yeah
matters was fun I mean the slots guy
that would have been a winner if it
weren't for surviving edged weapons but
this guy was insane yeah yeah but the
machine of the machine machine that was
right right put the quarters that's the
instructional video and playing the slot
machine he's just rambling nonsense
510,000 afraid he's just he's just
reading what's already on the machine
he's not giving you new information he's
literally just reading the machine I
love it it's got bonus it goes around I
got me 20% to 30% that that guy was
great it was the it was not a surviving
edged weapons save no it wasn't there
were all the old writing and weapon
amazing but but the fucking coked out
weird ass slot machine guy is fantastic
on his own that's gonna be a hidden gem
one of these days it was out he was
outclassed by edged weapons right and
one of these days someone's gonna be
like hey you remember that slot machine
guy oh yeah let's see here Texas
panhandler for 14 months in a row
top ramens for 33 fucking months in a
row who says how can I get that cop
videos on YouTube just search for
surviving edged weapons
all their full video all their beautiful
home a beautiful beautiful ho says
spider-man probably uses his webbing for
toilet paper right mmm Parker's too
broke for that I was gonna say you
should usually in the comics his webbing
is rather expensive and I don't think it
would make for good toilet paper I mean
it's sticky sticky well you know could
if it doesn't stick to his skin and then
it would be a very good toilet paper but
it would be more expensive than just
buying toilet if it doesn't stick to
skin isn't that in that kind of what do
you support it sticks to itself
interesting yes so yes it sticks to skin
it dries shortly after its shot out sure
so he could let it sit around for bed
and then use it as toilet paper but I'm
probably like wiping your ass with like
clay right I doubt it would be very
satisfying no my guess is poor student
Peter Parker uses the bathroom only at
the Daily Bugle yeah yeah you know he'll
go number one at home but he always
saves he always saves his number to talk
about that weapon can't be very
expensive to make there's the afford
webbing there's been a few well you know
depending on the continuity right like
he usually makes it like in his in the
chemistry lab right right it has to be I
want to say they've made off an
innocence is he stealing it is he a
fucking hypocrite no he can't be
stealing it he's spider-man well he's
doing it at the school taking it for his
own uses that's bet he's a fucking
hypocrite or he buys the materials and
just uses the school to like mix them
together his body makes it fuck you go
get out of here and get it right now you
you you right smithy maquettes
thank you first
scribing why don't you old men going to
retire look Social Security is not gonna
be a thing when I'm old I'm never gonna
be able to retire nope you got you
yep yep yep yep klompen dango says
absolutely nothing happened in Sector 83
by 9 by 12 today I repeat nothing
happened in Sector 83 by 9 by 12 what
does that a reference to and do I have
to be afraid that I said that I don't
you know me I don't remember things or
places or people I've just stopped
reading cryptic things Pizza train 11
for thirty four fucking months in a row
who says two more months and it's party
time you hex junior bacon fat kid
grandma Tarkin - says me first me first
beer coaster for 15 months mr. melih
Koda okay Joe kitty
double-o one says nothing beats a hobo
life Stabbin folks with my hobo knife
that's that's just a little no bow humor
for you a little a little hobo humors
for you no bows it's a Simpsons
reference let's assume that's this okay
that's the Simpsons reference and I
finished up the reference okay I
finished up the reference EMP Cara
Delevingne gee who says Merry Christmas
hack Franz Christmas - Tom to be
announced says ten months almost a year
keep on sucking guys I mean truck Targo
pizza Denso washington for 15 months in
a row TECA brush says spider-man knows
how to protect himself from bladed
weapons I'm spider-sense is Deming
he just runs away Cal run twenty-seven
who says rich Jack have my prime money
Jack glad you are enjoying this classic
Spidey game rich I'm going to emulate
the shit out of this game and break all
the Jack rules of legal gaming alright
well they're my rules and out you know
the rules I follow you don't have to
follow them I fall I have my own
guidelines regarding these things zactly
FC lead for 16 months in a row I'm not
gonna like tattle on you Cal wrong also
I don't even know how I would dad Ilan
you a horrible glories for 37
motherfucking months in a row says hey
guys I feel that rich is
Transcontinental pure Joe from the
sweeper episode did not get a proper
recognition the sweeper episode the best
of the worst
the the sweeper the guy was like a
vigilante that's where the just ice
thing came in were you not there for
that one you know
okay there's a car chase I'm like a pure
and this pure muscle is comically longer
than a peer should be okay I called it
the Transcontinental pure that happens
yeah thank you
well there you go a tard core who says
rich I don't care what Mike says you
look handsome in your enact man alert
well I knew nobody would agree with him
I wasn't bothered by this
I know editing made it look like I had a
sad face yeah no I was fine
Noah's free Oh subway gift cart terrible
gift by the way
terrible I love it subway gives you I
gotta go to Subway Selby 54 lady Denning
for twenty four fucking months in a row
turd smuggling says
makes for the entertainment you fucks if
you haven't already I highly recommend
you check out three billboards fantastic
performance is so good okay I know like
that's supposed to be good I I have a
lists of movies that a recent movies
that are higher up on my list including
that immortal swordsman one I need to
find out where the nearest showing of
the shape of water is the new Guillermo
del Toro movie there are movies higher
up on my list than three billboards
which I do hear good things about you
you can you can just take an image of me
just looking away with no expression on
my face
zoom in on it and in the right context
it looks like a sad face
that's the editing axis yes you you look
at the face then you look at something
else and then the viewer gets to
interpret what the face is that's how it
works that's how Steph ed o
double-oh-seven says Merry Christmas
guys what are some of your favourite
holiday traditions I don't really have
any favorite holiday traditions okay I
gotta be honest Christmas doesn't mean
much to me these days yeah yeah hmm it
just doesn't Christmas never meant a lot
to me yeah because we were always gone
we always left we were never in town for
Christmas and having a birthday is so
close to Christmas it always have both
of them because people would get you
like a birthday present be like oh this
is your Christmas present too and you
just go wah wah wah so my my favorite
and here's my favorite holiday tradition
leaving town it's always great the fiery
dog poop says what's the best tongue
twister that you know I I don't study
and recall tongue twisters it's not like
a copy of mine so I've always liked
unique New York yeah
that one makes my tongue do funny things
unique New York
unique New York unique New York and
unique you know those are good on ya and
it's and it's so simple unique New York
unique New York
also sister Suzy sells herself to
sailors unique New York is deceptively
effective isn't it mr. words yeah that's
not a complicated tongue twister it's
just two words yeah that's a nice one
yeah unique New York we did curious
jellow
the end hero evil Lord David for 13
months in a row who says hey guys David
here again now you just pandering and
and I appreciate it it's a bit that I
like and I appreciate it but a god at
least have a message after nope space
alien super cocaine for 19 months in a
row says biggie smalls biggie smalls
biggie smalls
word word crispy-fried man 421 fucking
months in a row no leftover beefcake for
37 motherfucking months in a row says I
saw Suzy sitting in us oh I saw Suzy
sitting in a shoeshine shop where she
sits she shines and where she shines she
sits ok it almost makes you want to say
shits I guess yeah I get it
tofu ate 13 months in a row since I'd
like to thank both of you for all the
fun over the years also it was nice
knowing you hack frogs frogs some frogs
yes head of tech frauds not much longer
till all Star Wars all the time all the
time Star Wars I don't I don't know that
I'm gonna be able to pull this off I'll
probably I'm probably free I probably
have to see it but I kind of want to be
the guy that doesn't just to sit this
one out I just sit this one out
how many thing I that doesn't see Star
Wars you got to bring that up to the
bosses
and you know what they'll say you're
going to the fucking movie you got to
know what's going on let's go now where
we have uh no body
oh and man shot 789 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true that's the thumbs up right you
can't do it in front
