Aug 30, 2017
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/172752806
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/173218384
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpiufrtGj2U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INofjxLYg94
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/902978991837122560

[Part I]
oh I screwed up I screwed up all right
Jack's here I ended that run stupidly so
I think we're gonna be ready for Rapids
you're here all right
I'm dead stupid things too yeah it's a
fun game yep yeah Chet Chet things are
stupid
some people all right I I think it's a
really fun game get your shit together
people this is a really fun game I've
been playing it a little bit real games
are the best that's a real girl I don't
care hey I'm an asshole and I don't care
some of you played any of this at all
yet Rabbids yeah fuck yeah I'm in you're
in I'm in what we're doing it for the
show I'll play it rich
what are you playing the sky shit for we
got play Rapids before we get into it
yeah sometimes sometimes I go back and
watch a little bit of streams we've done
okay
I was watching a little bit of the last
stream and I I want to just briefly go
back and address something because I
explained it very poorly okay we're
talking about religion and whatnot oh
and someone in the chat said well sounds
like they're more agnostics than
atheists to me yeah and I addressed this
point very poorly because I didn't
properly explain it I said well it's an
issue with definitions and I did not
explain it any further
sure so I'm just going to explain the
deal here this is very well you can be
both an atheist and an agnostic I'm an
atheistic agnostic atheist well maybe
what would help people is to give
definition of agnostic okay
so let's say somebody told you Jack that
there is
teapot orbiting the Sun exactly on the
other side of the Sun from the earth I
talk we never sessle's teapot Russell's
teapot right there's one thing do you do
you believe them when they say that and
and no I I don't believe that claim that
there is a teapot on the other side of
the Sun from the earth it sounds absurd
okay so as far as that teapot is
concerned I am an atheist but you're a
tea theist I am a tea theist if I
believed in the teapot I would be a
teapot theist atheist and atheist
believe you believe or you don't believe
so I don't believe the teapot is there
okay the other part of that is well do
you know whether or not the teapots
there I am NOT on the other side of the
Sun from the earth where this person is
saying the teapot is there I do not have
a satellite orbiting there they can look
for the teapot as far as I know the
teapot could be there I have no way to
properly make that determination for
sure so the teapot even though I don't
believe it is there it could be there so
even though I don't believe in the
teapot I'm a teapot atheist I am also a
teapot agnostic because I rely can't
prove it's not there and it might be
there but I don't believe it is so you
can be both an atheist and an agnostic I
guess I got what you were saying last
room for the chat because somebody said
well they sound like agnostics to me
well and I did a very poor job of
explaining but you can beep and that's
the thing in the Venn diagram of atheist
and agnostic there's a lot of cross
there is a lot of crossover um yeah and
it really just depends on where you want
to stake your stake your flag I guess
also a lot of people say they can't see
the stream i√≠ve heard Twitch's having
problems oh thank you tired core if
you're at all interested subscribe to
twitch support over on Twitter and they
will give you updates twitch has been
having some problems today I'm very
sorry if everyone's have
problems button sure so it's a rejection
of God even if it is proven what is and
when was this ever proven well but see
that's that's where you get into some of
the fun I think of religion itself
because one of the tenements of any
solid religion is the tenement of faith
theoretically if God showed up and
proved himself and no one would get into
heaven because in order to get into
heaven you need the faith in the unseen
it's a whole big can of worms which is
you know like an interesting fan
fascinating part well at least as far as
Christianity is concerned yeah I don't
want to speak forever yeah yeah
obviously but that's a big part of it is
is the the faith is what is what what I
didn't I didn't I didn't mean to a deep
into this again I just thought I owed it
to the chat to actually explain what
that meant well said well it's just
offensive on how you defender of
definition you know how do you what are
these words mean sure and I did not
explain it at all I felt like I was
watch that I felt like an idiot oh hey
you know what no problem alright so I I
guess we're start a new game so you
haven't played at all no I have oh you
have okay should I start a new game or
not how far are you do it I am not too
far oh yeah then starting again
if you if you don't mind just people
might want to like feared did you change
it in chatty I'm world one for us where
I bad oh yeah you're not even knew did
you change it in Changi no we need to
change that will change and chatty while
you weird with my water did I bring it
in I don't know if you brought it I did
it's by my feet so I am when it comes to
your water I'm an agnostic I do not know
whether or not you brought the why you
could have brought the water in here but
but you know what I am a water theist
because I didn't believe you brought it
in here and my god sounds reasonable he
probably grabbed water with his lunch I
believe he brought it in here but I
don't know that he did so I was a
theistic
I just want I want like that definition
to be on everything in the world now
it's like you know what I need to go
across town today but there could be
traffic likely there's true I'm a
traffic theist I believe even though I
don't see the traffic in front of me
right now I believe there is going to be
traffic terrible this is the adorable
opening and it is adorable
are they getting audio this from the
elgato dark matter space time
manipulation practical applications
nothing I mean the super merge could
solve the energy crisis people watch I'm
just missing the tiny yeah
oh I'm sorry beep oh please take a break
and come back at this overeating thing
fresh okay I've got her in her blue
overalls like I like I'm in the red
shirt and she's a Mario fan crap all
over the place and then some dickheads
show up
yes which is all messed up sorry for mom
who's having difficulties I wanted to
talk about things I find interesting
because I find them interesting mm-hmm
that's just gonna happen listen you get
for anyone who's been with us any amount
of time we talk about pop culture
bullshit 95 95 percent of the time
you're gonna be asking me Ashla 9
questions about Stargate but I don't
give a shit about yep it's Stargate or
Wars attractor or one of the stars and
and but you know I really feel like that
whatever never know that I'm gonna talk
about something that interests me like
the heat death of the universe which is
having problems I don't know if we can
up there
okay Mario plus Rabbids
the name of the game is Mario plus
Rabbids Kingdom yatta yep
did it work uh-huh
I don't fucking know someone reload the
page and tell me if if we're now playing
Mario rabbits don't reload the page
we're just having problems you risk
losing the feed shit
shit oh good I did change it I see it
right there in Chetty that's great good
that's great everything's great
hey everybody let me let me tell you
about the thing I have grown to hate
more than just about anything else in
the world and this will sharply change
the subject which for anyone who's sick
of us getting into deep philosophical
conversations let me tell you how much
I'm starting to fucking hate Game of
Thrones fans yeah they are all up in my
shit rich why I made a snarky tweets
yeah I made a snarky three tweet about
the season finale of Game of Thrones
yeah which was last tumblr and by the
way I'm about to unload some huge Game
of Thrones spoilers because I know rich
doesn't care and I got some shit to say
so if you are a game of Thrones fan and
have yet to see the season finale come
back later cuz I'm good well I'm gonna
talk about Game of Thrones and how much
I fuckin hate the fan base at the moment
I thought I thought this was the last
season apparently they have one more to
go okay they have one more to go but so
I made a bit of a snarky tweet
ready yeah I am ready do it spoilers
Game of Thrones spoilers right now right
the fuck now hold on we're gonna we're
gonna
rome's spoilers ok Game of Thrones
spoilers I'll type in chat when spoilers
are over so here was the big
the big ending of the of Game of Thrones
Season seven is Jon Snow who has who is
emerging our hero yeah fuck Daenerys
Targaryen
yeah the queen of the Dragons yeah but
right as they were fucking in a
different place in Westeros people were
talking about and so the thing you need
to know about Jon Snow is he's a bastard
he was the bastard son of Ned Stark our
original hero yeah the good guy is Sean
Bean yeah who dies and everything and
he's the bastard and no one likes him
because he was a bat he was John this is
Ned Stark's bastard right but now they
just put it together who he really is
rich people other places put together
that Jon Snow is actually the heir to
the Iron Throne
he is Rhaegar Targaryen only born son
who had sex with Ned Stark's sister and
Ned Stark found his sister a stark and a
Targaryen did it had a baby had a real
marriage and had Jon Snow right I know
this is super interesting for you but
then it was her dying wish because she
died in childbirth to have Ned Stark
look after Jon Snow and protect him and
so that's why he called him at his best
but even though he's not so here's the
important part rich ready for ya Jon
Snow just fucked his aunt I don't give a
shit about that I don't give a shit that
he fucked his aunt huh
you he just fucked his aunt that I
fucked my aunt no Jon Snow is the hero
of the show what he wants
well he didn't knows his aunt did he did
he hurt anybody wasn't consensual it was
consensual and the answers are are no
one yes in that order I do not give a
flying fuck as mildly squicky as it
might be fictional character fucked his
aunt he they it was consensual neither
of them know that they are related to
each other
I don't give a shit he's an aunt fucker
um like I said I the only reason that I
give a shit about this is because it's
it's off-putting and the show has been
churning in in a good direction and now
the hero of our show just fucked his
aunt okay and so is she hot she is she's
um she's uh some people think she is yes
she's uh I could deal with that
she played Sarah Connor in the new
Terminator movie oh yeah you know it's
fun so so here's the here's here's my
issue is the hero of the show is an ant
fucker and so now it's like it's hard
you know like that's that's the big
twist when you know incest in general
frowned upon not only is incest found
upon like generally speaking in the
universe of Game of Thrones one of the
one of the strongest character points
for our villains is that it's a brother
and sister who fuck each other so like
incest in the world of Game of Thrones
is wrong and now we got an aunt fucker
as a hero we're talking about a monarchy
right we're talking about a game of
Thrones is that things are coming yeah I
know they're common I don't want you
Jason Pharaohs would would frequently
marry their sisters to keep the
bloodline pure right of course royal
lines are incredibly inbred what do you
what do you think Prince Charles looks
like such a fucking mongoloid none of
none of this has given me a none of this
is making it okay for the hero of the
fantasy show to be fucking his hands
just got giant ears and a face that
looks like it was beaten with a hammer
because of incest
I don't want the hero of my show to be
an aunt fucker and I don't think that's
a tough ask so much like you and your
snarky ways everybody everybody's on my
ass like you know incest happens all the
time in the world's Game of Thrones and
like it this is just something that
happens in monarchy so it's really not
that big of a deal and it's like it
should be a fucking big deal it should
be a big deal not only Samaras getting a
gun that's crazy it's great they it
should be a big deal because not only is
incest you know ground upon but in the
world of Game of Thrones incest is is
the big character piece for the bad guys
uh-huh so it's like fuck man fuck man
fuck does he do that's the other problem
Chris doe bear Roberto is everybody
getting up on me because with the
brother/sister fuckers yeah the sister
is now the Queen right and she's fucking
her brother and she has been since the
beginning right in fact and but
everybody likes the brother everybody
likes the the brother character right so
going going to the game just real
briefly yeah for anybody how this game
works is I'm gonna assume you have a
passing familiarity with XCOM yeah watch
the stream out of cover it's just a 100
percent chance to him yeah somebody
you're gonna hit flanked one hundred
percent chance to hit yep and half cover
50% chance to hit right over there
behind full cover zero yeah then you can
do the math is very simple on whether or
not you will hit something well because
you know unlike unlike an X come I feel
like this has a big emphasis on movement
your characters can dance a lot freer
and so it's all about like blank -
naturally once you need to jump off
someone else before you do that second
move yeah yeah and you get pretty
fucking far when you jump man and after
you jump you can still move or you can
still shoot unlike a dad I would argue
it's different I don't know that it's
more there may be more incentive
I don't know well that's what I said
there's no okay so fifty hundred percent
zero oh yeah like there's no like what
is Mario's aims that the - the wall
protection it's just there ah - comfort
100% chance - behind cover half cover
yes there there are critical easy but
yet it's very easy cover man okay so
then the other part of fucking game with
rooms is everyone loves the brother
who's fucking his sister and they're
like but Jaime is not a bad guy
that's what they tell me they sell me
they said Jaime is not that bad of a guy
and I feel like people forget that in
the very first episode
Jaime kicked a little kid out of a
third-story window because the little
kid caught him fucking his sister tried
to kill the kid right later Jamie raped
his own sister while standing a while
over the grave of one of his incest
children huh he's a bad dude he's the
bad guy but people like him and said
like hey he's not so bad you know enough
Hitler ate chocolate right in his life
exactly does that mean nobody else can
eat chocolate Jon Snow's sexy sexy aunt
Jack is chocolate you know what I don't
think your math adds up I I'm gonna go
ahead and say that that having sex with
your aunt does not equal eating
chocolate and I'm sorry but I did the
calculations and it doesn't quite square
I thought I thought you were gonna be on
my side and say Hitler like chocolate so
just because he does one good thing
doesn't make him a good guy
so just because Jamie does one good
thing he doesn't make him necessary it's
not the incest that makes them evil no
no no and I'm not I'm not saying that
Jon Snow is evil because of the incest
and I'm not saying that you
you know what mine is but what it does
is know fine
but be with me here rich well that's all
wasn't fucking shut up my rants it
doesn't make him evil what it makes him
is creepy
it just it adds a little creepiness to
Jon Snow and Daenerys and it was also
like a wasted storytelling opportunity
oh you have to do that it makes it
creepy and from from a basic piece of a
storytelling point of view I feel like
this reveal was the classic Hitchcockian
suspense versus surprise you know that
story the the Hitchcock's about suspense
versus surprise story no Hitchcock was
trying to explain to someone like you
know what that modern filmmakers are all
about surprise and not about suspense I
mean he said you know imagine us two
we're sitting right here right but
there's a bomb under the couch so what
most filmmakers are looking to do is
surprise the audience is the you know
the audience is just here watching us
have a mundane conversation and the bomb
goes off it's a surprise you get 15
seconds of surprise but what if the
audience sees the bomb and before the
conversation they know the bombs there
but the characters don't yeah that
creates right so what we could have
gotten is a little bit of suspense in
this situation where if we found out
that they were related over here and
then over there they started making
kissy eyes at each other then that would
build some suspense like oh no they're
gonna fuck I hope they don't fuck but
instead all of it was mushed together in
one big surprise and now it's over but
like that we could have had a decent
suspenseful Bill Black advance fucking
but we didn't so I don't even think Game
of Thrones is that deep but jack is
acting like it's Hemingway not at all
I'm acting as if it's a poorly written
show and I'm giving an example of why I
think it's a poorly written show hmm but
any case train Dodger it was it was not
proven that he was the target in last
season that is that is new information
this season everyone it was a popular
fan theory that Jon Snow was actually a
Targaryen and the rightful heir to the
Iron Throne which is what the whole show
is about but
and that's it that's all I okay that's
it I'm just okay I mean I don't watch it
I don't have much to add exactly
okay so game I'll I'll say we'll say
Game of Thrones spoilers over now Game
of Thrones spoilers over now they go
welcome back everybody
no more Game of Thrones talk
please get out here get out of here
great
all right so Mario rabbits this is the
thing that is happening
Mario Rabbids you've played a little bit
of it I'm on the world tube already how
many well how many levels are there in
the world one I don't know eight maybe
maybe ten I'm gonna go back to I don't
know because I don't remember
yeah and I say get new weapons you find
little golden boxes you know one thing
that bothers me and I haven't decided
how big of a deal it is yet but when
you're moving around like this you're
controlling the little Roomba thing
right but like I keep thinking I'm
controlling Mario so I often don't get
to where I need to go
yes happened to me anything just a
matter of getting used to it though
right I'm not used to it yet
and so it's upsetting every time like
you know you need to go down a pipe or
whatnot and Mario is right in front of
the pipe and I'm like why can't I hit a
s because the room was not in front of
the pipe so it's it's constantly
bothering me
I don't I feel about these Explorer
sections
yeah in my notes i I've I've delegated
them to a bit of padding yeah yeah
because there's not really like there's
no real puzzles and I know it's a game
for kids and so you don't want to make
it too difficult but yeah it doesn't
it's not great you know I suppose with
the worst either worse yeah like with
with something like an ex-con you have
Base building right he's probably a
little too advanced for the kind of game
that they're hoping to present but you
walk around to control the characters
Janek you're about to tell us why the
fans piss you off regarding a tweet I
told I how I told the whole game of
Thrones story they were different they
kept defending the games of Thrones and
and now we're not talking about games of
Thrones anymore because of spoilers I
did I did that whole thing I did the
whole thing
to where she was that well I think it
was in that woman I was in there yeah
you got the things there's something
over here confirmed
yeah I mean simplest so I gotta find the
green one
but if you see rich the green one is on
the inside yeah that's the question
that's the question rich
there's gotta be a way it has to be away
there is I know the way do you want me
to tell you the way do you want to
figure it out a little bit okay great
figure it out figure it tell me tell me
if it's a you have to come back later
thing that's all I want to know if it's
a you have to come back later thing I
won't waste time for looking for
something I'm not going to find there
you go you figured it out I know there's
some things you have to come back for
later this these boxes and you obviously
you can move and the little robot says I
don't know how to do that yeah yet right
oh yeah I'm sorry kid scarlet if you
can't see the stream we are streaming
I know twitch is having some issues
right now hear it if you can hear it
welcome if you can't I'm sorry twitch
says they're working on it they might be
the flower spit on your rabbit yeah rich
yeah I supposed to be worried about them
he is the flower spit on your rabbit
people say it's working on mobile for
them I'm very sorry if it's not working
for you flower bud good old flower bud
see you flower bud get it but do you get
it rich oh so you know what it was
fucking else right after our stream on
Sunday
yeah on Monday I I started looking for a
new Nintendo 64
yeah because everyone's sharing clips of
Mike brutally and maliciously and
absolutely breaking my Nintendo 64 right
totally busted and broken but we we are
we've kind of run out of used game
stores here in Milwaukee yeah you know
we just have one you know down outside
yeah and but you know we still have like
the mega media exchange which sometimes
will have the old school systems they
were all out of them I eventually did
find a place over on the west side of
town on the west side of Milwaukee that
had a nintendo64 okay I'm coming in when
go got go and went and got my Nintendo
64 and everything was fine and today
very smartly I decided to plug it in and
make sure it worked and it doesn't it
doesn't work it's super broken it causes
every game to flicker and glitch and so
once again we are without a Nintendo 64
to play Diddy Kong race
which is quite upsetting so you see
what's rich it what what rich is doing
here which you spin you came around you
can you can while you're running around
do a quick melee attack you didn't want
to come no I wanted to do that that the
combo thing retired about you - into
somebody and then do a jump thing and I
was gonna have this guy - into him and
then jump Bob and Mario oh oh I just
wanted to weaken him and it worked it
worked - well Jack that it did you can't
jump on somebody we should be so Mario
you can't jump on the enemy you can't
jump on someone yet that is an upgrade
that Mario gets that makes sense yes
there you have you so you haven't gotten
to like the skill tree no okay
there are skill trees in this game and
so everyone gets little you know helpful
powers and yeah Mario's is he can jump
off of people she's gonna yeah well I'd
rather kill him rather kill him than not
huh Luigi has a really great one Luigi
who is kind of akin to the sniper in
this yeah where he can bounce off of
multiple people and so he can get really
fucking far see the sniper seems like he
has extra - damage really this not mario
rabbit or not Luigi rabba Luigi Luigi
Luigi
no no Luigi Rabbid easier is you're
gonna run around an attack he also gets
a bazooka later and then peach rabbit is
your tank because of her shield she gets
a shield
she'd defend other people eventually I
haven't gotten there as she gets healing
power later look up to you it's the
power to heal people within her radius
which is very nice
no way at all the stream is happening
twitches twitch be crazy we're streaming
hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna go
to my app right now I'm gonna go to my
twitch app right now and see if we're
live I'm getting an error yep twitch app
is not working so again I'm very sorry
for your loss I feel awesome if everyone
involved in the horrific events of the
stream networking networking oh it's
back
YUM
they're eventually gonna be a fix-it
Rabun I can bring with me a fix-it rabid
someone to fix a cannon and that might
just be a come back later thing with a
fix-it rabid no like once you're done
like once you're done doing some shit
you can come back into the world and
it's working okay okay one of those
things okay you jump down that tiny
ledge Mario you're I've seen you do
since st. jumps and you can't get down
there I know just bad it's because your
Roomba can't your Roomba can't go that
far oh you shit without a Roomba the
Roomba Z the leader rich Mario's labeled
us leader in the menus and that's
another reason why I bothers me that the
Roomba is first very much bothers me
that the room buzz first did it
you did it rich congratulations
regurgitation call your peeps at twitch
and have this fixed front so we have no
peeps at twitch can you watch other
streams right well we got the green bar
problem just affecting us I've heard
it's affecting many people hold on let
me check this out
affecting your but what you've been
playing too much my Rabbids this is full
of toilet humor
yeah last tweet was since about an hour
ago from twitch support saying we're
looking into issues with the site not
loading for users apologies again so
that's all that's all we got when our
new emotes going up when I make them
which I haven't yet sorry I need some
ideas I need some emote ideas rich give
any emote ideas what well shit man
well shit currently 78 people can see
the screen well great
you
nice I like that not by the way I really
enjoy the jumping off your friends it's
very satisfying a thumbs emote probably
can't do that
do it if you go the other place yeah
boom
a hunker down Iman how would you even
make a hunker down emote someday no I
just feel like I thought he would be
oh shit ah they can hit you - yeah
according to neon Willam X the Xbox app
is asking me to insert the twitch game
disc ah that's great
oh that's right and I did see I did see
yes I saw the Jack clown emote and loved
it
the Jack clowny mode is wonderful yes
well so we'll definitely get a clown a
Jack clown
yeah let's let's not have any 911
minutes I know you know could be fun but
there's a there's potential for abuse
there let's just people people people
make me sick
wait you can smack into him before you
go into cover that's true
I that's something that I forget often
is that you can smack into people and
and still then going to cover really
matter you're probably gonna kill him
what also please change the hack fraud
emote to a color more readable and that
lime green sucks okay I can do that
ooh a Barbie board game ammonia we do
well I mean I think we need like a
princess alone as Jack is a princess
often so we need a we need some sort of
some sort of you know princess email oh
I almost did not get perfect status on
that Jack that's ok futures yeah yeah I
enjoy the the way that they rank you
yeah they give you like the amount of
turns it should take and if your whole
team survived so it's nice I don't know
if dead semi celebrities violated twitch
roles so for Cameron Mitchell well I you
know what one of the one of the original
emotes that I submitted was of was Rick
McCallum yeah and you know just just
because he made he makes that dumb face
yeah and so I just thought it was a nice
dumb face and it was rejected outright
because I didn't have permission to use
his face so they could tell they could
tell his face was in my face but like I
submitted my cos science man and they
didn't say nothing they didn't say
nothing I'm a scale of celebrity right I
have not learned how to do the show I
was there's something to come back here
for absolutely
have you gotten that yeah you've got
another thing I have
is that much later it is well you get it
after beating world one after you beat
all of world one you get the power to
move boxes
so and then of course you can kind of
come back and walk through the levels
they they do something to say they do
some good things as far as redo the
battles to you could not only can you
redo all of the battles but when you
just walk through the world they have
special challenges at each battle map
right and so you know hey can you do
this in so many moves can you do this
you know with more enemies that kind of
stuff
they have some good things going for
them yeah I'm liking this yeah yeah I'm
thinking so far like you know obviously
it's it's definitely for children but
this could be like a wonderful gateway
drug into tactical strategy games for
kids you know play a little Mario
Rabbids and then they they get to learn
the tactics what are the games are like
this hard West Oh hard West wasn't
terrible
it was terrible it's just what why can't
I just play ex-cop
it was tearing this doesn't do anything
significantly more interesting or better
than ex-con did it yeah yeah that's true
here why are we here is it I know it is
not possible to do gift style emotes we
could do that if we had a cheering if we
enabled bits then we could do gifts but
currently we are not doing bits your
cheer emotes can be animated
oh speaking uh like yeah this is a
different kind of challenge area pretty
simple but just collect all the blue you
know is interesting is fine still I'm
still gonna call it pattern play in a
bit of flow yeah which I suppose is fine
like you don't you you don't want to
like overload your game with like you
know just battle after battle after
battle you need to you need a little
breathing room so yeah that's fine
stream has died for a lot of people I'm
very very sorry
this is this is nothing we can do about
it no I mean we can end the stream
that's all we could you know maybe if we
ended the stream it would take stress
off of the server so other people could
stream I don't like that idea
I would like other people
thank you hack bot for relaying that
message over and over again didn't mic
break twitch I it would not surprise me
it would not surprise me one goddamn bit
right G he he he was like smashing my
Nintendo's it wasn't just shoving and
taping to it he was like trying to rip
it apart and now I I just currently I
don't have a functioning Nintendo 64 huh
well I would have done eBay but there
was no guarantee that it would come here
by Wednesday that's why I went to the
local shop to get one and now I need to
return that to the local shop and I'll
just go off of ebay now I'm sure I'll be
able to find one favor
Oh have you thought about using an
emulator huh you said about using an
emulator yes and you know that that
that's illegal and you own the game
don't hold up in front of the camera you
out of the game still technically legal
you know what I found out about that is
the emulator itself is not illegal you
just found that out huh you just found
that out
that's like every later 101 well I was
looking into it so the emulator itself
isn't it yeah the roms are yeah so it's
still illegal only the game
yeah gray area grey area you know I
don't like it you know I don't like it
it's grey area rich this is not a
conversation we need to get into again
gray area pah-pah-pah good times never
seemed so good it's actually pretty
clear crystal clear you're on the
fucking game you fool
no what is her doctor that's already
your property according to Quaid Quaid
Quaid though n64 emulation is not
accurate or worthwhile so even if we
could even if I was okay emulating it we
probably wouldn't be I don't care if
it's a point for point perfect emulation
I really don't care
something about it is off a bit actually
with the n64 you can only improve it you
I wouldn't I wouldn't want to play the
old original Nintendo 64 console because
it's a blurry ugly mess and I'm sure the
emulators have at the very least cleaned
up the fucking textures so you know we
got to look too good this isn't 64
that's right no so far so far this dream
rich has been Pro incest and bootlegging
just putting that out there I'm Pro
consensual sex and as squicky as incest
might be if nobody's getting hurt
honestly I don't give a shit
it's what consenting adults do generally
don't give a shit they're the reason why
it's so frowned upon in not in every
culture is because it can lead to
genetic mutations no bad you don't have
to have the baby we're all right I'm
just saying like that's Ghent like
generally speaking is because when you
both have recessive genes they can help
hold you don't want they can do this you
know what doctor crack her up crack her
open take a look at that embryo take its
DNA out there and see if there's any
like defects they're going to come up
and though it's fine
we have the fucking baby I don't give a
shit what consenting adults do I just
don't they're not hurting anybody else
this is a weird stance to take I'll be
honest with you we've had some
disagreements we've had some
disagreements but this this is a weird
place to plant your flag a friend not
really planting my flag this is not yuge
it about I'm not about to get into the
incest March I'm not virgin we're
talking about women I this is something
I I'm gonna get like really just a tight
about I don't think they're like I just
want the March to happen yeah they did
the pro the incest rally yeah yeah the
Pro incest rally is the thing I want to
watch on TV I think there are worse
things a person can be absolutely
absolutely there are worse things a
person can be that being said it's still
really weird still super creepy and
generally frowned upon for everyone else
who watches this stream later they're
gonna be very surprised right now we
only have 78 people watching us so
though that's a fairly like okay thing
to say but later when this stream comes
out you're protesting a lot right the
loudest voice about this
you're like you're like that pastor who
every every every time there's a
microphone in front of Miss talking
about how the gays are gonna burn in
hell and then like you know it's gotten
a week later it gets caught in a badass
pants around his ankles shit well it's a
hot topic right on topic because it's a
major thing in pop culture that's
happening and it's and the reason I talk
about it so much is it seems like a
weird thing that I'm defending this
thing as a cult is a taboo Wow we see
rich we lost five viewers because Miriam
says to deploy ancestry we're down to 73
way to go like by incest I can't be
bothered to think this is the worst
thing ever
you know character on a TV show wants to
fuck his hot aunt I don't really give a
shit oh here's it here's where I'll be
with you uh-huh
I don't really give a shit unless
they're asking us to root for
Bink
and that's true neither of them know
that there will I get that I get that
and you know I'm hammam hoping I don't
know what I'm hoping for
like I said I part you know a lot of a
lot of my a lot of my anger just comes
from the fact that I'm watching the show
in general which I don't generally care
about but you know like I said yeah I
get I have so little time to spend with
Lisa I'm actually like and so like I'm
just like I I'm watching it anyway which
I don't like and that brings up the
anger tired gore with an update and
engineering teams are working hard to
resolve the site-wide outages apologies
for the disruption in service so they're
working fine oh good game we've gotten a
ton of views tonight we're gonna
nothing's rich nothing will be here will
be here just doing what we do
you just spinning your wheels waiting
can get in there
uh it was small yeah Mario is small he's
a short man like no like really really
really small
put him in we saw that earlier in the
game and it it looks small in that girls
like bedroom it him bigand during the
cut him big and during the cutscene okay
it got him big if I'd I thought maybe
like this like I'm gonna like size
differential between the two universes
and Mario is just and everything in this
universe is just much much smaller oh no
no they didn't bigand okay Mario is
small like like effect that girl walked
into this universe she'd be like the
size of the castle right you know no I
didn't big every you know everything got
all wonky when when the lightning or
whatever happened when the what did she
call the combiner array or something but
even amongst his peers
Mario is usually the shortest as I
didn't try going so I'm just blocked off
that elastic Metroid move absolutely you
can do here yeah it's fine it's all fine
that's the tip I came here for right
exploring Jackie's don't do you you do
you presented to that check out the yeah
go even going that tube turn that other
two years seems a real there had a to
tell me white and go I'm telling you
where you should go
nice
this is spooky town I haven't got too
spoopy down yet I think that's world 3
we could if we could unlock these gates
we can visit this haunted slum
imaginable Horrors anytime we wanted
haunted slum mm-hmm Joey baguette donuts
I'm not drinking beer tonight I have a
bottle of water I have a bottle of water
as I am super back hardcore on my diet
which means no beer there are like three
rooms that's what it looks for for worms
there's that well it looks like three
worlds and a castle maybe we don't
they're doing a castle wars or is that
just like it might unlock more stuff he
won't let you like I said you can go
back to all the worlds and then every
area you fought as a challenge map
but doing very well on my diets so far
I'm about two and a half weeks in and
nine pounds down which is pretty good it
fluctuates you know like every Saturday
is my cheat day so I jump up but I
started at 208 and last Saturday I was
down to 201 so then I jumped way back up
again Saturday and today I'm back down
to 202 so I'm getting which salad that's
for little ups and downs but in general
when you go down what's that in
kilograms I have no idea
Oh according to a Hong Kong Kaz lad it's
2.2 pounds per kilogram that's amazing
so that would mean I am down
approximately four kilos I don't know
what Oh Jack a normal rich wearing
t-shirt some wearing a Batman t-shirt
and Richie used to be wearing a Doctor
Strange t-shirt what is that in parsecs
I don't think you can I don't think you
can calculate mass into distance about
an hour you think
you think 9 pounds is about an hour I
could work back at work yep I tried this
I don't owe the bounce damage that's
probably from Mario jumping on things
no then this is an important distinction
some weapons can actually make your
enemies and and you leave cover and Joe
and jump around so this weapon can
actually knock people back ok and if it
knocks them back they take an additional
forty two of bounce damage which is
pretty impressive yeah there's other
stuff too I don't know if you have any
like oh yeah that Golden Gun is honey
damage and honey chance right yeah that
actually if you can honey someone it
causes them to stick where they are and
they can't move on their turn might get
this because it's 20 percent damage
against Ziggy's whatever a Ziggy is I
tried the shell one last time I was very
disappointed you didn't try the job one
last time you have a toss
Oh at home okay oh yeah oh that's right
you scared and the different file right
right sorry I apologize yeah they just
save up my money I mean if you're making
it through without a problem
I'm gonna say for money okay we're
talking about honey guns we are exactly
talking about honey guns that is true
the lost stream while we're here
streaming we're streaming it into the
ether I'm sorry that you can't watch us
people they are working on it the best
people are working on it our top men at
top man
yeah oh we're just pointing out the cube
thing yeah that happens a lot is it
they're like hey look at this funny
thing that's happening yeah isn't that
funny
that's very lucky of you master Keef to
be one of the few one of the few the
lucky few who can watch the screen and
you know it's just gonna be a nice chill
stream until things get crazy right go
right and towards us
new weapon say this puppy's worth it
yeah it could be
well welcome my turds of green where
it's okay to be stuck with you were just
were here we went to the museum I think
I noticed that after our something you
menu for the museum to the museum
pointing it out was you went to the
museum which you're not supposed to go
there in every conceivable way it's just
completely fucking redundant I mean jeez
why the fuck would I want that right
that's the question
wha blasters the blaster that looks like
a rabid great
great rich I'm happy for you
did you equip it
and you know actually you can go just go
back to the level and at any time you
can hit X I know I don't know why don't
you just let you do that here - it's
weird it is equipped okay great you did
it you did it make sure I just wanted to
make sure you you were you were on top
that you were prepared so many things
are not prepared for in life some shit
I'm sure thing you can't do you just
kind of knowing what think you can't do
yet yeah and I'd like to say that it
serves some sort of purpose but it
really doesn't yeah it it gives you a
smidge more incentive to go back to
world one to unlock more things and you
know you can get more blueprints or
whatever but Mario X come lol yep
how many people do you think don't refer
to this game is Mario X Q think you're
going backwards
oh yeah it's definitely Mario X come not
saying it's bad thing that
blink-blink-blink
no you know what I have not had a chance
to check out the Friday the 13th update
we got this and so I started playing
this I think like this is they might
have come out on the same day getting
I'm getting conflicting information that
they may have shrunk the old maps
well that's which if they shrunk the old
maps and they don't have the old maps
like they were anymore
it's a terrible idea Oh what I had heard
it no well like these are the new maps I
like I said I'm getting conflicting
information I've also heard that it is
under the shockingly buggy as hell right
now so I'd like to wait for maybe one
more update before I get into it I don't
have any interest at all in the smaller
maps yeah yeah could be fun I'm gonna
check it out I'm gonna wait so I'm done
playing this so check it out it sounds
like you can only make the game dumber
Oh
this no I found I find it generally not
helpful it's just kind of redundant just
here like I can scan the map and think
about what I'm gonna do
I can also scan for me oh oh oh you can
scan the enemy yeah
say like over the enemy and yeah you
know what their movement radius is I'm
changing my tune that's decent and like
if you hit L or R when you're on top of
them no that's that's decent
now I hit R now you can see how far they
can shoot so I thought I thought it was
redundant now I can see where it's
useful I take it all back up well there
you go
hanging out in the open like a sucker
uncle Williams this is fun yeah like
this right here is part of what makes it
really engaging is like is this movement
like oh I can jump up here and go here
and go here and you it's it's a lot more
fast-paced than then an X come battle
which of course I like and all of that
from beginning to end of the battle
smaller you see any 1x come map has like
multiple battles in it though right
right
come for some cover is destructible also
as you're noticing that brick
sausage toes I'm sorry we are not
currently hooked up to livestream to
YouTube at the moment only a twitch very
sorry not bad not bad strats get that
and get that extra 20 damaging oh yeah
if you can't well you can still hit him
hit him once with them you know just
find a place to hunker down down there
or you could kill the one guy which you
know it's one less guy shooting at you
take a guaranteed shot
by flanking yeah oh you could have got a
hit in on the other guys you know what
I'm kind of done yeah sometimes oh I
wasn't
that's just lucky yeah yeah if they're
around corners like that yeah this
technically you shoot over half cover
yep you guys did another great
glad
so sorry twitches are broken for
everyone but also not a lot we can do
about it
which I had a terrible first world
problem today yeah yeah terrible
my mother dinner I just had I got a
salad and they forgot to give me any
dressing say I was very sorry I misspoke
that's right of I think I may have
misspoke there
I had a dry salad wrench do you know do
you know how awful that is I'm not
especially awful on the grand scheme of
things I called it a first world problem
as it is quite definitely a first world
problem yeah no dressing it was super
gross but I was incredibly hungry so I
ate it and it was gross I am on a diet
and dressing does have huge calories if
you have something like ranch or Caesar
or like a cream dressing
I had a vinaigrette which does not have
very many calories at all Wow I think
it's got a lot of health yeah and so you
know if you have a nice vinaigrette with
your salad then you still get some nice
flavor but you don't have to worry about
the calories and they forgot it
I totally could have
these are still the interval it'll run
into somebody first and really bash
first these are still the introductory
stage nice geez
perfect but not by much
Papa can you hear me
yes power fantasy I can I can hear you
and and liberal laser rich talks about
keen killing in in our last dream Souls
just found other ways to troll naturals
that can't be killed
they're just like blocking people into
like buildings that don't have many
exits shit like that
cuz you know you can't kill them to get
out get them out of your way
yeah
shit it's raining do you know it's
raining
I might have windows open
everybody's raining what what are you
singing I do not know
ooh she can't doesn't have the what the
range jump on Mario that's Lou that's
sad
oh I see what you're going for there
well the other one might yeah the other
one yeah sure
nice nice you have no idea who Mel
torm√© was before Night Court Night
Court turned you onto Mel Torme singer I
guess like no don't don't get that
accident
would you do oh oh and now you're just
out in the open
shit rich shit rich sort of a bitch yep
that's linked for you from the from the
other one they'll be if you have blank
from her no you don't shoot over it okay
nice ah
Rabin's but turns green says jack when
you started freelancing and you hadn't
done much work yet what did you tell
people when they asked about work
experience I pointed them to videos that
I had made that weren't done for work
Erin what impresses I showed them videos
that I had just made and I said oh you
know like this is wasn't a job but this
is the type of video that I can make for
you you know like this is the kind of
look that I can give you this the kind
of equipment that I can get and you know
yeah i padded the resume a little bit
you know
oh I helped on this project here you
know just to give him another video like
I was their unset but you can make you
can make stuff that's not for work and
then show work people one job that I got
I I was uh I was recruited by a local
music venue to shoot war guar was coming
into town for their annual Halloween
show and they wanted to livestream the
event and so they were looking for for
people who could shoot live music and I
have a ton of live music on my youtube
channel that I just shoot because I
enjoy shooting it crit crit
and so he was just one of those things
were like have you ever shot music
before and I had just dozens of videos
like I shoot music all the time it's not
in a large venue like this but look at
this I can shoot a thing so if you're
worried about not having work on your
resume just make something and then
you'll have something on your resume no
mall Radko don't lie like crazy it's
okay to embellish it's okay to allude
but you know don't lie like crazy it's
everyone pads their resume open and now
it's a stream offline in chatty how
interesting okay yeah what about they've
just hitting the
they're hitting the old reset on the
servers
nope now we're back up
now we're back up
I'll see them I didn't see who go down
well I I got a message here in chatty
that said the stream just went offline
but and then I got a little message that
said we're back up
I hope this reminds a Nintendo that they
can do a lot of things with the Mario ki
Mario RPG anyone right yeah I mean if
you think about it Mario's fucking
everywhere right Mario is just about in
every genre Mario Mario has been
everywhere this what this like I said
earlier what this could be is strategic
training wheels for a lot of the younger
generation and so like what this could
be is an opportunity to expand their
audiences horizons a little bit could be
interesting so did you get covered in
blood and other stuff at the Guara show
no I wasn't right on stage I was looking
hope so well that's why you go to guar
show their work Hammerman right you know
on stage and below stage who had special
waterproof housings for their camera i
was i was way back my job was mostly
wides I had a pretty boring job is I was
just there to cover the wide zoom in
slightly but you know we all had the
little headsets and so I was just like
all right go to guitar player zoom in a
little bit more on guitar player and
we're on your camera okay camera three
get ready for the wide a little wider
camera three and now we're on camera
three that was all night for me so I
couldn't like it wasn't like I was
watching a show I was listening to
somebody in my head said all day
has there ever been a first-person
perspective no no I think that's metroid
job metroid teaches the kids about
first-person shooter if a kid be with me
here right you know what I'm saying
if a kid only had a Gamecube which still
having problems probably gonna be having
problems all night if a kid had a
Gamecube Mike would smash it yeah that's
why I didn't bring in my GameCube very
then my GameCube is too precious to me
I don't know you know I don't know did
you see did you watch any of the the
Nintendo Live thing today I didn't know
there was one wow they did a little they
did a little what did they call it Mindy
Mindy what hold on I'm gonna find yeah
exactly exactly rich what was it called
Nintendo Nintendo something or other
bullshit gimme a moment
yeah the nin nin DS Nintendo in DS the
Mindy's that is actually what they call
it they gave a Mindy presentation about
all of the indie games that are coming
to the switch okay and the official
announcement of super meat boy forever
the sequel to Super Meat Boy yeah
which looks it looks like a Super Meat
Boy game except for you can also punch
people
I love Super Meat Boy I'm pretty excited
about it
we think the end is nigh
I thought the voice work in the end of
night was much better than in Super but
they announced this game and I have to
remember what it's called it knows this
game that's also coming out on PC that
looks really really interesting
how about streaming on YouTube guys how
would you even go about something that I
could you do both I don't know we can't
do both at one time but you know in here
when we entered in all of the info about
like our twitch stream we'd have to do
that about appreciate you I've seen
someone devote that one time I know this
is happening I don't know how they did
it
these are the things that I don't know
these are the things that I don't know
rich we probably could stream to YouTube
you know we've been we've been testing
out bringing our live videos or our
pre-recorded videos to twitch so are you
saying we should then bring our live
videos to YouTube stream live on YouTube
and and give our preview pre-recorded
videos to twitch tonight tonight I would
get it yeah
with with the problems which is having
how many people are watching this not
many exactly exactly
why do you want to give it a try if we
shut down the stream chat what says ye
well that's the other thing
are there any voices against it because
you absolutely would not be able to
watch it on YouTube but I want to screw
people oh yeah watch usually 62 people
watching this but you know what like
we're not gonna have to figure out how
to do chat and all that but well we
probably just watch it in the YouTube
chat probably I guys think
I'm pretty sure your partnership
agreement won't let you stream to other
platforms and I don't think that's true
a lot of people are saying don't yeah
one person is saying screw everyone else
it works for me
yeah listen yeah well we wouldn't have
any of our moderators but hey you know
would be maybe you know it would be live
we would be alive the more people would
have the ability to watch us I'm saying
I'm seeing more don'ts than do it yeah
and some other and some some people who
are you saying yeah you know do what you
do yeah I see that push 50 by the
explosion though anything other than
horrible explosion you exploded
something
better than nothing
well how about this we will give it
here's what we will give it we're gonna
uptime
we're gonna up time it did enough time
for me two hours and 12 minutes how
about we give it we give it 18 more
minutes maybe thank rich well I don't
even know how difficult it would be to
set up theoretically not that this room
literally would be changing one thing
you know be yeah yes theoretically
theoretically and if not we just start
streaming again on Twitch and have the
same 63 people watches
so we give them a few more minutes to
figure it out and if in they don't then
we do our own thing Mario with midair
shot I've actually never seen that
before that's great oh you got his
overwatch yeah there's overwatch ability
I am you might lose everyone at that
point though since refresh can't happen
yeah or we can use yeah like periscope
and just will stream live via our
Twitter channel with my phone and I'll
just like point the phone at the TV and
back at us when we're talking like this
you guys want that cuz I can do that
there's a lot of shit we could do
also being a foreign cop this is twitch
right now saying do not go over to
YouTube hello oh now they're asking me
for blood red vampire friend I was in
the process for blood that was my
vampire friend who knows that I work for
the blood truck and is paying me under
the table for the blood from the blood
truck your van that's kind of blood
trucks stick around the side of it the
funny part is I actually don't have any
blood
I just keep giving him ketchup keeps
paying me
he's family because he doesn't know what
real blood is he's dying he's only
paying you a lot of ones within 20
wrapped around him that's the thing I'm
like getting real blood for that so I
keep telling him it must have been a bad
batch I've told him that like 20 times
now almost been a bad batch sorry come
back next week I'll have more I'll have
more for you
under well I can mess around in OBS
while you're playing alright cuz it's
not gonna let me check something real
quick
through ODS we only have one service
option
you know see like there's not uh there's
not like another thing to stream
simultaneously to another so I think we
would have to choose we would have to
choose whether we want to wanted to
stream to twitch or you do
Quade paid Quaid says I checked the
twitch affiliate agreement streaming to
YouTube is okay but streaming both at
the same time would probably violate
their exclusivity agreement
well there's saying no we can't extreme
YouTube that's fine but just not
simultaneously we are through twitch
partners not affiliates also
yeah I don't forget about that mail a
forgotten jack shit I forget about it
all the time
like I'm sure there is an actual
contract as far as twitch is concerned
and I checked the box saying that I read
it even though I really didn't an amine
nice overwatch shot you know there's a
lot of things I like I liked all these
tube things that's fun using the tube
using the tubes to get to the other side
of the map
cinnamon is saying if you are a twitch
partner one of the 11,000 people who
have signed a contract to make money
from your live broadcasts on that site
you likely do not have the legal option
to also do gaming live streams on
YouTube gaming I wouldn't be shocked and
I wouldn't risk it what do we get out of
a twitch partnership what are we good
what do we get Jay the paths they face
money they pay us money for watching ads
and they give us a platform so you know
well the twitch doesn't own twitch
doesn't own us the thing is if we did
want to switch over to YouTube gaming or
YouTube live we would then no longer
stream via twitch that's that's their
saying it has to be either or if you
can't you can't jump back and forth
interesting
see I am and I've successfully I've now
successfully crowd-sourced reading a
contract that's great
thanks guys very interesting
you did it you did it rich but you've
done this all before right yeah this
next one is gonna be a new one uh that
was once the world yeah I was 1 5 then
it's new for me okay nice now we're
getting into oh I did that while on
those the first time oh good
dumb question here but on our LM there
are a couple of game station videos was
that earlier twitch thing wasn't which I
was that was the that was pre record
beta that was Rich's gaming show that I
never liked doing this is awkward
standing talking to no one
I was Rich's gaming show edited by
either micro J who don't play video
games and stand around with a camera one
watching listening to me a just liked
expressions on their face cuz it's
nothing to them right horrible
so now we do this so we can talk to each
other it's great
that's something I've talked about
earlier
look at look at that rabbit with the
lampshade oh yes that rich yeah it's
adorable somebody talked about earlier
is is I was rewatching your Vanquish
episode and I'm just seeing the clips
that Mike chose to put in while you were
talking about the game and they had
nothing to do with the thing you were
talking about it was infuriated they
don't game cuz they don't game right but
as a viewer I was just like wow it was
upsetting to me
but just one coin huh
one coin that's what was done oh they
got me
yep did you have the same experience I
did I did the exact same spirit make me
go down a dumbass bridge for one coin
you do you you do you
nice
yeah you did it
people are not posting the if well and
remember it's not the affiliate
agreement that we have to worry about
it's the partnership agreement which
partner program we got here we're gonna
read this we're gonna read this twitch
partnership program FAQ open a new tab
and we're gonna see here
all right it's applied for partnership
let's look at the Terms of Service for
the twitch partnership program let's see
here
okay third party accounts let's see here
use devices and stereos know that I get
a damage bonus when I attack from above
jack
oh yeah you didn't you didn't or well
there's I got in this farm yeah they're
just teaching you this now yeah yeah
use your resources event to a chance
sublicense is an unrestricted worldwide
perpetual irrevocable fully sub
licensable non-exclusive and royalty
Freight free right to use reproduce
modified to have to publish translate so
they that's that's part of it we're
twitch can use whatever they want of
ours yeah so twitch can do whatever the
fuck they want with our videos even okay
even in any form format media or media
channels now known or later developed or
discovered and use the name identity
likeness and voice that you submit in
connection with such user content they
can use our likeness and points if they
want is that creepy we get out of that
contract streaming you do but I'm sure
I'm sure YouTube has the exact same
contract right I'm reading I'm reading
the Terms of Service right now
I'm reading the Terms of Service and I'm
going to see if there is a section that
says I cannot stream to YouTube like
here's you know like by using the twitch
services do you agree not to violate any
law contract intellectual property or
other third party right or commit a tort
whatever a torque is which we cannot
commit it do you know what a tort is
chat
what's a tort whatever it is we cannot
commit it also we can't violate law
contracts as regards to intellectual
property you know that means copyright
law Meo emulators I'm just saying it's
against our it's against our contract
shakes now responsibly and respecting
copyright trademarks third-party content
ideas submission termination disputes oh
my god yeah this is a whole well let's
just do a search now I do a search let's
go find let's go to
find
dreamy
with respect to streaming live and
pre-recorded audio-visual works the
rights granted by you here under
terminate once these delete such user
content from the twitch services so if
we decide we don't want twitch to use
our voice or likeness we just delete all
of our videos we're good
some people are saying yeah saying
online that the partners agreement is
NDA so you should probably not talk
about it this is off of their website
this is right off of the Twitter website
if you go to their partnership program
and click on Terms of Service this isn't
my personal contract this is opened on
their website you can go to twitch.tv
legal terms of service twitch.tv slash P
slash legal slash Terms of Service and
you get this so this is not this is not
my contract this is the contract I'm
reading off of their public website so I
hear what you're saying but doesn't
apply here
just don't read love I love from your
contract I am not reading out loud from
my contract absolutely
abso-freakin'-lutely okay where was I
find and move on to other
otherwise
we have to be over the third we have to
be older than 13 wrench just putting
that out there
what are you doing stuff you're doing
you don't this super-sick snack and jump
at all the old smack and jump back nice
rich fucking nice fucking nice I'm not
seeing anything yet about streaming to
other services
we cannot rich reverse-engineer
decompiled disassemble or otherwise
attempt to discover the source code of
the twitch services so stop it stop it
right now I'm clearly doing
okay great we're doing great we're
getting through it
I'm right now I'm just looking through
the Terms of Service and I'm I did a
fine for other hoping that somewhere it
says using other services but uh let me
just save not to risk it you know right
now that's it's what I it's what we got
to talk about rich and so that's what
I'm doing it's for kids it's for the
kids rich
who knows a company bit under rules of
conduct oh oh the mushroom Oh Luigi yep
have y'all seen the trailer for the
Deathwish remake with brutal Bruce
Willis that was weeks ago man
that was fucking weeks ago looks awful
looks awful looks like I want to say
that what I said before was it looks
like every single conservative dad is
gonna love the shit out of it but it's
terribly out of place currently no here
we go
this is from the affiliate program live
content exclusivity so this does not
necessarily apply to us because we're
partners not affiliates but for the
affiliate program is solely a live
content XP exclusivity solely for user
content that is live audio-visual work
your live video content starting from
beginning of the initial broadcast of
any live video content and continuing
for a period of 24 hours following the
end of the initial broadcast of such
live content of the exclusivity period
such live video content is exclusive to
twitch even as to you during the
exclusivity period of any live video
content you will not nor permitted or
authorize any third party to broadcast
stream distribute exhibit and otherwise
make available such live video content
in any manner and so that's no dual
streaming notwithstanding the foregoing
you have the right to make any live
video content available during the
exclusivity period via solely solely via
the twitch services Thank You sinnerman
that like I said that's all only about
the affiliate program we are partnering
so - but it's probably very similar and
that's even saying like you can't upload
your
broadcast to YouTube within 24 hours of
broadcasting I would just like to be
able to zoom out fucking right I totally
grew through you can go to your tactic
cam
if you press no I don't want to do that
if you press X but you can't even zoom
out in your tech to cam which I agree I
want I want to like look over the whole
map relentless it does it does
explicitly say you can't stream to
another service because your live
broadcast is the exclusivity is the
exclusive content and so you need to
wait 24 hours before putting that live
broadcast on any other service which
means if you are streaming it also to
YouTube that is you know that's within
24 hours that that's literally the whole
point of that exclusivity contract is
any audio-visual work your live video
content from the beginning to the end
you have a 24-hour hold before that can
go anywhere else
so that's that's the whole shebang but
only four affiliates probably something
very similar for partners
sure cinnamon is probably correct that
if you are a big name or an established
something-or-other you can probably then
get your own personal contract with
twitch for dual streaming which and I
don't want necessarily word worried
about that
yeah no news yet on whether an action
switch is working but it's probably not
so that's that's why we're here talking
about legal contracts that's what we got
to talk about tonight legal contracts
one-stop stuff this is actually like
when I was doing that that podcast about
streaming this was little something I
was talking about is that this is part
of the excitement in streaming is the
conversation that you can have with your
chat and this this is a this is showing
how much we rely on chat to feed off it
I tried talking about incest in Game of
Thrones someone didn't want it that's
true we will see a flood of chat when
when it is working
well apparently vine sauce just had to
stop his YouTube streaming because of
this whole really it switch thing also
to be fair it makes sense from a content
creators perspective to only be
available in one location because you
don't want to fragment your audience I'm
not I'm not saying you know like it
doesn't suck for vine sauce if he had
his fans on YouTube but that's why
generally speaking you know we live
stream here of pre-recorded videos go to
youtube we can't have a separate place
for itself because you don't want to
segment your audience look at that and
now you now you just go wherever the
fuck you what you p1 because you're
burned that terrible yeah fucking
terrible
I'm gonna play Ace Combat it's like the
sky row game except for with orchestral
music I don't I can't say that I have
ever played it i unlock some really
fucking cool planes really exciting got
some new weapons I was having a great
old time
we just don't worry about the minions
all right is that this rep well the you
know the the wind the wind is up on the
top right there all you need to do is
defeat the mid boss to win yeah
but how how much are those minions gonna
wreck your day while you're trying to
defeat the boss
that's the up-down of it
locked in a 0% chance
my guess is all of this will be recorded
and it will be a big past broadcast and
you can watch it later but I honestly
have no idea
yep
I think it's smart to deal with a few of
the minions just so they're not picking
their ass off
man what are we doing smack in the plan
rabid obviously load them that's very
true most of load em says I get the
feeling that even if this is recorded it
won't be a great stream seeing as most
of it is going to be why isn't the
stream working that's the problem
a lot of this dream has been wise
industry working and then discussing our
legal options for streaming to YouTube
final Simoes motherfucker you know what
I would love to but you didn't watch the
Nintendo thing a game that looks really
interesting do you guys see obviously
not rich more fees law it looks to be a
an online-only shooter and you play as
these like sugar skull looking things
and the idea is that if you shoot the
enemy in the head it makes your head
grow bigger and their head grow smaller
and if you shoot the enemy in the body
it makes their body grow smaller and
your body grow bigger and then there are
places on the map that you can only
reach if you have a small body and so
then more opportunities for for moving
around the map open up if you get hurt
more right and of course you're smaller
so you're harder to hit and it looks
like a really interesting take on the on
the player versus player shooter genre
looked really neat very it looked like a
neat art style but of course because
it's an online only multiplayer it's
just gonna be one of those is there
going to be a is there going to be
people to play with but it is both on
switch and PC
so more fees law is what it's called
Murphy's Law
as you know more
I'm just trying to stretch it outwards
just trying to stretch it out I'm just
trying to stretch out the content but do
you get it anyway it looks really neat
so that some other Indies were announced
today for the switch nothing terribly
groundbreaking I had to wait I purchased
this game first thing Tuesday morning
and I had to wait after I bought it
either way too good in 10-15 minutes
just so my switch could charge because I
haven't touched it in months so I just
had to put it on the dock and charge it
for like a month
at the at currently I don't think rich
can heal Mario not kami
he has no healing items later one of
your rabid peach who gets the ability to
heal people in her close vicinity but it
is not a lot like she gets to heal him
20 points at a time so it is not a lot
of healing
I would like to see a blob game where
you play as the blob and your objective
is to consume the population of a town
after town got a merit diamond say
diamond Z whatever Katamari Damacy is
good actually there is a game called
from the from the creators of guacamole
I want to say is it called
was it called Katamari Damacy would be
but there is one where you actually play
as about a blob hold on I'm trying to
fight drink box studio that's who it is
drink box Studios made tales from space
about a blob they made a game called
tales from space about a blob where you
literally it's like a platformer and you
play as a blob and you suck up things
it's not the best but it's interesting
we did stream Katamari a while ago I
love that game
I played the crap out of that game
all the time
you know how I ended up winning this I
was down to my last guy and the plant he
came up to me and hit me with his fire
stick it has a blast radius so if you
know another person's gonna die get him
right up next to the plant cuz it'll
hurt the plant to his little fireball
blast
you and ravage know this could be washed
yeah you've just lost one so far I
forgot to tell rate I'm surprised by his
knowledge of Seagal movies I'm not
surprised about anything Steven Seagal
movies are awesome in their own unique
way here's the update from twitch
support update we're still jammed
somebody gave us the raspberry that's
just a reference to the classic Mel
Brooks movie Spaceballs I know I'm sorry
as one that was a real update yes that
was a real update if you follow I follow
twitch support on Twitter and they just
updated two minutes ago saying they are
still jammed
you know we've been fairly lucky as far
as times that there are twitch outages
and not really streaming at those times
I want to say this is the first time in
in the recent memory that we've been
we've been a block to due to a twitch
outage
bitch right you got nothing there
and get right up next to the flower
because then when the flower kills you
and I'll hurt itself go full kamikaze
absolutely this is the right call
see look he got burnt too when I was
down into 73 nice I mean he has a
sacrifice rabid Luigi
oh good and you have your shield all up
that's great
so you're ready to go
yeah but you might get lucky oh you want
to get lucky and hoping he'd Oh nope no
burn get right up in there again
right he'll take himself take himself
out with the blast don't trip
also don't trust me with this tactics
and strategy I I'm I'm saying full
ramming speed you didn't die you didn't
know you're gonna do it you're gonna do
it that's what he did and look you want
to read a bit of you one
please you're welcome you're welcome for
winning
that's it sir
I know she's the best yeah I love how
she constantly is taking selfies though
in general I do hate rabbits yeah I
think they're very annoying
yeah great there's slightly there's
slightly below minions on the things I
can't stand the scale but what do you do
it wasn't technically rich one isn't
that all it's mean technically actually
I want you actually I mean you gotta
look at you can go fuck off oh I don't
think I did much better here your
jackass I've already played it I know
that I know it all yeah well you got
a-you know you're definitely playing I'm
playing for a while what a break oh oh
okay sure
you Bissell knows if you want house you
say I brought mine sure if you just
wants what you know you guys want to see
a later love would put a new Wii in the
dock yeah or the new you know and I was
just gonna say like do you guys I said
what do we do you guys want to see a
later level but then I realized that you
know not many of you can like hear us
right now or have a choice in this so
I'm gonna yeah I'm gonna go grab mine
literally they can hear right
hmm oh yeah I guess I guess that's an
issue
theoretically this should work yeah
great great this is my switch is
something up with twitch yep real-life
rabbit to Rabbids Rabbids I despise the
Rabbids in general they they reek of
like a humor that's trying too hard they
were they like I used to hate them a lot
more and then the minions came around
and I hate the minions even you can't
blame rabbits for the minions I'm not
blaming the rabbit I'm saying I used to
like the rabbits used to be higher up on
my things I can't stand lists and then
the minions can remove the rabbits that
oh it's cute here switch yeah we're
switching the switches I also love that
that little animation yeah it's cute
look at it looks hand-drawn it's great
where am I now which is causing us to
lose revenue yeah yeah it's it like it's
hard to complain too much because they
also allow us to get revenue other times
and we have very little control over
this situation what's what's rabbit
Mario's deal
oh I you know what I just got rabid
Mario that's what happened to me so
let's shock you're not using Luigi Luigi
I was well no they gave me rabbit Mario
this was the I like Luigi Luigi a lot
and he has here's some good skills at
low health yeah he's got low health but
he can do the the bounce off of multiple
people thing right so what's this
precision thing he's got can he hit
people behind cover better no he his
weapons go can shoot further that's why
I say he's got the sniper he is he is
basically a sniper rifle
you know let's try to get let's see what
Mario rabbits all about and Luigi Luigi
let's see what Mario rabbit has for a
weapon shit that's good damage
vamp damage damage Delta when a weapons
super effects is triggered vamp ensures
any damage taken by the effects
restaurant but what is vamp damage I
would assume so
oh yeah the fit pack you got that code
in your in your thing right there's a
code for 8-bit weaponry it's pretty
adorable so we're gonna use that boom
shot the secondary you don't have a
secondary all right great
yeah we're skill oh yeah we got some
skills we can use now
you increased - damage that's important
well that's nice actually both let's do
damn a great - damage and upgrade how
many point how many places we can move
after we stomp on an enemy these are the
important things so this is the skill
tree everybody gets a skill tree and you
know you all those coins that you pick
up don't do anything here in the skill
tree these are the purple orbs that you
get but let's see if we can do another
thing okay I'm just gonna be upgrading
some people here see rapid peach has
this really nice thing where she can
melee hurt more than one enemy on one go
which is pretty during powerful we're
not using her at the moment but
might as well upgrade here all right
rabid Luigi has a bazooka and he has a
vamp damage which is pretty pretty
baller you know I think that's what I'm
just gonna I'm gonna upgrade - damage
for everyone because that's what's
important to me right now
- damage let's raise your maximum health
up - Luigi now I just unlocked rabid
Mario so that's why he has so many
purple orbs okay so we're gonna get to -
great we're gonna get your hammer and
we're going to get magnet dance which is
enemies within range are drawn to rabid
Mario okay who's gonna be my
it's bodyguard ability interesting and
lets up your max HP to make sure that
that we can be my tank because that's
your driver drivers tank now all right
doing good doing good just a couple more
to get here damage that's good
that's an area of movement instead of
that let's do that
great okay that was all the upgrades so
that those were the skill trees which is
fun okay now we got our team where did I
come from
where did I come from where am I going
okay so the wind condition is defeat all
the bad guys what do we got here we got
oh we got a couple big ones guys are not
fun
not fun at all
oh and these guys to see these fuckers
sherbert support these guys he'll and
they throw grenades and they suck they
suck cuz they throw grenades
Ziggy but these guys these guys they
can't move very far but they do an
incredible amount of damage tanks I will
need to take care of these healing guys
right away
everybody's weapon damage that's good
burn damage for him that's great well I
can buy a nice hammer
secondary weapons huh oh yes secondary
weapons let's give this a try I don't
know it's stone damages but I'm gonna
assume it's like honey where maybe it
stops their movements
wait I think I'd have a new primary for
you already
I guess what have been just more
powerful but it could be the fuck do I
know
let's see currently I have honey damage
so Mario's weapon kind of get bad
Danvers yeah generally speaking let it
sit you know they do come and go okay
this one does more and more honey damn
that's nice
so if I want one maybe I go with this
purple one the cha-cha oh shit
would increase damage against supports
probably want that
have I been getting any tips nope yeah
nope
which is fine that's fine I'm just
curious just like what beefcake says now
we're never gonna get the funds to buy a
VR system sorry everybody it's never
gonna happen now I just wanted to
overstuff I had to go back and read Wow
nope we're good we are good discovered a
film Westland greatly enjoy him best of
the worst you got a copy of dragon hunt
get a spin won't say much more I don't
know that we do have that that one
doesn't something like a Ragan hunt that
the over there unless it's like a ninja
thing I got one shot that's just fantasy
yeah but it might be a ninja thing
that's what I'm thinking is it ninja or
medieval right what kind of dragon are
we talking about help us out here
tipster Johnny everything seems like
it's down it's awful Davo why does it
say stream has ended is because which is
having issues today major major issues
he's already gonna burn if you chew him
behind that box try him you have
somebody else she got him first
Oh interesting
so he has this one magnet dance which is
like I draw a fire right I could draw
fire in Japan is interesting if you're
behind you cover yes right oh of course
of course
it's a Canadian martial arts film okay
we might have it we have a lot of action
movies are you actually going to look
right now I think no I think it's like
right here oh no hon that's that's twin
dragon encounter I was like I think it's
right behind me right now there's one on
the shelf is actually called ninja hunt
Oh Ranga no no not right now sure
mario's other ability though so mario
has overwatch and Maura has overwatch
and empower which does 20% extra damage
to heroes in range so that's not bad but
what I think I'm gonna do with Maura
this this turn his bounce off of my
friend then bounce off this because so
this is a support character and he heals
yeah his friends so he's the one I want
to kill first bounce off of him come
over here for the flame okay
that's my thought and then I can have my
rabbit blow them up if you blow up that
firebox yeah is there an area of effect
that'll get that support - I believe so
you'd have somebody just shoot at the
one behind the fire barrel first to
catch them on fire well I want to weaken
them first because if they catch on fire
I don't know where they're gonna run
okay
okay fair point I'm not used to dealing
a fire right so here I'll weaken him a
little bit and then I can shoot him oh
yeah he's going down
what son of a bitches shot the wrong one
gosh dang it no well we still got the
wages you can do oh no Louise you can't
do anything hello shoot up the fire box
up Louise you find the shitty cover yes
get behind the shitty cover into it
oh well this will work let's see I've
never used this gun before actually oh
my god that seems like a pretty amazing
gun that it was actually really happy
with that gun yes can you take Mario off
your team no I don't believe I can
didn't believe you know let's get these
guys an overwatch and then maybe we can
kill that one one support you we don't
need anything from right now all right
good the other guy moves he'll first you
bastard damn bastard that's like please
nerf that gun right look at him
that was nuts
and you can't be run into these guys
before no oh man they're great slow
moving but if they get near you they
will haul up yet so so this twitch
getting some got a cyber attack thing
going on is that what this is what's
going on I have no idea
you know this use it again does it not
it obliterates all of my cover - I need
to be really careful about when I use
that so also demolishers more cover yeah
if I if I fire it at my cover that's
crazy
wait shit
he's got to shit they into big guys you
can hang back and take care of the big
guys just to charge you yeah but it'll
take them a couple turns to get down
here so the thing about the big guys
they move slow they can only move four
tiles yeah
but they also will move at you if you
shoot at them so every time you shoot at
them they will move at you and then on
their turn they'll move at you okay
servers okay is that oh that's a next
time okay I'd love to take some pop
shots
but there's no clothes
don't think they're gonna because the
other guys close enough to shoot at a
fire so it'll be fine it'll be fine
maybe he's hanging back
it's fun stuff
and start messing with these presenters
there's a springbok tune I can only
assume it's like the other cover where
if someone shoots it it if you're right
here it shoots you back it does spring
damage or whatever I'd be very useful
for those berserkers if you could spring
them off the map maybe I'm just I'm
doing the over-under it's like one two
three four so he'll end up right here I
don't know if the spring will do damage
to them right there you know let's find
out let's find out rich
can you jump rabid Mario okay no I can I
moved him already this time and that's
as far as I can oh wait maybe I could
jump
see I don't want to sink there well I
but I want to hit the box not him
all right let's do it that was the plan
right yeah yeah that's gonna be the
that's gonna be the question let's see
what happens oh wait I wonder if
actually we could have been tactical
about this no the Box doesn't tell us
all right
well fuck it let's see what happens wait
I can't hit the box
I can't hit the box
there's a wickiup any kind of a wash but
I have this
oh well did something that wasn't bad
that wasn't bad
why are you safe and cover you fuck with
them I'm good yeah you know hey worse
yeah one guy's pretty long healthy for
I'm gonna fuck up Luigi now but that's
fine all right well great let's let's
let the enemies go possible to have
reboot fatigue sure but you know it's
just one of those things like you know
if it's if it's a good movie or good
reboot of anything financially man they
spend hundreds of millions of dollars
making a movie now right as compared to
back in the day it was a little 10
million yeah 10 million was little back
in the day so given that the stakes are
so high why would you ever want to spend
a hundred at three two hundred and fifty
million dollars or more on a completely
new idea a completely unproven idea they
want to play it as safe as possible so
as long as movies are this expensive to
make we are going to keep seeing reboots
of things you know
I think his head I'm fine one yeah it's
awful Andrew he found me but I think
when he's blind he can't swing but I've
been wrong before but what I'm hoping
here oh yeah now look at this
so like Luigi's just shot him which made
him come up to Luigi
so now Mario is gonna shoot him and now
come after Mario hey little back and
forth
great yeah I came up with a strategy it
worked great oh shit I can't shoot him
or else I'd estimate Luigi which might
be worth it because there's only one
enemy left after this guy does he blow
up huh no Bo you've got that I have the
the shot the mega shotgun huh use the
hammer in this area I can use they don't
want to do I want to take he's got a
power that makes enemies go to him right
who rabbit Mario oh yeah yeah cuz he's
not gonna be able to reach rabbit Mario
does the only blue sport Isles there you
go
wait Rudy can you move I wonder if I'm
lucky
oh look at this now that he moved Mario
can hit it oh well there you go
that's not figured we got it we got it
you could you could use the salts with a
close-combat perfect really fucking
preservers you shoot them and then with
with the assault that's got the close
combat perk and then the deserved moves
towards that assault and then when he
gets too close the assault has the close
combat perk so he takes a free shot on
the mazurka I'm sure then you have
somebody else shoot the Berserker that
makes the Berserker move out of range
and then you have somebody else's on the
other side shoot at him and he comes
back and he gets shot again at the close
combat sure sure
hey buddy how'd you like your cover you
like that like that cover Oh bring
hidden springy thing just have anybody
shoot out that plague don't fly our
phones
by no mario really should have gotten
flood as a weapon in this from mario
sunshine sure
oh I wanted to finish him off of a jump
right good about that felt good about it
getting any chattering chat well the
other so there's so few people no sad
like a fucking ghost town yeah yeah you
know thankfully it's a twitch thing and
not a not anything else thing you know
like I'll take it for you know one one
stream every once in a while okay right
into battle number two here yeah twitch
is down for everyone
oh here's a new guy is anybody even
hearing this at this point how bad is it
alright this last last I checked
sixty-eight people reviewing this is
anybody actually watching this at all
say something in the chat all right
a few oh yeah all right then we keep
going yeah we keep going listen we we
proceed as usual I was gonna say if it
was literally nobody
yeah that would just be that would be
sad that would be sad because we here
we're talking people yeah
look we love you I'm not no I'm just
thinking if there was literally nobody
watching right that is just a waste of
time
-
I would be demanding more XCOM but this
game is close enough to satisfy you know
it's it's obviously it's lights it's
meant for a lighter audience but I'm
into it if I start playing XCOM I'll
probably never play this yeah oh yeah we
needed to do this before you play next
time absolutely I got a plan
marriage I think I feel I figure on why
wasn't that exciting over the XCOM dlc
why is that I have faith that it's gonna
be some fun content but the way they've
advertised it with those three alien
characters they're just really fucking
lame characters sure and I don't give a
shit about them and in general I don't
give a shit about characters and XCOM
right it's like these new aliens no fun
they look stupid
this is that high cover you can't
destroy those blue glowy or shiny bricks
I know the one I'm at is a cover you
can't destroy that's like men right but
I've never seen those that's it that
just looks like ice do you think I'll
melt well there that's what I'm hoping
and so I'm getting I'm gonna get Mario
and Luigi poised up top yeah
and then I'm gonna blow up their cover
Mario's gonna have to blow him soon no I
don't think he has any range that's what
I'm hoping at least we'll see sometimes
you got to learn a lesson rich expound
expansion it's fucking ha ha I know I
know it's probably gonna be amazing you
can you can play all you want after this
if I if I start playing that I am never
going to play this and the plan was to
do a previously recorded on this
absolutely well yeah like it's it's a
live game once you're once you're ready
well you can you can then you can let me
know and we go to the DB episode and
then we'll be all done
oh you're just happy hoping I can hit
you I'm gonna save my overkill my over
watch to see what this guy does his
overwatch animation does anybody have a
okay well then he got written like mario
rabbit has I didn't do a ton of what Oh
a support oh you fuck
so you liking this more than you like
backs calm yes I get I get this more
next time I think was too big for my
understand this more than I do
Omar's got the honey shit Mario stuck -
dang it
I'm sure I'm sure that I I know I have
faith that the XCOM expansions gonna be
good people in the chat are saying it's
great
yeah but I'm criticizing the
advertisement of it okay that's fair I
think that's fair I like the XCOM aliens
this is weird and alien almost Bigley
unknown bizarre thing and then you have
these talking like character douchebag
right things for whatever they call this
one the war war uh it's not Warner Bros
it's none of that oh so many things I
have that's it is over I don't care
about that that's stupid
that's stupid we're the chosen mega chat
Thank You chap I don't I don't I don't
think they've done a very good job of
advertising it yeah obviously you need
to get behind that shield oh yeah but
I'm you know how much damage can that do
it didn't do a ton to Mario but I'm
guessing right up next to it no no no no
your weapon dude can you kill him no not
with one shot
see my options today like I could go
down here and maybe take care of it now
I can carefully evaluate in this
situation I don't think he can come down
this says the stream is not working does
anybody know on which stream slash video
they killed Jason wait we could try and
save they wouldn't hurt me is in one of
the streams I did with Karen probably
one of the more recent ones right yeah I
just want to find YouTube a little bit
ago a thing they did one where we
actually got the kill it's the one right
before Jack returns again yeah it might
be FTJ faster than Jason yeah I think it
was the last Karen stream - I think
wasn't the FT Jason one wasn't that the
one where I got into that little war
with that jackass could be Salter min or
whatever his name was that I don't know
most obnoxious streamer ever
complain because I ain't no use the
tactic and then wouldn't shut up about
it but that wasn't the stream where we
got the kill
see what this guy does you pissed him
off pretty good I know I did I'm just
sad I didn't get to hit him with my car
oh there's another support over there
yeah so I have to take care of those two
supports before I take out the bad guy
because they'll just be healing and all
going over again when that dickhead hit
me with more stupid jelly I'm Mario
stuck this is Mario stuck yeah Mario
stuck
here
hit you it's like that was the ultimate
ending that stream or than hitting him
with a car oh yeah that's a great gun
that's a great good that's good
you know what that is it's good times
right dick good times head vile I watch
the stream in parallel it's kind of
funny how you both had plans to kill
each other even if you spawned as
counselors mmm what a dick
what a dick sounds like it it sounds
like a dick
nope look at him because I flagged him
like you put his hands up
Mario you loose this useless over here
oh I got it for 35
that's something yeah so it's a shield
not it just dampens damage just know
this shield is 100% cover and while
you're in front of him but that must not
that must not be true when he's moving
okay cuz I hit him with an overwatch
shot while he was okay all right now
Mario's got to play fucking catch-up
here
oh wait no no no no no no yeah I can
shoot him from here I don't want to get
behind this because if he shoots this
I'm fucking dead so I'm just kind of
shooting from no but I can I can kill
him this round yes Mario can kill him
but I can kill him is drop coverage
rubber yep oh dude and Mario kill them
good dude ah fucker yep don't you worry
rich I know you were worried but we're
gonna get him like a stick was being a
dick it's just funny how easy it was to
get him riled up that's salt oh man
yeah oh yeah he was a terrible twitch
streamer just horrible pandering piece
of shit oh whatever
yeah you have to wonder we're like with
some of those twitch streamers that are
like purposefully dickheads like what
are you doing we're just gonna blank got
more viewers all I had to do was be
myself
be careful chasing those chasing those
those twitch fans
boom boom this room is no longer in slow
mode was it in slow mode oh man no guys
we don't need that tonight tonight's one
of the few nights that we don't need it
yeah
great
more shit great box puzzles push that
one up to the green box no no that one
had an alternate solution this is this
person
you cannot complain I got to figure it
out easy peasy man twitch just started
working for someone
yay well you know what morocco i am
enjoying mario Rabbids shockingly so i
did not think this was a game i would be
into you needed eggs come I didn't know
hey Dex come I just wasn't into it
it's not it's not a genre I'm super into
and I'm not a big fan of the rabbits but
they found out they found a way to make
it work for him which is basically
simplifying in which I'm absolutely okay
with the way those things are in another
stream here it's not smooth it's like
I don't know if you have you seen any
chunks like I've had some it seems like
a stylistic choice cause everything else
is moving smooth it's not like a low
frame rate right oh no I've had
something I've had some generate updraft
frames I have not switches a piece of
shit compared to mine it's same it's not
it's not like you have a better graphics
card in your switch should have up I
should have went for the GTX switch
edition looks good it's making you want
to switch you're not gonna get the
variety of games that's an
understatement
every time we could do with these boxes
later run into a bunch of these boxes
can you jump on the maybe you can't join
in a power yeah there's the thing and
like it looks like a down arrow some
something something has to jump on them
I know right I guess I can't do anything
can't do anything about it now so we
won't worry about it
Jack somebody send you an email about
board games someone sent me an email
that they they are a maker of board
games they've worked on some notable
board games including like risk and
something else where I was like well not
be enough regional but they probably did
something somewhere along yeah and
because I had mentioned wanting to talk
like you know someone was like hey if
you could interview anybody about video
games who would you interview and I said
no if I want to talk to someone who
makes board games cuz I don't know
anything about that no and they got a
hold them in they said hey I make board
games if you want to know stuff about
that night probably did not get back to
obviously this you're a horrible person
manager no I'm usually pretty good at
getting back to people
great job mr. right mr. right fine
oh there it is
I just thought eating grabbing no
activate the thing I did actually thing
it removed via barrier out to the blue
camp what's that green that drops me
down you just on there let's take this
back over here let's see if this let's
see what this place is all about like
what's this
oops
now there's gonna wit green sweet
right things separate okay oh I get it I
get it
check it check it yeah I think I get it
I think I get it read when you do the
green then you do the blue yep
I get it now
there we go boom
puzzles so many puzzles and I get oh
well you know noir that's nice sometimes
you just get a piece of concept art and
design alright now let's go check out
that red coin situation there's this
last red coin
what's up that's it up here like a
dickhead now
is it backed by where the thing moves
okay the thing you just got that why you
just opened by the chest in it oh there
it is there it is hidden nice this
doesn't seem like XCOM at all I'm not
this part they've replaced base building
with exploration and puzzles yeah light
exploration and light buzzes the prickly
persuader great large still discovering
and upgrading weapons
Rinat upgrading them no not upgrade I'm
just getting new web apps when twitch
starts working again will they restart
the game and
this is where I have a real problem
Moomba being the leader
oh shit I see yeah oh why back that's
fine we can do that we can do that kids
today are all about the concept arts I
don't believe you
god no and which starts working we are
we are not going to restart the day no
in string for another four hours
so much daily sure do make upstream
maybe right maybe we should what is
today Wednesday yeah maybe
okay then we should yeah yeah probably
it's not our fault switch went all
cattywampus button this is now
unofficially a bonus stream right
whether kosher or the courser not the
Mario I want like I see this line of
things and I'm controlling the Roomba
and I want to control Mario so I always
try to get Mario in front of the thing I
want to do and I hate it
no this is the makeup stream will stream
again to me like tomorrow or Friday or
something yeah either tomorrow or Friday
you don't know what yet though not off
the top of my head all right I love you
there'll be a tweet
let's weed it out get on your Twitter
you gotta go go go go go go go go go you
got it this time you got it you got it
you boom yeah so that's the kind of like
puzzles that they got to do weapon
that's nice
maybe tomorrow there is no room there is
no Roomba I want there to be no room but
but there is Roomba I want just Mario to
be the leader of the party but look it's
this room but with rabbit ears it's
confusing as you would expect it to be
Mario I get it well and Mario is also
the leader of your party you know not
the Roomba I'd understand it more if you
could switch Mario are you sure you can
switch Maria well let's check if we go
to battle HQ and we go to team selects
see he's just selected as the leader
just watch someone else try to track see
yeah yeah you have to have Mario key
unless there's some sort of team leader
button that I'm missing
yeah I think mario has to be the leader
of your team it's worth checking yeah
new ex-con classics looks lit Rises like
somewhat classless a new accent classes
I get it like literature lit I mean
they're on fire they would hot that's
that's hip talk rich why would rich Evan
there's no hip tar that's hip talk I
know I'm hip talk
you know unhip tuck why why is there a
giant rather statue
because if remember the kingdoms have
been merged rich it's not just the
Mushroom Kingdom
it's it's the mixed-up Mushroom Kingdom
and we need to save it you need to save
the Mushroom Kingdom
I don't get the new hip talk like fat
what's that that's not even the new hip
talk wow that's old what yeah
get with it old man yellow ones go down
right this guy goes this way
oh you move one of the time one other
thing oh these aren't heaven these
aren't uh nice as you would suspect they
would be
this makes it fairly tedious
one sit down so do I just step on the
blue no you're not fat enough I could
step on the move oh there's a box you
need to move one that you don't need
down on the door off the tie let's hold
it okay
I'm still not clear chat if woke refers
to right or left wing I'm still not
clear on that
woke woke doesn't refer to any right or
left wing being woke means being
suddenly made aware of something like so
it could refer to either like a laundry
detergent there's a conspiracy with
laundry detergent and you really don't
need to use as much as the cap
recommends so you use a little bit less
that means you woke
Oh weight loss on my weight loss
installed I'll admit that
your weight loss has stalled yep are you
are you just not working for it anymore
yeah basically should I know
put it down okay I can't get up here you
can't get up there no and if I could
push both no why would you think that
push the one back down yeah yeah no well
yeah you know cuz I can't get angry now
no move that over to the green I can't
move that over one warm trust me this
one yes okay now go move that other one
ah I get oh wait maybe not yeah no I can
this one oh yeah okay
all right now with this one on to the
red that's the whole point of this
puzzle apparently was to get it on the
red one I'm probably not good these
boxes have moved at a fucking faster
nope
jesus fucking christ why are they so
goddamn slow cuz a Roomba is moving them
rich rumbas are not very powerful
hey did it I don't know what I did if
that was a good thing to do over here
Jack how do you feel about the hip-hop
duo mad villain I've never heard of him
nor have I there's a lot of hip-hop the
like and there's some hip-hop but don't
are they good if they're good I like
them
great alright I can't go that way
oh you know what I think I needed to do
that puzzle to proceed so one thing we
talked about that would really annoy
people you know the Star Wars
predictions right like upcoming you know
best of the worst episodes any sort of
juicy gossip now that the chatty isn't
all here to ruin it Project Hornet right
not that I am aware of huh I know
they're still so bother
is it sino bothers hands at the moment
and he's still doing a thing
God tornadoes
there's a weather clock rich there is a
fucking weather clock you shouldn't be a
weather clock is dangerous the clock
that tells you whether is tell me what
the weather is going to be why is this a
bad thing I don't know I confused that
was silly
I wanted to see if I can break this
really matter cuz you hop in multiple no
I thought that's an upgrade though so
mine that's so Mario right let's see
like look so Mario did the one jump but
now the Luigi has the multi jump so the
we G can get two rabid and then jump off
of Mario to get further
I think it's awesome even if you're
gonna be a cunt about it
yeah how do you feel about Hollywood
directors talking and promoting rlm oh
it's terrible huh oh how fucking dare
they how dare they who's talking about
is known
a lot of people like I think you know
you guys make stuff from a filmmaking
standpoint and so people who are in the
film industry watch red letter media
including Pharma speak we drove the
lights out guy off at Twitter we got a
week we got him to leave social media
not deliberately
Moseley was taking a lot of shit over
that contest well yeah no and I actually
I saw him on reddit why you can still
heal people I saw him on Reddit trying
to defend the contest and how he was
like I like I didn't necessarily have
anything to do with this contest and
blah blah and like I saw him really like
go out of his way to defend because he's
a big fan of our line yeah I'm not
necessarily doubting him on that all
right but up but also he is like his his
name is on the project so like you have
to at some point you need to the buck
stops here if you will right it's
working
shit guys were only streaming for like
another half hour hour
so that's that's my full set of
predictions for Rob the last Jedi and
the next movie I think those are like I
think a lot of a lot of your predictions
are gonna be right yeah yep and we can't
obviously we just we can't confirm
whether they're gonna be right but I
like the sound of it I like the sound of
a Rachel on
I like that people just showed I was
making some decisions I had to make some
decisions and that's what I do when I
make decisions I go listen guys and I
just I need to stress I know Mike
stopped by earlier today you cannot
expect that to ever happen you cannot
think that this is gonna be a regular
thing like it was really nice of Mike to
stop by shared some news on some
projects but please don't think that
this is that he really wanted to play
bridge forever right well and you know
what he brought his own vibe which I
thought it was really nice of him and
but again this is not going to be an
everyday occurrence
oh come on I can't believe any of you
are dumb enough to believe that shit
like it's you know it should have ended
it shouldn't have gotten as far as Mike
brought in his vibe that should have
been word ah they figured it out by that
point he's been waiting four fucking
hours to see you playing a baby game of
course they are various what do you mean
a baby game come on man it's a kids game
sure not a baby game point settle down
perfectly acceptable game like what
makes us a baby I'm just the art style
was that it it's a Mario game Mario
games can't be for grown-ups don't have
any fonts let's change let's change like
the character all the character models
will make it like naked ladies this is
still a baby game tactics game it's not
as not as deep as XCOM but is not not as
shallow as I thought it would be
right right let's find it
fine
right there
usually in this game is
fan-fucking-tastic I'm inclined to agree
that the music is fantastic yeah yeah
it's fine
see the last one yeah you've just gotten
behind him and killed him
no because this stage has tornados and
it was I was unsure if the tornado would
take a turn after all right all right I
didn't want to do do well on the map and
then all of a sudden not do it all
sudden like you know I'm gonna lose
himself because of the fucking tornado
no more heroes just the roost oh yeah
that was the other that was the other
announcement yeah

[Part II]
I said not do it all right all sudden
like you know I'm for the loser self
visiting fucking tornado no more heroes
just a ghost oh yeah that was the other
that was the other announcement yeah is
a four four nin nin D for the switch for
the switch yep
alright I'm taking the time out
yep no more heroes Super Meat Boy
forever some other indie games the
cool-looking multiplayer shooter
Kentucky route zero TV edition son of a
bitch god is that loud
oh well it's the frosted crunchy alone
where's the video app what do they do to
you too
which is currently watching the trailer
tomorrow no more heroes
it's like Oh weird Travis with a new
voice might be I don't know
oh no rich is happy
we do the sound mixing on this
a fourth wall they just broke the fourth
wall how are they annihilated it in the
Alaskan no they literally punch my
fourth wall
all right I'm down I'm totally down 10th
anniversary juice is that that's that
isn't that is some news to you that's
some oh shit - babe yeah
that's enough that's some host shit to
me
I'm sorry what are my expectations for
Justice League I I know what's the
what's the latest news on Justice League
is Joss Whedon is officially getting
co-writing credit which means he is now
adding enough to the script I want to
say it I want to say in order someone
can google the rules for me but there
are official screenwriters guild rules
for how much a script you need to
contribute to to get credit and I want
to say it's 30% I want to say you have
to contribute which means like you could
write whole scenes and not get credited
but if you contribute up to or more than
30% you have to get a credit so if Joss
Whedon is getting a writers credit that
means he has contributed more than 30%
of the script good yeah well yeah people
people ask this question every now and
then I didn't I never really have a good
answer like act new No More Heroes
that's officially that's a game I'm
looking forward to oh well there you go
there you go rich you have a game you're
looking for is enough I'm looking fine
to that they go well then you go finally
twitch is working yay welcome hi
everybody welcome everybody
I don't know those big fuckers
oh my god oh these are new socks they're
just the bottom of them is gray um oh
that one's gonna hold that's got a hole
in it that's recent then those are is it
relatively new socks I think you need to
get your shit together rich these are
relatively new socks
that's a shame she sucks yes cheap why
would you spend a lot of money on
fucking socks so they don't get holes
after they're cheap who cares after
they're relatively new
I'm happy about no more heroes all you
people are trying to solemn II give it
all you can all go fuck yourselves there
you go
so this map I don't know you have you
got antenna TV reach the area maps yeah
I have one of those the thing about
these maps is just one person yeah needs
to needs to reach the end
yeah
oh I can nice
we need you with his double jump
super jump strats will do a great job
all right I love I love Luigi super jump
the Iron Man
no no not permadeath either
yeah in fact they have easy mode like
when you get to certain map of bat
bosses you could hit the Y button I
haven't played an easy mode yet but they
have easy mode just Luigi needs to make
it everyone else is expendable
Gately says ahoy fellas just seeing if
tips are hexed as well no tips are
working again
Carlos uh 2 1 3 says hey stream is
fuckign again so are you liking this
game I am considering buying meat XCOM
light not that I've played too much yet
but I'm liking it so far like you know
the thing to make sure you understand is
that it is light it is which is fine
it's cute it's easy to pick up and
understand it's a great you know like I
really enjoyed that
that's my stand of simplified taxes and
so I like that about this
that it is you know it's so it's a
little easier to wrap my head around
whoa damn that's alright that's alright
only Luigi needs to make it that's they
my only concern Mario and rabid Mario
are expendable it's good all these guys
are going towards them and Luigi's gonna
sneak around the back though I should
have I should have raised my shield we
might make it this turn
not very
not very far at all anyone else paying
attention to other people who luigi is
just gonna sneak her I just have to go
to that yellow car I don't know if Avery
should have stayed behind that high
cover probably but oh no no I don't have
to you never lie cuz I'm gonna fade him
over here but this guy this guy's got
that Oh yep stay alive during the
baiting I'm assuming right
now we are enjoying Mario XCOM I'm not
super farming him
I'm not even past world one yet no I
just passed for one not knowing that
world one that's tired the Piranha plant
fight guy was that the boss I'm assuming
that's the boss that's not the wall it's
not the boss it's not the boss of world
one
not the boss of world one this guy
everyone come to me need to call it X
Kumari oh sure
again I'm just hoping to distract and
see these guys I want them I want them
aiming towards young and not Luigi I get
it
here's what I could do though it's in my
tank
to possibly go distract hopefully that
doesn't end there
fixation just like it was the one guy
even okay right so why does Jack enjoy
this version of XCOM more and interested
I would assume it's because it's simple
that's that's exactly what it is so I
mean you know so far I'm pretty early
into it but I can the the way they
handle their concepts you know a lot of
these things are analogous to XCOM terms
but the way that they present them to me
I understand them is here and yeah it's
much simpler maybe even more streamlined
some would say button Jack do you feel
like you're pulling the trigger though
I don't want to stay away well I can't
reach I do have a lot of help us oh I
can kill one of them while I don't feel
like well like you know yes a little bit
of me does feel like I'm pulling a
trigger because there's not that math
involved okay like you said there's not
like if you have a direct line of sight
to someone it's a hundred percent shot
you're making yeah it's not a 70 percent
even if you have a direct line of sight
that makes it simpler course but for me
that that makes it so I feel like I know
when I'm gonna land my shot
it happens they could gum them up with
my honey that's alright sorry Mario
you're gonna die we want and that's all
that matters the whole team one can I
get please get more jacks naked thigh I
know
see these shorts you get to see all the
goodness all the pale goodness it's
common isn't hard with the save function
lol oh you mean whispered saves gum
that's how that's the only way I made it
through XCOM - banjo kazooie made the
music for this game
that's nice the music is nice the music
is fine
find a nice
weird wanting to fight the Little
Caesars guy or the Papa John's dude I
don't know what the Papa John's dude is
he's Papa John's and what's the
character no he's the owner I don't I
don't know
did you see the the Ghostbusters review
was that that guy that's that guy he's
the owner of Papa John's
Little Caesars guy's a cartoon character
and as a spear so I'm gonna save a
little single time it lives in the olden
time he had to be more fit back then
yeah I know and he's coming in with a
weapon this is the fourth car she had to
walk everywhere the Little Caesars guy
has some cardio yeah oh yeah no Little
Caesars guy all the way Pizza Pizza more
like wait how the hell did they start
four hours ago we've been we've been
streaming this whole time whether or not
you've been able to see him we had tens
of viewers but there were people who
could get in yep
I knew Bowser was gonna make his way in
her sooner or later so far it's just
Bowser jr. what were you what just
really just just really I have to make a
point of some kind here you're just
gonna say well so far it's just Bowser
jr. and I don't have I really have to
say like well where's Bowser jr. you're
probably gonna find Bowser I don't I
have to say that I was just stating a
fact
I wasn't disagree that's why it's so far
rich I wasn't disagreeing with you I
just know I've gotten further in the
game than you so I was just saying so
far hey rich so far there's just been
Bowser jr. and there you go yeah okay
well I'm possibly Bowser's gonna pick it
up later the son of a bitch what do you
think Bowser jr. sounds like we talks in
the gate he talked didn't sunshine he
did you talked in that game there's a
voiceover work for Bowser jr. mm-hmm
calls peach mama I'm just trying to
remember if that was the voice in my
head or if that was a real voice I'll
take the Cooper the Koopalings the Koopa
Kids over Bowser jr. any day Bowser jr.
is kind of lame
yeah I mean I liked his thing in in
Super Mario Sunshine sure like that was
a fun that was a fun story element to it
where he really just thought peach was
his mom I will take the kids there you
know we got to find a little Napoleon
complex thing happening it's it's all
right I don't mind Bowser jr.
leftover beet cake says rich
here's some cash for new socks to unfold
things
why is this parrot a hole in them
the only thing allowed to be wholly
around here should be Neil Breen hail
breezes what's neat what's Neil Breen's
Christmas we'll get you some new socks
for Neil brings Christmas it's the best
of course it's the best Christmas was
there a date did he mention a like a
like a terrorist attack happening on a
specific date in in shit what we didn't
watch you know the old brain Christmas
is the day he unleashes all of the
anthrax right but I'm saying like did he
give a date cause if he did then yes I
want a change in my team I think it's no
good
J fresco - so hey guys are you planning
to ask J to join the stream again after
Twin Peaks airs its final episode in two
weeks
nope never it would be nice to hear us
the hot Sun the finale he's never coming
back ever madam says can you sell me and
settlers of catan I hear Jack talk water
all the time but I don't know anything
about it what is it it all about
thanks okay so here's what you need to
imagine a little bit of monopoly and a
little bit of risk are you at all
familiar with 4x games it's it's kind of
like the board game equivalent to that
you have land that you can kind of like
spread out and explore and then you
build town and you gain resources from
those lands and then you use those
resources to build things to expand your
empire and your goal is to have a bigger
empire than everyone else
no it's not like risk there's no war
no there's no war I like for risk I
meant more like you know risk is all
about expanding your territory and
that's what you do in settlers and then
with monopoly there is the resource
collecting and getting new like so it's
a little bit of risk a little bit of
monopoly it's it's a board game that
once you play it it's very easy to
understand both the rules and the
strategies and another positive note
about it is everybody plays till the end
the town is all about economic warfare
yes yes that's fair that's totally fair
you want a better economy with your
opponents so you can expand faster
there are key strategic areas you might
want to get to first and build your
cities they're like here's a port that I
can get a good deal on trading in rocks
and I have this one city that's by an
area that's got some mines in it and
like it's a number that gets rolled a
lot and then I get a lot of rocks and
that port would be advantageous from you
know there's some strategizing going on
oh yeah good time
but it's it's very once you play it the
game once it's very easy to see what the
strategies our which is I think a
selling point time is much simpler than
they make it out to be I'm I never said
it was horribly complicated oh I'm sorry
if we're making it seem like it's
complicated it's it's very easy to
understand once you play it it's one of
those games where I really do think you
need to put you just you know you need
to play it seeing the stream name I
hoped it was rich playing to do XCOM to
expansion
yeah I could see that sorry Denise point
I have to play this first cuz I know
once I get sucked into XCOM 2 but that's
gonna be it
that's gonna be my life for the next
month yeah
can absolutely see that
none of us is good evening what are your
thoughts on the show Golden Girls I was
watching it today and that shit was
hilarious
I'm not saying that ironically it was
awesome what what what was that what was
I saying earlier when there was only ten
people watching the stream was I said
what what you said last time rich I'm me
I need to have a little one was specific
than that man how about now about that
that's true we were we were having some
DEET we started the stream with some
deep thoughts deep political thoughts
not really political possible you know
we're talking religion tai gog and all
sorts of crazy and then it's like the
chap just wants to ask us about there's
a name shit and have we seen it that's
all that's all they care about Jack hmm
that's all what are you know yeah we
started this trip like the very start I
clarified a point about the definition
of agnosticism yeah now we're not
talking about the Golden Girls Jack but
what do you think about the Golden Girls
I don't you don't at all
well I'll go over that point again I
made it at the start of this week
because there were only about ten people
watching mmm
and I'm sorry if you were here early
that this is gonna be just repetitive uh
III watched the last stream with as I
care for dinner I do that sometimes
browse through it
sure and I noticed I need to clarify
something cuz I did something really
stupid okay we were talking about we're
talking about like religion in general
and somebody in the Chad had said
something like they sound like they're
they're really just agnostics they're
not atheist they sound like a drastic
and my eye like during the stream I said
though it's been quiet you define it and
I I didn't follow that up with a proper
explanation because I'm a moron it's
like I said it's the bends about how you
define it and then I didn't define it
because I'm an idiot
okay all right it is possible to be both
an atheist and an agnostic at the same
time like when you say you whether or
not you're an atheist that's a statement
on what you believe when you talk about
being an agnostic that's a statement
based on what you know and the example I
use from talking about this earlier was
this Russell's teapot famous it's a
philosophical thing and it's it's like
somebody tells you well there's a teapot
on it's orbiting the Sun the same
distance as the Earth only it's on the
other side of the Sun oh we can't see
it's just a normal teapot and it's in
orbit right yeah and if you you know you
want to tell me this I would say you're
nuts I don't believe that then in
regards to that teapot I am an atheist I
am an aid teapot test I do not believe
that there is a teapot orbiting the Sun
okay at the same time I have absolutely
no way to just prove that there is a
teapot orbiting the Sun
on the other side of the earth well I
don't I don't have a satellite out there
I can't go and look at it so I have to
admit well even though I don't believe
in it there could be a teapot there I
don't know that there isn't so in
regards to the teapot I am also an
agnostic I don't believe it's there
atheist but I don't know that it's not
there it could theoretically be there
agnostic yeah so technically I am an
agnostic atheist both both things are
true right and there's a Venn diagram of
existing you know a Venn diagram of
crossover between agnosticism and
atheism right and now I feel better
because I felt so stupid when I watched
that I realized oh I didn't go and
explain it after the fact yeah I just
said something kind of like a smartass
and did not follow it up with relevant
or useful information well you know
Russell's teapot actually brings up
another really good point about burden
of proof yeah the the you know the thing
with I mean you know God or whatever
right the burden of proof is always
always rests on the person making the
claim yeah and so in Russell's teapot is
also used as a you know because a lot of
religious folks will say well you can't
prove that God doesn't exist and then
but the burden of proof isn't on us it's
on the person making the claim there's a
there's a lot it's a lot about that old
teapot guy I am so I just want to start
over
this discussion on top of the cable it's
really charming right that's what we you
know that's the kind of good we bring
here
that's the kind of shit we bring you
here and previously recorded J fresca
chooses is it possible to watch anything
made by Joss Whedon and not felt ill
while watching it now that all the
sleazy news recently came out about him
I feel like I need to throw out my
Firefly DVDs alright this is literally
literally the first time I am hearing
anything about sleazy news about Josh
Whedon coming out and me as well I have
no idea what you're talking about I have
no opinion on this at all because I
literally have no idea what you're
talking about
yeah I've not heard anything yeah I'm
sorry if this is a big deal
but I have I've not heard any sleazy
things he cheated on his wife like
everyone in Hollywood oh yeah I thought
there was gonna be some sex dungeon shit
up in here I mean look if if you're
gonna hate him for that there's a lot of
people you have to hate well wait we
don't have a cool thing we don't we
don't know if that's it it doesn't make
him a good person but if that's the case
if that's all it is just he cheated on
his wife even regularly yeah he's a jerk
but you're gonna hate everything he's
ever done you're gonna hate everything a
lot of people have ever done
it's pretty vanilla oh yeah like I was I
was getting ready for some yeah dirt I
heard oh you don't know what you don't
want to know what he does with the fish
he's got he's got these aquariums in his
house oh but that was a rumor about
Bryan Singer right well I don't know if
that was a rumor
it was it was well we don't know it was
a rumor like yeah but he's to have like
underage parties and stuff yeah Kennedy
Kennedy Jack Kennedy you have to hate
him Oh
Johnny Cash I don't know yeah pretty
good see the one that was married or was
a the woman he was sleeping with his
married either way I thought he was
married it was it both he was married
sleeping with someone else it was
married yeah and then like it later he
married the person he was cheating on
her but still like yeah yeah he's still
a dykon-- you know what the song bob
during the fire is really about that
no his songs burning ring a fire burning
hell because of his love for uh was
jewel what was in her name oh that the
one handed up Mary knows having an
affair it's it's a sin of course of
course the song is about burning in hell
because of his love for this woman who's
married yeah
listen yeah like you know but like mokey
I know you're making a different point
but like the point is we had there
there's other people like dealing with
drama right now like fucking look at
Bill Cosby that's way worse it's like
slight correction apparently June Carter
wrote the song
either way the song is about severe
right right and being a sin and then
burning in hell yeah if that's all it
was like I said just two times but you
know because it's because I do not know
him or his wife it doesn't really affect
me personally I can understand if his
wife never wants to forgive him it's not
really good it's not gonna do much to
change my views on his movies it will
change my views on him as a person but
I'm gonna die anyway fuck it all burn it
to the ground and it ended
mom says what do you say why is eugenics
criticized when the objective is to
improve the human race ah because of
Hitler and Joseph Goebbels
gurbles herbals cables cables cables
no.9 cable gurbles it's not it's not
Nazi of Glen Gables
gurbles gurbles I think it's Goebbels
it's not gerbils the that's a Richard
Gere thing Jeff no it's a horrible rumor
Richard Gere was not Adi eugenics the UH
they're saying gurbles yeah yeah
Nazis ruin everything so some you know
on paper right everyone's like yeah you
know eugenics is good for the whole
human race but where do you make the
cuts there there's a little bit of
losing our humanity and bettering
humanity right you then you get it
saying there's something wrong with like
eliminating the possibility of somebody
getting Alzheimer's that's different
than eugenics is is is killing people
know who have them carry the gene is
decide is like selectively oh that's
it's selectively breeding humanity but I
don't think it necessarily involves
killing no not necessarily
yeah that was those I misspoke you're
right it's it's selectively breeding
humanity yeah to breed out the
undesirable traits right and so that's
all I'm saying is that's a slippery
slope as to who gets to decide what's
undesirable and how do we control that
process that's it that's not something
that I would want to start
because you know even even whatever it's
entirely up to the pouch I'm playing a
little bit of devil's advocate of course
sure yeah well give me example like it's
like it's not you don't you don't
control this bite by telling who they're
allowed to breed with whom instead you
just alter genes in the moon there's a
slippery slope here
yeah want my kid to be a bit healthier a
well what if you find a gene what if I
don't want my kid to be gay right what
if we what do we alter that the womb
where do you stop Jack oh no and then
and then you have a whole nother then
you have a whole nother thing which is
probably the only people that can you
know make their children better in the
womb are the people that can afford it
so then you have this whole class issue
where you know people you know then yeah
that's a terrible slippery slope that's
not I know that's not exactly what
eugenics is you saying there's there's
no connection here between one that
willfully deciding you know what
humanity's genes are gonna look like
isn't that what your generations I'm
pretty sure that's what eugenics is
is eugenics specifically about
sterilizing a group of people that you
don't want to be able to breed well I'll
be I'm against that yes I think that
that's part of it rich I thought the
important aspect of eugenics though was
like we should strive for this standard
by sterilizing those who don't meet the
standard and voting those who do it yeah
it's all part of the it's part of the
same thing I'm not saying it's a good
thing and I never said oh I know you're
you're playing devil's advocate oh but
yeah I know it's a yeah I think it's
terrible I think it's terrible because I
and like I was saying even even if let's
assume you can you know you finds you
find you're Gabe Newell if you find your
person who's gonna do it like Oh
humanely no are we only the best
intentions someone else is gonna take it
over at some point then you fucked
how hardens is he rich you have a pretty
good impression of Georgia Lewis did you
look at interviews of him to get it
close to his voice
also don't give in to the chat give them
what they need not what they want I
think I just realized that he talked
like a toned-down Kermit the Frog
passive-aggressive Kermit Kermit the
Frog depressed that's George
came through the stream very sure a lot
of people came to the stream shortly ago
because for a while the stream was not a
twitch in general was not working
correctly man the officer says man every
person I know who is for eugenics would
have been prevented from being born by
any huge nx4 hopefully like that is the
the definition of slippery motherfucking
slope right there and it's not a work
that's not a world I want to be involved
in
this game is a joke it's low effort
effort ripoff you said something about
Megaman another side scroller and the
NES era god Megaman Megaman such a low
effort ripoff I mean why not just play
Metroid am i right geez oh look they're
running they're running on a platform
and shooting we've done before if you
guys could just stop having fun
see look at that do you see that do you
see those mad framedrops
I'll say this about eugenics it's it's a
flawed concept the idea of a genetically
perfect man or a woman is is nonsense
his evolution doesn't even work that way
you what you want what is better
genetically is to have variety of course
of course
and presuming that we could have any say
so it's kind of a nonsensical concept in
the first place
this times over here
like if everyone's genetics work we're
too similar a disease a new disease that
was good at killing people with that
specific set of genes you know genetic
profile yeah would wipe out the entire
population absolutely
easy diversity is the kid diversity is
good it is it's the key is the key to a
strong civilization evolution is not a
ladder to a specific point it's not
that's that's a gross misunderstanding
of evolution evolution has no
forethought it's all a point even right
it's all hindsight like we're here you
know because this is what happened yeah
what what works what works in the desert
might not work so well in the tundra
you're at tundra
I still got one more of those bastards
we're doing much better this round makes
you haven't won twice speaking of God
good now welcome to the to the video
games dream whether you believe or not
does not matter what matters isn't Mario
Evans do you believe in yourself if so
if God does exist will you bow to him or
become your own God thanks guys
question doesn't make any sense that
might've been a quote that might be a
quote from something
well I know if it's a if it's a Hitler
quote mixing is permanently bad
I don't watch yourself
if God does exist vowing is not a matter
of what you would want is what you have
to do or else
now you get to burn you don't do what I
say it's terrifying concept Oh God
keep that fucker
she's gotta get away from
any God worth are worthy of being a God
would not wanna keep in the background
you know what do you need it you know
you get your God you get bored like you
need you need something to do with your
time like yeah like like what humans
what have we done with our time since
we've gotten more and more comfortable
we played we've made games that's what
it did that's what God did he's like I
gotta do something I don't know here the
rules follow the rules but I'm not gonna
tell you the rules no instruction manual
to this game you're welcome I just I
just figured it out for y'all and you're
the game we are the fun that was the
that was the point there that was kind
of the old point to Romy that was kind
of a joke there
we are the og exactly we are the og
video game doing good we're doing better
this time
none of us well that might be an
interesting topic for discussion I'm not
touching it on streem with a 10-foot
Pole anonymous the answer to your
question is yes it would be inherently
wrong but we won't talk about that
that's the kids a whole big can of worms
jack but absolutely how farted says yeah
move on do veggetti moving hey again
speaking of Kermit the Frog it was a
while ago but any thoughts on the voice
of him getting fired normally I wouldn't
care but outside of Jim Henson he was
Kermit to a lot of kids yeah to me he
was always Kermit who sounded a little
bit weird but I grew up with Jim Henson
Kermit so sure
see what happens shit
and I don't know the details of him
getting fired you don't know the details
of him getting fired yeah hey said he no
he laughed but that doesn't mean
anything right yeah
the composer for the Simpsons was also
fired the composer for the Simpsons and
interesting
I needed that I needed that you can fire
it all the time that's a true statement
rich he did it you cracked the code
Danny often I Danny open to the scene
theme song I I doubt he's done much else
for the Simpsons in the last 20 years
probably not
speaking of God do you guys prefer
Golden Girls or duck tales duck tales
I'm probably here's here's the honest
truth
I have no strong feelings about either I
have probably probably watched more
Golden Girls than I have duck it was the
Golden Girls was a was a in heavy rerun
rotation okay madam says the new Rick
and Morty episode got me thinking
figured a machine that removes the
toxins of your personality but only what
you personally considered toxic you go
inside that machine no I wouldn't says
the man who's constantly negative but I
don't see that as a negative I would
come out more negative and more cynical
right I won't say I guess like that's
the anything that gets would get removed
from your personality would inherently
come back in because we are who we are I
just i 100% find my cynicism to be a
positive trait
I'm not kidding right
I know you're not kidding
maybe it's your allergy to cats got you
emotion concentration yeah but that's
that's not a personality trait
right
then my neighbors ever come back people
doesn't know my my neighbors way I'd
never talk I had never talked to them
before knocked on my door one day and as
an emergency situation their house
sitter ditched them at the last minute
before they went on vacation they wanted
to know if I would take care of their
cat for a week as I was in the middle of
saying no Karen walks by and says of
course we would
and then Karen went out of town for half
the week to leave me to take care of a
cat right there they came back there
were there were zero issues with the
pets or anything Karen said which is
allergic what I will take care of we're
leaving and we're also gonna kill we'll
do it what what what yeah yeah we'll
take know he'll watch cats I know rich
is allergic but I'll take care of him
also by rich Karen wait they offered
before they left will pay you will pay
you I didn't I wasn't the one who
dropped off the key I was here when they
showed back up didn't say a word about
giving us anything yeah yeah yeah yeah
how many issues were there were the
immune system my allergies were worse
than usual but I think it's just
allergy season I think it's just hay
fever roundabout time here I was in and
out of that place as quick as I fucking
could water food bike oh yeah and you
were still sneezing up a goddamn storm
yep rich needs to learn to speak up I
was halfway through doing it I was
halfway through saying no when she just
put it in
a wonderful mispronouncing words is
considered a part of a toxic personality
or is it really just a tic that has
nothing to do with personality
that's a tip mispronouncing words yeah
my not communicating so well as example
my ride just said awkwardly that counts
that would probably be what I wouldn't
change yeah if and again I would I would
lose my appeal to the audience and so it
would be a huge mistake right people
love it when I can't pronounce words
yeah that's what they tune in for
Anonymous's if God exists and he
revealed himself with religious people
actually accepting of God he produced a
new Bible to set his record straight if
they accept it
right what other religions convert you'd
have a shitstorm you'd have a huge
sudden increase in the number of suicide
bombings I'd be a superstar man that'd
be a super shitstorm you'd have a lot of
religious people suddenly becoming
skeptics and wanting proof huh huh their
God well it could be it could be just
some advanced intelligence with it take
a technology that seems like magic to us
mm-hmm some people would convert in some
wooden
welcome to our fun gaming stream that's
a fun topic come on we're gonna talk
about what we talked about that's a good
old fashioned that's a fun chaos is what
that is what the world going nuts
because something came down and claimed
to be God
I know and here are the new rules that
you have followed our man that'd be
crazy here are the revisions get on it
get it also get on it well short
straight for me night all night come on
not hating but suicide bombings beliefs
not the messenger all right unless that
messengers a suicide bomb that what
might have been in poor tastes like if I
if I could write a religion they just
suicide bombings would not be a part of
him they would be they would be
expressly uh forbidden yes
Pressley for me
diet question for Jack quitting soda
how do ya
by the way quitting soda is incredibly
important even even diet soda there are
so many fuckin calories in those things
gogo cold turkey and I recommend I
recommend flavorless carbonated water
get yourself that like light blue
lacroix you can get you know a 12-pack
for nothing at any grocery store and it
has no calories all it is is bubbly
water that's it put that over ice when
you're craving soda and you're good to
go like that's what helped me not drink
beer that still is what helps me not
drink beer like during the week now when
I'm not drinking beer I just have an
ice-cold carbonated water and I feel
great so that's really helpful weight
calories and diet soda it's still sugar
it's still sugar no it's not it is it's
fake sugar but it's still sugar
it's how does that work huh how does
that work
your body still treats it like sugar and
there's actually studies that say that
the fake sugar in diet soda contributes
to more weight gain partly because the
person thinks that they're not having
sugar and partly because it has a
chemical reaction in your body that
holds on to more water in between fat
cells still sugar just like just like
fruit you know fruit while a healthier
for you than a candy bar is still sugar
USDA is lying listen have you ever have
you ever seen those those they have I
want to say vice did a documentary about
it about how much sugar something has to
have in it in order to be considered
sugar-free and the answer is not zero
the answer is something like under five
grams of sugar you can technically call
something sugar free which is the
dumbest thing in the world right
it's crazytown it's absolutely crazy
time
Nicko Kouzes hijack and rich I figured
I'd drop the news here we got a pickup
for 10 more episodes of - Wow hey
congratulations Nico plus it's heading
to Amazon Prime all right you hacks and
arlynn are required to be in them
happily man that's great news
congratulations I cannot speak for
anyone else in Harlem but I'd be dumb
I've been down you'd have to ask him
though I can I can't accept for anyone
else oh of course of course of course I
just like your mic impression yeah my
name is Mike staccato
I don't like doing voices it almost want
Adam Sandler
are you can't
the officers with the box which says
next time you leave town ask your
neighbors to feed your fish then buy an
empty fish tank and put in the living
and put it in the living room with a
trail of water leading to the window
also works with bird / rodent cage
so fucking got jack equal waluigi Richie
fooled Mario Wow
boom just a sound effect early right
sometimes he'll say one word it's an
easy paycheck learn is apparently that
like that guy who does Mario's voice
I've heard stories of him being
incredibly obnoxious yeah and he'll like
he'll like push on you're like will you
want me to say what do you want me to
say is Mario I'll say stuff you like
dirty stuff you want me to say dirty
stuff I'll say it like Mario yeah you
want me to come online yeah that's in
the stories I've heard
see if this is the end of this area it
might be Charles Martinet yeah that's
French I'm not sure what what consonants
are supposed to be silent or not enough
French can be weird like that my hands
over there probably no it's Charles mo
Walt
my husband has moved online another
top-level land mama says you could spend
one day at any time of location but the
guarantee that you would not be harmed
or died when and where would you choose
to spend it I think you've answered this
question because this was this this was
the this was the famous DB cooper any I
was like any place in history yeah yeah
I wouldn't want to know where DB cooper
landed yeah that's what you said you
would want to know where a DV guru that
focused on the history this is focusing
on the place that's making me think okay
anywhere and guarantee of safety yeah
how about Trappist let's try any one of
them any one of those planets oh sure
that's it that star they phones
relatively close there are like three or
four earth sized planets surrounding a
red dwarf Sun and all the planets are
close together and supposedly you get a
pretty good view of the other planets
from each other
whoa that'd be cool how about how about
Trappist
well not so much a new stars a new
discovery that the planets that are
there are planets earth-sized around it
and a bunch of them and it's relatively
closed and they're within the habitable
zone habitable zone the Trappist system
one of those earth sized planets that's
where I want to be if I get the safety
guarantee financing which were on the
spot with duty Cooper Landon really
where look up oh my god
splat let's that's where the safety
concern comes in yeah I'm guaranteed the
safety and I know splat is one of the
likely outcomes right I just want to see
it you just want to be around all those
shirtless dudes that was a fine joke and
you know it
that was a fine joke you know like
here's the real thing I just got done
with a pretty net nice battle like a
battle I was really happy with yep me
versus like a bunch of the the bigger
bad guys yes with the shields and in
order to progress I need to do this
puzzle and I just don't feel like it oh
yeah I'm done yeah but I'm just saying
like in talking about the puzzles as
opposed to the base building I just
don't feel like doing this right now I
want to go into the next battle or do
something battle orientated and I have
to do this puzzle what do you need to
get where oh no I like I can do the
puzzle it's not about like not like I'm
just saying jumping from battling to
block sliding puzzles is a hard shift
for me huh so yeah and I don't like it
I'm just I'm just expressing
so yeah like I need to put this block on
a green or blue to make this block go to
the red it's pretty easy I'm sure like
so like what do we need to do here like
green blue first Oh like green over here
blue over here then maybe this way
sticking on blue over here this way to
green this way down to blue this way
this way to blue this way to blue over
here then switch it back to green boom I
got it it's just tedious this is a
tedious puzzle I'll agree some of the
exploration stuff I'm not that I've done
too much of it I'm nowhere near as far
as you but it it's felt tedious well and
you know a lot of it was just extra like
oh if you do the puzzle you get a little
bonus thing this one is what you have to
I have to in order to proceed in the
level and I don't feel like it so
actually I'm gonna get a wait till I get
home and I can rise
this is good wait I mean green to be up
first
why do you get that stop huh
and see this is the other thing like
look at the shit I have to do just to
get to stop on the green I don't
understand how you're going to give to
the stop on the green
I don't think you are
you know in it maybe we get to stop in
the cream
what happens if I clicking on the blue a
minute
Oh push it forward
up over down over and then oh there yeah
you got it
that's so I have to do this little
puzzle before I can do the big puzzle
there so now I need to go turn on oh no
you don't push it up
there's no no no push straight well I'm
walking it out so you're there and go
here then you go up against that green
then you switch then you push it against
that blue switch again downs
I even switch again just make the blue
go down now
that's fair
still TVs sure oh great nope doesn't
work - oh yeah it's more complicated
while mario games are retarded that the
kid games man this guy's fine I'm not
that is interested in the you wanna
fight exploration stuff either
yeah the two things don't match that
well that's the that's the problem is
solving the puzzle has nothing to do
with fighting I guess we'll give it a
try I've been doing that off and on for
years and have always seen success lost
over 40 pounds mm-hmm me up for recipes
if needed
yeah no it's oh shit
look at this peach is coming in with the
bazooka
shit yeah fire magic yeah
peach yeah no you know what it worked
really successful successfully for me
last time and and it's already working
like I said I'm down 9 pounds already in
two weeks
cheat days back to being an amazing
holiday every single Saturday is like
Christmas which every single Saturday
right like I'm done I don't know how
he's gonna - oh wait you know what
what can Texaco of course course oh oh
so yeah look he has rockets yeah he's
got movement he's got white out and he's
got melee melee is is not that much but
he's these Katzen you probably don't
want to be the recipient right
true blue channel since I was one of
many unable to get twitch and I missed
most of the stream what do you think of
this name what do you think of the
revans awesome Mario vs. Donkey Kong
games Mario full voice actor okay and
sorry having played every Mario game in
existence
we're well do bubble although one throw
up a button but rich you forgot about
that one
rich
as far as where we think this game I
hadn't played much of it yet I'm liking
it so far yeah I'm liking it so far I
think it's I think it's really good I
don't know that it's gonna supplant XCOM
as a favorite but I do in general I have
not historically been a big fan of the
Rabbids seem cute to me
but I'm tolerating them
it's divide and conquer
it's a buddy mechanic here as much as we
can hunt it down
thank you
he's got a milos that fragile has cover
not necessarily worried about that

I'm not gonna be able to hit him for
anything that's like it light him on
fire
a little place where you try to do it
from behind
oh well that's it 46 damage that's
something
what
the duck is what Duchess it's a duck
it's a bad pun yeah
right
I'm like that cover but that'll give me
a nice rich got fucked up when Richie
got fucked up that's it
oh look you can oh this is like you can
lock on to peach you know to see her
area of movement yeah and then move the
camera that's nice okay what do you have
to walk on why
this is what okay boom shot this is this
is a boom shot needs and it doesn't have
a lot of roundish and to get I need to
get closer
dad clothes oh wait
a sliver
oh she's got a shotgun fuck yeah fuck
yeah
princess mainline Mario game without
once when you consider mainline Mario 64
yeah dog
exploding for each cover well how old
sin I'm just looking at my I'm seeing
you know cuz if you look and I don't
know if you can tell this for those
watching but if you look at his health
bar like here I got a 0% chance a hitman
0% chance hitting them but if I go right
here I got a 100% chance I am frozen I
so I don't even know if I can use my gun
but I was just pointing out to people
like now I can't hit him because I'd hit
a shield now I can hit him and so I was
calculating when I could hit him and you
see under his health bar that has 100%
oh okay and now if I go back to now it's
0% so like that's how you can tell if
you can hit him hit him with my first
level of Mario 64 has a ward what's
that's why I wanted to fine the world
but we're talking about pipes or are we
talking about something that will let
you skip a chunk over the game
to give a sacrificial lamb
what you big dummy look what you just
did you big dummy
dr. 75 using a duck the duck is
oh wait now am i a big dummy - can I
I can't use my knockout power because
obviously
anti-climatic so far it's been maybe
there's gonna be a second form but so
parts stay there dive-bombers whichever
way he turns someone's gonna shoot him
they're kind of good here yeah all right
I guess we're just hanging here
maybe there's a second floor
maybe they're expecting players to be
too dumb to split up behind easy I guess
I know I can hit him from here
that killer probably
oh that was just a shield okay all right
oh you know what that's fair
they're lots of questions is this boy
that's an important question I am I am
quite honestly nowhere near far none of
us to be given that kind of advice out I
will say I've kind of enjoyed what I've
played not necessarily any more than
XCOM which recently just got a fairly
major expansion so no I she's still in
that she's still in half covered here
she's don't half covered here I'm she
her shotgun has a very limited range
right now
weapon damage so I can get close to
weapon damage and my shotgun what does
that shield thing she has here is range
40%
we should still give me a favor from his
advance for their move
yes
oh no my cover's gone all the way
yeah damage reduction it is
by reviewing this game North insensitive
you since you a Nintendo doesn't allow
you to monetize it's a game we want to
talk about yeah but you know at the end
of the day and you know this is Ubisoft
so there's a possibility we'll be able
to monetize it know a small possibility
now we're getting into it
I've got some baddies to deal it
oh he was an overwatch no these guys
can't shoot they these guys only hit you
with blocks and you need to be more than
four tiles away that's all I care about
I got shoes big guy shoots and I didn't
realize he was freezing - if you could
still move and shoot that's a great
question that's a really great question
all right I do not know the answer to
that question
well one thing the music sounds great to
a lot of people watch at saying this
music is annoying well it's old been
listening to the same bit of music note
for wanna dirty is that a fair criticism
Jeff okay now all right
doesn't bother me I will frequently
listen to other videos and other things
while I play games I know it's so weird
yeah I know I should prep music that's
how compatible is what they intended Joe
it's what they intended
a good volume is rather loud oh you know
what I think it was it was turned up for
the lobby later earlier yeah all right
the cutscene yeah there you go that
should make it better let's make it you
know you're in full cover you'll be fine
or you won't be we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens
who you gonna attack what oh that's what
that is peach has a shotgun overwatch
very smooshes yeah yeah I wasn't far
enough away shit bye Mario oh oh that
hurt him - yes all according to plan
all according to plan rich oh you and
your accidental strats apparently you're
still fun yeah what he has a third phase
now aged criminy yeah I'm totally fucked
Andy with some of these dickheads
too many dickheads thank jack fucks up
straps on a baby again
yeah because this isn't a baby Gabe Big
Boss Man this is a big boss why do you
guys put music on your commentary I like
to watch the movie in the commentary at
the same time and the music is really
out of place to me ask Jay next time is
not a stream J or Mike
is this who you want to talk to about
that you put music on your commentary
tracks I have never noticed but
apparently I'm usually you know there
when we physically do them so there
would be nothing at it it's just us
talking that's why I would think it
would be it would be weird if you put
music to your commentary tracks because
you know the commentary tracks but I
know you're not worried about being on a
cover for those guys but the big guy
might have some kind of range attack
Jack he might but I needed to do that to
kill the one guy who was good about to
kill my Luigi so yeah that was that was
a desperation move
I'll see what kind of just summoned some
more enemies oh shit that was a health
and oh fucking fuck rich what happen oh
he just spawned a health or two to
health guys you know you gotta kill next
so yeah well first things first
what's the mate what's your most
immediate problem probably the health
guys not the big guy that is almost
about to smash you know I like he's not
super fast and I don't know if I could
beat him in this turn
oh all right you know Richard she's a
whore what I don't know you know
it's a whole lotta I don't know man most
immediate problem is being terrible at
this there we go
thank you plan your strats nope maybe
you don't know how I work
oMG Jack is doing so badly there we go
walk right up and shoot him in the face
with a shotgun just like peach would do
this game looks really tough jack
comments no it's you've gotten further
than I have I swear I have been in this
game it has been that tough yeah I know
and it's overall it's really not that
tough guys I'm in world one so no I
don't think I don't think it's a very
tough game overall obviously this is a
boss level and so it's gonna be a little
tougher button little bastards peach
needs to save Mario how where is that
they're on a team her teammate is down
get with the times
I won't be able to hit you from where I
am
those guys are grenade' guys these guys
right here
they're grenade es and my cover options
are not the greatest yeah pipe option
hello
I do too yeah I can do too could you go
on completely to the other side and
start attacking the big guy or you just
worry about the heels yeah I think I
need to take them out first but if I go
here I'm I'll probably be able to at
least kill one of them which would be
the important thing the important thing
is killing one of them why there are not
behind that one brick one that's oh it's
nice yeah - because I couldn't get to
the brick one okay not you
healy guys talking about that brick
let's park on the far right of the
screen good again I don't think I could
have gotten there they could have I
didn't see it Oh God
if it did I didn't see it if I crit I
can kill him no guarantee on that though
it's peach dumb no nice I quit
I got one no peaches not down peach
though it was really far away and and
this is as far as she can go and she has
a shotgun which has no range so she's
now gonna slowly make her way up great
see what happens let's see what happens
to this guy this little rascal that's
not so bad
that's not so bad that healing that's
the partner fucking peach catch-up
alright fuck you too mister how about
that which already commented about the
No More Heroes game right I watched it
on stream I had a big fat smile on my
fucking face
once you go back to the pipe again and
get on the other side of the wall I'm
sure it's a fight the way you came rich
I'm looking around all right I'm looking
around for upper options rich I know you
default to backseat gamer but I won't
say lunge I think I'll let you die I
will let you die see you like I think if
I go over here I might have a better
shot if I use the pipe to go over here
you know dig I could even get really far
away and go over here and then he won't
be able to get me with his grenade that
might be a good idea then I'm really
well I can always jump back that might
be a better idea
you're right rich has come a long way in
his backseat gaming when are we going to
hear about the scary fan encounter at a
later date when I don't have to fear for
my life yeah
shit you know what that's fine it's fine
fine
you're gonna die
all right we're doing good
we are officially doing good rich we are
officially in it to win it I could do
burn damage let's see if that doesn't he
burned it I mean he's ice so probably
not much did you like the episode of TNG
were data with Sherlock Holmes I don't
remember what should the - it was but
first time I kissed Karen was after one
of those two episodes not because of
that but Karen was so excited about data
being Sherlock Holmes she was over we're
just hanging out it was late at night
like and just watching stuff on TV yeah
we watched that episode of TNG then just
some time after that I said ah fuck it I
just leaned over her I kissed her she
didn't tell me to fuck off that's the
best times
Oh
last time you told us that story you
said it was shipping a bottle I thought
I said I wasn't exactly sure I think it
was shipping about him I think it was
ship in a bottle I am not a hundred
percent sure if I were a betting man I
would say it we're a ship in a bottle
it was one of the moriarty episodes
I am around a target I can't use my
damage protection because it only
protects other heroes not me so romantic
episode 2 I'd consider playing it for
hollow dicks yeah next Valentine's after
you told us that's how holodecks
Thursday nights the chat gets together
and they watch science fiction yeah
mostly start for him I think I think
they're running out of new Star Trek
though I'm sure yeah yeah sure it's been
happening long enough get some fire
damage on I were a betting man rich
doesn't gamble rich rich no rich just
knocks things over rich doesn't gamble
with anything he figures he can't afford
to lose that's that's fine
deploy XCOM one has to gamble 70% of a
shot a 70% chance of a shot rich 75%
yeah but you know it's all about
maximizing your odds though oh it's his
head you can jump on it i won oh my god
this is disturbing peach have to sit
come and save our ass that was great
pher 14 out of the 14 out of 10 turns
they read they say 10 is in the good 14
that's not bad
I'll take fair only lost one person all
the bronze oh yeah
well shit see this is the good part so
now I can have a team of just Mario
Luigi and Peach which is all I want in
the first place look at those guys well
sewn together let's do a hats
adorable you can up heave heavy rabid
statues okay okay so now we can do that
great you got the new artificial barrier
removed yep that's not an actual that's
not a real power we can't use it
anywhere else except for in the
artificial barrier may as well just be
fucking keys or just gates that open
after you beat a boss absolutely all
right let me get my head let me get my
dream team here dupa dance rabid are we
done or did you want to start a mission
with three wait why can't I be peach
take Luigi off
are you seeing this shit did you fuck
they won't they force you to choose at
least one rabid peach the rabbits are
stupid this game is getting the worst
review I've ever given of a game I
promise you for that alone let me
fucking be Mario Luigi and Peach
I worked hard what the dream was dead
god dammit dream is dead fuck you
probably for story reasons jack they can
show up in the cutscenes god god bless
it
yeah it's get me out of town
can't write out of town oh darn it
this deal is getting worse all the time
ah dumbass Rabbids this is actually a
deal breaker for me
shit have a goblin I did I don't like
rabbits I think they're dumb they're
fine and I was really excited you know
you know you know why I was excited
because like that would have hearkened
back to old school like Super Mario RPG
like the game the gang out and out and
about in the world that's you know not
quite there's a little bit different
little Mario Luigi all-stars great let's
let's not let's do something else now
let's where are you where are you well
do you have the TV remote Oh switch it
over to that comp you traitor
that's a good suggestion mad trap strats
thanks movie dicks for sending the the
oh that's great mad trap strats you guys
are great sending me suggestions for
emotes I love mad trap strats that's
gonna happen alright alright now that
everyone's night is ruined
every single person not just mine every
single person's night is part of the
stream I know for some of you you've
only been here for an hour or so but
that was the time of this stream in
which we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Kay's 87 for thirty three
fucking months in a row Kay's 87 says it
says welp 33 months I last 1984 slash s
4:20
seven fucking months in a row cinnamon
for 14 months in a row says always
pleased to give my sub money to support
the hack fraud or event is previously
recorded keep up the good work
sledgehammer for 36 motherfucking months
in a row whoo yeah jennife n't oh wait
off the rag captain Zorro modem says
nine months in and I finally realized
why kids love the taste of cinnamon
toast crunch
we what we like splurgle on kool-aid man
for 35 fuckin months in a row says rich
Evans versus alien actually happened how
many rich Evans would it take to beat a
xenomorph armament is a question assume
you have none I've no idea if you draw
how strong is a xenomorph so here's a
claim very right no maybe human strength
how about how about I give you two more
answers that completely contradict each
other yeah he said here's what you have
rich yeah you are in a spaceship with
one single xenomorph you have no
equipment except for a cloning bay that
will make an exact duplicate of you
including the clothes you are wearing
which is just this yeah how many would
it take you have all all the power in
the ship to make as many clones as you
want knowing that you'll probably have
to kill all those clones once the job is
done
well let's see no weapons no you have no
I mean you have stuff around the ship so
maybe you have some wrenches I'm
wondering no guns like with the acid how
many how many of my bones would I need
to fashion some kind of appropriate
weapon so you're thinking of cloning
yourself just to strip yourself I love
it you know I could I could you know
some attest ins wrapped around like a
skull I could swing that around okay I
don't know if that would do much damage
but you know like like your leg bones
you could sharpen yeah yeah all right
I'm with you yeah this would be a
lengthy process so what you're saying is
probably more than 50 see you know I
would think with just 50 of you you just
jump on it right like a party just
razzle it and just get into a headlock
like one of you gets to a headlock the
other like jump on each of its forgive
me would have a hard time all grabbing
it at the same time sure so I don't
think I can get fifty of me to hold it
down you need like ten well-armored as
well I would I would need to continually
just start trying to get it to choke on
myself and hopefully a veil eventually
suffocate the alien just just a wall is
rich ever Devin's flesh against the
xenomorph I love it it's too fat it
can't move we take some of the bones and
a lying around sharpen them and then we
just started stabbing it well it's just
too corpulent to do anything all right I
like it that's a great strategy rich
Evans has the tactics people the tactics
all right where were we we were
you know we were at dyg loci for 29
fucking months in a row and he says
thanks tomorrow
trow dhanoa 3:11 Opaka deathtrap says
i'll paka paka
I'll Park payback lizard is the Opaka
district there go do the death I can't
even says my fiance and I recently went
camping
she always freaks out about a murderer
hiding in the woods I told her not to
worry
I brought a pocket knife that's good you
know I've lived in many places in my
life I've moved a lot I've moved in many
houses and I live in the city currently
you know like close enough to the city
and the thing that for the place I lived
in that freaks me out more than any
other place was we lived in this this we
rented a house this was before we were
married and it was out like we're the
suburbs meet the country and our closest
neighbor was maybe a five minute walk
away yeah and every night it was just
too quiet like that's where the
murderers come from not in the city it's
it's when it's everything's quiet Lex
Disick mister ricks the off switch for
20 fucking months in a row and the off
switch says thanks for explaining what
agnosticism is a lot of people are
ignorant about what RIT about but rich
what is your favorite season of mash I
don't have one I saw a decent amount of
mash growing up because he used to play
it on reruns all the goddamn time
oh no and it's a blur it's a blur mash
yeah yeah up until who left mash
number of people in a number of
different points the show is on for
literally over a decade know one of the
main guys right like several times oh
yeah
several times shit and there you go
there you go Frank Burns I think that
was it the other he was the other doctor
right yeah and then Hawkeye is one of
Hawkeye's friends I forgot what his name
was the sidekick but the other main
character the one of them left the guy
in charge left right Burns replaced him
yeah I was but I mean it was on forever
Jamie Farr wasn't on the whole time he
showed up at some point and started to
start with Jamie Farr trapper trapper
the father father Mulligan everyone left
at some point everyone except for a
fella although because he had something
to say where are we we are at hold all
that Hot Lips swag manka sang of the
axes says half a year of arguing about
Star Trek here's to another six months
ha ha Darkwing schmuck who says as a
long time XCOM fan since the 93 original
as well as a switch owner looking for a
solid thing to play on it a solid thing
to play on it not named Zelda or bashful
master does Mario XCOM seem worth it so
far so far I'm going with a yes it's
yeah it's fun you I mean you saw it it's
it's fun it's simple tactics it's but
it's not got the depth of the Evan X
comma right and I will say though like
they do have challenge maps you can go
back to the world that you just beat and
they have special challenge maps that it
has content whether it's totally worth
it you know we gain we have a lot more
to play
yeah uncle of Liza's who among the
Damned will follow me to Babylon I don't
know maybe your nephew your nephew lies
we'll follow you and our keep oniy poor
Mogo says thanks guys for all the joy
you've shared over the years nowadays I
can't imagine every Wednesday night
ending in a tums festival is that you
never IRA a soul true blue channel says
glad to see that if I get this game I'll
still have those rabid shoved down my
goddamn throat no matter what jesus
fucking christ could you imagine could
you imagine an ex come in which like you
couldn't choose a couple of your team
members you know what they call that
what hard West oh shit dog can't take
Mario off the squad either shit are you
right right so hard West it's hard West
fuck and call your mother's thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's really true we do
I was just seeing if the chat had any
joke no joke
