Dec 20, 2017
Okami
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/211300206
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/211304199
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/211305472
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT4a5Wi2OvU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXaqxSezKA0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ctMyMF6frs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/943592036741021697

[Part I]
hey hey we're going how's everyone doing
today hi everybody we we made it we made
it on time well I have it's true we are
live now and and Jack is playing dogs
although I'm playing I'm playing wolf
Zelda Okami is the wolf it is I been
playing this game and I told rich to
play this game and he didn't play it and
so and I said well rich we gotta we
gotta play this game so that can be the
next episode and then rich said how do
you like it I said oh I don't you goes
that let's not do it as an episode then
because this is a beloved classic
yeah and I I know you don't like it but
don't like it it's gonna come off like
we're just contrary and pricks hating it
for the sake of attention yeah but I
don't like it
I know then what's the point of hating a
game that's that's like 10 years old
it just came out it's something to talk
about it's an episode it's something to
do and it we didn't we didn't Sonic we
hated that and and it's a very top
viewed episode a top viewed I'll play it
over the break and then we'll see we'll
see how I'm feeling what's the old
villain well there you go
well there you go oh hey hey everybody
welcome well it's not clickbait if we
give an honest review of a game just cuz
we don't like it just because we don't
like it doesn't make it clickbait
oh my god wants the Star Wars Star Wars
the game game the movie the movie just
came out yeah the Star Wars just came
out rich and I will the last thing I
want to do is to talk about Star Wars
for hours and hours here's here's here's
my my deal for everyone here rich and I
will talk about Star Wars but later give
it a little bit make sure there's no
spoilers for people who still haven't
seen it maybe we'll do it later just one
of those things where we want it we want
it we do want to be respectful to those
people who oh yeah we want to be
respectful to those people who have not
seen it yet so we're gonna wait so we're
gonna wait a little bit all right so
what's going on did you start a new game
or you know continuing your I'm
continuing my old game I'm about 10
hours in and currently not like them
what what don't you like mostly the
absurd amount of cutscenes and dialogue
okay this game stops near constantly to
tell you about the things you're about
to do or currently doing or the things
you're about to do again for some reason
yeah and some of it's pretty decent the
game like this you know this is pretty
fun we got it
you fight the thing draw a little circle
around it but overall I find I find the
whole ordeal to be tedious
so overall I do not like it but you know
you run around as a dog that's nice
use mega punch i am i am using mega
punch linens when I said the first order
should build dams yeah a little bit
jokey like obviously I don't think the
third movie should be about the first
order building dams you don't right
that's not any kind of spoiler nobody in
the last Jedi talks about making dams
now that is a spoiler because someone
you know someone thought they did
talking all the talking
what was I gonna do go around so yeah
there's a lot of talking it's it's uh
there are some fun bits but not enough
not enough to justify the amount of talk
so yeah well we'll get to we'll talk
about the Star Wars just later guys just
later
we're gonna play some Okami look at this
I'm a wolf running when I run there's
grass behind me look at that look at
that it's great you know wow this looks
beautiful
it does look beautiful that's true I
remember when cell shading was all the
rage yeah I kind of miss it I gotten on
the gun cel-shading it's a nice look
it's probably you know come and do for a
comeback
do people still do cell shading I'm sure
it's happened every now and then I don't
really remember when the last time I saw
it was sure was the last what was the
last major thing that was so shaded
that's a great question the into the
spider-verse looks like it's cel-shaded
movie
speaking of cell shading I'm liking that
it's that there you go
yeah we're into Waker that's that's not
a game the Wind Waker is a great game
yeah but before this those were on the
same time right so I'm talking about
recent of the Transformers game yeah
okay they did the Transformers game and
the Ninja Turtles one those were
cel-shaded oh yeah
Platinum
did I put water on neck up keeping
breath of the while associated no no
that's cell shit yeah I'm gonna say nah
and it's not straight up realism but
right I don't think I would call that
cell shading but looking cartoony is not
the same thing as being cell shaded
right
why don't you build a PC on YouTube from
3 years ago today it was fascinating are
you still using that PC well we're
playing on right now while you're
playing on playstation 4 it's what we're
streaming through right now but yeah we
what's what we use when we stream yeah
it's a great little PC I tell you what
great little PC game has the best art
design in your opinion I I don't know
there's a best yeah that's it that's a
big that's a that's a tall order right
right
though so got them from blanks on names
I should know all the time yeah not
doing fears I don't think it's all
sideways I think it's just my brain this
is so you gotta remember a whole lot all
the time
there's a lot going on that the Dark
Souls blood-borne people oh yeah from
stuff from thank you yeah yeah they know
their games always look nice there's
some nice art designers well yeah and
good art direction and our direction
yeah directors agreed agreed
so this is Susanoo and he is a kind of a
wannabe warrior and we help him all the
time where he thinks he's super strong
and powerful but it's really nice doing
her - magic defeating a bad guys but he
is supposedly the ancestor of a guy who
helped us to feed the ancient evil 100
years ago ok that's true that's where we
are in the story so we just help them
out we use our magical brush to make it
look like he defeats all the monsters
even though it's us that's great jack I
mean that's great feel great about it
this is so Japanese yes yes very
Japanese and you know what I actually
speaking of just good art direction like
this has a lot of really neat looking
monsters this has a lot of cool art to
it unfortunately all of that is rendered
is is rendered completely in the
background because of soon is I want to
say how you pronounce his name okay who
is your Navi in this and if you thought
Navi was a piece of shit you haven't met
'soon yet who will annoy you without
without pause for all the time how he's
gonna be hard to top yes
Navi is hard to top hey listen hey
listen wait sway listen yeah hey listen
huh huh hey listen be soon is worsen
yeah hey listen mm-hmm hey listen listen
yeah I'm sorry I said it slightly
differently which isn't what Navi does
hey listen hey listen yeah soon as worse
soon is significantly worse
because he does that every time he talks
and he talks so much Phi is the worst
she's irritating I don't think she's as
bad as nabhi who the sword from Skyward
Sword I've blocked most bad neither can
be worth any soon for links companions I
think Minda me takes the cake
Midna but nah maybe yeah what do you
mean like the best absolutely yeah I
loved midnight I absolutely love
midnight
agreed
I don't remember this game having banjo
kazooie style dialog it's it gets
annoying real fast
Nick I picked I popped it up that stick
that tip top top top the top stick to be
pop off a top-up plop out that time tip
tip top that's what we got to deal with
sit up off her foot
that's why I'm looking for dogs
another a second Okami
there's a 3d s okami there's okami den
which is the 3d s okami which I did
actually I do have and I started to play
too you know thinking we were gonna do
the review and I was like oh you know
what I'll play this one because maybe
using the brush technique maybe they
they have a new spin on it because the
3d you know the D s has the the touchpad
sits like oh maybe you use all brush
techniques or more like that but no it's
the exact same thing just on a DS which
means eight times the loading screens
and the same amount of annoying bullshit
I'm sorry
so how do you do the drawing I will show
you when we get there but for at first
as you see we just got done with a big
dialogue scene yeah we talked to people
and I walked over this and we have
another dialogue scene to go through
with these people
because they don't want you to play the
game they want you to listen to all the
about the about I know that's thing I
know that you think I might annoy me
depending upon exactly how often just
reiterate I don't think games should
have no stories fun story isn't what I
show up for in the first place right
right
one enough to give me context and to get
me invested yep and then give me some
gameplay yeah that's fine okay so at
anytime you press r1 then you go you get
into this area and then you know you can
draw and you get certain shapes that do
stuff yeah so like you know for this one
the mini game here is I have to catch a
fish so you draw a line to the fish and
that's it like that's this mini game and
the version of the DS Lite you do that
on the bottom of yeah it does it does
but I thought it would do it maybe more
maybe be a little different okay there
we go like one one slice across is a
slash you can draw a little bomb to blow
stuff up you learn different techniques
and so instead of like instead of like
finding the bombs so you can use them
in Zelda you learn the bomb technology
the bomb brush technique is how it works
in okay
and so I know how to do the slash I know
how to do a bomb I can now I got like a
grappling hook thing oh there it is
there's the whopper bad damn sure
oh shit right well you can draw lily
pads which I did finger me
Chaman I think he swallowed a dog
and this is the whopper gotta capture
him to get a dog cuz I have to collect
orbs from dogs because of the mission
I'm not it's all motion it incidentally
everything about this game is bullshit
incidentally this this isn't this isn't
spiral Star Wars spoilers or even really
talk okay but the other day like after I
saw the last Jedi unrelated I say and
then something else was doing some else
I'm just trimming a tree
okay trimming a Christmas tree and I had
Netflix on it I turned on guardians of
the galaxy - oh okay guardians of the
galaxy - is so much fucking better than
the last Jedi so much better I don't
much care for guardians of the galaxy
going to ah it had some good moments to
it
guardians of the galaxy vol 2 but I
think and I've also only seen both once
at this point in my life yeah guardians
and the last Jedi so I don't know if I
can make that determination but no I had
I had more problems with guardians than
I did last Jedi teacher on yet and this
doesn't bother me
we can disagree out we just disagree on
this exactly
might take ya might take if somebody if
somebody wants like a well how did you
feel about this well that's that's the
bar of course yeah
so much better cuz like the last gen I
was still fresh in my mind yeah when I
was watching the guardians the galaxy -
it was like sure oh I'm enjoying myself
good
it's Ritchie you a fan of anything well
obviously I like guardian of the galaxy
buddy do like because I don't like Star
Wars doesn't mean I can't like anything
else you understand that that's exactly
what it was if you don't like Star Wars
I mean like I know you man you don't
like anything because you don't like
Star
all right sound of mousetrap says dad's
omicron strap do you think mullah ram
spelling Temple of Doom was only hearts
or could he pull out any organ he wanted
could he pull out a flaming appendix for
example I I saw that as some kind of
hallucination or hypnosis cuz didn't
they do a thing where you could see
there really wasn't anything in his hand
all around from Temple of Doom I'm
trying to remember know his heart in his
hand right when when did they do like he
had the heart the hand they cut to a
different angle there wasn't anything
there if I remember right it's been a
while since I saw that I guess I
remember there being a strong
implication though that he wasn't really
ripping anybody's heart out I don't
remember that
ok I'll be honest with you you did that
well he Scott did me obviously she
didn't die and he went to rip her heart
out but he didn't okay it stopped from
ripping her heart out I remember then
the guy whose heart he did rip out like
he went into the fire in his hand then
was on fire it's been a very long time
since I have seen temple of dawn I need
to re-watch it yeah I'm gonna say the
the it was real okay
but it only works with the heart okay
that's the I'm and I have no
justification for that I'm just saying I
for whatever reason mmm
I was under the impression that it was
an illusion of some sort so interesting
interesting
difficulty put a couple people in
conjunction with your perilous journey
yeah do you think there's a difference
between humor and comedy what a
wonderfully semantic question right
humor and comedy sir I find that the
force wagon slashed the last Jedi we're
full of comedy or as the original
trilogy's laughs came from the humor
with c-3po and r2d2 being the only
community care I don't know that there
is a difference between humor and comedy
that's like yeah you might be talking
potato potato my friend right Shiva that
doesn't land there's using humor
inappropriately yeah like and you know I
think there could be an argument I think
most maybe not all but most of the humor
and the last Jedi was inappropriate and
I think an argument could be made for
that I didn't mind it the the humor
slash comedy in that but I think in art
that there's an argument for that rich
you have some like green schmutz on your
eyebrow now it's on your forehead it's
like right there it's like a sweater
sweater lips yeah I keep looking over
you know you got it yeah of some sort
now I can make him now I can make a move
great
Schwartz Schwartz is a thing
what are those yellow coffee beans
around your neck ah that's a great
question
as soon as as soon as I get out of here
I I will tell you what they are but I
gotta get out of this I have to get out
of this unending dialog this so haha
there's so much dye oh now I gotta fight
this dog it's my weapon you get to you
you have different weapons that you can
choose in this game you if you know like
there's that one that looks like a like
a stone plates with fire around it
that's that's the starter weapon this
one is like a bullwhip yeah and so I
like it cuz it seems to work but as soon
as uh yeah I'm gonna have to get into a
fight with this dog real quick and maybe
I can show it off so like this one
yeah I know
fighting the dog fighting the dog I said
this one does this where he just kind of
like hits him over and over and over
again through these small damage yeah
oh yeah
so this is the one that like that's on
the cover right and just kind of like
slash it's like a four dish but then you
can also do that use your celestial
brush can you upgrade that or just gonna
be obsolete by the end of the game no no
yeah each each weapon has like a single
upgrade thing and you also have a
secondary weapon I have a shield but
rich wasn't going to play anymore JRPGs
what I'm not playing this for one this
isn't like a Squaresoft game this is
like a Zelda kind of thing
that worked out pretty well I remember
now I didn't like this game back in the
day yeah there's a lot of talkie-talkie
in between the the decent bits I'm 10
hours into the game and I've only
completed one dungeon yeah and I'm just
unsure if there are any more judgments
like I've had one boss battle in ten
hours
and everyone in the chat by the way rich
and I are not doing we will we're not
doing it a lot of Star Wars talk no
spoilers in the chat please some people
still might not have seen it be cool we
will tell you we'll go full spoiler
later later we'll go full spoiler so
please save all spoiler talk try to be
cool with the Star Wars talk
for those who haven't seen it yet it's
it's only been out a week not even a
week it's only been out half a week well
this is twitch year to remember clips I
have no idea you have something on
twitches year in Clips you somebody sent
a link apparently this is what's up
there I can't hear what we're saying but
it looks like we are playing Warhammer
40k Space Marine okay it's pretty good
thirty can I figure which K it is forty
okay
okay I don't know what we're saying I
don't know why that's on there this is
this neat I guess did they use it in an
official thing I have no idea I'm
literally the first time hearing about
this or was that just our most clipped
clip that could be that could be just
our most everyone everyone's most viewed
clip get that title maybe sure
okay I know it has to do wait I know
what I have to do now I think
great off we go
no I don't wanna
what am I talking about somebody
somebody in the chat put a link up there
have you seen your witch year-in-review
clip
burnt up Cabbage Patch says Happy
Holidays you hacks holidays Christmas
best of the worst shoe I don't know how
soon there's a decent chance it'll be
late there for reasons but there will be
one I don't think it's a spoiler we
usually do one every damn year or so
there's it's very likely that there will
be one this year right maybe this year
right yeah hopefully this year
wait this is a Japanese Zelda where you
play as a talking dog well to be fair
all of the Zelda's are Japanese Zelda's
I mean first of all yeah get it together
secondly no you do not play as a talking
dog you have a little bug that talks for
you you do not talk you are just a you
are our wolf so what what are these
Zelda like elements so you got your open
world-ish a lot of games of open worlds
Jack yeah
you have much like Zelda as you progress
through the game you get new things that
open up new areas you know there are you
I recently got the I recently got the
basically the grapple hook update where
one of the done out there go where one
of the dungeons that that I went to let
me do this loop taught me how to grapple
hook and so you know there now you have
to defeat the enemy oh you have to
defeat the enemy using the grapple hook
that kind of stuff
slightly upgrading your gear dungeons
one dungeon so far okay so it's it it's
fairly zelda-esque zelda-esque would you
say its zelda-esque in the way that
Mortal Kombat is Street Fighter esque or
is it or is it more megaman is a
platformer much in the same way that
mario is a platformer no it's more
mortal kombat ii street fighters okay
they're very very similar yes they are
exceedingly similar they are more
similar than they are dissonant
what was the deal with Fandango exactly
what we said we ordered tickets and then
we go to the theater put the card in
print out the tickets and nothing
I don't know how Fandango and there was
you know how does Fandango work I he
just go to the website and buy movie
tickets for the movie okay and we did it
like months in advance sure of the last
Jedi and it wasn't showing that we had
bought tickets because I've heard other
people complaining about Fandango with
that happening to them but usually it's
not a big deal than you just buy tickets
when you're there but of course for Star
Wars we wasn't a money back thing I
believe we just ended up getting other
tickets I don't I don't know what else
was involved with compensation if
anything I don't know but basically it
delayed us seeing the movie for two or
three days
any advice on receding hairline deal
with it I obviously don't have any
advice keep your hair short or in Jack's
case keeping her not at all really short
short or really short yeah I mean you
had you have to remember just because
your hairline is receding or you are
full-on balding that is no excuse not to
properly groom your hair like keep it
cut well and make it look good
find the look that works for you but
balding hair looks better shorter yeah
absolutely
and yeah don't don't grow a comb-over
that never looks good
never
comb-overs never look good everyone
knows everyone knows and they feel sorry
for you or go danny davito and be funny
yep keep in mind he is not famous for
being handsome he played the penguin for
a reason because he's a good actor
that's all so he kind of looks like a
monster
why was Star Wars marketing so good that
there were so many people lined up an
opening weekend because as far as I know
nobody expected it to do well but who's
everybody you know everyone you know
sounds like a big dummy oh yeah that
Star Wars franchise that's going nowhere
fast
well it is but that's besides the point
hey no it's doing like it's at you know
almost 600 million already worldwide
it's gonna it's gonna be doing fine man
it's gonna do fine
the Star Wars Star Wars and Star Wars
well if you want to print money with
Star Wars you know does it doesn't it
absolutely does not matter what the
content is as long as it's got that Star
Wars logo on it uh-huh
rogue one made money the prequels the
prequels more shockingly pound-for-pound
relative to their budget the worst
movies ever made
yeah highly profitable yep not a Star
Wars logo on there you go
there's a significant amount
backtracking I came here like three
hours ago but then I had to like go all
the way back through the map almost to
the beginning mm-hmm
just so I could come back here with like
like Star Wars is a nice nice feather in
its pocket with bonus a perk from here
on out from here on out like like pretty
much know almost no matter how bad the
movie is like you can always say it was
you know what it was better than the
prequels what do you say feather in your
pocket like yeah there is it probably
it's erm for southern you cap
I think it's feather in your cap sure
sure that's that feather they have in
their cap no matter however bad the
movie is wasn't as bad as everyone is as
prequels you know but no it's Star Wars
is now forever graded on a curve is what
the expectations for a Star Wars movies
were dropped so low that that we now
exam no well no that's a double-edged
sword because the original movies were
so good yeah that's how bad the prequel
every everything else that comes out
with Star Wars in the title is gonna be
seen as mediocre cuz if you know as good
as Empire or the original but you know
what a lot better those prequels whoa
boy haha what is this bad is that
nowhere near as good as Empire though or
a new hope forever forever so Star Wars
is doomed mediocrity whoo
you want to just crack the code right
yeah you might have just cracked the
code
okay so this so I mean this is my second
dungeon and it seems to be this is the
wind dungeon we're gonna learn a wind
move here it's gonna be great
favor customer I don't know if I'd put
last gen I have both the original
trilogy I liked it I think I think the
last Jedi with this new trilogy with the
you know coming after the force awakens
I I think it works well with the new
trilogy IP it might be better than
return but best/worst
Empire a new hope
the force awakens return to the Jedi
here it is the moment of truth
he's only got two laughs the last Jedi
robe one okay The Phantom Menace Revenge
of the Sith attack of the clones Thanks
you know I I'm glad that you put the
last chat at least above rogue one you
know I can we can we can be like I said
I said in the review the last is
pratically good this parts of it that
are interesting and the good girl and
then they don't and and then there's
something stupid episode 1 over 3 yes
yes look one one has terrible characters
and it's a horrible film but out of all
of the prequels The Phantom Menace comes
the closest to telling a coherent story
those are just the prequels The Phantom
Menace Revenge of the Sith Attack of the
Clones the absolute worst movie ever
made relative to its budget obviously
it's not as bad as things right from
feeders but those movies you expect to
be shit because they had a budget of 100
bucks right no that's a good modifier
and I agree with you like it took two
hundred million dollars to make attack
of the clones it's so bad
rich what about the jar the jar is the
only character in the movie who had a
proper character arch and he's a
terrible character I'm just saying the
Jar Jar
no the jar they called him the jar rich
what about the jar I think they're
talking about the movie the jar the
worst film relatives oh I thought
they're saying like Phantom Menace would
be the worst because it's opposed it
most prominently features Jar Jar
they're just referring to him as the jar
oh can we refer to him always as the jar
from now the jar once again did not have
a budget of 200 million dollars I'm
saying relative to its budget Attack of
the Clones is the worst movie ever made
if they spent two hundred million
dollars making the jar Hank's still not
worse than Attack of the Clones it's
still not worse than Attack of the
Clones even if they spent 200 million
dollars and you got the exact same thing
we saw on the jar like it still looks
the same
yeah it's so better than attack of the
clones which is just god-awful so
atrociously god-awful
still not as bad as things
Wow yeah oh yeah things that's a whole
nother world this Attack of the Clones
worse than transformer movies yes yes so
much worse and the transformer movies
are bad attack of the clones is
worthless it's completely utterly
worthless
transformers is way worse than the Star
Wars burger no no tray I mean
transformers are a certifiable hot and
man yes of movies nobody's denying that
but no they are not they are not worse
than the Star Wars prequels let's let's
just you know what's like cooler heads
prevail here and remember that the Star
Wars prequels are exceptionally special
as episode 2 the worst love story ever
told if if you can even call it a love
story it's so uncomplicated what's not
chicken since you can't find anyone to
watch the room with mister next time you
do a solo stream you should put it on
and watch it with the chap Oh
interesting
seeing your initial reactions on stream
would be neat you know it's going it's
coming - it's getting a theatrical
release yeah the room because of the
success of the disaster artist it is
they're they're releasing it in major
theaters the room the original room yeah
I think that's cute that's adorable
what do I think of Howard the Duck I
shall like it as a kid I like the big my
like the big monster at the end a big
crab monster I don't I remember having
fond memories of watching it I can't
remember much about it but the tonic
only shoots out of his claw hand he
reels back in don't remember then just
remember the duck I remember them going
to like the punk rock show that's about
it
colonel rich now we're not really
talking about Star Wars a ton yet and
he's he's a horrible person in reality
but Jeffrey Jeffrey Jones what's his
name
oh that one he's really good and Howard
the dark the principal in Ferris pew
yeah terrible human being who got caught
with with what was it child don't don't
want to talk about it terrible human
being so he does a good job in Howard
the bag
oh god it's Navi all over again oh he's
way worse than Navi he talks constantly
he talks constantly and he's the worst
he soon is the worst
yeah if you I don't know I don't know
they probably don't get into that in the
disaster artist movie but the disaster
artist books the book
bollocks singular the book yeah without
explicitly saying it drops pretty heavy
implications on where Tommy is from and
how he got his money oh yeah yeah what's
what's the he doesn't say it's tummy but
he starts going into story about some
hypothetical person who may have done
this room at and came from here there
uh-huh
it's probably done just some time he
didn't get pissed at him I don't know
okay she's so weird and secretive where
did you get his money from what do they
say or what is this hypothetical man
from Soviet bloc ended up in France for
a bit and that's why his accent is so
weird it's like a blend of like French
or okay Polish Russian like like behind
the Iron Curtain
okay might have any whole one but sure
sure makes a little bit of French then
he came to some kind of relative in the
States
he sold toys then ended up making money
of that the fashions someone clothes or
something really yeah interesting toys
and and clothes toys and fashion
I'm convinced the room was just a
money-laundering scheme never no
knockoff jeans I might have an I don't I
don't I don't remember I love it I would
love that even more like like
high-output knock-off designer clothing
that would be so tommy wiseau right it's
been a couple years since I read the
book so I don't rubber the details but
I love that idea I love it let's hope
it's true
what was he like to me I was like
meeting anybody at a convention his line
to see him would just go up and you have
your brief moment or two not like I
can't I can't say we had a conversation
he signed my thing we would tried to get
him to say something something George
Lucas no you tried to get me to say
you're tearing me apart George Lucas he
wouldn't do it
that's not all there was to it right
it's not like you had you had a meal
with him right right right
and stop talking he soon
yes I know I can use my wind on my fire
your about yeah and now you're gonna
tell me I can use my window in the fire
well I can use my win on the fire
I ain't misbehavin says hey check and
rich hi taint I wanted to give you this
special holiday tip earlier this week
but it was too busy doing my thing
during Hanukkah oh you guys Shalom hope
you know what I am
hope you guys everyone at Harlem have a
wonderful holiday doesn't look I am mean
like to your health I don't know I think
that's a toast
I have I have no idea so you say look I
am and it's like to your health in good
health if I if I know my Yiddish rich
and I don't it means to life
we're live up look I am
okay great
well it all looks very pretty it looks
very pretty rich yeah oh my god and the
game is now we're gonna tell us how
pretty it looks by me stopping us from
the game so we can talk to us some more
brush technique good whatta be less
horrible of the ninja shit like that
with a voiceover well you were already
you know still playing the game uh you
know it then at least like I wouldn't
have to say that it stops you so much is
the problem is the game just stops yep
you can't move for two seconds so it can
tell you some something over and over
and over so at least like you know
thinking of something like horizon zero
dawn mmm-hmm and you would constantly
have either a lloyd talking to herself
or someone talking in your ear but you
were still moving you were still the one
like in control so yes that would be
slightly better
and for every one of these things you
get it stops the game it just all it's
just constantly constantly stopping
I have no idea subject prefers Naughty
Dog's approach to game narrative overall
commies game okay can't I'd prefer
neither is that is that a thing I could
prefer cuz I do I prefer neither
what I remember from the last of us that
dialogue was basically a cutscene it
wasn't you're playing the game and
people were talking it was you're
standing in the room while the people
are having a conversation but
technically you walk around the room but
nothing else interesting is going on
right it's a cut scene without cinematic
work and so I think there there's a
there's a third option here there's not
just the two options the third option is
you can still do stuff and play the game
while someone talks
dammit it's a nice ball turn dammit
let's see what's up there you got being
shot to Okami your name's not Okami in
case you thought it was its
okay
son of a bitch
I think that's where I have to go which
is what's really upsetting about it
that fucking brush music yeah over and
over again he turn off like you could
probably turn music off in this game
right yeah yeah lucky jack I bet you
missed that one I'm gonna wait
great
did I not even have to come over here
all that was for that stupid Treasury
all right you got the stupid treasurer I
got stupid treasurer so there we go
there we go so we got that going for us
we got the stupid treasurer
okey-dokey
that's the way to go Jack you haven't
wait and I have to go back wait what
that was the way to go I needed I didn't
need to be up there gosh dang it
I don't that's not true
I never get those treasures somewhere
you can move the water that's what I
have a putting it on the ground next to
there's a put a container thing it has
to go in I need to go back this way stop
messing with shit
they're messing with me rich they're
messing with me I came through those big
doors
so now it's time to leave I think we'll
find out the lady out here will tell us
right hey where you going for ball oh
shit
I slice otter underwater chest and the
treasure floats up oh yeah look at that
that's deep I know yeah yeah well I got
another one
great all right is this ps4 yes Jack is
playing on a ps4 I am playing on a ps4
hey yo
but Okami is also out on the PC I just
got it for the ps4 yeah cuz why nots you
know dust off the old ps4 every once in
a while it's just sittin there
maybe the chat asked earlier for like I
feel like playing blood-borne again or
something like that and I'd played
blood-borne more often and if I didn't
have to like hook the PlayStation 4 up
for it okay I got the urge but I don't
feel like hooking it up I know something
else act it's like it's literally the
only reason I have to own a PlayStation
4 is blood-borne ah sure you know every
once in a while like something like this
I'll get it for the ps4 only so I have
something to play on the ps4 like only
to justify its existence and the way my
my TV setup goes I have like the ps4
hooked up to an HDMI switcher with my
computer and my switch yep and so like
for me like turning on the motherfucker
for me turning on the ps4 and running it
is pretty simple that's it's already all
hooked up you know why not leave it
hooked up there other things I wanted to
hook up in the limited number of HDMI
inputs I had that's true yeah you got to
make choices
I got the switch hooked up I got the way
you hooked up I was gonna play when I
was a plan on that's doing something
that we you it was only other way you
remember what the Frick it was man
I got ya my little raspberry pie hooked
up
and then I got the computer going into
the TV - so you have three HDMI in yeah
and does your TV only have three HDMI
inputs yeah what Scott like it's got its
got like four things okay I have four
hooked up to it so yeah oh that's right
you had wheat the Wii U the switch yeah
the Raspberry Pi on your computer yeah
sure and so then in the your only other
option would be to hook up a separate
HDMI splitter into one of your HDMI yeah
yeah cuz I get a look at the cords not
hung up - so I don't think of funny in
it's not worth the the mild
inconvenience I say it's about Athena
sure sure others feel like there's
probably a workaround but like you said
there's only the one game right exactly
exactly
been on the fence about buying or as
berry pie isn't worth it well somebody's
always wanted to do a little tiny tiny
thing tiny company in its best case
and there's nothing I do with it that I
couldn't just do from the computer we're
just our when you hooked up that's true
but I have the Raspberry Pi no girl is
like testing it oh yeah I need a bit
hold on yeah
let's running on the Raspberry Pi
retropie
there's a 360 controller with no I
bought I don't know what the damn things
called but it's done in the style of
like a old NES controller oh you know I
have one of those the the and they have
one like for the SNES - yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah those are great Bluetooth
controller I still got the two analog
sticks on it it's it's more rounded
shape so it's not that this harsh edges
and it's got you know the shoulder
things yeah so you know you can use it
to play modern games but that's not what
I'm going to end up using it for
and their Wireless which is nice
lay f13 you hacks the first part of
single-player just came out
oh yeah single-player single-player rich
what did I say what did I say then it
was just gonna be bots it's gonna be
like there's gonna be the multiplayer
with bots and this doesn't even really
bother me because if it would be fun
just to play around with Jason and do
all the kills so I'm not super bothered
by that uh-huh f13 Friday the 13th
Friday the 13th the game just had an
update where you can play the game
against bots now it's the same maps yeah
the same shit just with bus can I make
it some people who drop out their BOTS
oh that would be nice
but also virtual cabin 2.0 I have no
idea what this virtual cabin thing they
added to Friday the 13th is right I like
like I don't even date nglish stream it
was downloading the updates for this
stuff but if they hadn't hadn't finished
I have no idea what the virtual cabin
sentence it seems to be a big deal for
some people that there's virtual cabin
2.0 but I yeah I'm in the dark
saying this behavin says hey guys how
did you feel during the last Jedi when
you found out that Bruce Willis was a
ghost the entire time
Louisville watts are you guys in here
and your spoiler fun you get they like
to have fun rich you like to have the
fun
germs don't smuggler 44 turd smuggler
hey Jack enriched 44 just finished
launching black mare for the first time
oh yeah really enjoyed it yeah what's
your favorite episodes
mine was easily the memory implant
episode from season one
oh when when you can record everything
memory implants episode or I don't know
did you know
oh you haven't seen it yeah oh that's
right oh shit if you're talking about
the the one where you can record all of
your memories then yeah that's it that's
a really good one
I if I had to pick a favorite it would
it would probably be the Hayley Atwell
digital husband one this looks like a
neat boss fight oh yeah so far this is a
pretty neat closer I'm okay with this
possible
the digital husband one is is
heartbreaking and wonderful and I like
the actors in it
I dodged
so how long before Twilight Princess did
this game come out how horrible and
intended for ripping this off mm-hmm
fair question
come on you're so close area that's a
great question mm mmm
this came out after II oh they're saying
this came out after oh oh are they yeah
what second form that seems like a bit
much the fire dragon that's the main bad
guy
Oh kind of
Susanoo Miyamoto owned up to Twilight
Princess being inspired by Shadow of the
Colossus Okami
April of oh six Twilight Princess
November of our six welcome so you know
same time ish six months yeah that's not
enough time to wholesale rip something
off right
sorry Susanoo I wasn't paying attention
but then again it took them like how
many years to make Twilight Princess so
couple acknowledged they were making a
Zelda dog game right probably four years
I did
my friend wants to know why the first
order recruits so many women like like
that's your issue that out of all the
things you can be bothered by in the new
Star Wars movies that's that's it
because because the goofy space casino
was already fully staffed that's my
answer
your friend sounds like someone who
hates the the movies because of garbage
internet politics it's garbage on both
sides I it all makes me want to throw up
feminism anti feminism sjw hate those
sjw's Nazis Nazi all makes me want to
throw up yeah yeah what I I kind of
zoned out to what you're talking about I
have no idea how you got here somebody
think about somebody is somebody
bitching about women being in the first
order sounds like somebody who's
watching that through the lens of
feminism feminism vote ISM more than an
actual complaint sure someone that
someone who is subscribes to all the
here's why feminism is actually not
seeing hated from both sides I hate it
from both sides so I just didn't know
how you got there and all of a sudden
like I feel like I picked up halfway
through a conversation and I was like
what
you know they're here here's a statement
that shouldn't be controversial is there
are bad people in the world and there
are people that take ideological stances
that maybe go a little too far that's
what I will say without saying anything
specific you just add in your group with
me and you can just agree with me or
disagree at the end of the be great but
why they recruit women is because like
anybody's man they need people to hit
the buttons who cares like if I were an
evil organization and someone said that
they would work for me I'd hire them man
woman fish monster all of them they'd
all of it oh you know I need someone to
push the button when I say blow up a
planet are you gonna push the button
when I say blow up the planet you're
hired
that's my that's my stand point
look my love bit says dear you and the
other one I wish to ask you a question
that due to its paradox
paradoxical nature leads to a lift in
cognitive abilities thank you
what is the smallest big thing then
doesn't blow my mind the the smallest
with the largest little person was Andre
the Giant he's the tallest little person
Andre the Giant how do I get that I just
do it's a dumb question I'm gonna answer
a dumb way sure so the well but the
question was what's the smallest big
thing the smallest big thing you want
the other way around okay no that was a
question the smallest big thing yeah I
excited answer it reverse sure I think
the smallest big thing is a baby
elephant okay okay
pretty small it turns into a big thing
but even even by like standards of big
things it's pretty small like it's not
bigger than a mountain baby elephant
Peter Dinklage's the smallest giant
Reno is the is the biggest little city
right Reno Nevada is the biggest little
city so you know that's in there too so
many things just giving the whole thing
just skipping the whole thing rich
because I can because I can

[Part II]
because I can because I can nana mice's
hadn't been in target in a long time in
target which should have been my first
sign but damn DVD section was 1.5 rose
0.5 section for CDs half of which was
Christmas true story bro
well at least these things are all going
the way in the dinosaur yeah and if you
want CDs or DVDs you can buy them on
Amazon and get them same-day shipped and
no one buys physical media anymore they
stream stuff it's the way of welcome
welcome to like three years ago man
get to get it together
get it right together what are you
thinking what are you doing
yep Nana says thinking about Yoda and
Empire I'm nostalgic for great puppetry
and film my faves include gremlins the
one-eyed witch in Dark Crystal 80209
Kermit riding a bike do you have any
personal favors there's is one one shot
in gremlins I have always loved there's
a lot of shots in gremlins I love yeah
yeah but but specifically one were like
the mother is going around the house and
she's fighting the gremlins look she
knows they're the little monsters and
she's like peeks into the kitchen yeah
and there's a gremlin in the kitchen I
think he's eating something out of bowl
and he like his ear perks up and he
looks around and that looks like a real
fucking thing it looks like a real
fucking living breathing gremlin I have
always been impressed by that one
particular shot and many shots in that
movie sure sure
uh yeah and you know I'm okay with
puppetry and movies I suppose I'm trying
to think of a specific example of like
just a really good puppet mm-hm
this might be an obvious example but the
the entire kind of weirdo puppet plot of
Being John Malkovich over that John
Cusack was a was a weirdo marionette
puppeteer I remember that I'm trying to
remember the actual marionette so drop
blanks they were horrifying and weird
and you know like he would he would
recreate scenes from like dramas and
like erotic thrillers with his
marionettes I loved those I loved those
those were those are fantastic
it's a thing a puppet or stop-motion
animation well I think most of that was
those puppet work grandma probably that
thing
the thing I don't know I don't know that
they did much stop-motion in the thing
much I mean most films used a variety of
different techniques dependent upon what
they wanted and what it's specific shot
yeah yeah yeah not in the thing things
shut up about that
shut the heck up oh yeah any of the
dinosaurs from Jurassic Park I'll take
I'll take as part of as part of my
favorite puppets and movies those things
are awesome
that movie hold up really good
it still does it still does man I just
shot here or there what
I don't know that big brontosaurus the
first thing you see looks all that great
in hindsight and modern viewed from a
modern eye but in general most things in
that movie yeah that's he writes man
yeah here a yes
ain't nothing ain't nothing to that
t-rex
they had a huge t-rex puppet right yes
yes but they also blended that with some
CGI it wasn't just the one thing right
that's what made it so special
Lana I heard they had a lot of problems
with the big t-rex puppet because of the
braiding in that scene mm-hmm and I kept
getting the outer layer the foam
covering or whatever it was wet yeah
which affected the way it moved so got
wet I got when it got wet enough it
would move jittery that's it was like a
it was like a like like someone with the
shakes yeah is the weight the weight was
throwing the mechanics off yeah I bet
that was just creepy as fuck
okay loss shaking t-rex
madam says what's the deal with the fan
reaction to the last Jedi the silly
petition to remove it from Canon and the
replies to Jack on Twitter
you need to talk to me about this some
people seem to take your positive
feedback so personally yeah
I was you know I was talking with Jay
about that the other day because Jay is
also going through a bit of a Twitter
thing where he didn't even he didn't
even like criticize it but you know he
because of your review yeah on Twitter
Jasmine Jay has been getting a ton of
hate on Twitter because you guys were
fairly negative to it towards it you
were critical a lot and so Jays been
getting a ton of hate I was really
positive about the movie I've been
getting a ton of hate there is no
winning there is no the only winning
move is not to play goes the sang and
and it's no I like all I said because I
really truly genuinely enjoyed the movie
star wars Mets people went crazy
so does literally crazy it's truly crazy
so I because I genuinely enjoyed the
movie I did a little tweet and I was
like hey yeah this is a good good movie
good on you ryan Johnson for making a
good movie right and my Twitter feed has
been nothing but and eventually I just
turned off all notification so I don't
even get notifications anymore but that
the replies to that original tweet are
just like here's why you're wrong here's
a paragraph on why you're wrong what
about this part this part is wrong
you're an idiot how does it feel to be
as such an idiot when it comes to movies
people are dicks and it's it's the same
thing for someone like Jay who was more
critical of the movie and and people are
dicks people are dicks about the whole
thing okay you just tightrope walk
across the room
I'm sure there's a way to do that but I
don't care that would have been nice
yeah and I don't know I don't know why
what it is specifically about Star Wars
that gets people riled up I guess I'm
used to it because we're it's also with
video games people have the same way
with video games yep
they get really riled up when you don't
like something or dislike something
exactly the way they liked it or
disliked it and exactly the way they
liked or disliked it's exactly it has to
be exactly the way I dislike even if you
dislike it you didn't dislike it like I
just liked it so then you're trash right
people are waffle people are awful awful
our awful falafels man so I don't I
don't even know
I have to do here again I don't know
what to tell you man
I gotta light the sacred flame
this game does something really awful
where if someone has something important
to say they decide to break it up into
chunks yeah so you have to like talk to
them over and over again to get all of
their chunks just give me the
information in a yes a million times
I've heard the rumor I need to bring
fire to the flame some are the Phoenix
statues somehow great what are the
prerequisites a great question you
definitely won't be around I will not be
around I'm gone and I'm not even 100%
sure what I'm gonna have to do with
visiting someone so and when I'm gonna
need to visit them yeah yeah yeah so we
might be taking an extended time off
like I don't want to say anything
because I may or may not end up
streaming I I may end up streaming like
on the 23rd or I may end up streaming on
that's one he said that's like a four
day swing and yeah so the answer to that
question is Jim we don't know
24-hour Christmas Day strange clothes
that I know that's particularly likely
right yeah so no matter what I'm gone
for a while you won't you've probably
got you you probably won't see me for a
few weeks that is not an exaggeration at
least two weeks
well what's so what's what's what's the
deal then so we're definitely Christmas
Eves is off yeah for you for sure for me
for sure Christmas Eve is off like oh uh
what about the Wednesday after that I'm
gone you're gone I'm gone and the
Wednesday and then the Sunday and
Wednesday after that I'm going Wow
yeah yeah so you know I'm you won't see
me for at least two weeks all right my
solo streams are awful do you like them
people like him I like next Sunday may
be able just say no left in that weekend
okay and then I'll try and do a solo
that the week after that that Wednesday
the week from now and then that Sunday
I'll try and do a solo or two you see if
I get someone else here with me I don't
know sure that is up to you finish
ghostbusters you FARC I did last stream
yeah yeah where have you been
yeah we finished ghostbusters on Sunday
man get it together
so yeah well it's it's a big we'll see
and yeah basically rich what if you know
ahead of time or when you know ahead of
time just let me know and I'll tweet it
out yeah
and so follow follow the Twitter people
just to reduce stress I'm gonna yeah the
the the upcoming Sunday weekend stream
will say no yeah I mean that's Christmas
Eve but two weeks is a long time to go
without either of us so after that the
way the following Wednesday a week from
now I'll do some guys solo something
sure and then the Sunday after that I'll
just want a solo or something okay
yeah and then like I won't be here
Wednesday the 3rd but I'll be back the
4th so maybe we can do something on the
4th all right one of those situations
Dead Rising 2 per run I might look I'll
find something to do
yeah ready to find something to do
oh yeah that's exactly what rich would
like a Kingdom Hearts stream no I'd love
that
absolutely not going to happen
I'll probably play something I like and
I'll try to do it well that makes sense
that just makes too much sense rich do
something you enjoy you
Oh a lot of backtracking need to
resurrect Jesus Christ shut up already
people people rioted when we did those
places play some retro games and the
Raspberry Pi I'm not I'm not sure how
legal that would be illegal yeah
I feel I feel very little guilts when I
I have the ship sitting in a drawer
somewhere
we're crate holding Tendo games sure
sure
ah sure sure you know you know you know
it's not a label of nobodies snitches
somebody always snitches there's a whole
there's there's a there's an itching
algorithm man you know one has to snitch
anymore
they've turned computers into snitches
Jack would snitch I would not snitch
true-blue review says my only question
about the last Jedi
how are the pores compared to the Ewoks
is it better or worse that they don't do
shin also I thought it was immune to
wanting toys or something until I saw
Imperial bb-8 and Portia better than
Ewoks
yeah porks were fine man they they were
just there they didn't know they didn't
like a walks they gave a whole plot line
to Ewoks the porters were just the
scenery no there to some toys yeah the
porters were but better less obtrusive
way than the Ewoks were right
the Ewoks remember like had to save the
day and had a little dance party
afterwards
Brick Egger says Disney Star Wars like
any type of world building there's no
information on the political landscape
of the galaxy when they asked to help in
movie I bet they heard get a job because
nobody gives a fuck what you lost me
like halfway through one when who asked
who to help in the movie what what what
what are you talking about
the thing near the end we have to do
this then nobody answered that read that
again alright Disney Star Wars lack any
type of world building there's it does
it does there's no information on the
political landscape of the galaxy when
they ask for help in movie I bet they
heard get a job because nobody gives a
fuck oh yeah I guess that's what I'm
talking about yeah I guess my only
counter-argument is in in that type of
fantasy setting like how much world
building is necessary do you remember
when when the expanded universe and the
prequels tried to do world building
right do you remember how that turned
out do you remember the Senate hearings
remember that that was world building
you know it's Star Wars any good guy bad
guy don't remember the wacky space
casino do you remember that you remember
the wacky 50s diner do you remember the
for salamanders oh god I hate that
universe
my sky any chance we might get to see
more binding of issac I love The Binding
of Isaac and I would love to play more
of The Binding of Isaac I you know kind
of throw that on the pile of stuff I've
played a million times but there's
there's always a chance I I you know I I
do like to keep the games new and fresh
unless we can get more entertainment out
of them
or rich and I are enjoying them so much
that people on the chat are confused
yeah the Star Wars Expanded Universe is
salamanders that nullified the force
they also have I think they have that
they have for some vampires they do have
for him there are Jedi witches such a
rich a marvelous universe
you're just skipping this all which is a
mistake because now I don't know what I
need to do but I just needed to skip
that all I couldn't do it anymore
guys I could not fucking listen to it
anymore
rich give us your pitch for episode 9 to
save Star Wars I don't have it yep
I don't have it and I guess they're
gonna kill kylo Ren then you win the war
I guess I don't know I don't know
here's alright and here's what I think
they should have done with Star Wars
they should have ended it in 1983 with
the release of Return of the Jedi
because they told the complete story in
the universe that that story was
designed to be told them ah interesting
yeah that works that would've worked
just fine
well Star Wars survived its own fandom
well yeah but it's gonna be continually
more and more mutated and ugly thing as
time goes by it's like it's not mutated
it's I mean yes mutated ism is a decent
way to put it but it's like it was a
beautiful person then that just keeps
growing more and more tumors you know
how about how about it's it's a tree
that grows more rings that's time it's
the front like it like you said the Star
Wars was I mean heck originally it was
just meant to be the one movie and then
like we got lucky and we got another one
and a half decent movies out of it yeah
and that was supposed to be it but they
keep trying to build more people throw
money at anything with that logo on it
of course and of course they're going to
do that it makes sense and so what we
have here like with the new ones with
force awakens in last Jedi we have a
property that is now 40 years old that
modern-day filmmakers are trying to
apply modern sensibilities to and it's
not quite fitting nice for some people I
I don't know if I would call it tumors
if I would just call it like the new
coat of paint and it might not work with
all the old fixtures I new coat of paint
over what was previously a very
beautiful stained piece of wooden
craftsmanship just painting it flat red
or something gotta keep up with the
times flat ready a flat red is the is
the hot hot new look rich gotta sell
your house got sell your ass you got a
faint in putting outdoor carpeting over
those beautiful hardwood floors
you know sometimes that's the call you
gotta make sometimes that's it
I did it rich I messed up I messed up
big-time oh my god it's the restored
Jesus painting yes the Jesus fresco do
you remember this oh yeah the old lady
tried to fix the old lady at the church
volunteered to restore it and the
results are amazing
they actually worked out for them in the
end I believe they they now sold tickets
to see it the hipsters that want to see
the fucked up Jesus painting not even
the hipsters just everyone wants to gawk
at that the gawk at the mess yeah so
really that metaphor kind of works
because you know the last Jedi is still
doing very well in the box office
because people want to look at the
people want to look at the freak
I miss something big and she completely
mutilated it paid to see ruined painting
hmm
yes it's Star Wars it's Star Wars
Damon who she went off all by herself
whose cushy I wasn't I did something
really dumb because I was frustrated and
now I don't know what to do
I know there she is everything's fine
she's right here
everything's fine
mummy buddy 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 all right
speak the fans getting upset about
things yeah I just watched the video of
your stream of the berserk game the oh
yeah oh that anime buzzer game yes
zooming and the comments in that video
got straight-up hateful oh yeah
anyways happy holidays yeah yeah
whatever
just this guy you know says a genuine
Happy Holidays to you guys
let's celebrate what's really important
in life spending time with family
sneaking away from family to play video
games and agreeing with me about Star
Wars depending on where you lie in that
spectrum of flowers it's possible that
one of us might agree with you on Star
Wars but you know we'll see so yeah good
luck
and I do think you know I'm not I'm not
a crazy person I do think there is
genuinely some valid criticism of the
last Jedi like there are it has some
problems to me those problems don't
matter like Oh in the in the hole in the
hole I liked it but it does have some
some problems including I think one that
I can talk about yep that is not a
spoiler in any way shape or form okay
here is a here's kind of a big problem I
had with our last Jedi its Laura Dern's
dress I her her is far more distracting
hey I know you said that you laura dern
has the pink hair yeah or a purple hair
or whatever color yeah and I were
talking me about this yesterday you're
like weren't you distracted by her hair
and I said no no you know hair's fine
cuz you know it's space and she's right
next door to a giant fish monster so
like yeah I'm not worried about her hair
I said there were two things about Laura
Dern that bothered me one the little
metal halo on the back of her head like
I just wanted to know what that was and
but more importantly her dress she was
wearing this like skin-tight sheer
cocktail dress yeah but she was a war
general fuck are you wearing
you know a cocktail dress and then like
the hair of like a college student
exactly like it's not a general it's not
a world leader and it's like I know that
like Monmouth were a war like the white
flowy gown she look like a diplomat she
did she did she looked like someone in
charge and Laura Dern's cocktail dress
bothered me you know like I obviously
that's just it was just a costume choice
and that's a nitpick but that
specifically bothered I don't know
obviously there were there were picker
problems to the movie then Laura Dern's
cocktail dress button I get like every
scene she was then I would just I found
just my I wasn't watching her face I was
just making I was I was like judging her
on her outfit and I thought I would wear
that outfit
golden Gooch I don't think that's true
golden Gooch says it's meant to
highlight how far down the pecking order
they had to find her as the replacement
and no that's not who didn't get that
impression remember Poe said like oh
that's the hero of this blob well no she
was a she was a high up general that
that is you're incorrect I'm sorry I
think that was just the outfit Jeffy sir
the rebels let anyone be a general I
mean there's remember do you remember
and Return of the Jedi when I was in
general solo that's true neither they're
very low standards a thief and a
smuggler the smuggler that's been
hanging out with him Yasmin a good
general huh yeah I mean you're right
that guy who betrayed general solo sold
them to the empire into a fat slug well
let's make him a general - he seemed to
know what he was doing it he got general
solo he beat on general can we get him
can we get him on our side how much
money do we have because that would be
great like they're hiring people to
direct star wars movies I can do it can
we go back to the first guy I liked a
lot of boring jobs those comedy guys we
hired to be our general yeah they're
making a comedy
he's fire them like you know that
general we hired who's really good at at
cannons
he's using his cannons all the time we
don't like that anymore
we told not to use his cannon so much
that's great no like I had there there
was visually speaking there was a lot of
very striking imagery in the last Jedi I
think I think Rian Johnson he didn't he
did more good than bad in my opinion
wasn't wasn't Lando a general - and
Return of the Jedi am i imagining that
everyone everyone just everyone general
everyone's a general doorbell hey why
not he could have been he maybe wasn't I
don't know all you know all those Ewoks
generals after this event after that
battle general tub tub general fuzzy
belly all of them Chad do you really
want to see Lando 1-9 do you really do
you really want them to throw more meat
in the grinder oh no now we got away
because we got it we got under the thing
now
general and what was Lando a general
that's it that's actually a decent
question you know he flew that final
mission I don't know why general or if
he was just a commander Calrissian I
could be wrong but I thought it was a
general Calrissian so we need a fact
check fact checked on on Lando
Calrissian z-- rank in the rebellion in
Return of the Jedi yeah I'm not talking
about in one of the books yeah yeah not
a book in Return of the Jedi books don't
count
he was a general there's okay all right
anybody could be a general the guy who
just sold out the rebellion he rose to
the empire was made a general folks but
he was pretty sorry about it
hey guys and sorry I sold out your other
general but I tried to make up for it
the best I could with you know helping
out here so I'm like like Star Wars like
general is that like the equivalent of
like the rank of private private is that
what it what if is galaxy far far away
it's actually flip old new recruits
start as generals and you need to work
your way up to private general general
Calrissian go reports a private act part
well he was a dad all right oh no I'm
just trying to think like what if it's
like starts a general goes up to captain
at yeah yeah private act bar I like that
homeboys talking maybe have your Admiral
Ackbar versus really no brain maybe was
just like the communications guy maybe
so they are they are reversed I like it
just Akbar wasn't in charge of shit I
was just doing the communicator right he
was just a guy in the chair - what that
universe it's fantasy there wasn't like
I know it was never meant
I understand that but people put so much
into it like it was never meant to be
Star Trek it was never meant to be
dissected into its hierarchy but here we
are but you know this is what we got
this vast world that was absolutely
never designed to be a vast world it's
supposed to be a silly little right a
little space adventure some good space
adventure movies this room had a
beginning a middle and an end we got
some space wizards up in here you guys
like it's now endless schlock
Yep. Endless schlock.
Len_Flakasinski says, Rich, Mike and Jay
Dance Dance Revolution stream?
No. What I can't stand about
the new Star Wars films is made we're
never made clear why the first order is
evil or what the resistance is fighting
for why the resistance is a resistance
and not the current ruling body this is
what have we been talking about this
whole time Star Wars the good guys the
bad guys but right right that we are
literally met why why is the Empire evil
in the first one we're told they were
even cuz we were told they were evil
there was a guy in a black suit he's
evil boom simple Merlin to fill fantasy
yeah yeah what I'm saying what I'm
asking you the good viewers is to give
me a you know an example of the Empire
acting evil well they did blow up all
the wrong well I'm saying at the start
at the start of the movie okay how do we
know they're evil besides just
assumptions yes they do blew up all
right later
it's yeah you know they had the Death
Star no I'm saying in the first Star
Wars before before we knew there was a
they do they do they do kill love Luke's
parents with a knife spirit I had brew
and uncle Owen we assume they do we
assume they do obi-wan says they do so
some drunk idiot in the cave says they
do right what I'm saying is like could
you imagine a world in which they're the
good guys and the rebels are
legitimately the bad guys they're
smuggling drugs and the good guys are
just trying to shut down a drug
smuggling ring
it's Oh was I supposed to do it wait
what I thought rich hates all games from
Japan first things first I'm not the one
who's playing this jack is yeah second
thing I hate anime that doesn't mean I
hate everything made in Japan because it
was made in Japan
like the Zelda games like Mario other
things I've like not a big anime fan but
but it's not the same thing really like
vanquish right yeah yeah it's very much
made in Japan
Ninja Gaiden alright over Japan yeah
super Japan about ninjas
from software very oh yeah
blood-borne yeah Souls born boom boom
basically stop being an idiot but I
don't I don't like I don't like anime
and I don't like turn-based Japanese
role-playing games so right so you hate
everything from I hate everything
literally everything from Japan I get
that and I get that
gobbling axes today I went to the
doctors and he ordered lab screenings
for my 40th birthday yay including a
prostate exam rich have you done this
yet
Jack are you looking forward to being an
old man like rich there's I I am because
it beats the alternative of not being an
old man which you know has far worse
consequences I have not done that but I
did see a doctor a couple years back
okay general general checkup I said I
was fine
he said I was fine yeah you know I'm I
would much rather be an old man than
dead so yeah how did you like Japanese
cuisine is there and they're typically
speaking a lot of fish in Japanese
cuisine yeah
so I would avoid it on principle because
I'm allergic to seafood mm-hmm yeah if I
were you I would stay with ya in most
case I mean like they do have some non
fish stuff but yeah yeah you could do
the hibachi you could do a bocce type
stuff
but I don't know how bad your allergies
are some people just can't even go into
the restaurants cuz they say they make
so much fish so much future stuff
brick Eggar says there must be some type
of middle ground between prequels and
current movies right now
all we got is dumb millennial crowd
shipping reloj because the only thing
you can discuss now is who will fuck
maybe you're going to the weird websites
man yeah I can I can tell you I've never
had that conversation with any of my
friends so you might here's here's the
problem appointment don't go to Star
Destroyer Ned I'm assuming I'm presuming
this where they're going you know which
every time you point a finger at someone
else again 3-bit pointing back at you
all those people all they talk about
who's having sex with who in Star Wars
yeah all those people come on it's you
wasn't that where the real real weirdos
used to post their multi-page rants and
responses to the planket reviews isn't
destroyed wasn't the 108 page Phantom
Menace rebuttal wasn't that spawned out
of Star Destroyer dotnet I have no idea
I've never heard this before that come
from their forums I kind of hope it is
now yes I have never heard this before
and I don't know I'm just presumed
that's where the real hardcore weird
obsessive sounds I'll be with you but I
I don't know for sure
I must read this legend it's just it's
just insanity it's it's vile and hate
directed personally to Mike more so than
reason defenses oh the big movie yeah oh
that's that's tough to know the 108 page
rebuttal it's you know it like you think
to yourself always going to be a fun
like delve into crazy and it's not it's
not
did you read all 180 pages I don't think
I got past the first two yeah
it's it's a tough one
hundred there was a somebody wrote a
hundred eight page rebuttal to the mr.
blinken Phantom Menace review a gotcha
if you will yeah
that isn't no way a god show or thought
out you know it was supposed to be one
of those I'm gonna take every one of
your points and show you why they're all
invalidated and basically boiled down to
so you said that there was no good
characterization but you're wrong so you
said that this yeah it was really bad
it was quite something my quite
something there
did you read any of that 10 page letter
that was written to you about Stargate
no no of course not did you hear that we
already learned our lesson I don't want
to compare the two what was I hate
spilled venomous attack on on Mike's
person yeah and the other one was just
some guy who likes Stargate and wants to
share it so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
equate these two things that's fair I
guess
plus there's like a 98 page difference
so slightly less crazy
yeah the 10 page rich needs to watch
stargate letters somewhat less crazy
this pub Jia's is leaving really XS
that's true I saw that now very exciting
I'm very exciting but you read the 110
page one I read like the first page out
of curiosity and and it gave me cancer
yes they have added the killcam I've
seen actually something that looks that
looks very exciting they've they've
added a kind of a replay cam where you
can it's not just a kill cam after you
die you can take the whole scene and put
the camera anywhere so you can like
follow back like where your killer came
from what they were doing before ya
spotted you you can make little action
movies
what's nice yeah it looks they've done
they've done some work they've done some
work I I don't know if it'll be enough
for me to go back to it but they've put
in some work man
are you guys having any fun playing this
game or is Jack having any fun playing
this game or it's we're playing it hello
or is he just going through the paces to
continue the stream a little bit of
column a little bit of column B there
you know the like this part the game
part of the game is is really a whole
load of not bad it's not great and it's
not good enough to to justify all of the
bad in the game in my opinion but it's
something that I also can do fairly
mindlessly enough where I'm okay doing
it while streaming so I'm just gonna
keep doing it because why not we don't
have anything else better to play at the
moment and I'm kind of curious as to how
it ends so we'll see
I got the ogre liver don't worry guys I
got that ogre liver gobbledygook says
speaking of being healthy and not
sitting around and talking about Star
Wars all day yeah whatever happened to
the stand up timer oh I do miss the
Standard Time Jack did rich slowly erode
away at your will to live a long life
you know the stand up timer was is a
it's a good idea and we should get back
to that why did it go on it was just
it's hard to to keep that up yeah you
know cuz you have to manually set the
timer every out are you fucking just
Anna hey guys hey guys let's stand up
let's stand up there you go
motherfuckers Merry Christmas you filthy
animal
you get your ugly yellow belly to Ben
keister out of here by the time I count
to 10 1 2 10 well there you go
there you go kids the the problem with
the stand up timer was the the hassle
that was getting it getting it set up
every time because what I would do is
just like you know put an hour timer on
my phone and then if I forgot or if I
didn't hear or if we were in the middle
talking about something
go lick my love that's says ah
theoretically yes Zelda algorithm could
be discovered whereby a computer could
spew out infinite iterations type in a
few keywords and there you go
do you feel that this could be possible
no what what do you mean specifically by
iterations do you mean automatically
make a Zelda game there's some kind of
OWL algorithm like this some sort of
procedurally generated Zelda game I've
I've never used it and I don't I don't
think it changes the layout of things
but there is a randomizer for a Link to
the Past really yeah interesting
yeah switches around items justified and
difficulties and stuff
yeah that could be fun I've never played
it I'm just familiar with it
that could be fun it's that's that's
kind of the the joy of any sort of
roguelike is the procedural generation
that's kind of the theory with the
blood-borne challenge dungeons the
chalice dungeons what the randomized
dungeons full of monsters yeah and but I
will say this as far as blood-borne is
concerned those were I've thought the
weakest part of blood-borne the chalice
dungeons
I don't mind him oh no I didn't mind him
in in a game that was exceedingly good
those were just kind of okay I gotta
like them oh yeah oh I did none it
didn't know they didn't have the same
drive for me that the rest of them that
the rest of the game had so I lost
interest in those mighty quickly might
find neat stuff we've got a randomly
dropped rarer version of a weapon sure
that's true
random gets boring after a while
everything feels cookie-cutter and
nothing is unique and tell that to
Master of Orion - yeah I don't know man
there's there's a lot of good random
games out there after the necrodancer
fucking great isaac spelunky there
there's too many good examples of good
random games where you might be playing
games that have done it poorly maybe
they didn't have enough variety yeah and
you know even even in games like Isaac
or spelunky or enter the gungeon where
you start to learn FTL after FTL that's
another one where you can kind of figure
out the pattern where you go oh I think
this is going to happen here if I do
this
that's just mastery of the mechanics
that's part of the joy of the games so
yeah hand of fate to a lesser extent
hand to fade
so a 3d world that is randomly generated
and also good your 3d worlds that do
this often likes it you have the the
blood borne dungeons but a lot of a lot
of times stuff like that it's like just
paste and cut sections rearrange more so
than fully randomized world but that's
terrible three a procedurally generated
3d world yeah you know we just played
that glider one yeah yeah what it was
that called super flight super flame
strafe straight yeah straight did it
poorly straped it I did not I did not
much care for the way strafe did it
some of them flat out some of the stages
is flat out aren't random is to write
these rooms always look this way
I mean I get the feeling they're talking
about maps specifically okay being
randomized
yeah I don't know if I have a good
example of a good 3d map randomizer what
is the what is the chance to say about
this you guys think of anything like
it's not even really a 3d game but XCOM
to had oh sure
random by his patches of land yeah
randomize doom ones a dude was like 2.5
D
I don't know if that counts but rich I
don't want to play a game over 30 times
just to maybe see an item that didn't
spawn him my last playthrough let's it's
not why you play roguelikes
play them to get to the end and it's
different every time finding new items
as you know as part of the things that
keep you playing them but you know it's
not the goal also there's plenty of non
roguelikes out there so don't worry you
won't be hit up for one it's right right
to only play roguelikes you're gonna be
fine don't worry kid
you're gonna be fine
XCOM is pseudo-random because they are
fitting chunks together I think every 3d
game that is tried to have random map
generation has had a system like that
except for maybe super flight I'm not
sure how they do it
well that's those those are so abstract
sure
yeah those stages those are just chunks
you know and it's not like you have to
crawl around them or anything
Anonymous's the difference between Star
Trek and Star Wars is that Trek is
optimistic because there is an entire
galaxy to explore and Star Wars is the
most pessimistic story because it's a
galaxy always at war let's that's not
quite so true these days is it oh no
it's that's I mean that's accurate
that's an actual war eyghon made so
here's 15 dollars extra tip thanks Ivan
now that I bribe you j/k yeah my Xmas
wish is for the highly asked for Metal
Gear Rising Stream hope 2018 will be
great for you and your family you two
chat thank you thank you
there
I feel like the original Star Trek was
the twilight zone in space I don't see
it I really don't see it
I suppose weird stuff happens every week
there and sure but like the I guess
there's an argument I think you're a
long ways away from just like basically
the twilight zone it's bait maybe you
don't understand the twilight zone the
twilight zone is usually a morality tale
with a big twist karma of some sort is
going on
love me some Twilight Zone love me some
twine but I don't think that Star Wars
is Star Trek it's the Twilight Zone
space at least not you know the original
series I don't see it I don't see it
yeah sitting in the edge of forever it
could have been a Twilight Zone maybe
that one yeah but like in a general
sense I don't I don't know
yeah amok time is not a Twilight Zone
episode amok time Spock in heat right he
needs he really needs to get laid and so
he beats up Captain Kirk that is not a
Twilight Zone sir unless the twist is
that he ends up having sex with Captain
Kirk like that then now you got a
Twilight Zone episode
I always forget the name of the episode
but it's a damn fine original series
episode the one the first one that
hadn't Romulans but they have to destroy
the cloaked Romulan ship before it gets
back into Romulan territory and it's
like something it's a whole episode of
just submarine combat well where Kirk is
making tactical decisions to counter the
Romulan guy who's making tackles yeah
see that's that balance of Terror
balance that is not a Twilight Zone
episode
muds woman not really a Twilight Zone
episode muds woman everybody sewed one
of the two but what was it was the name
of that exec that creature and the
mining planet who burned through Rock
Hordak I don't know anything knowing the
whole rack not a Twilight Zone episode
wasn't the original pitch basically
horatio hornblower in space no the
original pitch was Cowboys in space
because Cowboys were popular at the time
and Roddenberry was just trying to sell
it I believe what's his name the guy who
directed Wrath of Khan and undiscovered
country what's his name he's the one who
I think made the Horatio Hornblower
comparisons to Star Trek
Nick Myer thank you mm-hmm
and he's them I think he's the first one
who compared it today
are the other Star Trek series as good
as TNG no none of the Star Trek's that
are as good as TNG but the original
series and Deep Space nine are really
fucking good well and you know if you
can deal with the effects for the time I
think the original series has some s
some decent episodes in a drift us sure
does but yeah it's no TNG
snow TMG man
what do you think is the appeal of the
Star Wars IP even kids who grew up with
the prequels of Elmo and scrolled up
hundred and find it again
lightsabers I want to be a Jedi like I
want I want to have the the superpowers
oh I think even more specifically the
lights would you give a shit about Jedi
if they did not have the lightsaber
let's say they just use guns like
everyone else but they but they still
had the mind power mind power mind
powers are pretty awesome and all right
I think it's very specifically the laser
sword I would like to say it's the
combination of the boat because here
here's what I here's what I would say if
if they had laser guns but like could
still move things with their mind
awesome if they couldn't move things
with their mind but just had the laser
swords still kind of Awesome before that
I know you've heard but I I think it's
the combination of both so I I like the
powers man telekinesis is awesome
but I could see someone who had the like
you know the mind powers and and a cool
laser got laser got laser guns man yeah
these are great
lots of things have lasered yeah that's
true that's true rich Evans reshef ish
says hey guys rich have you heard or I
have heard of or read the three-body
problem it sounds vaguely familiar but I
know nothing about it it's a hard sighs
it's hard sci-fi it it's very best also
what are some sci-fi tropes you both
despise or grow tired of keep up the
fantastic work and I wasn't that
familiar with a three body problem
it sounds from a sci-fi trope I'm tired
of okay well this it's this goes beyond
sci-fi okay this is fucking I I hate I
hate the chosen one I was going to say
them yeah yeah nice I was gonna say the
chosen to chosen one the chosen one
is is the laziest writing any writer can
write he's the he's the the the one who
will being bring peace because he is the
one who will be bring peace the chosen
one needs to the destined one yes all of
those all of those BBS's
I would love to see a story Jack okay
right with you some kind of fantasy
story yeah
where the chosen one has to take the
sacred item and do the the sacred thing
but then the chosen one gets killed and
the sacred item gets destroyed and the
other characters you know early in the
story sure and then the other characters
have to find a way to solve the problems
despite all that shit on their own I
like it yeah like the first 20 minutes
is yeah as a whole as a whole movie
compressing at 20 minutes then our hero
hero bites it just rock slide or
something destroys them and the sacred
object and everyone else is like shit do
we do we have a plan B right that's the
that's a plan B the name of the movie is
plan B
yeah how how much agency doesn't remove
from your character if they are destined
to do the thing at the end there's no
choice involved there's no character
moment there's no decision-making
it's I'm going to I'm going to slay the
beast because it was written down that
I'm gonna slay the Beast you might as
well say the script says I slay the
Beast so I guess I have to there's no
there's no agency now the person who
wasn't destined to slay the Beast s to
slay the Beast and they have to do it
without the sacred thing that is the
only thing that can defeat right so
maybe they have to make some decisions
maybe there's some fail right along the
way right yeah yeah maybe we get to know
them as a character and we can you know
projector so like that's see and and
that's not to say that there can't be
like the special circumstances Spider
Man right
Spider Man a Peter Parker got
superpowers and then fucked off with
them for a little bit but then you know
he wasn't chosen to be the hero of New
York he made that decision for a
specific reason yeah
it was as inferno oh great
I got the fire power
yeah there's a brush on source oh it's
like the water
okay
also the powers get a little repetitive
so I have I have a power in economy
where I can make like a waterspout map
and if there's a water source and yeah
you draw a line from the water to the
thing the water goes on now if I have a
fire source I can draw a line from the
fire to the thing okay I want to light
up fire so it's like it's very similar
things samurai does it well tribler
review says samurai does it well of a
distant hero failing to defeat the big
villain dealing with the consequences is
that him is that a movie samurai or
Booker samurai I think Oh were you guys
I I want to say the people who aren't
the chosen one need to do with the
chosen one he was the only one that can
do it but they have to do it so so don't
have the powers and they don't have the
fate behind them but like were they like
were they you know help me write the
movie were they the chosen ones like
posse or were they just people down in
the village
I could I could deal with it either way
okay yeah sure so like you know you can
do make it like the squire of the night
you know okay so so the move the movie
starts with the hero the obvious hero
sure ripped in everything walking into
the village and the ancient one lays out
the prophecy I'm like you know what I
might not even make it the obvious hero
I would I might make it the kid who's
supposed to rise to greatness oh then
you can kill a kid yeah and now you're
talking cuz then the kid dies and that
means that Han Solo the Han Solo
character has to deal with yeah great I
gotta take down the Empire now wait I
got to do what no it's like it's not you
know it's not Han Solo it's yeah it's
just it's but but the one that died
should be like totally the Luke
Skywalker of course of course and but
and that what's his what was his friend
I meant for great things
how's tubs big pigs I always forget his
name
and then like Biggs is just like well
I'm in the military maybe I think yes
thing how about we just make a plan of
action guys perfect
now it's something it's something that I
know I've said before and something that
I truly truly believe that like fate and
destiny are a lazy screenwriters tool
they can work I'm just utterly sick of
it I just think it's always lazy always
it take it takes away all sorts of
agency and urgency and character
development from from your hero it can
work because it has worked its button
I don't doesn't mean I likes it
we're two and a half hours into the
stream when are we gonna get to spoilers
once we hit three well Mike will make
the last leg of the we assure you can
talk to me but I don't I so don't give a
shit yeah well I'm just saying like
general like if it won't be a super
in-depth thing yeah rich already knows
I'm not sitting here with a bunch of
things to say about it
oh no but you know if the chat wants to
chat yeah I know you already did a thing
you're you know you soon I barely found
enough to say about it then right that's
fair rich
ha
yes
look my love myth says Ridge what is the
I think this is supposed to be algorithm
but it's al gay ride tiem before an
episode of TOS episode what words do we
type into the machine that tip made no
sense and I can't answer it because it
literally makes no sense just I guess
they just want to know what what made
for good the original series episodes
sure no one ever really broke it down
he's watched episodes and enjoyed them
honestly yeah
do you care much for the original sirs I
had I I've seen a few episodes here
there you know it's hard it's hard to
watch because the effects and and the
the settings and the staging hasn't aged
particularly well but I've seen a few
episodes here there I've never been a
huge fan of it no I just I'm a TNG fan
person I just I just I never really
broke it down like that I can't tell you
what I think specifically what elements
make for a good TOS episode sure sure
like you know good TNG is a is a deep
and thoughtful moral conundrum on a
weirdo alien planet with weirdo alien
rules that's the best
something something kirk takes a risk
risk pays off
something-something Kirk takes the risk
it's like I'm in the writers room
there's usually Spock solving all the
problems yeah they haven't fucked
without Spock well he was the he was the
superhero
Spock couldn't lead though no there's
absolutely try there was a Shuttle crash
in the land and spawn was on he was in
command
he's shockingly enough not good with
people
whoa whoa whoa whoa Spock is not good
with people one of those episodes is
like Spock has saved everybody's asked
way to many times we need to show his
weakness yeah like people are just
starting to wonder why Spock isn't the
captain we should do something about
that
why was Spock Navas cabanne was too
logical that sounds like a strange thing
to say you know Spock did not I highly
value logic myself but but there is a
human element right when it comes to
saving lives that's you know a robot
wouldn't be good at necessarily where
whereas Spock would sit you know whereas
Spock would easily say if we let this
one crewman die we can all live
comfortably the needs of the many then
these are the many outweigh the needs of
the few of the one Kirk would say we
don't leave one man behind we must get
that Pearlman don't you understand Spock
if we leave him behind what what are we
as men then after the guy inevitably
dies when sparks in command we need to
have a funeral that would be a waste of
resources take the body to the galley
and have it prepared for eating terrible
leader his nutritional contents could be
added to our replicator system don't you
understand
Vulcan ships probably do that don't they
eat their day oh yeah
don't they have a burial thing or no
they just jettison oh yeah I guess they
do I don't know they haven't I thought
they had a yeah everything it always
feels weird when they try to give
Vulcans like all this religious ceremony
type stuff it feels so contradictory
yeah yeah is it religion or is it um is
it just what if it's certainly ceremony
its ceremony yeah but it's not
necessarily religion quasi religion
there's probably a better word for it
than really didn't just
oh uh okay start a fire that's the
question
I got some got some puzzles to solve

[Part III]
true-blue reduces speaking of chosen
ones yes
Tripoli review what's your favorite
movie or game that fied your
expectations in terms of its story and I
meant Samurai Jack as an example of
where a destined hero fuck's up anyway
oh sure yeah Oh Samurai Jack
you just said samurai maybe you mr. Jack
like I could have oh maybe he said
Samurai Jack and I assumed you were
talking to me Samurai
yeah yeah sorry yeah Samurai Jack is a
good tale of that of you know the
destined hero who who you know confronts
the evil one as he is destined and he
just fucks up well he eventually yeah
sure but I come with you
I'm with you um what was the first part
of that again my favorite story that
defied expectations and that's that's a
lot of stories to sort through and find
out one that meets that criteria it's a
hard thing to just off the top of my
head say oh this or that I have against
my own expectations it been enjoying a
lot of these story elements - witcher 3
but then I think the story went in a
direction you would not have expected it
defied the convention and oh that way
that's what I think they made okay sure
sure
that's a good question and I don't have
necessarily an answer for that time yeah
I know yeah yeah that's a tough that's a
tough question to answer I need to find
a way to go more up
um this time it's lupus says was a fun
book series called sir apropos of
nothing or apropos of apropos is pissed
he's not the chosen one and his story so
he max out of the chosen one deals his
horse and takes over the adventure
alright I'm down with that
Nana says hi you hack Franz are you
ashamed of your airtight opinions ie you
didn't absolutely love the last Jedi
machine I think that's sarcastic
probably oh yeah probably sarcastic how
dear right it's hard to tell maybe start
adult as we've heard some crazy things
there because it's hard to tell because
there are people who for who would say
something of that and not be sarcastic
right yeah right how dare you rich how
dare you watch a movie and have your own
thoughts about that movie
people be crazy man people lick my love
bits says check out me talking to a dude
channeling a reptilian on YouTube could
be bullshit but fuck it earth gets dull
after a while do we do we show for this
guy what does he want wants us to click
on a youtube link I want this is read
about I think this is YouTube thing I'm
not sure I think lick my love that's
might be drunk I'm not a hundred percent
sure baby maybe we'll do it later
alright now how about that
check what's the vote oh do we do we
look up this person's YouTube video do I
finish reading his thing so you can look
up his YouTube video or do I hold back
what what says drought do we without
without watching it first play it live
on stream and react to it live is that
what you want lick my love bits that's
probably not a good idea
I'm just knows what the content is
exactly yeah yeah I'm gonna say no to
definitely that it's roulette and I'm
slightly uncomfortable with this but I'm
gonna move on
moving on whining it out says rich the
last Jedi review was great the bossy
Yoda bit was hilarious I'm genuinely
surprised Mike didn't have footage to
make an awkward subtitle joke joke there
have a wonderful holiday break thank you
I know we got verinha we're late seeing
the movie as it was I'm I'm sure he was
in a rush to get it edited but a
fandango.com for your movie ticket me
that's such a bummer such a bummer
j.r.r love crap says in executive
decision
steven seagal who never loses is killed
in a boarding accident and Kurt Russell
who isn't supposed to be there must take
command and save the day
against planned ads okay
madam says that was supposed to say all
right not airtight stupid autocorrect
and yes it was sarcasm yeah that
autocorrect
I might have misread it - I don't know
no it doesn't say airtight ads
autocorrect I didn't miss read it fun
fact
Kurt Russell in that movie is one of the
only non Harrison Ford based Jack Ryan's
so who is it Ann Hunt for Red October
Jack Ryan I think it is Chet
hunt for red october that's jack ryan
right that's a good question I can't
remember what was Alec Baldwin but is it
Jack Ryan yeah they're saying yes yeah
no okay well there you go
Ben Affleck also played him and some of
offers
that's that's the one role that elderly
Harrison Ford hasn't revisited isn't it
can we be thankful for that can we just
be thankful that grandpa doesn't want to
play that one too I'll do another Tom
Clancy if we can kill off Jack Ryan we
all know you want to retire just stay
down is it easy to miss that a character
is supposed to be Jack Ryan you expect
Jack Ryan to be Harrison form you see
another thriller and this is character
and you don't really realize that's
supposed to be Jack Ryan is it something
that happens frequently maybe but you
didn't know Hunt for Red October was
Jack Brown right Ryan I didn't know that
was supposed to be somebody somebody
very engaging character isn't it's I
mean what is that that's based off of a
book series yeah yeah so it's it's just
one of those things where you you know
bond that has certain things that makes
him James Bond eat immediately
recognizable I don't know if Jack Ryan
has those things beyond just being he's
the designated protagonist right like
I'm good at spy you think I you know
designated protagonist better isn't it
yeah I am guy who wins
he's not even the main character in his
book so there you go
the main characters in his book what a
sad existence Jack would you call this
game fun and rich are you interested in
playing after watching Jack is the game
not look very good to be perfectly
honest most of the time I've been
looking at the chat or looking at tips
or talking to Jack I I haven't been
paying that much attention the game is
not worth it as far as I'm concerned I
it's starting to get fun ish but the
first 10 hours has been nothing but
utter utter bullshit it's so much
talking so much over explanation of the
plot it's been a little insufferable
this is fine like it is finally picking
up but I think if it only picks up after
10 hours you got a problem
mm-hm you got a problem with the game
so most games are over in ten hours
you know that's so fun I'm so fine with
that if it's a fun game yeah
it was over in 10 hours it was fine yeah
this one is it's too just there's
there's so much BS with the with the
good game
rich vine no by verdict and shadow of
war I guess no by just cuz I kind of
stopped playing it and wasn't really
that interested yeah yeah
which isn't the same thing as terrible
but
how does it compare to the first one I
didn't get that deep in the shadow of
war hate over Mordor I'm shadow of
Mordor I don't know how to describe this
just the four what little I played the
combat wasn't feeling as good to me I
don't know what it was maybe some minor
timing thing or something but okay I
couldn't even put my finger on exactly
what it was
I enjoyed beating up things more in the
first one oh yeah yeah hard to quantify
what exactly it was sure interesting
am I supposed to light on fire
oh they lights all of them on fire I get
it I get it
let's play more text parlor games marry
someday you know what I saw on Steam
maniac mansion I saw that as well
fucking mansion maniac mansion on Steam
guess we got to play it maniac mansion
is on Steam now I checked gog I didn't
see a therapist
that's my reaction
guess I'll buy it on that's what I did
what did gog though
what's gonna happen to Carrie Fisher and
nine I don't know that's up to a whole
group of people who are not us I don't
know that's up to a whole mess of people
she's gonna have to die off screen or
she'll be off somewhere else doing
something which would be kind of weird
episode 9 what we set in the distant
future also possible the other actors
aren't going to visibly age that much Oh
actually yeah let's hope not because I
don't know I don't want to see old like
old lady makeup on ray that'd be weird
goodnight that may go a few years in the
future
five sure sure
time to restart 5:30 5:30 issue oh yeah
8:30 a 26 a 24 more minutes four more
minutes - no spoilers don't sell them
too much I'm not oh I'm not I'm just I'm
merely stating the fact that we will not
restrain ourselves with any sort of
spoilers it's this is we're not gonna be
crazy here
this is not like a super duper a
super-dee-duper thing here
just just a friendly heads-up we'll be
talking about it and if you haven't seen
it yet we're gonna look em talk spoils
super spoils these are people split
fairly evenly on this movie I believe
they are J and you know that's just from
what I've seen online cuz like I said I
did a fairly good job of staying away
from all criticism commentary and
spoilers before I saw it so I came out
of it going hey
much like rogue one yeah and I came out
of rogue one going oh man everyone's
gonna hate this and I was dead wrong and
I came out of this one going man people
are sure gonna get a kick out of the oh
no you know but but just how they're
treating look at J and I on Twitter both
of us are getting excessive hates yeah
feeling very differently about it so
people say I need to go to Twitter oh
god no oh you're fine I mean how do you
like your sanity I like it just fine
yeah then you're fine
all these things
what do we have to shoot with the Canon
rich that's the question
Twitter is like the purge and text form
I'm moving the purge in text form
interesting it's an interesting
description
you know sometimes Twitter can be great
sometimes sometimes it's just one of
those things where you see a little joke
that makes your day sometimes you know
you get to you get to talk to you know
have a little conversation with people
that you would never have imagined that
you get to talk to that's really nice
and sometimes it's a horrible pit full
of assholes and despair it's it's it's
one of them mixed bags you'd love rich
musings on Twitter here's the thing I'd
probably never use it
because I don't give a shit about this
like sharing my thoughts and social
media I'm I'm I'm I don't have the right
mindset for that
I have a facebook just to keep in touch
with relatives and whatnot sure it's
pretty much all I use it for I don't
ever post this is how I feel about this
that it never fucking happen you know
what really irks me you know what I
really irked about today darn shame darn
Genrich but you're doing it now really
isn't the same thing no this is very
different
and that simple back and forth right
there it shows you why it's very
different yeah this we can have a
conversation here Twitter - Twitter is
not a conversation Twitter is is several
people yelling at each other you know
just shouting into each other's face
holes and and that's not what that's not
what we do here there's a little bit I
mean obviously there's a delay but
there's a little bit of a back-and-forth
cookies which is the nice part of our
twitch
and some health
it seemed this seems like the hallway
right before a big boss fight as all
these pots are here so health in pots
sometimes I'd be more comfortable if I
had like one or two more health ok Kells
I could use some howls rich there might
be a thing in the game I don't know
bring out the hills
I'll fuck you
how come he is a great game you heathens
know what I disagree
I've not said anything about it
I disagree my friend I think it is
mediocre at best social media is all
about dishing out the most powerful drug
available today attention no say you see
the weird thing about me is that I ended
up doing shit like this for a living
yeah but I absolutely do not crave
attention I have it is very strange
because you are you're saying that to
hundreds of people at this very moment I
know I know but I do not crave attention
yeah oh it's it's ego feeding that
that's social media
my opinion on the police academy films
over the first few been good dumb fun I
think I saw some of the later ones
you don't think you did it's hard they
blur
they really do blur oh yeah they really
do
once he gets the citizens on patrol it's
like what's even the point
says the guy who looked a porn because
that was part of a thing I was getting
paid to film I was hanging out with
friends it just happens that's filmed
you know what we call bits you see good
old bits it's in the script
RIT which looks the porn and you know
you're gonna like the poor it's in the
scrap org that's the joke
that's the joke goddamn right it's the
joke of the poor
fighting demons yeah
Wow
yeah okay great great
that's great guys doing great I feel I
feel like we're doing great are we I
don't know I mean I'm progressing I'm
progressing in the game the Death Star
Catching Fire was not scripted now the
nerd crew is just a weird blend of
scripted and unscripted there's a script
and then we usually quickly get off
script actually I'm not even sure if the
Licking was in the script or not I
honestly don't remember the the line
between between what you what you
improvise and what you script is
blurring every rapidly yeah that's great
that's great I don't even know who's the
nerd anymore
I don't believe in the house was in the
script oh yeah
it's the container of sausages and the
lootcrate of sperms everything in the
lootcrate supposed to surprise i mean
mike dude
I was legit gag I believe it I don't
even want to think about it
it's like they were gray in the middle
gray it's not that's not normal what was
the toy with the name crossed out and
Ray written on it I forgot which
Ghostbuster oh wise it was one of the
ghostbusters
we make him monster soup and I want to
make monster she El Rey says it was a
Melissa McCarthy wasn't sure couldn't
remember
hi hi we're doing great I'm doing great
we're doing great gotta go reading the
great Bell now I was the great Bell are
you guys tossing all that crap with no
plans on using it which which crap look
what there's a lot of crap in this world
and I'm not sure which crap you're
talking about specifically yeah yeah
please be specific with the crap
hey Chad I'm not I'm not sure if that
dogs wearing a mask or there's not some
kind of Japanese spiritual Shinto kind
of thing well he's wearing a mask
because I'm in the realm of the demons
and the demons all wear this paper mask
with a symbol painted on it okay so
that's my costume that's my disguise you
see okay okay it's a great disguise
I'll have to ring in eight times
there we go
it's cute the the art direction of this
game is super cute I love the demons
they do this thing whenever you're like
you meet a new enemy where they show
like one of those old Japanese scrolls
with that that very specific art style
you know I'm talking about that ancient
Japanese art style like that's super
great there's a lot of good things about
this but
look my love bit says just to thank you
I have Asperger syndrome and as a result
tend to retreat into my own head a lot
there are only a few things I I come out
for red-letter medium and a laughter of
rich ends well thank you very much
glad to be of service deal that's this
job
we're going to the throne room darn sad
says I can't enjoy watching Masters of
the Universe even as a joke anymore
since I find found out the director was
named in the deep Brian singer lawsuit
as an accomplice yeah you know a lot of
scum in the world I don't have to be a
lot of movies you reject yep
don't any things that harm me Harvey
Weinstein Weinstein producer no just
just about every single thing yeah just
about every single movie you love for
that probably every movie that got you
into moviemaking Harvey Weinstein had a
had a shake in a finger in that
you
kill
oh here we go big fight big fight big
fight coming up
true blue review says what did you think
of Benicio Del Toro's character in the
last Jedi I didn't expect him but I
liked him as sort of evil han Solo that
helps them then betrays them but doesn't
redeem himself in the end I thought I
was a waste of a character so spoiler is
we are in full Star Wars boiler time B
TW you've all been warned
aye I thought it was really strange that
he decided to give his character speech
impediment I thought that I got nothing
out of that character well that was kind
of annoying he you know his purpose was
to get paid betraying people who are
already caught by the evil bb-8 droid no
he gave up the the shuttles that were
going okay okay
yeah his point was the the he was what
they could have turned into had they let
cynicism and apathy take over their
hearts why is he in an action-adventure
movie sunspace they're going for a power
of good versus evil thing I didn't feel
that though I didn't and and he was
there to be the cynical asshole and and
so you know and and he states as much I
am the cynical asshole and and he was
the cautionary tale for Finn and Rose
okay is what I was saying I you know and
and I think things do get a little met
the messages do get a little muddled
towards the end but but I actually
really liked all of the failures that
were happening all over the place and
being part of it I'm sure Benicio del
Toro will be a general in the next one
hahaha if if this is a Star Wars movie
if we know anything about Star Wars
movies
we know that he'll be a general in the
next one absolutely good tired and sad
says Michael aren't the first writer of
force awakens said in early drafts every
time Luke came in and entered the movie
he just took it over suddenly you didn't
care about your main character anymore
hmm there's people like Luke
people people like the thing that helped
people like the thing that out I think I
do think that's that's a funny statement
because Luke is the one who has the
character arc not Rey in the movie ender
in Ray's story it is you know there's
like there's three stories happening in
the gave his character some development
and it'll be interesting to see what
they do with them in the next so that
was a waste no they gave him they he
finished his arc he finished his arc man
but in Ray's part of the story ray does
not have a character arc Luke to us was
just a mistake
nice you're gonna make the new trilogy
about the new characters then give her
the arc
yeah but you also need to close out the
old characters because this couldn't
this could have been well I know they
wouldn't have done this but it could
have been sent another 20 years now
they've already been gone it could could
have but they it's not you know they
they had to close the door from the old
sequels and that was part of that
getting rid of the old assuring in the
new all that usual stuff I did like what
they did in general other than the one
line other than the one-liners I like
mostly what they did would be gonna go
on the island yeah oh yeah just being
afraid yeah yeah yeah he's great he was
great and good good old ray just hey hey
man what did I'm here I'm here to do the
thing that everyone expects me to hit
then I'm here to do and he's like now I
fuck you yeah that's fun that was fun I
loved
the I loved pose the the turn on the
head of poby in the wild the wild pilot
who doesn't play by the rules just like
being kind of the the loser of that
story I thought that was nice
Luciano's were steaming himself look I
get the whole failure thing I just why
are they failing why do we need to see
that since I can rise that interest so
they can learn what what did they learn
alright alright somatically thematically
right ok old generations going out and
new generation you know what they don't
they don't need us they're gonna do what
they're gonna do they're gonna find
their own way right so so we got oh
sorry and it and it seems like they're
just gonna be doing the same things the
adults we're doing just you know 40
years later we're set up we're set up
for more empire versus rebels and and
the all the young doing their own thing
is exactly the same thing that the old
was doing well they they they face
planted on the message hears we have
where it gets a little bit muddled
because it is Star Wars the Star Wars
has one story to tell
yeah the but very clearly Poe is
learning how to be a leader and not a
hotshot pilot finn is learning about his
place in the rebellion AKA not just
chasing after ray actually fighting for
someone
what poe learned was okay we have to
give up when we're surely going to die
that's what poe learned like him turning
around seemed very weird to me and not
the right move for the particular
situation when destroying that that door
cannon was their only hope but it wasn't
their only hope
making the strategic retreat was their
best hope because no one knows that Luke
Skywalker is gonna show up and nobody
knows that the Foxes know one other way
out of there with the information he had
the right call was the risky maneuver
I thought he turned back because no no
no because destroy this it was a direct
parallel to that first mission okay and
in that first mission most of everyone
died it's what's the point of having a
rebellion if there is no one left to
rebel but if you okay but at the
situation they were in specifically at
the end if they didn't do something
desperate there was going to be no
rebellion to rebel against anything
right and so he needed to make a
leadership choice wish the right choice
was to keep going and smashed the thing
because it's our only hope that they
knew of at the time they needed to get
together and come up with a plan they
needed if that was the plan they came up
with right and and po very very smartly
said this is a bashing our head against
the unbreakable cannon is a bad plan
know what he said was we need to go to
this cave and wait to die no it was
forged it was it was a regather it was
regathered
it made sense
it made sense cuz even without even
without Luke they they didn't find the
way out because Luke found a way in they
found a way out because they they were
thinking about the foxes okay okay it
makes sense it makes sense and fin
listen the movie has problems basically
what you're saying is they got lucky
sure okay sure okay but but the tactical
lesson that Poe learned was to retreat
and maybe we'll get lucky
the tactical lesson that that Poe not
Finn the tax class and that Poe learned
was having people left to fight is
better than sacrificing everyone okay
that made sense now Finn on that casino
planet that would that went on too long
sure that went on way too long and I
hear that but again his whole arc was
discovering what he wanted to fight for
the whole first movie he was either
running away or just trying to save Rey
that was it that's all he had to fight
for was the lady he had a good chemistry
with ran the first one they had like no
screen time together in this movie that
was weird if you're gonna develop the
new heroes but but he couldn't just be
like Rey the guy who's going after right
he needed a reason to be in the rubella
was why we have oh my god I'm so sorry
which is why we have the casino planet
which I agree is not handled the best
but you do get cute little candy boat
kiddy ponies I did like those kiddy
ponies
and then the whole the whole ray and
Luke stuff was great the the problem is
when they start meeting and it does get
a bit muddled right because like like
like pose lesson was don't be don't be a
don't die a hero live to fight another
day right and then as a as an audience
hold on I'm getting there but then as an
audience we're supposed to go yeah that
was the right call but then Luke
immediately jumps out and dies a hero
and we're supposed to be okay with that
yeah that's muddled mixed messages
muddled muddled well because it's also
it also goes along with that whole the
the older generation is making way for
the new ones and when those two ideas
met in that instance it was super
muddled I agree with that okay this was
what I'm saying
they didn't come together as eloquently
as they should have all of all of the
arcs
I know Mon Mothra had addressed two but
that seemed more like a diplomat her big
white dress didn't it have little didn't
Mon Mothma have like little general tabs
on her white dress don't remember you
don't remember it didn't look like an
evening dress no it looked like a space
dress whereas whereas laura dern looked
like an evening dress you know
ranger xt says after watching the last
Jedi I have to assume there is a
cutscene of three or four porks firing
the other set of guns and the Millennium
Falcon oh oh you know someone a Disney
made that note right somewhere along the
line you know they did I know they did
and I know that someone said no and was
really smart
I liked the ports they that was a that
was perfect toy fodder siren says his
Empire Strikes Back is all about failure
loops get his ass kicked by Vader layin
Hans spin their wheels at Cloud City
before being betrayed and caught it's
more like Empire than people are saying
yeah I agree Empire is is the exact same
thing that it's it's two movies just
about character development we are just
getting prepped for the final movie in
the trilogy no no and I like that what
this felt like to me was a great big
windup and I and so I that's why I liked
it no it felt like a conclusion it was
winding up to nothing no all the
characters are ready now
there's no there's nothing interesting
dramatically to grow off into you only
have growth from here you you have our
small band of rebels who have literally
been abandoned by everyone else that
needs to start fresh and you have kylo
taking over the power vacuum from snow
who him and little pissy what was the
guy's name red hair
I don't honks sure sure you got him in
Huck's who are going to like lead the
the first order as two little brats it's
gonna be great he's gonna chew on all
that scenery he's got a choke on it all
it's gonna be great in Therese chewing
yeah that's that's why he's good
that's why he's good he's a good bad guy
he's a bad guy that you want to get hit
you want him to get slept around sucks
where are the Knights of Ren I could
only assume those are the the red guys
and they were fighting you think I
thought the name of Ren were Jedi's or
Jedi in trainings maybe that's what they
were they had their fought with weapons
like swords and not guns
oh I don't sure were the Knights of Ren
the the people that he ran away with
after he did the temple yes yeah maybe
they're just sitting around somewhere
maybe that's the next movie you know Lux
should have been played by Jia free
right scorn that perfect bad guy who's
just a dickhead all through and through
kylo Ren after the fig turn just seems
so childish and that's our that's our
villain that's her main villain just a
brat is that satisfying our main Ville
is just a bratty kid yeah well I can I
can only assume that you know okay so
much much like the jump from Empire to
Jedi right if you look at the look at
Luke's jump from Empire to Jedi sure
Luke leaves Empire is he's nothing his
hands broken and he comes into Jedi
literally like super cool Jedi guy so I
can only assume in the next movie we're
gonna get a little bit of jump kado is
gonna get a little bit of experience
under his belt and he's going to be that
authority figure and we will have
watched to the transition from branch to
authority figure see kylo Ren being kind
of a a failure and a brat and the force
awakens didn't bother me yeah cuz I
never thought he was gonna be the head
the main villain throughout it okay I
figured they would go a different
direction
I saw them turning him and me
it's something more with snow or
whatever or someone else but I never
thought he was actually going to full-on
be the Darth Vader I thought they're
gonna throw a curve ball in there
somewhere but no he is the Darth Vader
but he's also a childish whiny brat
yeah I think it could work I think it
can work
I mean I just like that I like that
actor so much and it makes it makes
sense like with his connection with Ray
and you know they're the good and the
light they're the balance and you know
it works they have almost the same
personality that whiny fuckin prick in
the prequels is not Darth fucking Vader
yeah he's just like Anakin that's oh god
I hate Star Wars Oh God
at
and you got Tim pot or anything else and
nothing else
any nope is what they want on topics is
anonymous rich Jack or anyone else
remember drop-dead gorgeous 1999 no
laser swords but it's alright
beauty pageant mockumentary with
Minnesotan accents feel like aural feels
like Harlem humor okay bye anonymous
thank you
look my love that says Star Wars has the
word Wars in it its name dictates its
behavior Star Trek has a center NASA not
a synonym for travel and discovery in
its title your opinion are they bound by
their names or I think the Star Trek is
proving that you're not ah
Star Trek is now about constant
unceasing warp
I thought in the first wagons that Kyla
was an interesting take on Darth Vader
but now he's just anakin from the
prequels to me uh I've come to hate him
by the movie not in a good way like I
hate his character now
he turned into Anakin straight out of
Revenge of the Sith I will be powerful
and I'm angry the only I guess the the
only difference is you can see unlike
Anakin you can see where his angst comes
from here
can you why did he hate han Solo and
Leia in the first place because they
they abandoned him right he's a he's a
he's an insecure he's an insecure person
growing up in the shadow of the heroes
of the old whatever right and so they
they abandoned him with Luke Han he had
a couple throwaway line there Luke did
right Han was very Han about it right
which meant that he left and didn't give
a fuck and then the one guy who was
supposed to be teaching him he thinks is
about to kill him in the innocence just
an insecure dude in the throne room when
they had the brief team up with him and
Rey I thought they might do something
interesting with that yeah I mean I
think that was the interesting thing
they did with him right but no I'm evil
and it's gonna be Empire versus rebels
to the Teemo the five second team up the
five second team up
this is interesting dynamic the two of
them working together it's I that's good
oh oh it's not gonna be that he's he's
just gonna be evil damn it oh it's not
too late
I saw too late what I needed to do
no I liked I liked what they I liked
what they had to do in the throne room
and and to me like I said it it made
sense that he would be the opposite of
rain that he would be the one he you
know cuz his his solution his solution
is is almost the same as ray which which
is you know like let's start over yeah
but you know he says let's burn it all
down and Ray's like well no let's build
it all up he's like now we have to kill
everyone let's burn it all down he's
he's every he is that entitled the
entitled brat where he's just like you
know nothing nothing can work we have to
burn it down like that's just bad guy
stuff it works it works brain never
showed any interesting dark side there's
a whole scene in the movie where Luke
shows you the forest and she instantly
gravitates towards the dark side they
did nothing with that no that wasn't her
gravitating towards the dark side Luke
slow spiel about you didn't even resist
it right but that wasn't the dark sir
alright that that was that was the that
was the thing on the island that Luke
feared most which wasn't the dark side
but a literal fucking mirror
it was here Luke didn't Luke didn't want
to confront his own mistakes which was
the mirror in the down there like it was
it was I guess it was the dark side to
move
to be like the evil dark side that was
just the thing Luke feared most which
ray could handle
you do
you know it's gone
jack is painfully right I know
Sorry Sorry oh yeah no you don't have to
get it you don't have to
but it's not like it's not like that
tough you know they're not here they're
not very subtle
fucking wake up do your thing please
and deal with this together
Jack you are true evil yeah like and
like I said there there are very there
are very valid criticisms to be made of
the movie I do think a lot of the
messaging gets muddled as they start
converging on the stories and you know I
do think some are some of the some of
the humor doesn't work although
that's the case then you're free to
finish
right here do I hit
do I hit
what do I do
just dang it
right now
what do you think came
that
just that
spider-man and Schuster you got yourself
a spider-man she's like yes I did I mean
you know quality cheesesteak I'm sure
I have to do this very fucking head
I just do this effect
that's my question
well your experience with boss battles
so far they've been long right yes so
every head
that's what's gonna mesh oh nothing I
dubbed a little bit into the visual
metaphor that was ray in the mirror
which by the way say what you will about
the meaning of that as a cool anything
what did it mean huh what did it mean
Mele just meant a mirror it was just
looking into yourself and your past
mistakes which is what Luke did not want
to do but I just thought the imagery of
her 'la you know like the time snap
thing that was really neat looking
beyond the the visual metaphor but uh
is that
there's a lot of neat looking things in
this movie
fucking every head rich probably I'm
eating a cheese stir well is that string
cheese oh well yeah usually break it up
strip it down the side yeah why are you
happy even better really I think the
only purpose of that is to make it last
longer I mean it's obviously just cheesy
that you choose however you want
oh yeah cuz I'm you tearing off little
bits just to just to extend the cheese
eating experience don't you think
take the time get little cheese strips
instead of instead of big hunk o cheese
that's how I see it
Jack's right oh this is for a change
yeah well welcome to my life I said it
scares me too and then you gets a little
cheese I always you know what part I
like always liked about that is the
little cheese like danglies I was like
the cheese dangles yeah Oh cuz it's
spider-man cheese oh there you go
if we're just taking bites on it that's
fair that's fair
as fare rich I mean obviously wrong but
fair issues with the last Jedi have to
do then I felt like they didn't really
have anything for him to do they didn't
really really didn't Andy will invent
something for him to do this he you know
it's one of those things where my
interpretation of it was Finn's journey
was was finding his reason to fight for
the good side in general because really
all he's had was rape where did he find
that in the casino planet and he saw how
badly the little people were being
treated the young animals the young wing
all right all right and he's like he's
like oh my god there's some shit
happening here that feels weak you sure
sure that's fair
by the way I I will I think that's a
fair criticism super weak
but you know you know you need a
location change and need you need
something for these people to do and and
we all like Finn
Finn's great didn't he get that in the
very first scene of the force awakens
yes yes he did and no no he did not
no he did not what did he get in the
first scene in force awakens he got a
want to run oh god he wanted to run away
in the force awakens
well he got to see the the first order
butchering people yeah and then he and
then he just wanted to get out of it
yeah he didn't want to help anybody he
just wanted to leave okay and then this
is him finding his reason to help what
was it about the kids that made him want
to help but not leaving him as opposed
to watching the latest people to chat
the force awakens I assumed it had
something to do with him being taken as
a kid but I don't I don't know if it was
ever specifically stated but his kids
man
see kids get hurt that's different than
seeing old dudes get hurt
this can't be the end of the game Genet
so you have a Midway boss maybe I mean
this is the boss of legend this is the
boss we introduced a boss behind the
boss or maybe you get beat
after beating the boss fight sure the
effete yeah yeah
what you want
you're right
death metal six one six is rlm a spot on
with their analysis of the last Chennai
Ridge despite you and J saying that
you're not huge Star Wars fans I feel
like you understand Star Wars much
better than most die-hard super fans no
thank you
or we just like different things about
Star Wars entire possibility to know
sure is that a bunch of times I think
the original movies are great but
somewhat less so Jedi but
this time it's lupus is no Star Wars
discussion is ever complete until we get
rich to emphatically explain I fucking
hate Star Wars I really like kylo Ren
and Ray's relationship strongest part of
the movie by far yeah their
conversations were interesting oh yeah I
like that that was shot too the Luke
stuff was interesting
the throne-room stuff was interesting
and then it wasn't cuz it was a neat
fight need fight with all the red dudes
the animals were all terrible and virgin
into prequel territory that was a small
part of it little kitty ponies man you
little kitty ponies
it was all find that I mean that whole
sequence that whole casino planet did go
on for way too long that's just the
truth of it what don't you like about
Return of the Jedi rich and mostly the
indoor stuff or at least the this stuff
of the Ewoks and the moon
yeah it gets a little it gets a little
too cutesy doopsy with the Ewoks and it
probably should have been Han Solo in
the Falcon because I just don't give a
shit about Lando Calrissian Leia Lando
and fish monster it was a trader he
never did enough to redeem himself in my
eyes Lando he blew up the Death Star
oh you mean before that before that yeah
well he said he saved
he saved Han after you know giving him
up did he did he he was part of the
group that part of them part of the
group okay okay part of the group he was
on the news on the floaty thing right he
was there on the floaty thing when when
it was time to save Han and Luke
you wouldn't have to think about why the
first order this because it just yeah
it's Star Wars the bet there's bad guys
and we're fighting the bad guys this
feels like an end this feels like an end
game but it can't be an end game
rich really can't sympathize with
Lando's betrayal I had solved that moral
quandary at six rich obviously that
person is very smart rich Evans holds a
grudge yeah and if somebody betrayed me
yeah to grind a bit of an axe to grind
listen I I don't care if you had a
mining colony to think of and you didn't
have a choice you fucking gave me to
Darth Vader dick oh you had a planet to
think of a fuck you
but what about love
love didn't put my ass and Imperial
torture chamber but think about that
think about that Lando would have been
killed and Darth Vader would have killed
well exactly I think the the the implied
threat was that Darth Vader was gonna
shut down the entire mining operation
putting possibly hundreds or thousands
of people out of a job possibly killing
that many people write that Lando was in
charge of he wasn't just a smuggler
anymore Lando was in charge of people
Jack what did you think about screw
sacrificing yourself for the rebellion
it's love that will really save us I
thought that was hysterical when she was
saying that as the laser that was going
to help kill all of her friends was
going off in the background the laser
that she prevented thin from destroying
I thought that was hysterical you know I
guess I guess here's the thing you know
yeah muddled that's that's that yeah I'm
with you that's a super valid criticism
and I'm super with it very muddled I I
guess do we know that he would have
damaged it in any way had he just run
into it oh yeah right
or what or was once again was Finn just
looking for a way out was he just
looking to run the hell of a way out
confrontation that are run James he's no
I mean he was good that was like suicide
by a laser battering ram
that's what Finney was doing no yeah
obviously I'm I can be with you in there
that was kind of lame I have no I don't
even have like an arty farty bullshit
way to explain that like Poe turning
back like Poe turning back you can kind
of like a as find out how that works out
but uh Rose saving Finn I got nothing
that was just kind of lame I'm with you
he would have damaged it based 100% on
randy quaid logic push level you are
absolutely correct you would never mind
then then rose fucked everything in
movie logic and it is a movie he would
have succeeded using a movie logic using
movie logic he and not only that he
probably actually would have the
explosion would have hurt all of the the
80 80s and the ship so he actually could
have really dealt a big blow flying a
tiny rickety ship into a beam that is
designed to destroy a giant metal door
yeah but obviously destroy the beam but
in movie logic that's what happened of
course of course
well that's what I'm going on where it's
like maybe maybe what they were thinking
they were maybe they were thinking too
logically about that and not thinking in
movie logic where they were saying well
if Finn were to fly his ship into that
the ship would be disintegrated and he
wouldn't make it like maybe it would
have blown up the camera yeah and I can
it was really powerful maybe that would
have blown up the ship the kylo Ren was
in that's what handed the whole fucking
war right there boom no and Hux and and
all those troopers I've all gone the
whole war is over and they want him
thanks to Finn yep he had to sacrifice
himself fucking Rose robbed him of being
a hero yeah the hero the hero the one
spoken about in legend yeah the the once
stormtrooper the man who turned away
from the evil and saved us all from
tyranny yeah
but love Jack you know what she came
with a little smoochy futures so it's
all good like post screams at Finn that
there's no way they can take that cannon
out but Finn ignores it okay what was
the purpose of Rose okay movies like
romance
sure uh ray was hanging along out with
Finn a lot the first movie but now they
were going to be separated for almost
the entire film uh-huh so you want
romance
you want to give Finn something to do
yep and they weren't willing to do the
POE Finn romance right so I'm here's a
girl dude that's why Rose would you put
the girl in there and girl takes Finn
right yeah if it needs something to do
with some of the duel with me want a
romance
yeah you go you either give him a girl
or a sassy talking computer and there's
enough sassy talking robots
so yeah you give him the girl yeah yeah
she was she was Finn's she was Finn's
guide into the world of caring about
those less fortunate which is fine she
was the obi-wan of orphans
that's what Rose was I'm sure there's a
pun in there somewhere but I can't I
couldn't think I was hoping it would
come to me as I said it the obi-wan of
orphans but I couldn't think of it
Wolfie one Kenobi
oh are you kidding the world is so ready
the world was ready for Finn and Poe to
be together before the movie came out
you know that's not entirely true
I don't stock true I think it would have
made it would have it would have made
for some very interesting reviews the
next day
what
what should have been Kyle Oh infant
yeah it was fine the whole thing was
fine everything everything about the
movie is fine I enjoyed it
I'm looking forward to seeing again I
will say this you know it's stunning
imagery I'm gonna start with a
compliment and turn it into a little bit
of a David least is the the imagery of
the all of these shattered ships after
laura dern does the light jump kamikaze
run that was fucking great it was a
fucking great moment I think I was
telling you about this the crowd I saw
it in a theater everybody who's good
like every people gasped in the theater
it was great it was a great movie
theater going experience moment and it
looked gorgeous just the shattered ships
the the builds up the the cool the sound
cuts out beautiful right but if running
your ship into other ships at Lightspeed
is such an effective weapon why don't
they do that all the time Jack you saw
the way they tried to bomb that
dreadnought right they might not be the
smartest tactician you're right you're
right are you saying like that one ship
took out like eight of theirs it was
great it was great that a lot of great
imagery bad news everyone says what did
everyone in Arlen think of Laura Dern
suicidal hyperspace maneuver doesn't
mean that whatever side does that first
hit a space battle automatically wins
from now on we just talked about that
hey that was good by the way that was
great timing you can't you can't you
can't apply logic to the space battles
in Star Wars it's not there it never has
been honestly the ships don't move like
real ships in space would move in the
first damn place they move like
airplanes yeah
and they wouldn't be using laser beams
everything would be some kind of guided
missile yeah I it's never been
logical space combat although the
fantasy space combat they did they did
do a quasi logical space ship moving
this one but if I was super badass you
know pose written the first run on the
dread-nots yeah when he's taking out all
the little guns and then he cuts off his
engines and like does a flippy thing and
yeah shoots back that's so cool I like a
wind ships move fast it was a pretty
collision Mizzou was the suicide run
he's a pretty collision it looked really
great as might take a lot of the movie
looked really good is what I'm saying
that fucking the the red salts under the
snow and then you get that bit after the
battle you get that big overhead shot
that's just like it looks like a big
wound be like Oh visual metaphors it's
nice man it's all nice how did you get
excited about anything well if you cut
it earlier in the stream it was getting
really excited about guardians of the
galaxy - you were telling me you were
watching how he really liked it dreamer
TK I'm not a Disney boner shell I think
I might be a Rian Johnson Michele well I
got to watch all of his other movies I
think he's good this is the first ryan
johnson movie I've seen so maybe he's
just a really good film that good
I am a 4:20 are says hi guys while
playing some of my backlog I have been
enjoying some older streams that I
originally missed thanks to the hours
and hours and hours of entertainment
happy holidays
you're welcome hey happy holidays I do
entertain you at how this entertains you
but glad to entertain would you urge us
all that we're just here I'm just here
having a great time look my love lick my
love bit says have you ever heard of
cups they're great for years I drank
directly from the open eye sockets of
dead fish stall attendees but presently
I discovered cups
hooray for cups okay we're just drinking
right out of cans fine I mean containers
in general right whoo way to go find
things yeah he did he did the Brothers
Bloom loop
and brick and I got to go back and see
him see all his movies mama says you do
not have to see the Han Solo movie
please do not give their garbage any
money sorry Ron Howard PS rich I hope
you use this two dollars for Blade
Runner 20 49 which comes out on digital
Tuesday true-blue reviews is one theory
I've seen do you think ken was trying
oh you think ken was lying to Rey the
parents really are important like she
thinks yeah also do you think they'll
turn out to be related after all or will
they fall in love I don't know I don't
know man
but as as I'm not particularly as I'm
kind of sick and tired of the chosen one
yeah I'm kind of glad that her parents
were just sucks and not you had this
daughter of the super important people
in the magic Jedi lines alive within you
today well and and we get we get
reinforcement of that idea with the
broom boy at the end right who's just
some some fucking slave stableboy and he
and he does the magic grab the broom
with the Jedi phone yes and so it's like
I think that was a purposeful move I
think Rian Johnson really wanted her
parents to be you know meth heads or
whatever they were and Disney was like
can you just write it in a way where
just in case later on boob wanna you
wanna you know fudge the details you can
do it say okay well how about kind of
says it and then and it's not it's not a
sitting stuff and as far as they think
they will fall in love no no that this
movie closed the door on even even a
tragic love story yeah that's that doors
closed kylo Ren went from being
interesting to being prequel anakin in
an in a space of a scene
I mean a cut really just like an edit
and he's there but now know when he's
whining about Luke and saying everybody
shoot him that was so car totally stupid
yeah that was so that was so prequel
Anakin
that was that was angst man that was
that was that was that was lashing out I
like I don't want to grew through just
because I don't think prequel Anakin was
handled correctly as a character and so
I just don't want those I could see
characteristics being the same but here
it's handled well nothing like that ever
happened in the prequels what Anakin
ranting about how he will kill the ball
and then killing them then killing them
all or vice versa no nothing like that
ever happened in the prequels or you
know Anakin well anagen certainly wasn't
a horrible character and Anakin didn't
just yell for no reason because he was
frustrated that that's something he
would never do or you know murder a
bunch of kids he'd never do them and the
women and the children too
fuck you all o valiant bloodshot's is
talking about Star Wars is making me
want to kill myself me too
you're almost done we're almost do topic
if net neutrality goes away will that
affect your streams and production of
online videos in that there will be less
content I don't know what kind of direct
effect that would have and how long it
would have to take effect I don't know
right theoretically it's possible yeah
theoretically it's possible
Fiat theoretically it would affect our
viewership harshly where what if you you
know what if they change your internet
package where YouTube isn't a part of
your internet package and you have to
pay extra to access the YouTube page
YouTube is part of the premium package
and that's an extra $80 right and then
you say well I you know Netflix is part
of the super package YouTube part of the
premium package I'll just go super and
then we lose half our audience because
they don't want to pay for the premium
package it's possible but yeah like RIT
said we don't there's nothing we know
right now and I mean we could we could
even get hit on our side for uploading
videos well you know if you want to if
you want upload speed that's gonna it's
gonna be a whole nother thing but
blossom it could it could be Niko cozec
I just wanted to wish you a fun holiday
and a happy new year thank you - shootin
Jaime I think says keep trying to crack
keep trying to congratulate you on X
thousands of followers so happy
pre-emptive 35k did you expect this much
of a following slash success when you
started I always expect to fail horribly
because I'm rich Evans no no no
I don't know what to expect with
streaming this is mostly your idea this
screaming I got sure why not
no I'm Justin I'm just excited we can do
this to people watch people play video
games I I'm shocked
that we are that this is working out so
yeah you know it's been it's been great
I think you know it's it's growing and
that's always positive
Groff McMillan Teresa's evening guys
getting ready for the holidays watching
all the best Christmas classics the
Grinch original Christmas story and best
of the worst canon movie classics
Charles Bronson kills everyone yes it
does still not as good as the elves
episode elves Santa Claus and National
Lampoon's Christmas vacation - oh my god
it's our best Christmas episode they're
followed by the Canon Christmas and I
was a hurricane christen but how can you
top just elves and Santa Claus right you
don't you don't don't you we never could
I mean and we and we never will but
we'll keep on trying the farce awakened
sense guardians to was about rejecting
adulthood and Freddie and father issues
the last Jedi was about muddying the
difference between light and dark side
of the force
no it was actually you might have that
backwards it was about people who were
muddying it and now they've tried to the
new generation is clearing up that money
yeah so you might have that a little
backwards rich why do you think
guardians two was better than the last
Jedi characters I like more good music a
humor that actually hits more in a more
interesting villain better climax
better not better climax a saner story
structure all right yeah I'll give you
that one
it didn't look like one climax then
awkwardly a second climax 30 minutes
later a number of reasons I do tire of
James I mean more interesting visuals
even it had it did have the vista's
Guardians do so myspace colors
everything was rainbow II know if some
did some deesis of these and visuals and
guardians to I am ever tired of James
Gunn's undercut a dramatic or emotional
moment with someone making a joke bit
that happens 28 times a second in
guardians to and that gets a little
boring
someone in the chat is saying better
climax hahahahaha as opposed to the
freaking the last Jedi with its throne
room thing and then later on a hologram
Luke versus Peter quill you know
standing up to literally the cancer that
killed his mother Peter quill training
personified for Peter quill turning into
a big goofy pac-man sure yeah it was fun
I enjoyed that more had a far stronger
emotional impact on me yeah it did both
it's fine yeah I feel for you but I
guess Star Wars the Star Wars on it so
yeah I just you know I'm not that kind
of person I didn't much care for the
guardians or the guardians to last Jedi
climax is better which one
it's so awkward when the movie didn't
end what it should have ended its
tantric its tantric climax a new hitch
I can't be that kind of person I openly
hate rogue one I openly openly and
violently hate rogue one every aspect of
it and have admitted these several
problems that the last Jedi had tonight
so I'm not that kind of I'm not a
sycophant bad news everyone
and then we're caught up it says in the
force awakens why didn't all our heroes
die when Han Solo went to hyperspace
while the fog was still in the car and
that in the Bay of his cargo ship Ezri
and Johnson seen Star Wars the space
Wizards were protecting them uh it
doesn't matter man
what do you want to Shh what what did it
warp in the cargo bay was the door open
yeah the door was open why is this a
problem because they're idiots
have you seen Star Wars there was
nothing in front of him when he warped I
remember he warped the Falcon out of the
cargo bay but the door was open so look
look Star Wars doesn't give a fuck about
logical issues like that with science
right fantasy space swords is what's
important in the Star Wars absolutely a
and the only thing that's okay
here is the point of the stream where we
read the names it's true of the people
who have subscribed during the stream
during this very stream we're gonna read
all your names and then we're gonna be
gone for a bit then we're gonna take a
little break a little a little break so
uh thank you for subscribing atomic
mousetrap for 15 months in Rome Jimmy
lays Doyle age 7 one who says merry xmas
and Happy New Year in case you don't
stream again this year room B for 18
months in a row says Merry Christmas and
Happy New Year thanks for all the
streams you're welcome x mote annum
Shawn for 27 fucking months in a row
says I have disagreements with some of
your views so I shall now do nothing
about it because I am either a sensible
adult or lazy all right we'll take
either that's fine yeah do be sandwich
who says sorry for all the hate man
you're getting Ricardo though I'm sure
it's nothing new for you this has been a
sobering year for all of us not just
Star Wars but so many things so all of
us need to get our shit together have a
swell new year yow leste everybody get
your shit together we'll see you next
we'll get it together we'll all meet
next to your with our shit together ok
that's funny
kaleidoscope 20 says happy Christmas and
Happy Holidays rich and jackin everyone
else in check Oh somebody no one's check
this binds us all together also force
rigea were spot on in the last Jedi half
in the bag our lemon prereq have been
steadily killing it but what what are
your guys favorite Johnny Cash song he's
he's got a pretty mean cover of hurt
yeah yeah it is man comes around that
that hole what was that volume Araucana
volume Warner I'm an old man and I'm not
gonna have too many more songs left
because I'm very old album yeah well
like his resurgence out that one where
he's just like I'm gonna cover a bunch
of other songs but do it in like an old
sad man way no I think it was quite bad
what you do it it sounds like he's
actually about to die
they did ik it cut it together from his
death Noda is deathly squeaks what was
that song called or the album what was
that album called wasn't his song but
I'm kind of fond of the highwayman the
highwayman he sung what are the verses
in it just talk about reincarnation okay
someone different sang every verse he
was like reincarnated into someone else
oh sure yeah America it was just called
America if we're gonna go with his
original songs I got a soft spot for boy
named Sue that's good song that's just a
nice that's a fun song yeah yeah it's a
fun premise for a song hello my name is
sue and I'm gonna kill eyes great oh
gosh - okay here we are
Liz andis who says what is Santa's
favorite place to deliver presents Idaho
oh oh that's fine sure it's a fine joke
it's are billions ah mourn 4-6-2 culture
fist four stars out of 50 for 20 fucking
months in a row says better old school
first person shoot this is all you yeah
so what's better quake dark forces
return to capital castle wolfenstein I'm
very quick yeah yeah okay haven't played
Return to Castle Wolfenstein so I can't
speak on that okay so then it's Quaker
dark forces and uncle quake all right
that's fair gutter stars for twenty four
fucking months in a row says smiley
emoji yeah I think that's like big
smiley burnt : D and capital D whichever
yeah that's like big mouth smiles oh
that's not just smiley emoji that's like
it's like ah that's creepy smiling yeah
no Rukh Ben who says happy holidays boys
unwrap this free Amazon money my gift to
you didn't enjoy my first viewing of the
last Jedi but I blame my five-year-old
for pissing every 20 minutes yeah I
listen I think I talked about this
beforehand like we went when the kids
were at school yeah we're just like you
know fucking we're gonna take smile and
then it was great my wife left are you
going to take them shit yeah but I'll
wait till like after the new year and
it's just like you know this weights it
will weigh to the crowds to die down
we'll find another early morning showing
and they're so obsessed with Poor's
already just based on the fucking truck
they dying to see the movie no they're
just they just want ports the port so
weird you know it works advertisement
works let's see maybe next time I'll
appreciate it a little bit more yes
never been it's much it's much better
going to movie without your kids
Hey look my lovebirds
Don Mong dango does she just this guy
you
and grab more than one okay - it's just
in case uh uh just this guy you know for
36 motherfucking months in a row
whoo-hoo I love that gun powder snow and
hey can I not turn it off no that's
that's the wrong listen I thought I hit
the button and the confetti just gets
lighter is the confetti just getting
lighter and she'd be on her off right
those it's just so happen that there's
rose petals from the games I was
wondering why the confetti wasn't
laughing and just this guy you know says
I have children younger than this
subscription thank you congratulations
rhythm gardener
Gino suave for 12 months in a row
Captain James May for 16 months in a row
DJ man 1975 Shibboleth for 15 months in
a row says in case you ever wondered if
it's a good idea to move when it's close
to Christmas I'd tell you now that it is
not I'm sorry sorry for your trouble zim
bONIES embalm be
and bum knee let's get Eddie to rumble
let me do that better now let's get
Eddie to Rumbo for 14 months in a row
because just 14 months me and I get a
fucking no no halls variety pack for 31
fucking months in a row says you know
what I can't think of anything funny or
witty to say so fuck it I have had a
toothache last weekend the flu this week
so all I will say is thank fuck it is
nearly Christmas and your Christmas and
New Year be merry and bright LOL jingle
my bells merry Christmas to you too ha
variety back-alley Raza for 22 fucking
months in a row says Kent State tonight
off to play pandemic legacy season 2
jacket on that season 1 is the best
rated board game of all time also
Christmas sucks
I tried playing that pandemic a legacy
once and it just didn't work out he left
a bad taste in my mouth insert clever
username here but just mean captain is
or Oh cat flu
Lloyd beats for 39 motherfucking months
in a row
who says lost my job in August and I
think I just landed an amazing new
position thanks for keeping me sane well
congratulate good limey or you know good
luck break a leg
don't break a leg is heaven probably be
a bad thing to start a new job and break
your leg immediately jack oh it's not in
the theater Oh unless the job happens to
be in the theater what if the job is in
the theater that's why I'm done breathin
if you're gonna be on stage acting as
your job that break if not that's a bad
thing unless their new job has helped
this is theater superstitions yes if
eclis okay you're right sorry Laurie
beets I don't want you to enjoy yourself
we do not want you to break a leg yeah
that's right
unless you've got a job as an actor and
you're gonna be on a stage or even in a
theater then break a leg what if he's
doing like advert
for a theatre come up people not know
what we're talking about that in theatre
it's a good luck to say break a leg and
it's bad luck to say good luck yeah you
never you never want to give people like
you know like encouragement right before
they go on oh you're gonna do great no
no no it's people no matter we're just
confusing people I don't know if that's
a thing anymore so yeah in the theater
he said break a leg
hoping obviously that they don't break
away all right all right all right
that's Lloyd beats him
okay sausage toes for 36 motherfucking
months in a row sausage toe says myth
suggests 22 Madness PU for 35 fucking
months a neurosis one more month to go
happy holidays Jack rich and Jeff happy
holidays everybody
Zen toast for 15 months in a row
specialist 443 motherfucking months in a
row
sir brain-damaged Brandon use some brawn
deluge Randolph the RAM Oh sir brain
damage Oh
but not smelled like brain or damage
right sir brain damage
Randolf the rad it's clever it is it is
so this hello my friends and happy
fucking holidays what's the last movie
that made you feel emotions good or bad
and tear up like a punk baby love your
brothers well what what do you mean by
emotions like those sad emotions the
tear up this is specifically teared up
specific teared up they said teared up
so I assume they mean OH
and they said emotions good or bad well
but then they said teared up then you
feel emotions watching anything we
watched some stuff last night that just
made me feel blah right right
very very blah the last movie that made
me cry
hairy blah oh wait till you got weighed
when you guys just wait the last movie
that made me cry was the big sick seeing
that I saw that in the theater and I
weep for that I mean what's the last
film I made you cry her up or even
coming close to it I have a mommy of
that far problem
yeah I mean Yellin do it that would do
it
where are we oh here we go
I might think of another at some point
but where this is not a good time for
stopping to think about every movie I've
seen more 10 years right which one's a
bit Christ oh sure Kotaro alts deletes
down okay look up way fool gone wild
Alger not losses hijack and rich I
discovered rlm earlier this year and
have thoroughly enjoyed the bevy of
contents on count on backup oh yeah
thanks for everything
hope you both have a great Christmas
Happy New Year thank you Greg earn oh 12
nice hug get tanned geeky gamer 5 for 15
months I'm nailing the moment rumors and
the weird spelling rich you fit you
cracked the code Zack of the axes who
says my friends and I call the casino
planet the prequel planets it's a good
name for it
Turkish Lord of the twerk for 14 months
in a row says thank you have all these
months of friends simulating they could
have done something
Goethe boy on tricks says you've taken
seven months worth of my money here's to
the next seven we'll take it
Owen Thunder comes rich de Pasquale TLS
10 times to Wren gone 99s happy holidays
may the poor just be with you t Burke 83
that was my poor frabjous Magnum and
coffee for mana thank you for
subscribing really appreciated it's true
we really do any other look my love bits
is night night and thank you for
answering my questions I have enjoyed
this you're welcome
and that's it okay well happy and safe
holidays everyone
I I won't be around next Sunday yep I'll
probably be here the Wednesday after
that I should be I'll be here the
Wednesday after them the 27 is that the
27th it's a 27 don't make any promises
you can't keep
I will likely be there on that Wednesday
if not I'll move it to another day I'll
have you you just let me know I love
them I'm trying to organize some family
members to go out and visit my uncle
sure and I know my brother's not Friedel
after Christmas so the 27th might be the
day absolutely
but if they're little we'll plan
tentatively for me being there that
Wednesday
if not I'll do a makeup the day before
after I'll have Jack tweet it out you
just can follow us on the 12 us on the
twitch stream and and I see a
last-minute subscriber here Adam Agee
thank you for subscribing
and then merry holidays
