Mar 29, 2017
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/847175263981068288

[Part I]
we actually started the stream what
times like six yeah we've been going for
an hour and a half who have no idea we
weren't on you get you guys missed some
great material we're actually just
getting ready to call it a wrap yeah
because my throat was sore again all
that fucking material is gone yeah it
was great it was really good shit so but
we just want to say we just want to say
thanks everyone for coming out you know
know hey welcome everybody hopefully
everybody got a chance to see the the
Zelda prereq which is the longest prereq
to date by a longshot
because as we are lots of fun to talk
about well a simple thing it wasn't a
simple thing that was our second filming
that was our second filming of the
discussion because our first discussion
wasn't good enough because we tried to
do with you know all that we had to talk
about we tried to do it without any kind
of notes or an outline it was a terrible
idea it was a terrible mistake so we
made notes and you know even the review
came out 26 days after the release so if
we can't be first goddamnit were gonna
be thorough
yeah yes we say that but I saw one on
the recommender and they you know the
related videos yeah hour and a half yeah
so we couldn't even do that there were a
couple bits that weren't necessarily
important to the discussion that I cut
out specifically so I could make
separate videos so I can make some
prereq extras oh you just talking about
the Wii U versus those switch there's
there's that and there is you discussing
link as a character that will make a
perfect two standalone video okay okay I
think that you know what I didn't notice
that wasn't in there right right because
everything flows without it and you know
we talked for an hour and 45 minutes
about The Legend of Zelda and got an
hour
episode of its you know you enjoyed the
lightning striking gag you know who
didn't enjoy that me because I didn't
understand that you had to take off your
metal shield all of a sudden all of a
sudden lightnings started to twitch
around me and I got so scared but uh I'm
very sorry
it's alright it's okay no we got loved
the vids visual gags and screenshot of
the monitors it oh yeah so by the way he
rich yeah we put it we play the game I
played the game for 60 hours you played
the game for 120 hours yeah I'm going to
say including the import and export time
I have at least 40 45 hours of editing
yeah to make that episode yeah put in
all that work put in all that hard work
to express our feelings on the game yeah
and Nintendo swoops down and says I'm
gonna take the money for that oh yeah oh
yeah cuz that's how it works
why would you want to review a Nintendo
game there's no good reason but the
savior of the evening is you're the
hunter from the future so about two
minutes after the episode was uploaded
to YouTube Nintendo put a claim on it
right and I knew that was a possibility
and I know it was an inevitability well
you know what luckily like so sometimes
we get claims on stuff and sometimes
they will restrict viewing areas for
videos with claims on them Nintendo
didn't do that they just monetize it for
themselves and so I said well everyone
can watch it now be okay with that
right yeah but then just this afternoon
Sony also put a claim on it because I
use that clip from your hunter from the
future so Sony and Nintendo now get to
fight for that ad revenue good yeah
we're involved we Jim sterling dit
we are guided by the hand of Jim so yeah
so that's the story but hey it's out I
can rest well I watched I watched an
episode of Supergirl this afternoon it
was great we'll see how this stream goes
I know you're fried I am so fucking
fried rich it's like we could not do
Phoenix right and you can take it easy
but then then then we have a riot on our
hands
we didn't play more Phoenix right after
not even getting to the trial portion no
I'm I'm SuperDuper fried you know you
get into you get into an editing groove
how do we know how many hours we had
Enzo eject the switch has an hour
counter people don't know how to find
that I've seen multiple comments in
places oh yeah yeah if you go to your
profile you know so on the switch the UI
you know there's the games and then
there's all the little options
underneath the games go up to your
profile picture in the top left corner
of the screen if you click on that and a
list of all the games you've recently
played is is right there under your
profile picture look up if you go to
your profile menu and that's that's how
you can find out how many hours you
haven't game I don't think it starts
counting until you're like over 15 or 10
or something really like I'm playing
Isaac on the switch now because of
fucking course I am and it doesn't show
how many hours I have an Isaac yet but I
think I'm still under 10 can we cut in
game footage from the room yes we could
but then people are going to enjoy
watching that they're not saying the
thing we're talking about it's important
yeah
here part of part of the the upside of
doing a video game review show unlike
you know like for example what what Jane
might do with half in the bag is we can
cut to specific examples of the things
we're talking about yeah and I love that
actually we'll get to Phoenix in a
second sorry
we're just going to talk about the
episode for a little bit
thanks Griffin thanks for coming I I
watched your old game station episodes
because you know cuz we had that little
right the little joke I watched them
horrible your old game station well I
you know me I love I love the set and I
love the setup yeah yeah
but Jay and Mike were editing those and so
they didn't they they just used random
gameplay footage as you were talking
about it they didn't cut to the specific
gameplay footage and oh I was watching
that just going cut he's talking about
the shotgun fucking cut to him using the
shotgun they're not gamers right right
right now gamers right and so that's
part of the things we have we have the
opportunity I record all this gameplay
footage just so we can specifically show
it to talk about it did you post the
review here on Twitch also no I guess we
could twitch does allow you to upload
videos now yeah I'm just not doing that
is that something you guys would want is
that something you guys would want
people might stumble on us who have no
idea about our YouTube stuff or even red
letter media stuff that's true
oh also speaking of watching old game
station episodes uh-huh watching I want
to say it's in the was the first one
Skyward Sword was that's the first
episode okay what was your number in
game station 682 it was unit 603 idiots
603 idiot yeah you didn't know that
that's one of our that's one of our
reference switch users I didn't know it
was a reference to you on gaming
stations but it just so happens to be in
the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword
episode that might goes
unit yeah Mike calls her unit 603 idiot
and I said oh my god I thought that was
great
you know our viewers know more
references than I do
so many references
what kind of Arlen fan am i a mild one
the thing he's not a fan he's a he's a
friend I have not seen every single
thing our alum has ever produced yeah
yeah that's just that's just true where
did I get the bee in my bonnet shirt I
subscribe to the they might be giants
newsletter email newsletter and they
offer to be a limited run bee in your
bonnet t-shirt and you know what it's no
longer for sale and I love my bee in
your bonnet t-shirt subscribe to the VAE
Might Be Giants newsletter also I
realized that for previously recorded I
wore two they might be giants in a row
ya know where my flood one yeah I wore
my B my bonnet one I have another one
you're flying your flag Jack I got one
more They Might Be Giants shirt I might
wear it next episode just to keep the
trilogy up I got I got a sciences real
shirt you do that Jack and I might you
do that I don't know what the fuck the
next one's gonna be what I don't know
what the fuck the next one's gonna be
right I'm so burnt out I'm so fucking
burnt out I need I need a full day of of
watching TV and movies before I can even
think about playing a video game again
leave this mute mute this Oh
mute this hey guys we're mute arm
ice-rich wants us to mute the mic ready
and we're back okay now we now we have a
plan hold hold on for one moment I need
to I need to set a quick release I'm
gonna mute it again
okay and we're back again the stream has
officially jumped to the sharp after the
shark the sharp shark
abso-fucking-lutely all rise
continue that wrinkle had we find those
mics
it was so fucking weird we rich and I
sat down we were already start stream
all right let's start streaming and
their mics were not here these
microphones and it was very confusing so
they were used for something else
recently exclamation exclamation point
wet as is one of my favorite a heck but
that wet ass is smooth as butter ah
that's great solid delivery I thank you
crime doesn't end of steel your tip
money if you stream your games they
won't steal our tip money and they won't
steal our twitch ad revenue but they
will steal our YouTube revenue for when
it gets cut up for your team yeah okay
from save points I guess
oh I think I'm or the judge was Sean
Connery if I remember correctly look up
the court Sean Connery
yay hello there that's Sean Connery hold
on I'm gay I'm finding it I'm finding
him Monday morning I got a feel I got
him I got your did no wrong that's true
why don't you want to do that bow and
get to know me well hello there money
bunny Court is now in session for the
trial of mr. willpower prosecution is
ready your honor
I forgot that increments from it so it's
gonna be uncertain the defense is ready
your honor
very well mr. Edgeworth your opening
statement please
the prosecution will show the court that
at 2:30 p.m. on October 15th defended
mr. will powers killed fellow actor jack
hammer in studio one global studios and
as possible for anyone else to have it
is this genious crime impossible
possible right of course the evidence
presented during the trial will
wallplate to this fact your honor
very good I'd like to move on to some
testimony mr. eckworth the prosecution
may call its first witness that
jean-marie that Sean Connery is so bad
you could claim that as a wholly
original voice oh great then I than it
is it's like it's it's Sean Connery
doing a Bain impression well I'm old man
Bain
maybe that's words from Graham
very well why I call the most familiar
face detective Sonny burns to the stand
detective you would briefly describe
this case to the court yes sir I'll
explain the guide map here to understand
this case it's important to grasp the
layout of the studio see see here this
is the employee area ok the actors that
are run-through of the action scenes
during the morning here this is the maid
gate to the studios the security lady
that works at the studios was there at
1:00 p.m. on the day of the crime which
does not pay what doesn't pay crying oh
sure that's true they couldn't read that
last those are best past that of the
studios and here it is studio one mmm
this is the scene of the murder where
the body was found
I freaked you now on the day of the
murder October 15th there were only
three people here the victim jackhammer
I just got that the defendant like my
powers are you saying you just got that
his name kind of sounds like a tool for
busting up concrete that is exactly what
I'm saying yes your honor did you also
get that will powers is kind of like the
human in the human ability to endure
well oh my god do you get that I I did
now you rata it's pretty great the
defendant will powers and a young woman
the production assistant all the
production staff were in the employee
area until noon then after lunch the
victim Jack Hanna oh look the little V
went over there one Jack Hanna went to
studio one
right after that and 1:00 p.m. the
security lady got to the god station now
jump ahead to late that day 5 p.m. the
production staff came to studio 1 to
perform a rehearsal needless to say the
rehearsal was canceled the time the
death was 2:30 p.m. the samurais spear
as its so called
found lodged in the victims chest was
the murder weapon
hmm that's the case in brief in my
briefs any would like to hear that again
listen to that whole thing again
do we need do we need to pay attention
this time really you know I got it you
got it I think I can probably remember
that yes so the murder weapon was a
spear how medieval I've been drinking
samurais beer added to the court record
your honor
yeah Your Honor this case is quite
simple if you ask one question and that
question is what did the security lady
at the Guard Station see understood
watch call this security officer up to
the stand
excuse me could I talk to the detective
who's already on the stand about his
testimony no because I'm pretty sure
that's how it works
look we're just going straight to the
security lady all right he's Oh cause
like I could have asked that gar or the
the officer some questions you know
will the witness declare her name
aren't you a handsome fellow when we
thank you very flattering we'll get you
everywhere I'm afraid I'm a bit
flustered your your name please ma'am
I'm very very upset Oh Deary no need for
you to be embarrassed just call me
grandma your name please ma'am
seems Edgeworth has a bit of trouble
getting his witnesses to say their name
windy old big Deary
Wendy old big oh yeah you see I still
the other children would make fun of me
believe it but ready Roberta the captain
suggested he called me an old banger
describe me objection objection I object
to the witness witness is talkative this
III didn't press any buttons there by
the way she just kept on the object in
ships danger Jesus Christ shut that
bitch up the witness will refrain from
rambling on the stand I was just getting
to the good part dear perhaps we can get
to the testimony now the witness was
stationed at the main gate on the day of
the murder correct yes and to get to the
scene of the matter someone would have
to pass by you oh you know your stuff do
you
you may be gained you're attached about
him she sure is one hell of an old
moaning okay all right all right all the
day of the murder
I arrived at the Guard Station at 1:00
p.m.
poor old hammer and the rest had been
doing their run-throughs there since the
morning I well I had some errands to run
that morning you know anyway it was
around one o'clock when I got to the
Guard Station I was at the main gate is
from main gate from then until five
o'clock now the murder happened at 2:30
p.m. right interesting to me because a
certain man walked right by me at 2:00
p.m. it was powers that man right there
and he was headed towards the studio you
saw the defendant then very well I guess
he's guilty all done here okay
cross-examination presser I think I
think we can always press okay let's do
it
so up until that time anyone who wanted
to go into the studio well there wasn't
a security guard at the gate no Oh
interest about the main gate was logged
Deary you'd need an employee guard key
to get in all right
the car key that I have what she's
saying is no one who wasn't supposed to
be there could get him was there anyone
at the studios when you arrived at the
guard station like already there right
ball rolled hammer and the rest had been
doing a run through this since the
morning a run through what does that
mean I've never heard this expression
before they were working out a scene
between the steno samurai in the evil
they got the basics figured out by noon
and we to use the afternoon for practice
rehearsal was supposed to start at 5
o'clock that's why the poor old hammer
went to studio one in the afternoon I
was in his dressing room sleeping when
he was supposed to be practicing talk
about a laid-back hero if there was he
run through in the morning why did you
only get there after noon hey I'm well I
had some errands to run that morning
what kind of errands oh well you know no
what kind of errands actually I was
watching Paul hammer and powers
observing you know observing weren't you
supposed to be at the Guard Station but
whatever I told you I lock the gate ghin
died I did my job
Sonny so I'm not sure your boss would
see it that way anyway I always watch
hammers run-throughs
never missed one in all my years Wow I
want to see steel Samurai run through -
why the fuck am I here bad idea
no not a bad idea my get out goodbye
anyways it was one o'clock when I got to
the guard station
did you see the victim then did I see
poor old Haman OOP he'd already been
gone at the studio before I got back to
the Guard Station jealous would he have
been next I was at the main gate
from then until five o'clock I assure
you I'm just not seeing anything shag
ohad if you're not seeing any video but
hearing us that's weird
if you don't see your stream just
refresh hit refresh on the thing we are
streaming let's see so you were watching
there the whole time no breaks not even
for a second
no girls oh yeah but professional you
know except for when I leave to watch
hot sweaty men roll around besides that
totally professional or are you
criticizing how I do my job woman's
never know it's just after seeing you
eating those donuts in the guard station
yesterday oh I can watch the gate and
eat donuts at the same time snip a
wrapper
that's not how it goes
old windbags losing it Nick why don't
you raise an objection so the witness
was on duty through the afternoon the
whole time very well what did you see
now the murder happened at 2:30 p.m.
right how did you know that
that overdressed young detectives over I
fed him some donuts and he talked and
talked if you ask me that detective
isn't cut out for his job hey Sonny
Bonds is in the back of the court just
eating doughnuts hmm poor detective
gumshoe getting ratted out by a security
guard can we look at our inventory at
any point here we can present evidence
well I don't think we have anything I
don't know what we have to present I
don't remember what we have in our
inventory it's been a few days we have
the autopsy report we have the guide man
we cannot look at it it's a sealed
envelope time of death at 2:30 peers
through the chest nice for you look your
everything I just when I'm sure over
here we'll start over on okay here
so the autopsy report the guide map okay
the card key we have
the powers is photo taken from the gate
between the entrance of the studios and
oh the samurai spear what was in the
photo remember that's the can't get a
closer look at it
today that shows him it doesn't show his
face and it shows him all dressed up
okay but it does show someone with the
spear and spear that's what we got a
close-up of that phone was it the same
spirit maybe no wait check now there we
go yeah
where are our notes in my in my head
here are your notes alright let's let's
show this photo shows them with the mask
on right yes anybody can be in that mask
let's present you want to present it I
want to present the photo okay let me
get this straight old bag or mrs. old
bugger
you've been saying since yesterday that
you saw mr. powers correct but you're
talking about the man in this photo
aren't you or just a moment mr. right
how dare you present counter evidence in
a trial what kind of business is this
let me see that photo what is this
exactly well your honor it's a still
image it's when when light is reflected
through a lens on something we call a
negative removing of a jaw yeah what
kind of security station would have
still cameras would wouldn't it be far
more efficient to have a moving camera I
mean you're a movie studio right none
other than the steel samurai defender of
neo old Tokyo mrs. old bag is this the
mr. powers that you saw of course didn't
your mama teach you any sense sunny Oh
anyone can plainly see that's powers
right there no no the kid mm-hmm Phoenix
um well I mean I I wonder if maybe if
you squint true mr. powers does play the
role of Steve
samurai but that doesn't mean mr. powers
is the steel samurai hmm I know that I
wasn't born yesterday this Court is
accusing you yo your wrinkles have
wrinkles motherfucker
he's having trouble calling her old bag
apparently however you do not have proof
that the person in the photo
there's mr. powers duel you will powers
I'm turning southern my judges turning
summers go with it just go with the oil
boom knows the old man I'm the judge you
can't treat me like this
I have all the power of oh of course I
have proved what huh even eggs worth is
surprised the prosecution would like to
ask the old the witness please make
known all the information in your
possession ahead of time ma'am how was I
supposed to know everyone would be so
nosy you should be ashamed all of you I
mean how was I supposed to know yours
was that yeah you asked me questions
they showed that photo to the young
detective he told me this isn't any good
this isn't any good as evidence pal he
didn't even give it a second look Wow
old windbag has left even Edgeworth
speechless she's good
that's here your proof then Oh
I never say anything I don't mean mind
you that morning during the run-through
of the action scene I saw powers trip
and fall he broke one of the props it
was a big mess ooh
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
bad now look at that picture you can see
he's dragging his legs he see clear as
day you know it's really hard to tell
that it would be great if this picture
was moving if this was this was a moving
picture we could clearly see him drag
his leg but this is a still image that's
how I knew it was powers happy hmm so he
had a sprained his ankles
very well mr. right you may
cross-examine the witness sure I
cross-examine how do I say bullshit in
legal terms is that just a thing I can
do bullshit the man in the photo okay
cross-examination
I never say anything I don't mean mind
you what we can press woman's ever I'll
have you know I'm not pointing fingers
at anyone behind their bags everything
I've said is on the straight and narrow
the up-and-up
yesterday is enough to make an old woman
want to cry mr. right please for all our
sakes try not to upset the witness
I think Edgeworth hasn't met his match
that moaning during the run-through of
the action scene what are you thinking
keep pressing he wasn't there in the
morning he showed up late who was late
he no no they they had the run-through
of the action scene anymore okay and
remember she wasn't out running errands
she was watching the run-through in the
morning when was she running the errand
from the morning friends were supposed
to be at 5:00 right
no there's the earlier practice that was
nearly he didn't know he was he got
there at like 9:00 he was late wasn't he
no well okay you wrote in your new wrote
in the note she wrote came at will came
at 9:00 will will came 9:00 to 12:00
yes that was early practice what was it
five five was the second practice Oh
5:00 p.m. 5:00 p.m. okay okay so he was
there 9:00 to 12:00 old bag got to her
post at 1:00 okay okay we'll press
around this yeah
who was present at the run-through well
let's see there's powers he's the steel
samurai the poor old hammer the evil
magistrate and me and what exactly were
you doing oh god I don't want to know if
it's anything rude I don't want to know
observing just observing making mental
notes what about the assistant
oh she was off moving backdrops around
and such so she didn't see the
run-through then I saw powers trip and
fall trip and fall yes and to think he's
supposed to be the steel samurais he's a
fucking actor love so so powers sprained
his ankle I helped make it better for
him of course you helped make it better
what where am I I suffer from dementia
like kissed it where it hurt you know
like a boo boo I kissed it I kissed his
ankle nothing weird about that rich
nothing weird about that mmm
okay let's just go move on god please no
don't talk about it
where was the assistant then no she was
cleaning up backdrops I think she didn't
know about powers angled you may
continue your testimony he broke one of
the props it was a big mess which
property break the spear zero that was
used to stab ya should we present ya ya
ya present this fear
this evidence clearly reveals a
contradiction in your statement your
honor how exactly are the evidence and
the statement and how does it Ramu
they aren't are they Oh what maybe we
got a presser first to get maybe we
gotta have her confirm that it was the
steel samurai spear that broke right
it's okay it's okay
one down one down press he broke one of
the props it was a big mess we were just
premature always press first rate he
broke up her up
all right now your honor
we were we were ahead of the game right
his own samurais spear his samurai spear
the murder weapon luckily I was there
with my two missed ranks me as soon as a
significant detail I'd better write this
down in the court record we examine that
further in the court record yes
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
I'm not gonna present I'm just gonna
look at this stuff yeah
apparently oh no I can't look at it
closer because I'm presenting all right
all right
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
bad was mr. powers his ankle badly
sprained cuz there's no tape on that
thing can we go back yeah as soon as
we're done with this bring up okay not
so bad that he couldn't walk around he
went to his dressing room to rest up
after lunch with us the nap yes the nap
anyway I saw him dragging his foot when
he walked dragging his foot okay
oh you think we've heard enough
the murders yeah breaking the shaft has
been mended with duct tape so the murder
weapon was fixed with duct tape okay
okay you haven't we you runner I don't
know you're the lawyer I just listened
to the shit hey there's one thing that
bothers me which is where is the steel
samurai costume now you know where I'm
not really actually well duh
yeah we couldn't find it we're looking
though somewhere hmm
okay he's guilty anyway that's not
important yeah yeah right it's important
is that the the defendant is absolutely
100% guilty
you're probably right I mean we don't
need you know the outfit that the
murderer was wearing that covered up his
face and body that would be silly oh
wait did you
the witness did see the steel samurai
yes yeah it is clear that the person in
the steel samurai suit was mr. powers
that is not clear hmm I suppose that's
no can I present again
then we lose are you sure your honor
objection well what are you gonna
present
what's the other photo with the guide
map let's look at it let's look at him
body was a studio one yeah our guys in
the dressing room deal samurai walk by
walk by the gate when a camera saw him
in the studio one what I think we need
to do is once again present the photo
okay as our objection okay because you
know the on the honor the the judge is
saying that yep we have all the evidence
that he's the yeah right and it's like
no all right try it all right I'm gonna
object I want to go back to her
testimony and poke around hold it if it
will let us I don't know if we can hold
it right there
we keep talking possibilities but we
have to agree that that photo shoot that
this photo shows the steel samurai
nowhere in this photo can we see mr.
will powers oh sure yeah yes that's
right okay yeah totally true I also
wonder if someone else not caught on
camera could have killed mr. hammer hey
there's a ton of holes in this case we
have to consider that possibility also
then allow me each remove the doubt from
your mind your honor
oh shit or snaps right well the witness
continued her testimony please uh no
need to ask twice
the time of Paul hammers death was 2:30
p.m. drew the only person I saw go to
the studio before then was will powers
this is just testimony we can't press
rounds did anyone else leave we can't
press it right now okay
know what else went there if they had I
would have seen anyone they don't have
any photos of anyone leaving yeah hmm so
if no one else went to the studio then
it would have to be this steel samurai
who did it mr. right you may
cross-examine the witness okay the time
before hams death was 2:30 p.m. true we
ready press room oh oh it's the same
testimony press it anyway
I believe that she's just gonna say that
I know I didn't know I gave no yeah okay
then after some rubbish about being up
and oh this is new and then after some
rubbish about it being a secret pal he
told me everything
I see detective gumshoe shares his
fellow officers fondness for doughnuts
the only person I saw go to the studio
before then was willpower's Chris are
you absolutely sure
Oh quite quite sunny nobody suspicious
looking passed by at all about
unsuspicious looking no one else went
there press
what about before you got to the guard
station that's what we're looking for us
what we're looking for you need to fall
one o'clock why everyone was in the
employee area before then and now I
locked the main gate so no one could get
in present the cart not to mention if
they had I would have seen them present
the card this evidence clearly remember
this is not they had I would have seen
them are you sure the witness has
answered the question anyone anyone
going into the studio had to pass by the
witness that's right Sonny who you let
him have it
edgy boy rich keeps fucking up yes I do
I'm sorry
old weed big sure he has balls well you
know I mean tits you're a thinking of
tits I guess old windbags have a way of
skipping over important details after
all I'm still here something for you to
look forward to perhaps haha cuz he'll
be old one day and then you'll die then
I'll be in living peace or I'll die
either way I'm in full-on trying to
crack this case no Jack I got no time no
brother I got enough from the time for
witty May a dialog the time of Paul Hamm
his death was 2:30 p.m. yes okay we can
agree to that yes the only person I saw
go to the studio between then we already
pressed this will powers but should we
continue to present what 2% what the
picture there's she's saying the only
person I saw was will powers when we
have no evidence all right well perhaps
you're for it
hold on look at this photograph one more
time this photo was taken by the camera
at the gate for the studio's correct
this reasoning so whenever anyone passes
by here it automatically takes a picture
and here I thought you didn't do your
head from the hole in the ground alright
anyway
it's also true that the computer at the
guard station records all security cam
data oh you know if you wanted to work
at the studio we might have an opening
goo that very computer printed out this
photo note that on the back of the photo
are printed the words October 15th 2
o'clock p.m. photo number 2 even I know
that means it was taken at 2:00 p.m. on
October the 15th really sunny actually I
know that too the issue here is the bit
at the end where it says the computer
only held data for one photo on that day
don't you think that's odd shouldn't
this photo be photo number one if it
really was the only photo oh please tell
the court what you mean by this mr.
right actually well it's very simple you
see one comes before two right only this
photo is number two haha there should be
a number one it lost me again
you should know I failed numbers the
number class actually I want to ask the
witness this evidence shows that not one
but two people went to the studio that
day yet there is only one there's only
data for one of the photos also by the
way if this security camera yeah
takes pictures of everyone it's a motion
sensor shouldn't they have like every
one coming in that morning fifteen
pictures of all the people all the time
like hey this is when they went in for
rehearsal this is when they left for a
rehearsal this is when will powers and
and jackhammer got there for the
beginning rehearsal yes
who could have erased the data for the
other photo only someone with access the
security lady herself
watch your mouth move is never the only
person I saw that day was will powers
but the camera on the gate fired twice
that means two people who went by well
yes that's that's what it would seem to
mean hmm and the witness explained this
to the court no I don't understand these
newfangled computer things isn't as well
I had an abacus as a child we use that
we don't know what that means but
believe me I I want to but I I don't
know what this means either I also
failed grade school math Oh some help
you lied you did dickhead oh you broke
her Jack your broker could work
whippersnapper something the matter miss
old bugger
oh that's right I I just
oh it just happened let me guess someone
else passed by the gate other than the
steel samurai well yes I suppose you
could put it that way
Oh rub her rub her rump
here's damn old bitch this could have
been an easy morning for me I have a
nice sandwich waiting you've made this
so difficult every day after I finished
my guard duties I have one other
important job to do I go through the
photos recorded on the security computer
and check them I throw out any photos
that an suspicious-looking now come to
think of it now I remember throwing out
one photo that day this is all bad this
is the first day I've heard about this I
want of course on it I only just
remembered it you can't keep up with me
right anyway mr. right please begin the
cross-examination well I'd say this is a
turn for the unexpected but I kind of
expected this because my psychic powers
told me it was gonna happen every day
after I finished by god it is I have one
other important job to do another job
I've heard of this job thing before what
could you describe it for me who is sure
well it's a it's a series of services
that you do in exchange for goods a
currency check all the people that pass
by the main gate that day I look closely
and every one of the photos that the
security camera takes
you back up all of the old security
camera dater well they keep telling me
to yes but those computers are just so
frustrating I throw out any photos that
answers vicious-looking you see presser
on that how exactly do you determine
what isn't suspicious-looking oh you see
I can tell by looking at the faces for
the most part this is a murder trial
mrs. old beggar well I didn't touch that
suspicious-looking willpower's photo did
I think she's missing a point word come
to think of it now I remember throwing
out one photo that day well a fanboy of
who steals a mirai fanboys real freaks
if you ask me they get information about
the rehearsals from gosh knows where
they're always hanging about one was
there that day oh wait a second didn't
you just say no one else could get in I
locked the main gate so no one could get
in those were your words oh well I guess
I didn't tell you the truth or any bit
of the truth gotta go if you must know
there's a drain that goes into the
employee area
the grade has been loose for a while it
leads outside and well that's where they
come in they came in through the drain
I told you they were freaks oh and and
the kids children whippersnappers kids
so harm the photo that let's all
remember for the court record that you
erased about someone who was on the
premises that you lied about as a kid it
is a boy probably second to third grade
what let me get this straight
you saw two people pass by the gate on
their way to the studios that day one
was the steel samurai dragging his leg
the other was a boy who looked to be
about second or third grade oh yes well
we see his type there every day can't
stop him
gantetsu boy in second or third grade
hmm I assumed it would be hard if not
impossible for a young boy to wield the
samurai spear impossible I think it's
quite heavy looks quite heavy all right
as I said I didn't pay him much mine
that's why I raised the data I'm Nick
what's going on we're in a courtroom for
a murder trial Maya oh do you remember
that this is what we do for work you pay
me oh shit
I mean the boy was there that makes him
a suspect they're ready trying to
unsuspecting this Court will take a
five-minute recess
I want the defense and the prosecution
to consider this new information and no
forgetting vital information this time
it's it's this I and I know that this is
a game but it's so fucked up where it's
just like we're hit were the the entire
prosecution is hinged on the testimony
of a witness who's been proven to lie
yes based off of circumstantial evidence
like I saw a guy in a costume limp yes
even if she was a trustworthy witness
that wouldn't get anyone convicted I
don't it's okay I know I know it's it's
it's the equivalent of encyclopedia
brown mystery as a kid's detective thing
okay
oh my god mr. powers yes
tell me tell me straight were you really
in your dressing room
you didn't go to the studio hey I didn't
go to the studio
I was sleeping honest yeah so who was
this feel samurai you've had security
photo how should I know
Bob still samurai costume was off for
the corner of the dressing room anyone
could have walked in and taken it really
what you should take better care of that
stuff I couldn't imagine anyone would
want to steal a steel samurai costume I
know nothing of eBay and nerds and the
value of screen-used props I'm really
I'm a moron so where does this leave me
it doesn't look good sniff
you're the only likely suspect right now
what are we going to do first we play
for more time we'll start targeting
someone else that could conceivably have
done this right it'll take them so long
to shoot us down that we can get another
date all right but if we pick the wrong
person we might lose on the spot yeah
you don't sound very optimistic
should I hire a better lawyer you
couldn't afford a better lawyer you're a
bit player on a children's show actually
I don't I don't believe we ever talked
about salary oh right now you've been
doing this free I'm going to need some
of those screen-used props I'm pretty
good at eBay good work good work hey
Nick hey listen all right let's go okay
so we need to are know it what does that
mean
please don't sigh like that sniff so our
job right now is to try to find a
plausible second or just into the light
we need to get this delayed right yeah
well but he said like we need to start
pointing fingers at a plausible second
suspect yes so I'm thinking if we go
after the old lady that's gonna be a
no-go
I think the plausible second suspect is
the assistant yes okay Court will now
reconvene for the trial of mr. will
powers miss ed Worth will you present
the prosecution's thought well why would
you rule out the old lady though as a
possible suspect we've met we've had too
much just we had too much time with her
in the game yeah and so I think she's
the obvious red herring okay you know
let's see here that's your your your
Metta reason my Metta reason is she's
the obvious red herring and so we if we
point the fingers at her she can also
then defend herself in court right which
means we're not going to get the delay
that we want no wrong the assistant
didn't know about the ankle
do we know she didn't know well let's
see what it let's see what happens okay
the prosecution's thoughts on
prosecution's thoughts are simple
nothing has changed except for all of
the testimony who was wrong apparently
and we learned new information but yeah
you're right nothing has changed the
other person who went to the studios was
a boy of roughly 10 years of age photo
we hit we do have may not be hard
evidence okay but there is still no one
else that could have committed this
crime I call for a verdict of guilty for
the defendant mr. willpower's mmm that
sounds reasonable I like that I like
that let's go with that mr. right you
cool with that
the defense disagrees will the press
that was the judge in the background
shit
will the do oh yeah I disagree
there is another person who could have
committed this crime order interesting
let us hear who you have in mind however
be aware that this Court does not look
kindly on accusing the innocent if you
accuse someone who is obviously innocent
I'm saying the old lady you will be
penalized
well those just maybes maybe we have
options so hold on so who was this
person
other than mr. powers that could have
committed the murder
okay security lady you know if we if we
need a reason to accuse them we have no
reason to accuse the assistant no
there's no motive right well the old
lady she did erase the fucking security
tapes we're not looking for what we're
looking for is who can who has a strong
alibi for where they were during the
time of the murder was the old lady's
alibi she saw the photo
on the camera get a game logic this
isn't real life life well if she were
the murderer she would be lying about
that of course I'm saying accused the
old lady I'm not gonna read the chat
don't read the chat right now I'm not
reading the chat I would go with the old
lady yeah
yes there's no good reason to suspect
the assistant not that she couldn't have
done it nothing I have seen in this game
points the finger at her right but the
old lady has been so adamant but let you
know that's exactly why I think we
should accuse her the what the game
takes her testimony as law and so she's
just gonna say I was in the booth old
lady it's the old lady I will go with
the old lady
I will begrudgingly go with the old lady
okay the security lady it was the
security lady who and the old bugger the
steel samurai is dragging his leg in
this picture that means whoever was in
the suit knew about that morning's
injury maybe because they had been
watching the action scene run-through
there was only one person other than
powers and Hammer who knew about the
injury the security lady old big what is
this true old Big Buddha big that's
missile big to you
missile the big bag bag Miss old bag was
standing guard alone at the main gate
she was by herself in other words she
has no alibi
she could have briefly left her post to
steal the scene steel samurai costume
then slipped into studio one the scene
of the
well why would she go through the
trouble of wearing the steel samurai
first how did you get to be a judge that
the the robe or that I'm currently
wearing the judge robe fits me perfectly
that's how they decide the judge in this
world I was walking down the street and
I said oh look at this robe and it fit
me perfectly so I'm the judge simple
your honor
she knew the camera at the gate would
take her picture
if she was in his costume she could
point the finger at mr. powers I see oh
okay sure that makes a shocking amount
of sense that's that's odd and this is
the part where I draw r j--
pounces I don't hear you like jump up
with an objection and some damning new
evidence well does the prosecution have
an opinion on this matter yeah you know
prosecution yeah we have no meaningful
objections at this time I think I'm just
gonna roll over on this one oh well that
makes this court case very simple all
right
Oh what wasn't that supposed to be mean
oh so you all think I did it is that it
eighty boy don't you sit there do
something fresh further you think what
well good why not literally why not okay
so the whole point of this is to buy us
time yes to gather more evidence because
she probably isn't the suspect as you
probably just need someone to push us
right give granny a break give we give
get granny a break then it still casts a
shadow of a doubt
maybe maybe what do you think rich give
me give me reading the chats don't
listen to me everyone saying always
press do not give her a break yeah sure
I see that the very same reasoning that
makes mr. powers a suspect in this case
can be used to cast doubt on miss old
bag actions on that day hold on before
you read yeah Tiberius Kirk instead of
saying there's literally no logic to
giving her a break yes
here is some because if we press and she
actually does have some kind of
reasonable things she can say yeah to
put the heat off her that would ruin our
stalling tactic right if having this go
another day the the my logic is not in
game logic my logic is trying to solve
the game logic like I'm saying I would
worry about pressing further and then oh
look she's got a logical excuse
somewhere in there oh so now it's back
to mr. Poe oh no what if we let off it
cast was there is there was a logical
reason not to yeah but why would I do
something so all of them to pull hammer
you forget that mr. powers lacks a clear
motive to hmm maybe if somebody should
have brought this up earlier yeah I'm
not a good judge I didn't judge that
that did it
no windbag
one of the suspects no hard feelings I
hope
oh wait just a minute what about the
other person who went to the studio the
boy the one whose photo I erased he's a
kid that doesn't matter when when I was
that age I could pin my old men in ten
seconds tops
hmm do you want to pin me later
little little lamb we have another
wrestling match even
Gino suave says even if you give her a
break the game just makes you press her
it doesn't matter what you choose oh
that's kind of that's kind of a letdown
that is kind of a lot yeah that should
be that should be a win-lose yeah that
boy is not the killer
Oh what how could you be so sure Oh or
is it or is it be nice to the kids and
mean to your elders de Rosas Evans I
have proof
wait would you what I I didn't know we
have proof a proof oh I like proof
sometimes so most of the times I don't
need it though I'll prosecute anyone
oh if you have proof that shows the boy
could not code what I have proof I can't
we we should we should never be
presenting evidence you know when it's
not us presenting the evidence I'm gonna
go with a key card maybe or the phone
didn't have a key card the kid didn't
have a key card what does the autopsy
report say I can't look at this probably
the key card I'm gonna guess the key
card anybody could have left the key
card the boy couldn't have used this
Bureau you can pick that up anyone can
pick up this beer
you can pick up a spear okay boy didn't
have a keycard don't work go for a
keycard this is a group effort the scene
of the murder as we all know was studio
one however you need a card key to enter
Studio One how could a boy with no
formal relation to the studio's have a
card key to the Train no no remember
even we were blocked off from Studio One
okay after we got through the main game
okay okay even we were blocked off until
we swiped that card key let's see what
happens I see well could the witness
care to comment on this hmm
the windbag speechless this has got to
be a first very well that's it alright
great okay okay this Court will suspend
proceedings on the current trial for
today mr. Edgeworth please find out more
about your witness miss windy what was
it what was it who something old big
your honor then the prosecution will
look further into this old bag before we
continue that round is called adjourned
you only get one day to prepare though
because you know what's your verse
because we're still dickheads I'm moving
wait a second I'm not going to just sit
here while he run off barking up the
wrong tree of me I'm talking now great
stop the presses
that windbag wants to talk
this old bag what is this all about have
you omitted something again
have you forgotten another thing well
actually if you must know there's
something I was told not to talk about
not to talk about my whom you mean it
wasn't Edgeworth who told her not to
talk Oh what
well shit bitch start talking also yes
Molly right the gavel has already been
struck usually that's like the signifier
that's the signifier global Studios
warned me to keep quiet about something
there were some other people at the
studios on the day of the murder
they said they had nothing to do with it
see so they told me just to pretend they
hadn't been at the studio that day but
if you're going to accuse me I'm not
letting them get away scot-free
this old bag this is crucial information
why did you keep this from the court
until now had you been listening it's
why the fuck not rules don't matter here
I won't give in to trouble witness the
power of the old bag mr. right your
cross-examination I guess we're in
overtime for this court apparently it
works all right that leaves four sealed
gloden Studios wanted me to keep quiet
about some fresh rocket cars so you were
told not to talk that's right by the
studios and the TV bigwigs no less why
didn't I hear about this I'm so angry
don't be too hard on yourself Sonny
we're all in on it there were some other
people at the studio the day of the
murder who were these people
well the director the producer for
starters look the director we should
have known something was fishy how could
they have done a run-through of their
action scene without a director I mean
it's just common sense oh boy really
dropped the ball on that one
now that who say it makes perfect sense
but honestly these are kids show
sometimes you just need to point a
camera in the general direction of
something shiny well yes I was surprised
no one asked about it so where were
these people the director was in the
employee area all morning for the
run-through he joined the producer
around lunchtime and they had a meeting
after that we're Oh in the studio to
trailer so studio two there was a studio
too well if you look at the guide map
here it is you know that area you
weren't allowed to go into earlier in
the game that area with the invisible
wall oh I'm sorry the tree that had
fallen down to keep you from that area
until you got to this point in the story
you go through the gate ah that's what
the monkey had fallen over that's right
well mr. Wright would you like to
continue the cross-examination
I think I've already asked my questions
but yeah sure more information we get
the better right
they said they had nothing to do with it
see miss old bag
this is a trial for murder I know that
silly I forgot I was doing her voice for
a second yeah still they were pretty
convincing about having nothing to do
with it and they gave me a little bonus
on the side bitch don't brag I are you
saying that you were bribed for
falsifying your testimony in the court
of law
because that is very illegal you should
know that so you've got bonus and you
still yeah what she's doing is
incredibly yeah I think I've asked all
the questions about it oh you fuck yeah
continue write global studios wanted me
to keep quiet about something chat I'm
glancing at the chat now and then but we
are trying to avoid spoilers for one the
game people telling us what the right
thing to do is oh yeah yeah people who
actually know the game don't you and no
I am NOT playing Mass Effect Andromeda
on the side I'm not playing it on the
stream I am not playing it out of train
I am not playing it on a boat I would
not play it anywhere could could someone
please exclamation point mass effect for
us I already have many times it's not
sinking in yeah we're not weird I am
done with the fucking series it's a
corpse and you know we do know that some
of you in chat are playing along with us
and want to give us like you want us to
give us a hint not a hint like cuz you
don't know the answer either but some
people do know the answer and just we
don't know we don't know who's who we
don't know who's just trying to help and
who's giving us an answer so
or what do you what do you have to
exclamation point is it exclamation
point
Mass Effect or Mass Effect Andromeda it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter alright
let's see I know I did one for Andromeda
oh maybe that's what it is I'm sure
there's one for Mass Effect though sure
no there's none for Mass Effect
apparently it's not one for Andromeda oh
there it is
there's hak5 it just took a quite a
little bit Thank You hack but so you
were told not to talk that's right by
the studio and the TV bigwigs Nunez why
didn't I hear about this
there were some other people oh do we
already go through all this this we did
I guess just asking you so we want to
rego through it okay hadn't been at the
studio that day but if you're going to
go accusing me I'm not letting them get
away scot-free
Nick I guess pressing her was the right
thing to do yeah we figured that out
Maya Thanks
thanks for helping it officially stopped
caring about tips no we're officially
playing a game where we're doing a lot
of talking oh my god as soon as we're
done with the fucking win we never write
so we can never win as soon as we're
done with this little courtroom scene
we'll take a little we'll take a little
tit break I could probably use a bottle
of water yeah as I'm doing many voices
this I didn't use a break too yeah and
that's what we'll take a little break
after the court stunts get as much
information as we can golden Studios
wanted me to keep quiet about something
there was some other people of the
studios on the day of the murder we did
that already
they said they had nothing to do with it
see miss old bag over here to do this
yeah yeah we already went through the
pit Paola continue cross-examination all
right those Studios wanted me to give
provide about something I ever did that
they were some other people at the
studios we know that
what do you cry we already did that what
can we present them tell me just to
pretend they hadn't been at the studio
that day so they were actually in the
studio yes the whole day when they heard
about the murder they beat it before the
cops came Rumble I'll kill this woman I
square it and rebirth we can still hear
you you're saying you're going to kill
someone is illegal
actually in this courtroom I thought
that was a conviction no fortunately I
am the antagonist so I am safe oke but
if you're gonna go cruising me not
letting them go away scot free them who
are these people
well the director the piers if it's out
is the director come on oh yeah we've
been through this all right okay great
we've been through all this
let's do know Jesus all right all right
he's your friendly rival more than your
antagonism he's the bet he's the bad guy
obviously he's not like you know out to
get us or anything but he is our
antagonist
okay is it letting a stop yes and by
good I mean we could press her with
something but she's already given us a
bunch of information and now we can take
a break and go do our investigative work
okay is what I believe it's time for I
believe we have been told everything we
need to be told your honor we have
learned there were others at global
studios on the day in question the
director and the producer and some
bigwigs we're all present yet as we
stand here they have not been questioned
I hold that as is impossible to declare
a verdict on the defendant mr. powers
that seems actually very reasonable
guilty all of the prosecution will
gather more information about the
witness's missile bang and more
information about these other people we
have just been told of all of which
didn't show up on camera well they're on
the other side of the camera they're
already in behind the game obviously
they showed up some time there that
morning or at some point in their lives
but we've already learned this camera
only takes photos after the crime
everyone inside the crime oh yeah their
security camera where she you know as
soon as she says I get rid of any non
suspicious photos I assume that man she
got rid of like 20 photos of people just
walking back and forth but knows you
only got rid of one photo this is the
worst security camera in the history of
security cam also the photo took a
picture of the kid who got in through
the drain why did it take a picture of
the kid who went into the drain because
he went in through the drain and not
through the game he I think he tried to
walk to the gate okay okay and couldn't
get in it's gonna be something going on
with a photo
well not when I haven't seen the last of
this I agree I understand your honor
this and the days preceding in the trial
of mr. willpower's that is all this
Court is adjourned
yeah there are two gates is like the
entrance gate and then there's the gate
to Studio One and the camera is by the
gate to Studio One okay okay okay we're
gonna take a little break I'm gonna get
some water yeah and we'll give you some
tips and then we'll do some tips we will
be back momentarily also we really
really can't win because that someone
one person just one person in the chat
said why are they playing this boring
game oh come on you can't make all the
people happy it's literally impossible
to make people happy was it I was in a
bit of a foul mood yeah ya know mostly
because I'm one yeah I mean I'm mentally
wiped and we were even discussing not
playing this game yeah because it's like
we're just kind of we're in a blah place
right this has picked me I love doing
voices and little doing detective work
some logic reasoning this is a fun game
you know before we take a boat before we
take a break
shoot you know let's get water okay well
I'm gonna charge charge up the old
that's a smart move charging the
charging cable is too short to like hold
comfortably while I'm on the couch
all right okay and first first things
first we're going right you see a
battery oh I see the case I'm gonna I'm
gonna pause this stream for a bit we're
gonna we're gonna run an ad we're gonna
pause the this stream hold on we're
gonna first I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
get rid of our camera boom we're gonna
get rid of the 3ds upper 3ds lower we're
gonna put the background back on and
then we'll be ripe oh yeah that looks
great and I love our we'll be right back
and then I'm gonna mute us and then

[Part II]
the upper 30s lower 3d is lower there we
go there's that and then they should
probably see us - where is it there it
is everything's everything is in order
everything's back okay we're back hello
everybody we're back I gotta get the
thing with the readers we had a whole
rich we had a whole plan we had a whole
plan we're gonna come back and read tips
because we haven't you know especially
when we play games like this like it's
really important that we pay attention
to the details and it would be
impossible to do tips normally and play
this exactly Thanks
so now we'll take a little break read
some tips I finished before we read tips
I know I talked about this a little bit
before our iron fist
there are no new tips wait there's one
there's one well X out and start stream
tip over again because sometimes it
needs to load while you're doing that I
want to talk about iron fist for a
second okay overall like not the worst
the show in the world it's not very good
I think it's like mostly boring oh yeah
oh yeah they're all there yeah but uh
but not the worst you know it's not the
worst it has one of the bests he's not
really the villain but bad guys okay
it's he's this one of the one of the
people who's kind of trying to stop him
from coming back and getting his
business Danny ran from getting his
business back Ward Meacham is the
character's name and he's this like just
eternal fuckup and he just keeps fucking
up and he's the bad guy and he makes
really bad decisions but it's all really
in character you know over overall like
I'm not gonna watch the show again it's
not incredibly good but it's it's mostly
better than Luke Cage because it hasn't
in action sequences okay it's nothing
special I'm now more prepared for the
defenders which I'm excited about only
because hopefully Daredevil and Jessica
Jones can carry that shit hey I like
daredevil why am I not super excited
about the rest of their superhero lineup
on Netflix why do I not like I'm
finished Iron Fist I don't give no fucks
this is just not very good well even
before it came out yeah whatever that's
weird cuz like you know after daredevil
it's like yeah okay they made a good one
and then after Jessica Jones you're like
oh alright they make another you ain't
get far - Jessica Jones so I can finish
it it's brilliant alright it's fucking
brilliant and it was like for me
daredevil was like hey the story's kind
of simplistic him as a character is very
archetypal but normal huh it's very
archetypal archetypal is that I said you
said yeah archetypal archetypal I
thought I thought it was pronounced
archetypal and I could be in its
archetype and then you pronounce it
archetypal chad is gonna tell me I'm
wrong in three two tipple okay
archetypal archetypal are could type oh
no never mind I'm wrong archetypal
Daredevils of characters is very tropi
how about that is that a better way to
put it ARCA typical archetypical I
thought it was right
oh thank you for I grew up on a farm at
it I never had we didn't have archetypes
on the farm but the action is really
good right and the characters are really
good and very engaging in daredevil
Jessica Jones I think is brilliant it's
a brilliant use of the medium it's an
allegory for trauma and they mail it
Jessica Jones so good not not a lot of
good action though and Jessica sure
that's just what I would expect right
right but great characters great story
then Luke Cage that was a hard turn for
me where it's just like oh that's a big
failure
because like Daredevils good I really
like Jessica Jones Luke Cage was a big
failure for me iron fist it's like and
this is all right
I think if iron fist would have come out
right after Jessica Jones I might have
called iron fist a big failure too so
you're saying the the Netflix Marvel
expanded universe yeah it's like a
glider it's like it doesn't go up I have
some flaws of this no no no no no aah no
it's not like a glider because I would I
would put Daredevil and Jessica Jones on
the same level for different reasons
okay Luke Cage was a huge drop-off and
iron fist is like iron fist then kind of
like limps to the finish so yeah it's a
glider that crashed and then the pilot
lipped it to the hospital it's exactly
what it is and hopefully by the time we
get to the defenders they will have
fixed their broken leg okay that's all I
had about Iran fist have some faith in
defenders in Punisher I will be back for
Punisher that's for sure
oh sure and you know what I have some
faith in to the defenders because Luke
Cage worked well in Jessica Jones
he worked well as a supporting character
yeah Danny ran could probably work well
as a supporting character okay okay
great so what do we have here were tired
and sad says what do you think is more
odd about Mike that he thinks ghosts
might be real or his love for the work
of Renny Harlin darhat die hard - etc
what's wrong with that hard - I'm not
really wrong with either of these things
what's wrong with die hard - I could
appreciate like ghost stories and and
and paranormal investigators but I don't
believe any of it right but it's fun
stuff oh I
anything it's fun and Mike might
appreciate it in that way yeah sure I'm
not gonna go all out and say he believes
they exist I'm gonna give my credit oh
you might yeah you might think the like
time echoes or something they're not
time echoes I like that though I like
somebody shaking cameras all of those
shows all of those shows are complete
silence and then someone goes problems
did you get it what's that oh my god did
you hear I totally heard that did you
hear that stupid shows I hate those
those shows are so dumb okay what else
we got turn sad also says yep if justice
league is as dumb and unsuccessful as
the new trailer will it be the last in
this series how much money will it make
it can be as dumb as it wants to be as
long as it's making the appropriate
amount of money though don't keep
fucking doing it this this could be the
the new Transformers what transformers
are they on now 5 5 I think they're on
transformers 5 now preparing for a
transformer 6 and here's the thing the
Transformers series is you and I thought
they're preparing for 5 oh maybe there's
4 out now and they're preparing for 5 I
don't I don't know they all look the
same
here's the point transformer series I'm
racist against transforming robots
absolutely they all look the same how
different the transformer series is
universally panned by critics
it's the butt of everyone's joke right
uh-huh they make a ton of money that's
where the DC Universe is heading so if
you loved one of those characters you're
just gonna be the joke of cinema for for
a long time I mean people keep saying
that you know Batman vs Superman was a
financial disappointment still made 800
million or a shitload of money didn't
make his money as much as they were
thinking didn't make as much as they
were thinking but was it still quite
profitable but remember though it's
still quite profitable we well we don't
know for sure because they advertise
got and remember that Studios don't base
their profit on one movie that could
have been that for them that should have
been their big movie that propped up
other movies that might not have
performed as well so for them that movie
not performing as high as it should have
means that their overall profit is down
it was supposed to make as much as
Avengers I know what it was supposed to
make right irrelevant if if I invest $4
and I expect to make 10 back yeah but I
only make 8 I might keep investing $4
just because hey I still get eight back
well but to use your analogy it's like
you vet you invest $4 here yeah and then
you invest 3 $1 or you invest $1 and
three other things right right and the
three other $1 things don't return on
investment and so you're banking on that
$4 to make up for the $3 of the
discussion but Batman vs Superman is
still making the $4 maybe well but the
question is the question is is it making
the seven dollars and this metaphor has
just got labor they're coming out ahead
at a comfortable enough margin right
they will keep doing it yes and that's
true that's true the future movies might
loosen rigid guard lists of what the
initial expectations were yeah if they
are still making a decent profit they
won't keep going agreed agreed they
might they might stop giving them as big
a budget they might stop advertising
them as largely but yes Studios don't
give a shit how well reviewed there no
no as long as they make money as long as
they make money okay AJ pimps all says
this is for the great zelda review you
guys definitely in your top three
reviews along with your destruction of
Sonic and 1886 looking forward to more
awesomeness thank you thank you much you
guys don't see I put it in a special
playlist someone pains
taking Li overdubbed rich and eyes the
order 1886 review in Russian he sent me
an email and he was like hey I'm a fan
from Russia I overdubbed you guys in
Russian can I put it up on my youtube
channel yeah yeah do it everyone or
whatever I made it I made a playlist of
previously recorded but in Russian I
can't I can't double check it make sure
that's actually what they did oh we have
no idea what he's saying I don't I might
not want to know what we're saying in
that in his version of that I listened
to it for a little bit and it seems to
me you can kind of hear what we're
saying he just lowered our volume it
seems to match up with lower set right
so that's all we got tired and sad says
what are your thoughts on the importance
of continuity and a franchises canon the
x-men Star Wars and alien films are
extremely inconsistent while Marvel is
largely consistent does it even matter
this is a good question because one of
the reasons I don't even care to get
back in the Marvel comics anymore is I
don't feel like the continuity means
anything anymore I used to I used to
love the old-school Marvel continuity
when I saw a little asterisks this is a
reference to something that happened in
you know the uncanny x-men number 53
track down a copy of uncanny x-men 53
that was an astronaut as a reference
they made like a fantastic four block
right right I used to I used to love
that kind of stuff the there's there's
comfort there's comfort and continuity
don't you think ya know knowing like you
know that's one of the great things
about crossover books is you know you're
reading one and two characters from two
different comics bump into each other
and then that helps you gleam off of
that other character then maybe start
reading his other book there's comfort
to it but I don't I don't know that you
need it I mean it's a flavor that you
might enjoy every now and then but
looking at the Zelda games
it makes me sick when they try to shove
everything in a continuity because no
this clearly does not go together the
question is was continuity purposeful
from the beginning and that was the
thing with the Marvel movies right we
want to share the universe that's
important to us whereas back in the day
the Star Wars sequels or whatever
whatever mentioned they might not have
planned for there to be caught that kind
of continuity mm-hmm you know and so
what's expected have we have a plan from
the get-go
that's Gunn and you know well what
continuity is good I don't necessarily
think every detail needs its own movie
we did not need a whole movie about the
Death Star plans we did that was
unnecessary we didn't need a whole movie
explaining why Dori has memory problems
I really hated that movie so the answer
I guess is it's complicated
yeah here's here's the answer that
question if it's a good movie it doesn't
matter yeah okay okay if it's a good
movie it's a good movie I still do
firmly believe in the Stan Lee rule of
any comic could be someone's first comic
mm-hmm I think that's really important
if you're making a long-running series
making sure that you and and for now for
movies like what if ant-man was
someone's first Marvel movie you need to
make sure that while it fits in in the
world it still can stand on its own I
think that's important too okay
only child says hey guys I wanted to try
to get in shape so I bought a jump rope
and bloodborne every time I died I
jumped 50 times I've already lost 157
pounds just kidding what I'm glad I
found they tried the game yeah I'm using
is amazing comment approved
Darkwing schmuck says love these FINA
Krait streams just make sure to save
before you present stuff especially if
you're not sure
I'm not safes coming if you lose you
start from your last save and you can
lose a lot of progress
maybe save at the start of the trial
sure maybe maybe unless they let you
like get stuck like if you didn't
discover something before the trial
started can you get yourself stuck maybe
we'll just try not to get stuck or even
or disappointingly might they not let
you start the trial unless you've found
everything you need that's probably the
case but it was a game meant for
children yeah yeah yeah
Shengo HOD 1897 says rich we please tell
these people that Oh Jay Simpson
murdered Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman on
June 12 1994 three days before the
theatrical release of The Lion King
thank you sir
I don't remember the exact date we stole
why are we why are we still talking
about the OJ Simpson case that just came
to Netflix the People vs OJ Simpson
which was supposed to be very good I
just watched a a kind of pseudo Doc they
didn't they didn't add much like
narration or discussion to it it was
just like a mostly a compilation of
footage just that day like a number like
Arnold Palmer like had his last golf
match that day Oh the OJ Simpson chase
happened that day the NBA finals were
going it's like a number of big sports
related things just happened on that day
weird yeah that was like that was like a
singularity point in a timeline it's
like I know I know you're a little bit
younger than me just just enough to
matter for some of these things how well
do you remember the white the white
Bronco chase well I'm trying to remember
what grade I was in so that would have
been like fifth grade for me mm-hmm
no fourth grade even maybe look fucking
I don't remember fourth grade you're not
that much younger than me are you fourth
or fifth grade I we we watched part of
the trial I want to say in sixth grade
because I would have been
in high school I'm younger than you how
many years I'll do 39 okay no I'm 35 so
I'm not that much yeah you couldn't
couldn't've in in sixth grade I was like
a junior I think we watch some tweens we
watch the trial in sixth grade okay
I think it was a junior going on senior
that makes sense when the chase happened
it makes sense ish I know the the whole
OJ thing was not really in my radar no
that's just 39 ha ha yeah well so what
people age normally I have thought as
check is older for some reason I get
that I've gotten that aren't I 34 Oh am
i 34 here's the thing I don't rich you
aren't that old I am I am that old this
is why I don't give a fuck when people
talk to me about Power Rangers in
Pokemon I was in high school when this
shit started no I'm 35 35 by the way I
was born in 1981 and it hasn't been my
birthday this year so that means I'm 35
hmm I know I know how math works I look
older because I'm bald I know okay all
right so I mean I remember watching the
NBA Finals I mean just flipping channels
yeah and like you know the fuckin NBA
Finals they would shrunk they shrunk it
down so everyone could watch the old
JJ's live really yeah the NBA Finals is
like a little box in the corner of the
screen like I knew I know it was a big
deal but of course you know like I've
never like and my family we're not
sports people and so I think I remember
seeing footage of the chase and just
being like why is this a big deal who's
OJ Simpson if that wasn't the year that
that Michael Jordan was was retired I
would have been very upset
oh yeah alright um suss hearted or huff
farted ah huff hearted have hard that's
a tongue does mini it's a mini tongue
twister because it's not farted it's off
hearted hmm Oh God
says just started streaming you guys
this past week love our om and as
someone who is always corrected for
saying things incorrectly /
mispronouncing which is a hero I don't
deserve it's true how appropriate that I
mispronounced your name twice Nico :
have you heard of cuphead it's a
side-scrolling game that's been in the
works for a long time it's fully
animated in the style of the 30s Popeye
and Betty Boop cartoons yes look up
clips it's gorgeous
I have heard about it I didn't know it
was done yet it's been in like
development fucking forever that's been
one of those III showcase games if look
at how pretty this game is coming to
Xbox Live yeah yeah that's been an e3
darling for the past four years now
right
it does look adorable is it done cuz if
it's done I haven't heard of it being
done captain blue 42 says me personally
yeah I love the Zola review I only have
the castle to go story wise but I don't
feel like exploring as much as I did is
the problem with me or the game it feels
too much like cleanup I think the
problem is it's not very replayable yeah
but then again not having replayed it
I've gotten over 125 hours out of it
yeah so I don't think it's that big a
deal I and I did like I didn't do many
of the side quests but I did finish the
main story and I have absolutely and
this isn't a spoiler but after you
defeat Ganon you can defeat Ganon god
damn it jack after you defeat Ganon
there's no
going on after that how do you feel
about people who act like something like
that's a spoiler
anyone who anyone who like you mean you
fight gay fuck right to how long that
just means you and you know like maybe
you know nothing about a Zelda game but
in the first 20 minutes of this Zelda
game
you see Ganon as the big bad guy so
that's not a that's not even spoiler
territory if even if you don't know
anything about the Zelda franchise but
after you defeat Ganon you can't
continue on from that you know like you
can't then go do the side quests yeah it
saves your game right before you fight
Ganon yeah so if you want you can load
that save and then continue on and fight
Ganon again another day but here's what
I'm gonna say I've defeated Ganon I have
absolutely no impulse to keep playing
yeah I'm done as far as Zelda is
concerned is that okay
Oh like I said a lot of time I got 65
hours it was a great 65 hours it was
fantastic yep
III feel no need to keep playing I feel
no need to play over you know like some
game like blood-borne I could just start
that over and have a great couple hours
but I feel no need to start Zelda over I
think it's kind of a credit that the
game is dense enough that you don't feel
a need to do everything oh yeah it's
fantastic it's like an all-you-can-eat
buffet if exploration at some point
you're gonna be like I've had enough
right oh sure no and that's I'm not
saying that as a negative to the game
I'm just just stating the feelings so do
you have any regrets murdering Ganon no
I have no regrets murdering Ganon do you
ever murder again and fuck her always
comes back then then you murder him
multiple times
fucking always comes back his spirit
spirit rich is now playing at 50 cents
an hour and isn't even happened this
point I am definitely way more than
halfway done sure but still 50 cents an
hour that's great that's great
entertainment bang for your buck
yeah I'm really I was really annoyed
with the game the other day
I'd gone through the whole way I've been
playing fairly carefully
what's when I'm yeah this Jack that
would mean you turned 35 and 2016 right
and it's 2017 and it hasn't been my
birthday yet so I'm 35 which is what
I've said okay okay sorry I'm sorry
yeah we're early in the year we're early
in the year my birthday is late in the
year I'm 35
anyway rich oh I had my first first
death uh-huh like near the end of the
damn game really yeah I was really
annoyed the ego clan that first fucking
stealth section well you get one hit
killed if you get found isn't that crazy
III wasn't too worried because you know
I had beef was grace the resurrection
power I'm like okay okay I don't want to
kill the power didn't kick in
I got the game over screen I was I was
infuriated right right absolutely
infuriated no other stealth section is
anywhere in the game oh but it's just
that one part of the game I did love
that area though yeah that was cute no I
I can't stand it now well you got 125
hours in one official recorded death you
got to because of a bullshit
one-hit-kill
where the normal rules of the game
didn't apply ya know I'm kind of angry
about that
and did you I loved the boss there
though fuck him fuck that whole section
alright um lund listens Jesus here's a
link to the stream you didn't put on
YouTube okay okay like a really really
old one I know we're behind cuz I'm
behind because I'm an asshole we're
about we're behind on streams I'm an
asshole
I know right room behind us gnomes I
know I know I know because I I have I
have the memory of like a termite and
I'm on Sunday on Sunday I was like rich
I'm really like I'm really into editing
I can't kind of be twitch videos for
YouTube can you make sure you do that oh
I'm on it I got that going
I've got I've got the memory of a
termite I'm very sorry now that's worth
punch and now we're caught up okay we're
caught up hmm let's see if we can get a
little bit further in Phoenix right
where's my initializing capture device
there we go mm-hmm Oh Twilight Princess
was such a failure oh I love Twilight
Princess I think we're in cess has some
redeeming qualities to it yeah that's
that's that's been knocked down a peg
because of breath of the wild but that's
up there I'm ELISA the Zelda games I
thought was really good oh I'll agree
I'll agree that the dog sections are
annoying I'll agree with that yeah
everything else in that game is fucking
golden love Twilight Princess once you
get past the dog sections and you can
free roam a little bit that's pretty
great yeah I'll admit I whatever there's
a dog section I want to get through it
as fast as fucking paws I don't like
being an animal wheel we all know this
about me that's true no but I think I
think there's a lot of good with
Twilight Princess I think in a part that
I I cut out I hated Skyward Sword don't
say rich also loves Skyward Sword it was
dull it wasn't the worst game ever but
it was really kind of dull fuck off well
so this was a part that I cut out of the
of the review yeah we're rich States
explicitly that he thinks that a lot of
decisions made in the in breadth of the
wild were just to do the opposite of
what they did in Skyward Sword and in
both Twilight Princess and Skyward Sword
they were going for a more realistic
look
were they in Skyward Sword that was kind
of sell shady a little bit wasn't it
wasn't the most ultra realistic Zelda
game
I got a fuzzy memory maybe yeah and and
there's hardware limitations
this is a giant fucking game and there's
hardware limitations they can't make it
look photorealistic you know I think
people don't like Twilight Princess what
they played the Wii version that's what
I play tonight eleven yeah the Gamecube
there is a gamecube version oh is yes
and it doesn't have the garbage motion
control I love the motion controls so I
think it's worth noting the version of
Twilight Princess
I have played is the GameCube version oh
by the way I loved swinging my sword
around yeah I love that I fucking loved
it I was so into it
swing swing it around he gets a little
nunchuck who's great super super zoom
zoom I fucking loved it um alright let's
get back to the case mm-hmm an
interesting fact about the before your
back sure the Wii version of Twilight
Princess and the GameCube version of
Twilight Princess okay there are mirror
images of each other literally right the
GameCube version because links a lefty
yes but they didn't want motion controls
they know most people are righties yeah
so rather than like changing just the
character model
they literally mirrored the entire game
really yes that's so fuck yes
that's so fucked up yeah like I think
like the hill Ian writing is backwards
nothing the matter is this is hilly and
you can't read it but if you're like
compared to really really oh that's so
cool that I didn't know that the the
also again I mean it's the same general
the overworld like generally fits with a
car enough times over world like Hyrule
Field and weather where the lake hilly
is character of it like in the GameCube
version of it you can you can fit that
map / yoker enough time map
sure the weavers oh that's really great
curio village is on the right now what
is on the left and on its way it's weird
why wouldn't they just flip it for the
GameCube - just to be consistent
I'm going it's fine it's fine no I'm
just saying from there if you haven't
noticed by now at this point I am
stubbornly refusing to say ocarina any
sent right that time but I I didn't
accidentally say it right you know what
I think it's either IIIi believe it's
called ocarina but ocarina doesn't sound
sort of normally you pronounce it way
worse at this point I am going on my way
to say it wrong I don't give a fuck I
think it's a dumb name and I think
people take that game way too fucking
seriously I liked it I got usually say
like Oh karana
you have like one of those South African
tongue flaps in there like oka chronica
ocarina okay I don't care where he's
getting it right on accident it's great
yeah I actually I've probably gotten it
right on accident once or twice now all
right thank you so much mr. right
I was right to ask you to defend me and
you didn't even charge me anything what
did you forget to ask for payment oh
really
a guy and I can't get her voice right
now I believe in stupid things that's it
I believe reincarnation you got it oh
really it's nothing well should I
sniff we'll be going down to the studios
to do some more investigating we have to
find out more about this director and
producer
they'll be turning up in the next trial
as a witness is for certain so now's my
chance to get material for the
cross-examination so Nick if we figured
out just who it was a man still samurai
costume no you were in the trial with me
we did what could it really have been
old windbag
what do you think mr. powers I don't
think it was her really no neither do I
Nick because I just say things and
believe them look listen do you remember
seven minutes ago I said it doesn't
matter who we accused as long as I buy
us some time do you remember that I've
changed my mind again will is definitely
the murderer how can you let him go
Phoenix poor old windbag I feel kind of
sorry for her so I think she's guilty
well she wasn't winning any points in
there with with or without my accusation
okay oh let's get down to the studio's
right we'll be back to visit you soon
the thanks guys
sniff sniff too weak I guess we should
have stopped there oh we should have
stopped our save yep bTW BB C Smith I
see that you've subscribed to us from
Amazon Prime and you don't have a pizza
roll I can only assume that is some sort
of glitch in your subscription I'd say
double just double check that you are
subscribed to us I don't know why you're
not getting a pizza all people who
subscribe to us with Amazon usually get
a pizza roll maybe there's like a
confirm button that wasn't clicked right
that could be oh what a day this is no
what the fuck was in your mouth did you
see that and no and it's like an egg in
your mouth rushing to get the microphone
raised you wouldn't I screamed
you had an egg in your mouth see you
think W peas got a chance I guess that
really depends on the people we found
out about in today's trial the director
head producer yeah well what are we
doing here dad let's go to mr. yes comb
your tits
bbbbb PPP no one's here
right now they have miss old bag in
custody I guess they don't have anyone
to replace her in the Guard Station what
she left her Donuts
oh no I'm sad Oh what I wasn't going to
eat them I'm doing her voice wrong are
you I think I am
I've got the wrong obnoxious tone it's
slightly off I could I could tell I just
don't remember let's move in where are
the bird noises cuz there's a tree right
there I guess well let's go outside
studio one maybe that'll get us to
studio - hey Nick yeah like this is what
I remember from her first one Oh God
especially when you do her little
screamy thing it looks like Detective
gutted Sonny Bonds isn't here today
somebody must have finally gotten him
that solvent you're right he's probably
up to his neck in paperwork after the
commotion at today's trial so Nick
remember that studio - we heard about at
the trial yes it was down bad pants with
the fallen tree right right the path the
executive said we shouldn't go down
there because of the tree but it looks
like we can clearly step around it why
don't we do that oh yeah I think that's
right maybe the director and the rest of
them are there today now's our chance
Nick let's check it out okay studio -
this studio - I thought so it doesn't
really look like much of a studio does
it know that it doesn't that hey there's
a trailer over there I think I know
what's wrong I sound a little bit too
much like Mickey Mouse uh-huh
it looks pretty sturdy for a movie set
trailer are we sure this is the studio
well on closer inspection this trailer
looks like it's been here for a while I
don't think this is part of some
temporary film set flowers there's some
flowers here whole hmm wow so pretty
they're taking good care of these don't
get too close
that fence looks dangerous Oh does that
pointy fence look dangerous what what do
you what connection are you making cuz
he was killed the samurai spirit he was
killed by a pointy object
they found him impaled did they I think
they did or did they are you saying
accidental death moved him over to the
studio and then impaled him with the
spear to make it look like murder Hey
okay I don't know it just seems weird
that he would say that that looks
dangerous what we got over here these
look like materials for making a movie
set why what place do they have those
they've been sitting here for quite some
time this might as well be a junkyard oh
shit just a table in the middle of the
driveway looks like two people ate here
there's nothing left on the plates
hey so they ate t-bone steaks too
what is it with stakes around here oh I
wrote down t-bone steak I didn't right
where we found it
Ramar and the other one what other one
in the in the employee area there is
another table okay with with plates and
stuff if something does seem at place
what I don't know it just feels odd
that's incredibly not helpful well an
incinerator I haven't been helpful an
incinerator rich well now we know what
happened to the costume apparently they
just put this one in it's already
covered in soot they must not clean it
much can I go closer to the incinerator
a light van for moving staff and
equipment around they've kept it in
pretty good shape looks like it run fine
let's go for a drive we're investigating
a murder I want to go for a drive now we
I've had one of my characteristic mood
swings take me for a ride out the window
no that matters something seems out of
place there's a big two painted here
this isn't the real studio two probably
and it doesn't look anything like a
studio door Nick Nick let's go inside
you think it's okay I mean we're here
investigating at all
maybe we shouldn't oh no it's locked Oh
time to press now shucks
oh let's see if we can squeeze
in the window I'm good Mik maybe you can
throw me through the window god I'd love
to she has to shut you up
all right what is next to be foetus was
there something next to the phone yeah
if I click on the poker just as an
incinerator okay I'd love to move closer
to the incinerator why is the wire
investigating cuz it wouldn't be as fun
if they just handed you a ton of
evidence at the start of the trial yeah
this is more Matlock yeah you know if
this was a Matlock game that handed off
to was the private and he had like his
private investigator Matlock had yeah
right I oh I watched a shit ton of
Matlock he had his own private
investigator and I want to say his
daughter and so they would go ahead and
do all the all the solvent and he would
take care of the court okay so he didn't
get out in the field much ma'am not much
so if this was the Matlock game there'd
be like the the investigation section
and the court section which would be
great fucking love Matlock all right I
think we've examined everything we can
in here
this is the still the lawyer game yes
yep
Columbo well Columbo never did court
stuff right Columbo is just the
detective Columbo like instinctively
knew who did the crime and then he would
just needle and prod until he found
evidence for it till he got somebody to
accidentally confess you know what he
didn't know who did the crime he would
just needle and prod until he got all
the problem you got a good sense that
he's suspected strongly and he was just
playing dumb sometimes Columbo but well
no I think come on we'll play dumb all
the time that was his shtick with
everyone but I think the character was
playing dumb I think the character was
just not letting on that he suspected
more oh okay I'm with it I'm with him I
can take that Colombo is fantastic that
was I mean and of course we as the
audience because every Columbo episode
started with them showing who did it
actually you know when I was building
the the Plinko board yeah I just want a
whole bunch of old Columbo episode
I don't think fucking great every single
one of them is fantastic right but that
was unit six with radio unit six to
three idiot that was the great part
about Columbo is what he said because
was gonna go on later unit 603 it says
Columbo Columbo wasn't even a whodunit
they told you at the beginning of the
episode that's right every episode
started with you seeing who the murderer
was and how they did it that's what made
Columbo so amazing it was just about him
finding all the evidence and putting it
together and building his case it's the
greatest detective show just the
greatest I set my age there's no
confirmed I just it's a fact wasn't the
mystery of which is age
I don't really want to be in here oh
yeah it is a murder scene I want to go
someplace else Nick I want to go to
McDonald's Jesus take me to McDonald's
I need a happy meal the spirits told me
you need to bring me to the Donalds
we're looking for the producer in the
director at the moment look it's an
assistant girl there we go hey listen W
P's lawyers right I heard about the
trial great job guys oh-ho-oh oh don't
mention it is it true they caught the
security lady oh oh ho ho actually she
just called me she told me to cover up
that dream you mean that one wow what a
mess I know I'm not so good with handy
work some assistants but you do work on
the props and the backdrops right just
lots of times they end up looking worse
than before I fix them oh oh well I'm
sure those things happen that's the more
yourself about hmm how did you get
employed there was an assistant if you
can't do the things you're employed Oh I
wear Ravi
outfits so they like to have me around
personally I think she should worry at
least a little bit more I mean um if
you'll excuse me I have to go to the
Guard Station I'm supposed to fill in
for Miss old bag right see you later
then ha ha did you just hear a copy
written character I could swear I just
heard a copy written character didn't
somebody hire Rich's an actor no I have
never been hired as an actor I around
with my friends and that ended up with
me being on camera
at no point I want to make this clear ha
ha ha perfectly clear at no point did I
ever say I am going to be an actor actor
on the next try and I certainly didn't
do that I never said I am going to be an
actor and I am going to find somebody
who would be willing to put me on camera
right that is not the story of how I
ended up hanging out with everybody here
no no when when you're with a group of
friends and you have a camera someone
needs to be behind if someone needs to
be a friend that is just how it works it
was merely acting I did voice
spectacularly I guess that's true
oh you did do voice acting for a thing
I'm trying to remember what it was
called now I had to be like poked and
prodded to do that I did I made you do
that yeah because I thought it would be
fun I don't want to ruin somebody's
project I thought you did very well
all right they thought you do very well
- they say it's gonna come out this
summer okay I don't remember what it's
called though well well that's a great
fucking plug
I can only assume they mentioned it like
last stream I can only assume that maybe
someone's gonna say it that when it does
come out they will get a hold of me and
say hey can you promote this via social
media something uh anyone anyone
remember now no okay
so the fanboy they were talking about
the trial today he came in through the
drain so it seems I guess they covered
it up in a hurry hey listen listen geez
hey listen God stop it if this event
drains covered the boy won't be able to
get in but I like to say obvious things
it's the whole idea of covering
something yeah I feel kind of sorry for
him though don't you
I mean he's just trying to stalk you
just trying to stalk some actors by
sneaking into their their studio own
their dressing room it's nothing
unreasonable and creepy about that
exactly everything creepy about that not
to mention the danger the child puts
himself in by crawling through an air
vent really whoa no don't no don't take
leave it at leave it be wait unless if
we rip it open something's in there yeah
rip it open
well I guess some things are just made
to be broken
yeah you know Nick you're pretty swell
sometimes when what you he commits
horrible acts of vandalism
so now let's inspect it the drain grate
is off and I know who did it
now the kids will be able to come in a
kitten does it make you feel great to do
a good deed like that God my dumb eye
yeah you're right Maya I enjoy letting
little kids around sweaty half naked men
that's that's something that I enjoy
doing
Damon look at the great that's looking
at that's what she said I did it already
and she's gonna say this the drinker is
up and I know who did it
there's gotta be something we get for
taking that off you know rich I don't
know the remains of other days lunch
everyone is probably trying to clean up
t-bone this is where they have t-bone
was right all right no this is not the
murder room we're in the employee oh oh
you're right you're right
I guess dressing room I guess
that's what mr. power says at least I
guess they snuck in and took it while he
was sleeping but Nick what if mr. powers
hadn't been sleeping oh whoa whoa what
what if he committed the murder
what if he's just been lying to us this
whole time
we're letting the murderer get off the
hook scot-free that's shockingly
deep-end insightful I know I heard
someone else say that there's an array
of cosmetics here according to Maya that
wig was using some old TV show
samurai buggy woody Nick get with the
picture look explain it to me just how
you can identify a show just by seeing a
wig think we saw everything in here
I don't see anything new we can do here
all right back back I guess I can only
go to the employ area all right mover
now we'll go to the studio main gaits
yep oh you look a little out of place
yeah Penny's out now out but oh it's the
clothes is an end I thought my camel
vest might do the trick
kind of an alternative guard fashion
thing so how are the studio's doing
there's police wandering around
everywhere it's terrible
they won't even let me clean up don't
want to disturb evidence
I haven't even cleaned up our lunch
place from the day of the murder hmm you
mean those plates with the steak bones
left over on the employee area yeah can
you believe in there's a lot of steak
mentioning I know the kids sneak in here
a lot well I don't think there's that
many of them but I do see one particular
he's always going at the sets or
snapping pictures
dun-dun-dun you should see old windbags
eyes flash when she sees him
she's a bit of trouble catching him
though hmm I heard something at the
trial today they said that the director
and producer were here the day of the
murder oh sorry I was in the prop
storage room so I didn't see them I
guess they were here about the studio
had seemed pretty eager to keep us quiet
so they were trying to protect the
director more the producer really the
producers are real star here
she saved these Studios from the brink
of disaster and kept them running I
don't think we'd still be in business if
it weren't for that producer okay is the
producer here
autopsy report card key
show her the card she tell us where the
car key came from Wow they gave a lawyer
one of those card keys well I nice don't
I see okay they're very strict about
those card keys here okay how about this
a photo could you take a look at this
that's mr. powers
why is he dragging his leg like that
what is this anyway looks like she
didn't know about this photo or the
injury that morning we didn't you know
it's weird that we we didn't ask mr.
powers right if you had an image I know
I know
unless that's a twist that's coming we
had to be too stupid to ask him I
suppose I don't spear show her the
spirit everything sure everything a
penalty there's a penalty I just don't
know for there zone any information any
say you work with the props right about
that murder weapon you mean the samurai
spear yeah it's a prop but it's still
pretty heavy I hate having to carry that
thing around so he'd have to be pretty
strong to use it as a weapon
why is mr. powers the only person I can
think of I got to find these producers
and shit I feel like there's something
we missed over here Oh or not or we had
to come back here a second time what was
that noise it sounded like it inside the
trailer that sounded like something yeah
we've been working together for too long
we're finishing each other sentence that
having the same someone must be inside
it's scary they're playing the Ninja
Gaiden music no answer pretty suspicious
if you ask me mmm let's go in I'm not
sure we should be barging in huh it's
locked
why don't we hack Hey no but there's
probably one of the guard station
what are we waiting for it let's go
Sparrow steel about whatever creative
evidence really doesn't make any
difference in this world
hey rich chain of custody hey rich what
what
look at this look at that one spiky
thing by the flowers yeah that's weird
and I think Wow now we're gonna do this
oh but I think I think you got a point
what look at that one spiky thing that
looks kinda different
that'll death then why bother framing
willpower's I guess your TV show you
can't do the TV show without the villain
so it's a total wash may as well cut all
your losses
maybe they they were worried about like
insurance claims or something and who
knows okay I gotta go we gotta go back
to the thing else to do menu we have to
go borrow a key right that's it does it
talk to her again or something behind me
oh sure I'm sure like this thing
the security guard station I can see the
computer that runs the security cameras
oh please don't touch anything in there
the security lady would knock the
stuffing out of me I really want the key
to that trailer maybe next time
it won't let you just go in there
there's no move option to get in there
no there's no move option together maybe
now that we click on that movie it I
mean but we just just because I'm
curious yeah
does anybody who is familiar with this
game know if the game will let you start
the next trial if you don't have the
proper evidence I think I saw Sarah say
before that they won't let you start the
trial okay because like even like if we
move now we can only go back to our you
know we can go back to our law office is
the detention center the employee area
the outside studio one you know so like
there's no like start trial yeah failure
points it's not it's about to join me
it's for the kids meant for kids meant
for kids I'm you know I'm giving a pass
right all right where do we want to move
to what do we want to move to here the
law back to the law offices the
detention center can we move into a
better game we were literally nagged for
months to keep playing this game mom
we're having a fine time we are having
it settle down
anything new going on with that great
seems like if we come back to things
this right what about the grade itself I
know we looked at the whole one of the
vent what something I just clicked on
the vent that time now I'll click on the
whole and it's the same thing
clean yeah we do that already there
doesn't seem to be anything
Kyle McLaughlin says jacked Zack Snyder
got fired I don't believe you you
couldn't Theory be breaking news from
the Justice League movie or just from W
be in general from WV in general it's
conceivable it's conceivable they
wouldn't it's a bit late right right the
movies probably shot already right
forget about this movie what about just
in the future in general for the rest of
DC's films isn't it better if he's gone
of course okay it'd be fantastic news
okay
then don't worry about it it's good news
either way you spin it the question is
would they fire him before the movie
came out by the way we're not we're not
just believing that no I'm not somebody
just said that on chat and I'm and like
I'm skeptical at best I'm skeptical come
on Zack Snyder makes great trailers
that's not even true you know what let's
let's go talk to - we'll all right thank
you for earlier not at all we got lucky
you can say that again
geez well okay let's not say that
anymore though so WP do you have any
leads my kid is going in the right
direction
sorry but no be sure to tell us anything
that comes to mind no matter how small
we can't really we can't rely on getting
lucky again tomorrow
yes sniff
present fish um there's so much things
he had to say about things things
regarding this photo tell us about the
limp now yeah oh maybe this really truly
absolutely isn't you right sniff I was
sleeping in my dressing room the whole
time honest but who else could have worn
it your costume was in your dressing
room
yes I guess they snuck in and took it
while I was asleep but who you're not
gonna tell us about your limp key guard
or the answer regarding the murder
weapon oh yes that plucked him yes it is
heavy that spear it's pretty hefty yeah
Bob I don't think the average person
will be able to swing around effectively
hmm and that's the spear that broke or
something during the morning run-through
yes I goofed around I done a round cake
you see I brought the spear
the security lady fixed it for me right
away though we had a bleep yeah bleep we
heard hmm excuse me thank you for
showing me that whatever it is no way I
can think of some way I could help you
or I can't this is a sorry
sniff we found this card key in your
dressing room oh that's mine yes No
can people outside the studio get these
cards uh I don't think so even I have to
return the card once the show's done
filming that is huh oh here it is here's
the information we're about to get yeah
the shows being canceled oh no no no
that wasn't the information the shit
about to get the shows being canceled
there's nothing I guess I will present
him the guide map but yeah
talk oh okay
Durer fanboys sneaked into the studios
often no not that I know of
oh that security lady's pretty strict
with them but today's testimony didn't
you say they were often hanging around
the kids really really love the steel
samurai they sneak past when she's not
looking I guess hmm was the director
present at the morning run-through yeah
yeah yes he was he was directing now the
steel samurai an evil magistrate should
move that's that's normally what a
director does yes well well just the
studio asked us to keep quiet
it's a repeat myself but Nick here is a
newbie lawyer fresh off the party barely
knows what he's doing he's only one case
and barely at that and he needed help
from a ghost to do it I talked to a
ghost and the ghost housed him solved
the case because he could not supposed
to tell clients that Maya what
sorry I clicked it twice it's okay when
he loses he loses big I see whose side
is she on and people are still saying it
slow you have a magic voice right how
the fuck do I do it I wish I could tell
you rich
all right
I guess we'll go to the law offices oh
really
yeah use your psychic powers we don't
have enough information to make a case
yet yeah I've noticed I've noticed
that's exactly the same thing you said
yesterday just admit it you don't have a
clue what happened of course I don't why
the fuck would I have a clue what
happened oh wait I typed a ghost um what
do you think we should do well what do I
huh what we gotta get the scoop on this
director and producer right but we
couldn't find them remember look at that
do you see that egg in her mouth again
that's what I've been saying I don't to
yell too much and I was probably a
horrible listen to me
they say ain't havin to do her voice
because I know it's probably the worst
thing she's telling us to go back to the
studio did we have to leave the studio
and come back
it's like a studio van they probably
used to carry out equipment okay
nope okay can't get in there okay
we can't get the key while she's
standing there I'll just read the
spoiler in the chat what did you yeah
god damnit chat do you care to hear it
that's not the biggest coiler in the
world oh good go back to the dressing
room there should be someone there I
guess we would have made it there
eventually yeah yeah so this is kind of
lame just the whole you have to leave
the place go back to the place thing
okay what the fuck who are you dudes
lmao Ohio's love we Oh
oh my god wait you first
who are you you look pretty suspicious
to me whatever lame earth you lame
where's the lame how can i how can you
not know the great Sal mandela mandela
of whatever my name is define and make
the leap Joe's still samurai my RTF II
read the film credits oh my god look
really you're these Salmonella
Salmonella
just to your normal voice for that one
rich fuck you too ha ha I'm so sorry I
just
you look so I'm sorry quite all right
really
it's fine rofl what is it you know on
closer inspection yeah hot hot hot bla
bla look at his very attractive lady I
hate this character yeah hey dude you a
lot of cosplay cuz costumes rock Thor's
drool rock sores
what hey you're drooling huh um
lol buffer overrun you've triggered my
creative powers yes yes it's coming to
me pink princess the sequel to steel
samurai big princess warrior two little
oldie Tokyo ro l ROFL LMAO pink princess
why is it gonna be little oldie Tokyo
why can't I get it have a cool name like
neo oldie Tokyo's Maya we really need to
talk about cool and the different things
you find cool oh god we have to talk to
this guy hmm did you notice anything
unusual on the day of the murder
oh I know who you dudes are that
security lady told you about of a that's
right
it was a pretty regular day we had a
run-through for an action scene in the
morning then meeting from lunchtime in
studio to trailer yeah I was so busy I
didn't even get a chance to get much hmm
a t-bone steak was it yeah fuck Thor's I
hate anything on food Nick what does
suck sores mean tell me Nick I really
need to know what sucks or it means it's
a it's a sexual role-playing move that
involves putting jell-o in your mouth
first and then going down on someone
it's quite exhilarating so again as
anyway I was meeting from noon to 4:00
in a beating
it's all fine whatever was in a meeting
from noon until 4:00
with the producer and the bigwig from
Network hmm mr. hammers time of death
was estimated at 2:30 p.m. if he's
telling the truth that meeting gives him
an alibi about the producer who was at
the meeting with you
oh you mean Dave Vasquez sheath of
genius mad skillz all the way scary
though he brought into these studios
from brought these Studios back from the
brink of destruction I hate this voice
yep shit the one who made it possible
for me to make steel samurai you had a
meeting with her on the day of the
murder right yeah we work together from
noon to 4:00 p.m. whole time hmm who
exactly are these bigwig people keep
mentioning oh the boss over at the
network had some sponsors although a few
production guys the pound to a limousine
and got him laid around new major
tension we're all of them with you the
entire time
yes unfortunately they're all
gray-haired Keith Earth Oh sounds like
they'd all be reliable witnesses
I'm gonna hate it when he's on the stamp
the this is WP right how did you know
well look it's obviously dragging its
foot
oh alright the director would know about
the injury he was there oh shit that
doesn't do his very good any good I try
not to pay much attention to think that
don't interest me
lol you don't want to look at the murder
weapon why are you staring at me like
that
honestly kinda wanna throw up okay
nothing's changed in the room
yeah that's still there
all right the spear I started showing in
this period that didn't interest him huh
nothing left to talk to him about and
I'm sure if we walk around we're gonna
run her to the bigwigs or someone Cheryl
all right yeah you're right the bigwigs
will magically show up somewhere yes
did we get any useful new information
from him that he was in a meeting with
people that's all we got between noon
and 4:00 noon and 4:00 okay because we
knew people were in studio too
we knew that you again how rude
acting like you've seen a ghost you
certainly got back to your post quickly
all the police took me away in here they
pulled out a spare steel they pulled out
a spare steel samurai costume told me to
put it on can you imagine how could I a
sweet little old lady wear giant suit
like that mr. powers is pretty tall as
soon as he saw there was no way I could
wear the net big oh by the way that
specifically is what I was afraid of
coming out if we pressed her during the
trial
sure sure when I was like presser no
we're on the high ground now let's stay
the course exactly that's exactly I was
gonna come on anyway no this was never
this old lady never forgets a slight or
an insult right okay so like now maybe
she won't or we have to do more stuff to
get the key or something
probably not but anyway you won't get
any information out of me my lips are
sealed
you sure are talking a lot for someone
with sealed lips is that it now one mmm
mmm ladies too much
so maybe if we if we tried to go easy on
her she would tell us these things but
now she's gonna be all silent right
about that kid you said you saw if I see
him again I'm taking him down now Nick
Nick
look at her eyes she's serious maybe if
she kills him
I can talk to his ghost about the
director the one who was here on the day
of the murder if I see the kind of team
down Nick well I think she's losing it
show her this beer
Wow okay Can I grab that key
well she's not looking that's the
computer Hey okay all right
well then let's keep moving until we run
into more people
alright alright some on the chat it's
just thing we examined the statue or
gunner I suppose we have not done much
there it's a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit
examine the statue again the studio
mascot
apparently it's a monkey of some kind
never seen a monkey with a nose like
that before why don't they put his head
back on maybe who should ask that
assistant Oh for fuck's sake I'm not
sure we really want her fixing anything
ah and you'd probably need a crane to
move that thing hmm probably so heavy
security cameras too pictures doesn't
seem to be switched on today yeah they
don't need security today which do you
think they fake some of the moon landing
footage I don't have any good reason to
think they faked it I know the
Mythbusters did a pretty decent episode
on moon landing stuff right but what
they did was they recreate you know cuz
you know there's a lot of there's a lot
of people saying oh those shadows that
are in those shots could never happen
with a single source of light
yeah like that was their big thing and
so the Mythbusters recreated those
photos with a single source of light not
to prove that you know like the moon
landing really happened but just to say
hey yeah here's a single source of light
we can create this exact photo with
multiple shadows yeah that's a great
episode um I'm sure there's a good
reason for what i never really got
you never saw that many stars and the
moon landing footage the probably the
very simple explanation yeah so the
really cool thing about the moon-landing
is I want to say Zeiss a lens maker had
to make a very special lens because
there is just not a lot of light up
there yeah
and so they had to make a very special
lens to go up there to catch the little
bit of shitty light that we got to see
okay and so because there's so little
light up there and because the lens had
to be so specific I can just imagine
that the stars didn't pick up yeah
how I mean how often those stars pick up
just on regular film right I can imagine
they landed on the dark side they didn't
land on the dark side no okay they
landed on the light side but it's still
not at least I guess the side where
light was currently on because that's
not necessarily what the dark side of
the moon means that's just the side we
don't see well but I also remember that
the light that comes to earth is
filtered through our atmosphere that is
reflected off of everything else like
the light that comes to earth is very
different than the light that's on moon
I'm the moon who wouldn't you say oh it
is nice ah good
you need the curvature of Earth's
atmosphere to focus the stars oh is that
it
I don't know about that could be I don't
know about that who knows no you don't
see the stars on the moon because the
moon is flat oh no you know what that's
that's one of the so one of the fun
things that fuels conspiracy theorists
you know they say that Kubrick actually
shot the moon landing I read that that
sounds insane because it's a lot of
weight oh sorry I'm sorry I'm really
sorry
because Kubrick used Zeiss lenses very
similar to the ones that they used on
the moon to shoot Barry Lyndon which was
shot with all natural candle light okay
candle light that's all any kind of like
moon landing faked conspiracy that's a
awful lot of people to keep shut
yes yes someone would have said
something on their deathbed oh right
yeah all right we got it we got to
figure this out I don't know where to go
I just don't know what I know how does
that prove right well that's it's crazy
conspiracy theories that and you know
it's it's it's all crazy check the
employee area I've already been to the
fucking employee area did I have to
leave the employee area a fuck you
that's a little bit annoying this is
super annoying you have to figure out
which area to leave and then come back
to that's super annoying there's very
little I can do about it hey it's like I
get it we needed to take the thing off
of the vent and then the kid shows up
but only after you talk to the producer
and after you then you go outside and
talk to the security guard hey hey wait
what no Betty came in right through that
drain hey I'm kidding
what's your name sport I'm not a kid so
don't talk to me like that that's good
huh but you you are a kid what a rude
little prick there's I don't see no
adults here hippy fashion chick you got
a point there I am underage there kind
of dress like not really a hippie and
I'm dressed like a Geisha why the fuck
am I dressed like a Geisha
Nick Nick well they're dressed like a
Geisha
I have so many questions as well I am
your your crystals you're believing in
ghosts your psychic abilities Gatien as
yeah there's so many questions hey this
game take place hey I'm Cody Cody
Hawkins
call me kitty again and I'll cut you
down where you stand evildoer so you're
a fan of the steel samurai how dare you
utter that name evildoer what do you
mean wherever still samurai side ha ha
ha ha you can't fool me
ok then what's the last line sent by the
innkeeper episode 8 yeah easy
like some fries with that huh not bad
kitty Oh
watch it what are they doing god damn it
I see picking his nose
he's a kid kids do that they just pick
their nose naturally they don't know
shame yet say have you heard anything
about the incident the other day you
were here weren't you did you see
anything
hee hee hee always the steel samurai
always wins always yeah I saw I saw
everything
why is she shocked all right but but no
way am I telling you losers wah
wait let me kill ya get off me you
losers
he's gone Oh huh something fell off the
table what he pumped into it on his way
out oh wow this is crystal meth the
Steel's they will powers was on crystal
meth the whole time and he does have a
solid alibi he was with his drug dealer
but he didn't want to say anything cuz
that would get him in trouble even
though it completely clears him of the
murder because that is so it's gonna
happen in a kid's game right why was
this sitting there I wonder anyway what
was that kid saying he saw everything so
I guess he said some got Buddhist
meditating it was one with the universe
the drain where the fanboy came in he
didn't waste any time coming in either
talk about cause and effect
hayashi mama let's see who shows up when
we move now it's that guy still oh god
he's still here well I am the vaccine
for stupidity oh I want to drop the mic
so hard I am rich bringing the hurt
bringing the hurt
what where's that old windbag she's out
of her to leave her posts we could
probably get the kena Oh nope Nick Nick
that was her stop stop let us never yeah
yeah sounds like she's chasing after
that boy oh we can get the key oh she
tripped Maya sure looks happy it's
discomforting knowing she finds joy in
other people's pain oh okay so now we
examine go over here
hey listen yes listen
hey listen now's our chance let's check
out the guard station yes that's why I
pointed it oh this is it Nick the
trailer trailer I don't know the key
that the key to that trailer in studio
two will be borrowing this right Nick
I've learned a lot from you that's right
stealing's okay yeah how is any of this
admissible
we've just swiped it ourselves from
crime scenes like it hasn't been like
evidence that's been collected by an
authority wait fuck I could just grab a
knife out of my kitchen
I could give it to the judge and say it
was the real murder weapon
he wouldn't know any different have you
met that Judge he that would work let's
do it
I should just have a collection of
knives at home fuckin we'll just say we
found the knife in the fucking old bad
Steve pants let her lawyer deal with it
great no I'm not even playing Mass
Effect drama Andromeda to make fun of it
I am I do not want to have anything to
do with the series it's dead it's a
corpse
now I wonder if the key we borrowed from
the guard station will work it opened
maybe that's supposed to be her eager
face oh well shit trailer here we go
here we go rich shit look at that baby
eek so Sissis says someone's in here
mm-hmm I can't do sophisticated name
know Nene chicopee names
well we're W P's lawyers and um I say
and who might you diva scares the
producer dee Vasquez she's quite
beautiful oh my eye
I don't know what to or the day of the
crime now I was wondering if you could
tell me about the day of the murder miss
Vasquez script plays excuse me
script I'm looking for a script a script
the steel samurai episode 13 I needed um
could we ask you a bit about the day of
the murder I need to raid in we're
getting nowhere fast
all right um but we'd really like to ask
you about the steel samurai mrs. Vasquez
it sound TV every week that's all I have
to say about that
they know Jacob a she's telling us to go
watch TV hey don't get mad at me about
the director Sal Manila was it what
exactly is his role here besides of
course being the director perhaps I
didn't make myself clear
I'm looking for a script
I can't be bothered with anything else
ooh-ooh darlin Nick yep are all people
in the entertainment business so fucked
up yes yes they are they crave attention
and when they get it there's a
unmissable high and when they don't get
it it's it's a terrible crash they're
horrible people there's someplace else
we have to check no no there isn't
wait
yes if you see Manila give him this why
do we have to do your errands I don't
think I like her
sniff don't cry
she'll take it as a sign of weakness all
right we'll give it to him if we see him
that is let's see what that is oh it's
just a memo this is bring me the script
for episode 13 all right let's examine
some stuff it looks like they were
designing a set to use for the steel
samurai show they've got some figures
for how much the sets costs I can't
believe they spend that much money on
those sets Jack sounds like the sheriff
from Smokey and the Bandit that's not
true when I do her voice I'm trying to
think of any voice well again it's a
little servant
so maybe I'm like like boss boss boss
scum Jackie Gleason was that him Jackie
Gleason was smokey there might have been
a different character who was Sheriff
oh I don't know scumbo scumbo hum from
when you did pooping in P I I was trying
to I was channeling a combination of
macho man randy savage mixed with smokey
jackie gleason for smokey in the bed
wash we got here this is where they had
that meeting there are documents and
paper cups scattered around okay hey
garbage can
nothing in here that could be a clue
just some paper cups and crumpled
documents another old movie poster the
singing samurai starring jack hammer
what the hell do samurais sing about
chopping off heads
that's so culturally insensitive you
know damn well that's the Arabs nice
excellent culturally insensitive joke
rich you know that was unexpected little
setup a little pale it's great samurai
summer starring jack hammer this posters
quite hold wow it's been years since I
saw that show this is just gonna be
another joke but able to go through it
an old movie poster Dynamite samurai
starring jack hammer
I guess mr. hammer used to be quite the
star
hmm can I present you with something
this empty bottle perhaps nope this beer
perhaps no this photo perhaps am I
really gonna have to go give the guy
this no first I am I know I am why do I
fight it
why fight it you gotta go give the guy
the note first yeah you gotta go give
the guy the knot first make us go
through hoops it's fine it's fine it's
fine
Shango odd sorry if that annoys you
I think it's funny you got a deal with
that man you just got a deal with that
Stephen I remember I get places okay an
employee area move dressing room
and we're gonna present this guy with
the note here I got this from the
producer bring me the script for episode
13 episode 13 where'd I put that one I
must have left it somewhere oh oh my ass
is pwned if I don't find it Nick it
might be quicker to just look at all the
places where he's like we don't been oh
Jesus
we have to do more busy work it's it's
like a fetch quest
it's a fetch quest without the ability
to move properly alright well then where
we gonna go here employee area first do
we see any script where is it different
we didn't fight it we've been doing all
about looking around earlier care of it
right
my guess is it's in studio one that's a
place we haven't been recently that's
just in case let's check the guard
station bops on the mst3k trailer I have
have not seen the mst3k trailer neither
have I
we're Bank of the scene of the crime
let's find what we need get out of here
quick Nick I see it already right there
hey look that's the chair of the
director sits in we couldn't look at
that earlier now I've always wanted to
sit in one of these we went we did look
in this earlier the director Maya take a
look around that chair for me you know
like right on top of it because we can
see it it's amazing we never saw that
before yeah that's weird
good work there we go I have seen these
spider-man homecoming trailer it was
fine yeah it probably shows you too
goddamn much right like I now know the
entire plot of the film right it is
interesting that they're kind of like
flipping it he starts off with a good
suit I like that and then have to like
the old suit so like oh this might go
somewhere very Peter Parker right go
back to your rags kid that was and by
the way that was such a like an Iron Man
line specifically if you can't do it
without the suit then you don't deserve
it in the first place it's like oh shit
yeah that's right you fucking Iron Man
we learned that lesson an Iron Man 3 a
perfect action movie that's great
have I seen the trailer have you seen
the instruments in the each other I just
don't care that much about a time a
little looks trailer I don't know that I
don't know that it looks bad or anything
but I mean you don't have the Tim Curry
so why are you bothering people are
gonna see the movie and they're gonna be
saying oh wow yeah everything else is
better I sure do miss them Tim Curry man
Tim Curry is the best
everything else is so much better but ah
Tim Curry was great and you know I have
no special love for it
I don't either I'm not a horror guy
though I'm not really the person to ask
sure in depth thoughts okay that might
be a J thing yeah but like like I saw it
and it was creepy when I was a kid but
it's like it's just it's I have no I
have no special kind of love like I like
it doesn't insult me personally that
they're remaking it I I didn't watch the
whole freaking trailer it looks like the
clown's more of a monster looking club-y
a little point that he's deceptively
looking like a a sweet goofy clown like
a no he's look like a normal boy why
would he look like a monster clown
what's maybe they're only showing the
part where it maybe maybe he's like
looks normal sometimes looks monsters I
don't know okay what do you guys think
of Stephen King hey Stephen King has a
lot of rhythm mouths huh diarrhea of the
mouth like a finishing finish sorry
along this thing when Stephen King has a
lot of really great premises and he has
no idea how to finish any of them I have
never read the conclusion to a Stephen
King work and been satisfied with the
way it all came together boom boom
never ever the stand really great
opening chapters with that bomb the bomb
blows up
meetings has the heroes watches magic
now he has some amazing premises and
yeah he can never quite wrap it up but
yes them to be fair Chad you were right
he did nail Shawshank yes sure that's
true I don't know I don't know how much
got changed from the book one 2263 does
not have an amazing ending it has the
worst ending
which which one is 122 63 that's the
that's the one that they adapted into
well and maybe it's different in the
book but the one that they adapted into
a Hulu original oh that's the one with
the time traveler who has to go back to
try to stop the assassination of JFK
amazing set up some really neat tiny
weirdo powers well just a horrible
fucking ending a absolute letdown of an
ending you know what I've heard really
good things about The Dark Tower series
but I've never read them as it's Stephen
King and his ending is for the most part
I don't completely enjoy his works
I haven't read everything that Stephen
King has ever done I just know like
right now the handful of things I
actually have read because you keep
hearing about Stephen King I'll try it I
like science fiction yeah I've always
been disappointed well the ones that I
have read me as well I've read the
Tommyknockers I've read The Stand okay
I read needful things if I actually sat
down I've read anything else visited all
the way through right well you know what
cuz you read enough and you just go oh I
stopped trying yeah
like The Stand I wanted to read I want
to love that yeah then maybe the next
one yeah he has written a shitload of
books now and by the way he should be
commended for his work ethic work ethic
he just writes a book and he gives
millions of dollars no but he writes
that book so many other author authors
wouldn't finish the book because they
couldn't think of a good ending not
Stephen King he finishes it right and
that man's oh that man's a good worker
shining read The Shining oh my god here
we found it here script
great for when I'm not that big on
straight up or like for the most part
what I've read of his has been
things I have read have been I've had
more of it like a science fiction he bed
to them mm-hmm sure Tommyknockers they
dig up a UFO doesn't need concept I'm
interested in reading dark tower because
that's a little like fantasy fiction
mmm-hmm supposed to be good and the
movie looks good the stills that we've
seen
we're not even paying attention to it
again I'm done okay rich is done I'm
done
all right I don't know when we can like
when we can stop how do you how do you
save scum everyone tells me to save scum
let's try to get to a point where I can
stop playing I think I started reading
part of The Dark Tower one of them one
of those books and I stopped very early
on there's like an extended bit about
some woman's period oh it was gonna be
more crap isn't it you know the man
writes books that is his job and he does
it all the time that's good for him man
good for him Stephen King apparently has
a bunch of like premises and synopses
for works of for works that can be
adapted into movies that he offers free
to student filmmakers really yeah says
you need an idea uh yeah here's the
synopsis
like make make a movie out of it as long
as you're a student filmmaker you can do
it for free
Wow boom Wow great twenty pages before
breakfast apparently Hey
be like Stephen King we're all here
talking about Stephen King
Christina's great just for the the
impressive and yet really simple effects
Christine was the car the car that could
heal itself yes they just they just had
it being damaged in Reverse haha they
had some kind of like cables inside that
were like pulling dents into the car and
no really yeah and you reverse it and it
looks like the car is healing itself
yeah that isn't he just got a carpet
it's you have the laptop oh it's under
spray your turn oh it's under your
speedmen speed their mum ah
feet available you know I have just
speed him in which me um close and
reopen the cm but it looks like we might
be caught up but it looked like that
last time
how old windows were you ever not suck
will you ever not suck no oh then you
won't even open the Start menu windows
windows get your shit together oh thank
you thank you why was that so hard all
right I don't know if there's problems
it says it just says nothing here yet
when people send you money it will
appear here and their laptops done for
the night hold on yep yes I know that's
there is Karen probably wants me to come
home
it is shockingly late we talked about
cuphead we did that
hey Rick and Jack I really enjoyed the
look of Twilight Princess really wish
they'd do more realistic looking games
again I think we talked about that also
please come to a best of the worst
episode in Pittsburgh not gonna happen
we have nothing personal against
Pittsburgh but we just we don't leave
nowhere I got it we're not gonna go to
Pittsburgh just to do a bus to
Pittsburgh hey Jay if Resik - hey Jack
how did you like that rampage cosplay
photo where I was holding Jason David
Frank's head
Jason is playing bloodshot now and
rampage is his mirror opposite Photoshop
works wonders you got to get yourself a
prop head someone a valiant comic your
character someone who's been sharing
some cosplay they're doing of him yeah
full body paint by the way yeah like
looks it looks great your cosplay it
looks great but man it's gonna be a shit
bitch to wash off just that full-body
pain and it's like all black body paint
what's this prop head business so he
showed a photo and he's holding
someone's head yeah but apparently it's
a photo shaft in the head of one of his
enemies okay and if you're gonna do that
proper cosplay out at the cons you need
an actual prop head are you sure it's
Photoshop could it just be an amazing
hand yeah yes he said it was function
okay I asked him on Twitter and they
said it was Photoshop you need a prop do
they need the head for the costume a
character frequently curry around a
severed head oh that's a good question I
assumed it looks kind of like they were
doing a cover like a mock cover comic so
you need a head you need a real head and
then you could also put makeup or spray
paint the head I'm just trying to help
I'm trying to help out a cosplay rich
what do you know about cosplaying um I
know that if I saw a cosplayer holding a
fake head I would love that that's what
I know that's what I know about cosplay
all right hey
guys what advice about something you
know about well you just go tell Donald
shrimp how to run the country oh I don't
come by that's right help Mom hey guys
if your simple we'd park it's coming out
tomorrow and I'm thinking of checking it
out with what little hours I can spare
maniac mansion guys you might enjoy yeah
Ron Gilbert okay one of the old-school
LucasArts yeah point-and-click adventure
guys has made what is it called thimble
we'd park which looks a lot like skull
der and Molly like it looks like an
x-files point-and-click adventure game
and I heard about this old school point
click event yeah yeah apparently the
work been in the works for a while yeah
that sounds familiar
there's a lair what do you think we
screwed up to Phoenix rights in a row we
could change yeah oh we're gonna change
it up on Sunday okay one we'll need some
we'll need some other game Ahn
thanks for the hell Airstream tonight
you guys are hilarious I know this will
be read later but that's fine sorry for
the sloggy parts original game came out
on gameboy color so it happens I
understand I understand
old old system meant for a younger
audience I get oh yeah it's just you
know like it's upsetting that it
happened so many times in the same
sequence yeah buddy
that's alright gobbledygook says have
you read the Bachmann books the running
man because I really liked the movie the
running man I didn't care for the book
that much which is completely different
I didn't care for the ending of the book
that much I should specific oh it just
doesn't know how to end itself much like
the rest of Stephen King's works doesn't
matter if he's writing under a different
name or not he still doesn't know how to
end his fucking stories let's see but I
waited though it is amazing just how
much different the book is oh really
the only thing they took is the concept
of a criminal being televised as he's
running oh sure to kill him yes that's
an easy premise but you know you don't
have the super villain that's like a
costumed
ro goofy super villains just anybody who
sees him could kill a minutes it's not
in like a specific arena it's just
we're anywhere in the actual oh really
yeah oh but it just by bad ending it is
know how to end it right so bad it's a
bad ending okay alright if I were
teaching middle school English I would
throw that in there just for shits and
giggles says gobbledygook s' I gave
Stephen King a lot more tries than I
should have
ultimately Stephen he has great premises
yes he has great ideas I've been let
down every fucking time yet here here's
the thing here's the thing about great
premises but here's the thing about your
great idea this is a lesson for everyone
out there your great idea for a book or
a movie isn't worth shit until you write
it Stephen King great ideas not that
great a writer great ideas he makes it
happen it's great he's a motivation he's
a motivation to all of us rich
sorry chance is also a good thing you're
very close to the trial good also good
thing you're very close to the trial but
that's for the next time again thanks
for phoenix white oh okay Oh apparently
Phoenix right I originally came out on
the Game Boy Advance okay okay there we
are we are all caught up on ticks on
ticks we're all caught up on ticks
everyone check your head chip behind the
ears is where ticks like to bury
themselves so if you're out in the woods
but you know before before you going you
got to check for ticks check before they
bite down that's important are you so
crazy
camping in Wisconsin rich you gotta be
you have to be aware of ticks mr.
Beebe's is once they bite into you what
are you two fucking months in a row says
you can pull their bond I have no clever
joke for 22 months two twenties E's head
what I want to stay is 22 and it's
nothing fucking gross so fucking gross
hey we got another tip
Len flexes he says the stream I linked
to you is one of the earlier streams
from 2014 that you didn't upload not
trying to be an asshole about you being
behind on streams currently ah no
problem I will look into that I will
look into that Len
also I last 1984's for twenty two
fucking months in a row make film not
war says oh my god
Tyson welcome Kirin XP nonsense eel
nonsense see no nonsense in a bag
nonsense in a bag that's a that's a good
user name might I suggest capitalizing
the start of each word easier to
understand lieutenant lieutenant smash
lieutenant LT seems that could be a
lieutenant
LT smash what that is Lucas Ducas for 18
months in a row says bucum boys ivan GPX
Hartman's
z for 15 months in a row don't you bet
14 months in a row jelly sickle 101
welcome no we a man says same stuff the
next level of Bo TW length increase will
be when you just upload the unedited raw
footage that would save us so much time
we would have had this episode up it'd
also be much dullard to look at i don't
you really don't understand you guys
would hate it that there's a lot of just
quiet board moments with some of these
films you would hate it
whose civilizations khuskhus thirty four
fucking months in a row I think six six
might be one of the first yeah so like
that's the one like a couple months
couple months a couple months to figure
out what we're gonna do here rich geez
we've got to say something new captain
blue 42 says I didn't think I'd like
these Phoenix right streams as much as I
do
oh my god captain blue 42 I didn't think
I'd like these Phoenix right streams as
much as I do that's a triple mr. shields
II Walt hisin beard for 30 fucking
months in a row this rarely go out of my
way to give compliments but I got to
admit you guys are at the top of your
game with the latest Bo TW h ITB and
prereq best in a while thank you thank
you Steve the GIMP Chuck Fox C Smith
$55.99
captain Jake Eric in the north
Sam be DEQ's says hack frog cos Misner
127 fuckin months and a roses iw p.m. no
fear no envy for 25 fuckin months in a
row says o flaxen ski says thanks for
paying attention to my stream 2014 tip
go see Logan I know I need to go see
Logan thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do there's just so many moves any see
when you see Logan
