Aug 9, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8McwH4SaxQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/895371772199133184

I'm people can see what we're doing
hello hello we on this thing on all
right I got I got FTL up on here
you'll love FTL right
sure I know you love I got a little
tired of looking at Jason so I'm gonna
play that later I'm sorry
how's it gonna happen oh we need a ship
kara what ship what ship do you like I
have everything unlocked on this bass
cuz the steam edition what ship do you
like Bren um anyone but like this one I
play this but a lot I just kind of play
this one I know what the red one looks
like a crab leg right well with the crab
legs it's what we got all right you get
to select people from the chat to be
named Karen oh there's a guy you can
determine this however you want like you
can ask them to amuse you or however you
want to do this
sure amuse me no reason to use your name
first person to amuse Karen - it was the
one who said Jack's a clown so he must
taste funny everyone's just gonna say
I've always liked combo cabbage patches
name there's a room how many characters
can you have I'm Bertos fine okay I'll
put in humberto see maybe it'll take it
no he's just see I'm gonna see out so we
have from Berto all right next person oh
how about taco Fox because I'm sure
that's some kind of double attacked but
I don't know whether it's I don't know
what it means but I'm sure it's
something dirty all right all right
person number three
dr. ramen he says he's a doctor that
specializes in cooking noodles come on
that's a useful specialty ramen
all right last person Kelly Pat says
they need this job to pay for their
anime addiction and they're begging me
so ke Li PP o t ke l I'm PPO t1 l or to
100k piece one all to piece Kelly Kelly
pop-up yeah all right all right name of
the ship this doesn't have to be a
person we just need a name for the ship
krabby patty the krabby patty
yeah the krabby patty it is right we'll
be playing unnormal you know anyway
they're named sour grapes no it'd be
funny if their name were sour grapes it
would all right so we got a mentorship
we have a captain nitpick but no sour
grapes oh they would have been a good
captain for your ship oh well too late
where's unpause jump Joe yeah we are in
normal normal is your pussies fuck off
oh no I'm pickle Hitler thay hopes that
something awful happens to me
wow-whee look here's the here's the plan
the night I'm doing one run of FTL I
don't know
Manta ship and this is a an airless
Scout ship we can't board it that's
unfortunate
this don't look very insect io and then
after FTL I'm doing more Friday than
13th god damnit I think Jake is still on
vacation part two or else he's
recovering from vacation part two
or maybe he picked up rabies from his
mom's dog I don't know he'll be back
Sunday right should be
that's pretty easy
they want to know rich your opinion on
the Friday the 13th patch news I don't
know anything about the patch news
what is the patch news other people are
saying that the screen is getting cut
off and they can't see the left half of
the screen
alright I'll fix it the second I was
gonna say forever what was my reaction
too rich telling me he makes Internet
videos as a decrepit old man with a
broken VCR I've known rich quite a while
I knew rich before during and after his
stint as decrepit old man it's kind of
so during yeah let's not let's not jump
the gun just yet it's all over kid well
sometimes blanket is you and sometimes
blanket is Mike and the whole thing is
kind of confusing oh I respect rich less
now that he is a Sony executive as far
as I know he isn't but Sony executive
sounds like it's good paying so
congratulations rich blanket is Mike
Evans alright we'll get a ship we can
actually board this time no more team
killing and counselors will be able to
emote wait no more team killing no no
that's part of the game
how do I feel about dating someone who
gradually became a celebrity well this
is small Cecil of Verdun yeah
also I'm glad that he's able to do
something that he enjoys instead of
doing something that he doesn't enjoy
simply to make money we're gonna
reassign some people all right there we
go
all right playing as a fucking mantis
ship I've not run across one ship we can
board okay here's our first tip and
watch it old best the worst episodes and
have to ask why did you just stop after
the W V world matrix and the amazing
bulk and just say fuck this fun to do as
miserable as it can be you'd miss it
so these ships have different
atmospheres don't you have like a
respirator or well they either have an
atmosphere or none and no for gameplay
reasons you can't wear a respirator you
just fucked I wanna know if you've ever
tried darkest dungeon a little bit yeah
wasn't so into the style of combat
there's a lot I liked about it oh that's
right the the screen thing what about
they want to know if you've seen Brolin
as cable makeup test shots Brolin those
who as cable makeup test channels I have
no idea I don't give a fuck about the
x-men or cable so it's not something
I've really looked into last time I
talked to your brother about German
stuff you really loved it well that's
cold um I'm making some kind of use out
of the four years of high school German
that I still remember oddly enough a
little of it's a cool language all
languages are cool the fact there are
different languages is cool cool kind of
an ambition just come beyond me and be
Essen what don't you say random shit get
it all right ash vs. Evil Dead I think
you've seen all of those ah liking it so
far
I don't TV show right yes liking it so
far I don't know what they're gonna do
for the next season kind of worried
about it yeah you know what
I could I could use these guys to delay
the rebels or I could just flat-out if I
stopped okay sorry no you're not go on
sorry
no you're not go out lissa greetings
from Germany and notice this is what
they're finding Staton I think okay I'm
kind of debating whether or not I should
fight these rebels or use them to fight
these pirates these these mercenaries or
use them to delay the rebels is that
like a hail Hydra logo probably inspired
by it but technically it's just a pirate
logo a purple octopus see yeah
oh wait a minute it's an octopus with
the like a skull like crossbones behind
it yeah sorry those aren't words like a
tentacle skull with crossbones because
octopuses have skulls well they're
aliens it's like an alien thing look I
may be alien ox
yeah I have skulls or maybe aliens have
octopi like faces have you thought about
that maybe don't think I've like no
squid they have like one-eyed octopuses
have two eyes can they want me to stop
abusing you am i abusing you in any way
shape or form
oh oh oh make it stop make it stop
really did you just say no how about I'm
fighting aliens are just humans with
bumpy heads it seems to work for the
Star Trek universe my day has been
lovely I hope yours just been as well
rich and karen says hyper hyper as
starters hyper Oscar is whatever
apologies rich and Karen I'm thinking of
going to Chicago what's your favorite
deep-dish place dear dot Giordano's Papa
Gino's any place you'd recommend for
Chicago dogs well I know I know what you
and your mother are super fond of pizza
it depends on and where you're going if
you're going to be anywhere near the
south suburbs there's a place called Lou
Malnati's that has fantastic deep-dish
pizza in my humble opinion Giordano's is
very good not dominos dear Dennis is
very good or Pizzeria Uno and pizzeria
do a downtown although they can be a bit
expensive and a bit crowded but yeah
O'Donnell's is definitely quality pizza
and Lou Malnati's is is very good but I
don't know I think Lou Malnati's is
mostly in the south suburbs
also a few if you want to get non
deep-dish I'm not sure why you would
want to get non deep-dish because
Chicago is all about the deep-dish but
beggars Pete's I think is one of the
better thin crust
yeah in the Chicago area and there's a
number of those around you good pizza
pretty much anywhere that's not chained
hot dogs you know I'm not I wouldn't say
I'm a hot dog kind of sewer necessarily
I mean Portillo's if you'd remember them
there they've got good hot dogs they've
got good everything they've got very
good grilled vegetable sandwiches in
general I'd say anything with Vienna
beef hot dogs it's probably a safe bed
long as you got a Vienna beef hot dog
and I and a nice fresh bond condiments
are kind of condiments
do I like beard rich better or baby's
face rich better
well the beard the beard looks a little
strange at first but then at one point
he went and shaved the beard and it was
like yep put the beard back I like the
beard it's like too much like a baby's
butt otherwise like a baby's butt huh a
typical Chicago dog add veggies and crap
like that well I like veggies I'm like a
everything but the kitchen sink on
sandwiches and food and stuff kind of
person but usually chicago-style hot
dogs involve pickles and sport peppers
and and celery salt and mustard tomato
onion potentially supposedly supposedly
it's an affront to Chicagoans if you ask
for ketchup but in truth pretty much any
hot dog stand in Chicago is gonna have
ketchup and nobody really gives us shit
if you ask for ketchup you like ketchup
get ketchup
rich do you remember Scarface the movie
uh yeah I remember Scarface that's the
reference in the play over here okay
the beard worked for Jonathan Frakes
Frank's babyface bum chin I liked his
butt babyface balm Jim though that
Jonathan Frakes was a cutie when he was
younger he's handsome still the beard is
an easy way to determine whether or not
it's a good or bad episode of TNG
Tiffany I agree with you
DJ demon that yellow mustard tends to be
an inferior product I tried to convince
rich of this once and accidentally found
out that he really hates mustard period
I got him some good brown mustard and he
hated it even worse but yeah yellow
mustard is usually inferior to uh it's a
nice coarse ground real mustard I have
not tried the processed horse penis and
Chinese people hotdog variety yet maybe
maybe in the future the far distance to
try it distant future we're gonna try it
ready try something that's something
stupid what do you think of the new Star
Trek Discovery trailer
I haven't even washed the show kind of
lost me before it even started
this is gonna work out great or horrible
that was risky I tried a boarding
procedure aa on a ship that was getting
ready to leave which means I could have
lost my crew when the ship left but we
were able to take down the ship before
that happened I know that that's all
over your head well I get the concept
ship leaves your people around there
they can't leave all the ship is moving
because they'll get hit by asteroids or
something well I try the Orville or skip
it oh I'm looking forward to the Orville
the Orville looks like it's going to be
a loving Star Trek parody in the vein of
shot of the Dead where it's kind of both
parody and it also obviously loves the
fuck out of the original material do you
think the formula of doom 2016 can be
approved improved upon I don't know what
I would do off the top of my head but
sure is gonna be maybe some kind of new
and interesting enemy all right Tiberius
I was wondering where you were you seem
like you're usually here and I'd noticed
that I didn't see your name this is bad
this is not the ship we want to fight I
don't want to see anything with a
fucking zoltán shield Cabbage Patch says
Karen rich told us have you told us you
got him drunk one drunk once or twice
what was rich like in is Annie Bree ated
state like rich slightly sillier but
like rich super what dumb wasn't really
expecting anything in particular
the the funniest story I've got about
that is when you had your wisdom teeth
taken out and you were like pretending
to flatline and protecting
diet stuff as a joke and just generally
big silly but that was you know whatever
they sedate you with for conscious
sedation for dental procedure fuck this
chicken buttocks chicken Mik buttocks
says do you think rich will ever name
you heiress to the rlm prereq fortune
he's not allowed to die ever
so it's irrelevant
Oh
hot hole home video says rich remember
Vietnam remember my mother yeah we
remembered as Vietnam like it was half a
decade before our birth I got some other
reference to something very old can I
tell rich an inside-joke
only you two would get hmm I have to
think about that I think of one I still
wouldn't do it I only got an aunt a
boarding drone that's not good rich yes
yes yes 20 bucks I know and we won't
explained it to you because it's an
inside joke
have we ever been on the kiss comic am
at a baseball game we have not and every
time we're at a baseball game I always
hope we will be I do gotta get ready so
we can guess if they but it's never
happened it never even happened at the
minor-league games we go to some of
which are far less attended than some of
the big big league games to get out a
fire off I want auto fire on now
Disney has their own convention now
obviously they will start their own
streaming service I read something today
that in I think it's in 2019 Disney is
parting ways with Netflix which I don't
really care because I mean like they
have wanna on there and they had Jungle
Book on there but for the most part like
all the Disney movies that you might
want to see the classic animated Disney
features are not on Netflix now it's
just like you know Disney Channel movies
aimed at 10 year olds which probably
have a huge annoying fan following but
I'm not really part of it they want to
know what sector you're on first I think
right now ii know this is the first not
I'll tell you service shortly and et and
then says they bought fto last night and
they loved it
oh this games great why'd it take you so
long I demand to know why it took you so
long
damn the Disney Vault awho if you
haven't seen the video about vault
Disney I suggest you do so Netflix
doesn't have it but other things do
sector 1
we're not Netflix Oh YouTube doesn't
have it though other things do decent
amount of scrap but that's what happens
when you do boarding Aladdin is your
favorite Ladin was a lens great Aladdin
because of Robin Williams it's good good
music - it's fun story lens all-around
good not just because it Robin Williams
baseball baseball accommodates all
levels of enjoyment from one to your
background noise to obsessive
statistical modeling it does it
definitely does it's also you know easy
to keep track of you can listen to it on
the radio or you can just have like
go-to MLB's you know thing and it'll
show you just the the pitches of stuff
and you can look at it every once in a
while and keep up with a game if you're
kind of half paying attention baseball
you can pay as much attention or as
little attention as you want to and
still kind of follow what's going on
pretty lucky focus stumbling yeah this
is well this is fairly Ural friendly
maybe I guess it's like midnight 43 or
something in in Deutschland and most of
Europe but it's not as ridiculously late
do the other heirloom dudes go to
baseball games probably not no geeking
out about unaffiliated minor league
teams that very few people in the world
care about us rich is a nice thing do we
ever go to Brewers games once in a while
we haven't been this year I love that
their stadium has a roof and if the
weather is shit you they just close it
up corn belters I have been we've been
to a corn belters game and normal I
think that they're stoned looking ear of
corn logo is kind of awesome
I wish I could get off their mailing
list every time I like unsubscribe from
one of their mailing lists somehow
another a new one sprouts up and I'm
getting more mail for the corn belt errs
which you know I don't live anywhere
near normal nothing against them I just
live anywhere near them mantis is your
favorite team where's mantis in front of
the brew crew are fighting for first
yeah they're there they and the Cubs are
neck-and-neck but whichever one of them
ends up taking the division is
definitely going to have to step up
their game if they want to win
you know this good night and and also
much fun with Friday the 13th thank you
Condor man one
oh the White Sox are unbelievably awful
this year
yeah that's life yeah I kind of I kind
of tried out to think about it too much
the Dodgers they're the ones in like
with like the 700 that the Dodgers are
that though yeah I think it's the
Dodgers somebody's got a record over
right now that's like 700 something
which is just on Godley yeah the Sox are
definitely in full rebuild they're there
and why not I mean what they're doing
what they were doing is not working
do I like National League rules or
American League rules better other than
the designated hitter thing I don't know
what much different another difference
well I think questions do you prefer the
BH or not yeah
tentatively and there's more strategy
with this there is more strategy a lot
more yeah punting and whatnot
I guess question is do you like watching
aging sluggers crank out home runs or do
you prefer watching
titters pitchers fun strategically right
h3o plus basically in the difference
between what we're talking about is in
the American League and the teams that
are in the American League the pitcher
doesn't bat when it's the pitchers turn
in the rotation when everybody but the
pitcher has batted they have a
designated hitter who does it in the
National League that pitcher bats as
well here are my thoughts about the
ditch I like it as like something that
separates the Ale from the net from the
arc numerically from the National League
it's like they have their own identity
thanks to the D H I like that you can
make an argument that it when it comes
down to the World Series and interleague
play but more importantly the World
Series it's a pretty major handicap to
the American League team because they
play in the National Park yeah but they
don't they don't cultivate a designated
hitter designated hitter designated
hitter designated hitter
they don't have someone on the roster
why can I get anything else but you hit
good and then when it comes time in the
world series they need to designate
someone as a hitter well I don't really
but it's a disadvantage for the American
League teams in the National League park
because they're their pitchers hardly
ever
there's always fuckin bunt or something
stupid anyway some of them I mean you
know I mean like Carrie what did a
homerun in one of the playoff games
there are pictures who there have been
multiple pitchers who did not suck ass
at pitching
I love batting what I love I am blessed
to but it isn't I'm not working with any
kind of strategy where that would be
useful I'm thinking if I get a drone
control ship I might find a boarding
drone at some point and that would go
well with what I'm doing
yes calling it the World Series when
it's 29 US teams and one Canadian team
is indeed silly I think it's the only
sport that does that though the fire
drone if I can find some rock men fire
drone and rock men as a boarding party
oh god that would be badass that would
be badass
don't you agree Karen that's your part
it's great keep reading keep reading
that's what I'm here for
it's my function in life your function
is to talk to the chat will I get
absorbed into the game how was our
one-eyed fish he's doing okay we
explained the whole story about our how
he briefly go over it again okay so we
have a we have we had a 15 gallon tank
and now we have a 15 gallon tank and a
10 gallon tank and the 15 gallon tank
has danios a beta a couple of Amano
shrimp and a snail one of the the
smallest Daniel was getting harassed by
his
Heol not a school yeah apparently a show
is a fact that he has one I tells you
everything you need to know they've
basically been killing one of their own
and we wanted to stop that from
happening so we put them in our
isolation tale - we don't know if they
ate his eye but they definitely ate his
tail know when I'd fish is not a
euphemism for anything else this is a
fluorescent yellow fish one of those
genetic freaks the glow fish Daniel's so
we put him in an isolation tank and he
grew his tail back we tried to put him
so anyway we wanted to set up a second
tank anyway so we set up a second tank
with nano fish with Guppies and Cory
cats and some more shrimp and there's a
bunch of pond snails in there that we
might have to do something about at some
point so we he started going after the
Guppies and we put him back in with the
danios and they herded him into like was
about two square inches in the corner so
right now he's back in with the danios
but if he starts messing with the with
the Guppies we might have to like
euthanize him or something because it's
not really fair to him to have him in a
two and a half gallon isolation tank by
itself the other danios want to kill him
so he better be nice to the Guppies yeah
he's still kicking he's a little fighter
missing an eye he was missing half his
tail but that grew back
I only got four drones I don't know that
drone control is worth it right now I
think I need to go all in on boarding
well I mean yes what Laker tickets
course but I just can't we just can't
watch the danios slowly and tortuously
torturously eat pieces of this other
Danny oh well he suffers the other
because somebody's a baby other Daniels
weren't picking on Anna maybe was
starting shit and losing I don't know he
spent a lot of time hiding he was he
spent most of his time in that back
whenever he came out they'd be all over
him yeah most I'm hiding behind me he
almost died hiding because he got caught
Ned we had around the filter house Kevin
senior r2 unit explode that sounds like
a that sounds like if that's that dirty
it sure sounds like it
Danno a fish from Hawaii five-o maybe oh
we had the flushing or eat him groan
groan do something like a board
do we do it we'd do it again
did we do it again we're gonna do it
again rich tell us the most politically
incorrect joke you know yeah we're gonna
start a nuclear war I don't have any on
hand it's just like a joke remember the
fish would eat me if I had the chance he
might but you know without any malice
just go op clop clop clop the beta I
think already wants to eat me whenever I
open the thing and I start like putting
little pieces of food in he jumps up and
tries to ties to take him straight out
of my finger you can take out the rest
of the screw any time the guy's won a
cow would not eat me and everyone I care
about but a deer might I've seen videos
of deer eating birds and what's on farty
scary
Texas pain here am i my bait is really
chill he leaves everybody else alone he
just doesn't give a shit he cares about
food about food and chilling out on a
fake plant
feels like a toilet flushing yeah we got
fires and I got no censors on this ship
which I should probably invest in if I
want to get full you said that mind
control I wasn't thinking about that no
I haven't tried the mirror thing with
the baby yet I imagine he might flip out
then again he might not I mean he just
spends his time either either swimming
around trying to find food or just
laying half upside down on a plant so
you think he's dead rich it would be
really nice to see you try the hard mode
mmm maybe with some practice haven't
played too much in a while Anonymous's
here's money so at least someone profits
from my solitude and unemployment you
expensive hacks $0.10 per characters
more expensive than a sex hotline but
also more enjoyable I'll give you that
ten cents per carat is that what the tip
works out to I don't think so if the tip
is two dollars and it was ten cents a
character it would be twenty characters
there's probably more than 20 words
there there you go we're not tightwads
see you were wrong about everything and
everyone
oh they're saying it's a cent per
character 200 character limit
if you want to find a way to use every
character and get your money's worth you
can go right ahead although if you want
me to read it aloud you probably should
put some spaces in there so it's legible
well there's my if I ever considered
being in on a wheel the worst episode
maybe someday I'm not a huge fan of bad
movies damn it
maybe I could just be like Vanna White
and I could just spin the wheel for you
and now we need to do some repairs rich
has anyone ever told you you look like
Les Stroud from Survivorman no I would
the fuck is list route
I guess he's the guy from Survivor man
okay
every rock man I love me some
teleporters
if this game was a hot pocket what
flavor would it be I said crab flavor
please Karen best of the worst has
devolved into a total sausage fest I
have never hurt you guys referred to as
the sausage fest before googling stroud
damn stroud sure wishes he looked like
rich so completely changing the subject
I got a book out from the library I'm
reading called the ghost map it's about
the cholera epidemic in London and I
finally kind of think I know the
difference between mud larks Tosh's and
Knights oilmen there was like a whole
economy revolving around guard recycling
garbage and shit for money in London in
the Victorian era
alright shet do we want a mantis or a
rock man
what are we looking for zoo dish what's
the what's the assignment
Rockman alright we're going with the
rock men
yeah it's nonfiction
all right Jenny Otis have a gender ratio
issue we need two to three females for
every male where the males will harass
the females I always assume perhaps
incorrectly that our big fat purple
Daniel was a female and just up until
recently she had been completely
dominating every other Daniel in there
yeah and the other one is is shaped just
like that Danielle also probably female
that is now the leader of the pack and
cephalo is one I saw me over there I
need to name two other people her quelle
Wolverine I'm Steph lol oh I forgot
how's it spelled I don't know how they
spell it but like encephalitis and Seth
the latest
almani and stuff a and stuff oh okay
alright someone else whatever reasoning
you want you can ask them a question you
can make them tap-dance Texas panhandler
Texas all right what else we got are you
from the Panhandle who do you want Oh
another one
yeah uh we got there was one person I
forgot the name we got two from that
last run that last attack ultime sir
they raised their hand and isn't that
polite all the major it is oh that's
amazing yeah all right what are your
stats like pretty good pretty good
you can go here and and you can wait in
the oxygen room cuz why not I lost am I
gonna have any vibration room listen
yeah life's basically life support
detector pirate they do not have medbay
all those fools Jack is on vacation Jack
will be coming back though
again they take the same the same
menagerie along with them this time I
have no idea I have no idea and the in
the thick of things here in the thick of
things
all right I think you might have gone to
the farm I don't know where the farm is
I think for this run I could I could
really use a cloning bay oh boy
oh that fires in my ship well that's not
good well I got rock gun what am I
worried about it for is that like a
force field around your ship that
honeycomb pad yeah
shields standard standard Star Trek
procedure
humor K famine is the cause of wars and
Wars the cause of famines it kind of
works both ways
unfortunately do I like this game I've
never actually played it it's great it's
kind of boring to watch but then yeah
damn that is boring to watch this fight
at the 13th though I am you bring the
watch is Friday the 13th at boring watch
you kidding
kill kill kill run run run oh no no
you're thinking call of duty who will
survive how do they survive that's
Friday the 13th is about what do they
what do you think of removing team
killing and three smaller maps well I
think he already said that's not like
the idea of removing team killer that's
part of the game how do they remove it
they just make it impossible to kill
team mate yeah what happens with a
standard for the car
so right when you alright with this in
from the car okay I figured team kill
meant you're cooperating to kill
something does team kill me you're
killing your teammates yes why would you
do that take this pot in the car to get
out more frequently because you're a
jerk
Tamagotchi stream you can probably find
a version of that for a computer is that
the only thing they're changing in the
update chat what what else is being
altered I can't imagine that's it
I know goodbye what I like I mean I
don't have any taste I'm not much of a
gamer spoiler maps also free emotes for
michaelis people smaller maps like new
maps smaller versions of the maps no
these are all terrible ideas they're
replacing all the weapons in the game
with walkie-talkies I set a reference to
ET rich I was not aware that you weren't
executive at Sony neither was he haha
that the day before
beautiful and unique alright who wants
to be this person who's going to kicked
off my shift the minute we find a better
crew member currently in progress our
three new map variants 40% smaller
promote faster paced gameplay and eight
being added for free as well in an
upcoming patch again if we can disable
the smaller maps on I'm okay with that
I don't want faster gameplay I don't
even think that would work good
oh are we picking new names yes I think
it's a terrible idea uh psychedelic
chainsaw he or she says he or she will
die for the cause which is probably true
sec Jane no no that's a bad deal for me
so they so listen Frances like Vaughn
dirty the whatever 13 is in French what
I'm just wondering if the French call it
like Vaughn Judi the whatever 13 those
are Friday 13th is a superstition even
making it makes any kind of sense in
France I don't know they might have a
different name just out of necessity I
figured the superstition around the
number 13 is probably pretty universal
in Europe Zoltan super shields mantis
they're gonna be on the same playing
field with fighting Evangeline super
shields valve on dirty is Friday because
luis von dirty was the the uncle which
is kind of cute in Friday the 13th the
series which had nothing to do with
Friday the 13th and Jason Mart is 13
that's what Tuesday
the game's called Tuesday the 13th it's
Vaughn dirty 13 something about
murdering Knights Templars in Friday the
13th is that why I thought 13 was just
like I don't know I figured if their
team was like supposed to be an unlucky
number because in Argentina is called
Tuesday the 13th that's interesting I
figured that the 13th thing I didn't
know why Friday specifically but I
figured the whole 13 thing that's
because 12 is like kind of like a
special number due to a number of
cultures and 13 is like you know more
than 12 but then I'm gonna win at 11
someone is in in Spanish in
spanish-speaking countries or Latin
influence countries it's Tuesday the
13th fucked his day that's interesting
no Big Apple that's why six was Afraid
of seven thirteen is a baker's dozen but
a baker's dozen is a good thing it's
like you get an extra donut or something
hi Amba 91 I got FTL from your
recommendation for two dollars and fifty
cents great values as cash G cos yay
whatever apologies and pronunciation
either way have you tried Alpha Centauri
yet you have it on galaxy of games it
may well be your cup of tea not yet yeah
so many games so little time yep that's
kind of how breaks down what happens if
your ship blows up with a crew aboard we
could die right yeah like my ship if my
ship blows up just game over if their
ship blows up with my crew aboard those
crew member who are aboard the ship that
explodes they're dead each reven says
the same day I watched that antibiotic
Rhett rant I was prescribed antibiotics
rich put the fear of God in them me
sorry oh you should use antibiotics
properly
well yes would you like to explain as
well we'll just really hammer at home
about not using them for viral
infections or why not about not ending
your prescription really just know why
this is Matic resistance why this is
like super duper important which part
anytime anybody uses antibiotics for
anything they're creating a situation
where germs could become resistant to
antibiotics because germs mutate like
crazy
and some of them are gonna be immune to
any given thing and if those get passed
down to other places especially if you
don't take your full prescription and
they go and multiply and then go jump
into somebody else and be all anti bad
for this and that's bad and if you take
antibiotics for a viral infection it's
not gonna do squat because the processes
in bacteria which are living things
which antibiotics interfere with those
processes aren't going out in viral
cells hey they're viral entities I don't
even know if you call them a cell
Frankford on mine it's late there huh
like 1:00 in the morning so we talk
about something that doesn't end in a
world ending through a viral apocalypse
sure do we want to talk about the
Yellowstone Caldera
or gamma-ray bursts
pointed just the right way or the heat
or heat death of the universe or the Sun
swelling up for that's not for a few
billion years we presume well thank you
Steven girl steam pink girl I will be
right back okay
she'll be right back
is this a rerun hi look you I'll do that
rich do you consider your leading style
more Picard or Kirk I kill everything so
Kirk look her wouldn't kill everything
no he'd fuck a couple of things
especially oh that's that's also that's
also the comical exaggeration of Kirk
the stereotype of Kirk
Oh Mike Janeway yes yes Janeway yes she
would get everything killed even her own
crew yes I'm playing like Janeway yes
we're also we're also gonna get lost in
space we're doing great
Zapp Branigan Oh
Futurama
guardzilla and other Touhou films were
marketed as Frankenstein films in
Germany Germany tended to market all big
monster movies as though dr.
Frankenstein had created them this is my
contribution to the different names for
the Friday the Friday the 13th in other
countries well what was that I missed it
the claiming that the they were that
they marketed the Japanese the the
Japanese
Godzilla movies and is Frankenstein
movies and blues accrue Germany we might
lose a crew member pride of
nutsack Branigan because he never fights
the space spiders for their silk
tapestry there's some people lovely
notes of their death but he's not very
smart about it I'm gonna say I'm
generally smarter first of all I can it
on a place jack second no Jack's gonna
be back
far the 13th was mistranslated in Turkey
as the 13th Friday oh you have the 13th
Friday in a year obviously not in a
month if I could have a domesticated
dinosaur as a pet what kind would it be
well here's the deal in terms of
personality the store pod seemed like
the way to go in terms of size there's
some very small you know like this fire
in there little bribery dude so you know
how they have people have taken a canary
I like that answer too because are not
even dinosaurs but but I'm gonna say
that you know how people have taken dogs
and they have bred them to be smaller I
would like somebody to breed or
genetically engineer a sauropod in a
reasonable size and that's what I want
maybe a horse sized
sauropod even I'm just gonna let them
sit there are that fire going oh this is
perfect perfect kill everything
Lucy velociraptors would be cool except
with their teeth and their size and
their possible violent personality you
can have one that's really mellow I mean
I guess dogs you know have teeth and
stuff and they don't use them on us most
of the time
what year would you read oh you know
what I'm gonna I'm gonna buy time I'm
gonna run around and buy time so you
guys can get some killing experience you
Rockmond I want your attack to go up
they've not seen a baby to can but but I
believe they could look like dinosaurs I
saw a baby or not a baby bird a small
bird that was pecking it in a cafe we
were at pecking on the ground and when
it when it bent over to peck at the
bread I could see that they've really
got skinny necks under there that
they're all feathers I mean underneath
they are a lot smaller than they look
many birds I've seen parrots and things
that were they had suffered illness ISM
that are bald and they look different
I feel bad calling them ugly but
oh god I love teleporters teleporters in
this game oh it's so fun read
good so fun whatever happened to cheat
training a cocker cockatoo rich phrases
breeding dinosaurs what could go wrong I
wonder what their age of sexual maturity
is I mean if it's only a few years
they've done it with foxes and made them
pretty tame right
maybe I love this do I like manga anime
some of it most of it I'm not familiar
with I have to pick yes or no I'd say
mostly I don't like it because I haven't
seen it most of it yeah Tech rebels of
course they probably do smell like wild
foxes and they also make a whole
freaking lot of noise like real facts
like like wild foxes foxes are noisy
little critters anonymous says love you
rich please leave blah blah blah blah
blah in a window when there's a link for
a YouTube video that they might like you
to watch at some point alright do we
know the lifespan of dinosaurs it's a
good question and both do bones have
anything comparable the tree rings I
know bones are constantly being broken
down as well as built up whereas I don't
know that that's necessarily true about
tree trunks so
steamed pink girl had to shoot a fox
because it was eating your chickens and
ducks well yeah I mean I would too poor
little duckies
psychedelic change some well I know from
carbon dating you can tell how old a
dinosaur was but I think we're I don't
know the carbon dating gives you the
kind of pinpoint accuracy to know how
long a given creature lived I mean I
suppose it's possible that if there were
like two events that really some kind of
radiation signature you know 30 years of
parts and if you found them both at a
bone or something maybe that would mean
it was alive for both of them or
something I don't really know
well then dreamer K if we suppose that a
theropod might have lived for you know
seven or eight decades as its lifespan
not necessarily its life expectancy at
birth then we would also probably expect
that it would reach sexual maturity you
know and at least a decade old which
would mean that it would take a really
long time to breed the ones you want
with selective breeding a really long
time just like it would take a long time
- well something comparable to humans
not that you know yes the ethically
you're allowed to do that with humans
out to drum ship anyway I can't strat
here I think runaway is the strap we're
gonna try taking out their weapons and
see what happens teleporting is not
gonna do me any good in this situation
of course
took out the weapons you'd end up
getting your car destroyed by being
humped by a teenage brontosaurus oh man
yeah they all want to know when Susan's
coming back Susan someone that's Jay
Karen doesn't know any of the memes
yeah I'm clueless she doesn't know any
of the means you're wasting you're
wasting it the largest and
best-preserved t-rex is in the Field
Museum that would be sue I've seen that
it's thought to have lived almost 29
years and and achieved adult size after
20 years but I'm wondering how they know
that how they know how old it was
something with it was similar what they
took the trees aren't they counting like
the Rings I don't know so I'm cutting
something in the bone would like growth
they think it was done over like every
year there's something in the tooth is
what I think there's got to be some kind
of record or something but I'm just
wondering because it's like bones are
constantly remodeled booms are
metabolically active in a way that tree
trunks aren't a turtle is comprar one
size to a dog but can live 10 to 15
times as long true
rich and Jack rail against the whole
board immortal comms concept as a
conversation I'll never forget well
guess what bored immortal oh yeah what's
your point that you'd find stuff to do
uh I don't remember that the
conversation when it's been long enough
but I think we talked about once upon a
time bran flakes says hey rich and Karen
I've been trying to subscribe for months
now but twitch Prime isn't working it
works for me hmm
since it's an Amazon product I highly
recommend I mean you don't have to or
you know it's a free country and we
appreciate your generosity in any
capacity but I'll bet if you send a
message to Amazon they would they would
be happy to help you straighten that out
you're a Prime customer and that's you
know part of what you're paying for is a
Prime customer somebody trying to board
me what do I think of Rich's German text
reading of the last best worse
you were reading something in German oh
yeah just taping back the boxes in
German I haven't heard it
do I not watch the Earlham videos mostly
not
but I have seen pyrite is all right by
me and I think it's adorable and
wonderful the Western or musical ores
pan Taylor says Karen what do you think
of these things you know nothing about
and Asya that's that's our Ella
it's I have nothing against such things
Karen doesn't watch Harlem videos so
rich still has dignity and Karen's eyes
down I've seen to be a Harvard geologist
that was adorable
guys picked the wrong ship to try and
board are they on your ship well they
were they're all dead now that guy looks
like the thing yeah he's a rock man he
probably looks just like the thing I'd
gone rich is forcing me not to watch any
rlm video right I've seen a couple of
things I am NOT a huge fan of bad movies
and some of the stuff with rich being a
blanket are slightly disturbing Shep I
would like an opinion clone babe or do I
stick with my mid name the advantage of
the medbay is that I can obviously
continually heal people which sounds
underwhelming compared to the clone BAE
the clone BAE is if one of your people
dies they just pop up in the club a new
a new version of them the problem with
that is they're not really the same
person there's well they're not really
the same person yes philosophically it's
a nightmare
also though their skills go down a
little bit I have a med bay and I just
play a little bit carefully I can
everyone I can have everyone with mak'st
attack stats max attack stats real
answer med if you're feeling adventurous
clone
all right I'm sick of a med I've never
played around with a clone Bay before
and I guess I guess this isn't the best
time to do that and bran flakes also
said thanks for the content it's helped
me through some tough times LOL raaaaahh
bless stroud and then he says I tipped
four dollars and Karen didn't read my
entire tip oh god which I just corrected
now
the sub didn't work until today love you
guys and don't forget to look up Les
Stroud who les who amid bass seems to be
the the most popular Les Paul just cuz I
accidentally teleported them into space
that would people know about Les Paul
was he was a guitarist and I think he
had him like that fuses arm and like a
bent position so he could play it after
he wasn't some kind of car accident but
just just kind of crazy no only one I
want to take out those weapons as fast
as we can what about the plot hole in
Jurassic Park you're talking about the
t-rex it just went over the thing away
from aerelon have you enjoyed riches
other gigs like too loud or the end is
nigh
mostly I've enjoyed his his first-person
impromptu stand-up silliness in person
and whilst I've been goofy at net person
yeah goofy I know
but I'll business lately Karen all
business well you've been you've been
trying to keep track of all these
different video games you've been
spending a lot of time doing homework
spending time working and stuff and also
we've been trying to enjoy our summer
stuff a little going up to the lake and
oh we went we went up to the lake what
was that two days ago yeah and we put
our bikes on our bike rack and like the
bike rack started to shift and so we're
I'm the home basically it more or less
collapsed that we almost lost our bikes
in the highway yeah so we're we're on
the on the Hoan bridge which is this
really big high bridge that's a way like
the the chata st. Karen this is a this
is hysterical and they don't know this
which lake which which leg okay if
you're in Milwaukee or Chicago would you
say the lake we people just around here
assume that you mean the gigantic
freshwater Inland Sea that is like
Michigan this is one of the largest
bodies of water fresh water are the
planet yeah it's a very big lake and so
Lake Michigan is right so Crystal Lake
no no you would know if you're not you
know you're not from around here but it
is funny yeah of course that's what we
read there are a lot of fucking lakes in
Wisconsin but if you are anywhere near
Chicago or Milwaukee and bullaes there's
no way for one thing yes you're going to
refer to a different like you will say
if you mean anything there's the lake
and then the others have names this is
the lake but yeah Lake Michigan and it's
enormous
oh there's I mean there's Lake Geneva
there's a bunch of lakes but if we meant
to any Lake other than Lake Michigan we
would have said it like Michigan yeah
the lake the fresh lake of Chicago like
The Fresh Prince of bel-air might be
so anyway so we've got our bikes on our
bike rack which we need to get a
different bike rack the problem with our
bike rack is that the bike rack assumes
that all bikes weigh 35 pounds and
riches is more like 50 mine's probably
about 35 but mine's only like a 24-inch
it's it's like a mountain bike II kind
of thing but I guess they just assumed
that everybody's got a ultralight
ten-speed which is not true so when
you're snobby rich in care and you
simply refer to it as the lake yeah
because we're mega snobby uh-huh
so anyway so we're on this bridge that
they used to call it the bridge to
nowhere I guess because they built it
and then it took them awhile to connect
it to they filmed that famous scene and
the Blues Brothers there were the ship
without the ship of the car with the
through Nazi cars fly off the bridge so
we're on this bridge and we're trying to
get the bike rack adjusted and the
trooper pulls up behind us this the
sheriff's deputy because I guess the way
he suggested that I get in the car and I
was making him nervous it sounds like
maybe somebody called I I think I guess
there have been a bunch of suicides on
it but I assured him and was true I was
not there to jump off the bridge we just
wanted to make sure that the bikes
didn't fall off and possibly hurt
somebody and also we like our bikes so
we went up to the lake and where were we
going after this maybe that's what the
point was no point was insulted the cop
over story yeah after the bikes until
they fell off the back of the car on the
bridge and then and then we just kind of
rode around the lake you know they've
got like and we did a little kayaking
too which was nice the kayak rental
place yep
the only mist gotten running out of
missiles around the whole lake there's a
some kind of a I don't know if you what
exactly you do like where where the
straight part straights part of it is or
something but I guess you can take
there's like a highway you can take all
the way around like Michigan but yeah we
weren't gonna bike the whole thing that
would take a while I mean it's like 300
miles long was it probably like 700 or
something to go all the way around it I
don't even know oxygen rich they say I
assume they mean oxygen Richard not Door
County I have been to Door County and I
like Door County I don't know that rich
would like Door County it's it's mostly
shopping and like fish boils and Rich's
allergic and allergic to shopping too
but it's really nice there in the
summertime
they originally shot Friday the 13th at
a real camp in New Jersey to shields in
Sector four look I had to make my
choices in life and it's largely worked
out what's Rich's favorite shop I don't
have a favorite shop I'm sorry
oh sure you have to know that story game
crazy Game Stop mm-hmm there's steam no
the electronic section of wherever Best
Buy yeah
who's reading stuff Karen is who was
Karen Karen is rich this fiancee Amazon
is my favorite shop too because they've
kind of got everything even if they're
the evil empire they do still have
bricks and mortar stores and now Amazon
starting to have some oh good wool is
definitely fun I think rich is kind of
over thrift stores because he's always
chopping them for props so I'm gonna
done that to death in my life this rich
clothes shop of course he doesn't go
around naked reluctantly close shop not
going around naked
people keep sending rich all the shirts
and tomes he could ever need no they
really don't well he does get the
occasional tomes oh oh oh please listen
right now if you want to send him some
more and keep them supplied I don't
think they ever expire breena's good god
says i too am allergic to shopping see
he's shopping with me too though ships
I'm like total ADHD about chopping I'll
be walking along I'll be like oh what's
that and then he'll just keep walking
and then he'll look back like five
seconds later and I'll be forty faces
behind him
what are tomes if you honestly don't
know tomes are chalk tablets that people
use as an ass antacids she doesn't know
any of the rlm memes well I know that's
an AR el-amin but somebody said what are
Tom so just in case they're part of our
international audience and they may not
have that particular brand not not a
single one of them I don't gypsum I
don't think they're gypsum just seems
like talc just say more like just say
gypsum for like no discernable reason if
somebody said aren't they gypsum and I
said they're not gypsum gypsum is like
talc
these are chalk I need to brush up on
the rlm Laura Laura
not really I need a study guide need
like a Cliff's Notes
I really miss an international one they
apparently do their did they there seem
to be some some certainly seem to be
some Germans in here and and and in at
least one Austrian and and I don't know
if you're not from the US tell us where
you're from
Australia Norway Scotland Uganda sweet
Argentina Denmark Serbia Germany's des
Germans Mexico the Netherlands Guatemala
Texas North Korea wonder if these people
are just making these up Syria Wisconsin
Finland Mars Ohio Liars what time is it
in Australia right now sometime tomorrow
but was it like 2:00 in the afternoon
tomorrow or something that's someone
says they're from the Sun there's some
dromeda that's interesting
none of us are really here you're
hallucinating
actually this is all a dream your back
in bed heavily sedated they do that
every time I try to escape I said Texas
is a joke because you asked about other
countries well Texas was another country
do you know what an expensive and
department like that in the Sun cometh
that was worst case scenario
I don't know that much about Texas is
history it sounds like Mexico said hey
you want to come and live down here you
can live under here you can live here
but this is kind of Mexico so you kind
of have to live by your rules and the
Texans said well no we have not fuck
they are gonna do what we want and then
they fought about it and there were more
of them
which seems kind of mean but I don't
know was a while ago remember that one
place yeah I don't think anybody's
forgotten about that one place Texas is
hot but has a lot of trees hope this
helps Texas is not monolithic in terms
of climate like Houston is hot and humid
and disgustingly humid and other West
Texas is hot and disgustingly not humid
like really dry and somewhere in between
there might even be some place where the
humidity is something reasonable I don't
know rest in peace rich they said yeah
the theme-park chains Six Flags Over
Texas the six or the six different
countries including Texas that
originally claimed to let that place
let's see I'm gonna guess the United
States England France Spain Mexico and
the people who were there we whatever
tribe was there first
oh the Confederacy yeah I guess they
probably claimed Texas at some point too
Texas panhandler your wife wants to move
to Alaska I suggest someplace like on
the coast and relatively south because I
watched a video about and think of the
name of right now but the the city way
far in the north of it and it sounds
like a miserable place to live just
where snow was a potentiality every
single month of the year
yeah Barrow I mean it might be an
interesting novelty the whole you know
White Nights
endless daylight summer thing but egg of
paradox no is nice except when you have
to shovel it snow is awful if you don't
think snow is awful you don't live in an
area that actually gets snow it's a pain
in the butt every time all the time hey
Freddie it's fun to sledding when you're
a kid and like skiing and stuff if your
into that whole kind of thing
I've heard Iceland is is really a nice
place to live and it sounds like they
like wreck you Vic is possibly coastal
enough that it's not ridiculously cold
ice leaded with riche come in a while
crusher city says I'm really enjoying
you guys movie commentary tracks it asks
for a buck but then plays them for free
anyway so here's my post consumer
payment and tip for products well
enjoyed thank you thank you very much
Iceland is greening Greenland's ice I
they both have a fair amount of ice I've
flown over Greenland and it's definitely
got quite a bit of snow yeah Iceland's
got lots of volcanoes and lots of deal
geothermal energy and stuff and maybe we
could do something useful with that
Yellowstone Caldera
Plus Iceland has bjerk and that that
automatically is cool yeah I've heard
that Greenland was a marketing scam then
I've also heard that Greenland was a bit
greener during a like a Medieval Warm
Period or something so I know maybe
global warming will make Greenland
greener or maybe it won't cuz it'll
screw up the ocean currents make
Greenland green again hey they loved
York there too
I believe it I'm sure she's a point of
national pride Bjork would thank Karen
for pronouncing her name correctly also
hello hi
during the summer there's virtually no
snorin snow on the northern hemisphere
whoa
less than there is in winter I mean less
than there was unless there was what 50
years ago or during an ice age it was
warmer there-there Viking runes under
the ice yeah there's there's in addition
to the to the ice ages and the
interglacial periods they're like the
Little Ice Age and the Medieval Warm
Period there are smaller fluctuations
Volta deserves more love I really love
the song that she had on that Selma
songs that one I've seen it all the one
that she does it so like a duet with
with Tom your Tom York
what time is it where you guys are um if
you're speaking to rich and I at 66 its
655 central Daylight Time here in
Milwaukee
there's like a David Attenborough
documentary with Bjork - which is kind
of strange I feel weird asking this
ascender Oh Tsubaki but what are you
wearing rich Evans clothing he's wearing
like a Batman Superman t-shirt yeah and
jeans and shoes probably but I can't
really see from here I didn't pay too
much attention to what he would aren't
wearing his feet going out fucking drone
ship what am i what am I like 80 percent
drone ships this run Google string time
Wisconsin yeah yeah Wisconsin it was on
the same time zone as Chicago the did
the lower 48 the parts the United States
that don't include Alaska and Hawaii
there are four time zones Pacific is is
like look at what California's on
mountain is like Denver and stuff over
there and out west and then the
Midwestern part of the country is on
central and the East Coast is on eastern
time although the times don't seem to be
a little bit weird shaped like their
parts of Northwest Indiana that are on
Central but the rest of the states on
eastern Arizona has no daylight savings
time there's one doesn't need no
daylight savings time it's not a sack
there now I know it has nothing to do
with the length of the actual day
TV schedules in Pacific and mountain
times suck yeah it's well I guess it's
good if you want to go to bed early we
have some things on 8:00 Eastern it's on
7th central and and then it's on it you
know five o'clock in the afternoon when
nobody's home Western I I can understand
where that's a pain in the neck I don't
think we should abolish daylight savings
I think we should have daylight savings
all year long because it really sucks
when it gets dark at like 4:30 in the
afternoon in the middle of winter rich
have you ever thrown up a movie being so
bad not physically no
yeah I love daylight savings time my bad
movie immune systems pretty good at this
point Russia
I think they've kind of decided to be on
permanent daylight savings time yes I
would I would be fine with that and
they've got like five different time
zones and Australia's got all these
weird half-hour time zones I think
Australia or New Zealand want some
someplace I've got one that's like a
quarter to the our time zone time zones
are weird and China just has one which
means they should have like five or
something obviously it means the sunsets
a vastly different times in different
parts of the country
that's interesting that the Navajo
tribes that Arizona follow daylight
savings time in Russia daylight save you
rich have you ever walked out of a movie
I desperately wanted so badly to walk
out of Attack of the Clones
but I had a friend got me in for free
and they were sitting near me and I
would have been the rudest fucking thing
ever I I spent 75% of that movie in
agony captain Nick pick I think this is
the first time I've talked about China's
single time zone but just for you I'm
doing it again you're welcome
you
which one you are less interested
Stargate or next alien movie the next
alien movie
why do you hate civilization games I
never said I hated civilization games go
fuck yourself
aren't they basically like SimCity with
armies or something kind of any thoughts
on spawn it's awful
heck bot says rich Evans hates
everything especially you for asking if
he hates everything I know hypothesis
that I like act bot
heck bot and I are buddies Ridley
Scott's gonna ride that Alien franchise
down like slim pickins on a nuke it's
possible
what's the weirdest incident you've
witnessed in a theater
I don't think anything weird has ever
happened to me in the theater
have you ever gone sailing
can you talk to them what I'm almost
dead I've never been on a sailboat I've
been on boats that are powered with
motors and boats that are paddled
paddled with oars going to trivia in a
minute what should my name our team name
be thank you
Helms festival team blanket
Haitian balloons the Jurassic Park
arcade no am i interrupting you yes is
this timed
or just all right we're doomed this is
the last and this is the last stand
okay Koster
he is it gets so serious he's got this
grim look on his face it was nice
knowing you
is this real tax you can pause it
I've not seen spider-man homecoming yet
the last movie that I saw fucking
amazing
it was Dunkirk I know you don't care
it's fucking amazing I want to see it
eventually
can I pick the most annoying sound I've
ever heard I'm not that mean you
occasionally are
it was nice knowing you charge not quite
Dead Yet
no too bad
did you see baby driver nope did you see
did you see did you see did you see
we're doing that shit again come on come
on
they say you should jump
I said Dunkirk it was pretty good
I don't know they don't necessarily see
it again I'm sorry that's all right I'm
sorry your carapace has been has been
thrown apart and discarded like the
seagulls cleave crab claws all over the
lawn at the Museum rest in peace krabby
patty f13 baby
rich Evans captain disappoint but
probably right but I'm good at that do
they use the bathroom how often can you
win the game these days rich FTL I'm at
practice right now
know that I haven't won I won once
recently applies don't find this again
like a week ago I would not call that a
rage everyone how's it a rage quit
I played till I was dead I don't think
that like fake VHS tracking issue thing
in there hey grab me a sour patch would
you just like 75 of them in the kitchen
I do remember tracking and rewinding and
and late fees and all kinds of horrible
things about VHS is that I don't miss at
all
well it's it's not a sour patch just one
it's like the that's the strips you see
what we got here oh wait a minute I
never had airheads extremes that sounds
interesting
rainbow berry oh yeah sour patch kids
are a type of candy it's kind of like
gummy bears or something except covered
in like um citric acid crystals or
something
well Japan and ooby sandwich definitely
has some great candy
video stores work or nice the only
problems with video stores were late
fees and lines and then they had this
old toys then they sold candy and they
have those selections of new movies
a Tiberius clerk to just spend half of
your time listening to people explain
why they didn't deserve a light fee what
day Beria's Kirk said he was an
assistant manager at a video store okay
and I asked have you spent half of his
time listening to people talk about
whether they didn't deserve a late fee
it seems like a thankless job
how do I feel about living in Wisconsin
no wait until rich comes back and ask
him to me don't think it's vastly
different from living in northern
Illinois but Milwaukee's a nice size
Chicago is big enough that living out
the suburbs is you don't get to enjoy
the city too much rich how do you feel
about living in Wisconsin do you agree
with me that it's not really much
different than living in northern
Illinois uh you know what I what said
preferred just because of the just
because of the traffic well I'm saying
things are more accessible than living
out and the far suburb is where we were
yeah I saw there's two ask you to lick
your palms to prove that you washed your
hands after you went to the bathroom he
did and then he flipped you off of
course they probably saw that
Gately says speaking of bathrooms I'm
enjoying tonight's stream from the tub
with wine have some money cheers Cheers
are there at least three people in the
chat will have this game and are good at
it and wouldn't even want to team up for
adjacent kill is that a thing I have
this game on Steam of course I don't
have the console rich Evans is not
afraid of his own germs well I mean if
they didn't kill him on the first pass
running the back through again probably
isn't gonna do him in
I'll do it I'll do it if there are three
people everyone they want to know if
they can play it on their Mac Mini I
think so idea and play it on Steam you
probably play with me yeah basically
conviction you have the game but you are
not amazing at it but that's okay I'll
let that slide we would need we need two
other people before I even considered it
them somebody was saying something about
playing in the u.s. playing what in the
US not sure if I can play in the US well
we're in the US and I've heard people I
don't know like why wouldn't it work
from the UK it probably would don't do
it if you just bought the game I've
certainly heard people playing in this
game who had international accents it's
possible that they were physically
located in the US
but I've heard people so somebody heard
somebody the background he had like a
Swedish or an accent that I heard bits
and pieces of they may well have been
playing from I'm gonna lay one round to
warm up here captain molar is down to
play okay you'll play pub gee I hate pub
G is that molar like the tooth or molar
like molarity all right I'll see if I
got free room and my friends list I just
I just need I want volunteers who
volunteers to die and if there's more
than three I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
cruel here I'm taking three of monks you
who are the highest level in the game
want to take three among them who have
the least leg you can't determine that
to get into a game and that day changes
depending on what we do
captain molar my last name was void of
Spanish form or ah all right bag head
Jason I got a bar and ahead of us the
house and the two-seater I'll take the
two-seater why aren't you checking the
barn both the gas and the battery can
spawn in the barn person running away
from the barn how the hell does a
battery spawn yep this is a video game
that's how it spawns just means it's one
of the places it can be
can you beat people up with the chair
nope can you beat people up with it
all right don't have a map yet he's
gonna trap that car and Michael after me
because I'm out in the open
behooves me to get out of here
I hope hope he goes to the phone next or
whatever kind of Jason goes to the car
first not the phone a bad one that's who
oh great the other car that's where he's
going next
almost certainly unless he's gonna waste
time fighting that person she might
show off for a bit against animal let
light be our friend keep thinking should
check the map but I'm a patient afraid
of light no light helps my fear oh
you're like a plant kind of soaking up
the courage from the lightest in
gameplay terms that's kind of exactly
what's going on so he's still chasing
this person I know the second I go over
to this other car he's gonna show up in
another car
yeah charges charges his name right yes
is it Richard
have I seen the environmental attacks
Jason can do no what does he release
greenhouse gasses and CFCs and stuff
did you take a shit in the lake what's a
chard my nickname for rich it's the last
half of his name like Richard it's also
a vegetable but it's got nothing to do
with it
when that's streaming what do I think is
the optimal amount for playing video
games it depends on how much you like
video games I guess I've been known to
waste very large chunks of a day on
video games and then thought well you
know I probably shouldn't rich are
Devens that would be cool your middle
name was hard elastic is not how do I
feel about chickens a pizza topping well
you know maybe if you're doing it with
like a white sauce then it could work
then it becomes kind of like pizza
alfredo or something but definitely not
with the tomato sauce not with tomato
sauce and mozzarella a pineapple I
happen to like a piece of pineapple
onions and mushrooms are great
combination
you gave him a personal pad beating
I shall watch
dr. Sony's just subscribed dr. Sony's
for 28 months in a row rich of you ever
severely pulled a muscle
I recently pulled a groin muscle so hard
to cause nerve damage
I eat pain meds for breakfast but every
day ends with a numb testicle if not
pulled a muscle I've had sciatica a
couple times it's like being stabbed for
two months thunderbirds ii all right did
we have do we have three volunteers do
we have tributes volunteers today I'm
gonna go into my Steam friends and if
you have not been on Steam in like a
year or something like that
I'm just gonna kick you and I'm gonna
get three openings and you better have
this game DX Ritchie says rich just
thought I tip and say thanks for all the
awesome content although I must
criticize you on your poor corporate
decisions at your other job as a Sony
executive rich not fucking around
Evans LED balloons for sale going cheap
200 days gone how do I get rid of my
click to get rid of them
how are you were in person oh my god I
don't are these are these balloons only
let on the outside with like a thin lead
shell because I mean a balloon sized
chunk of lead has to be worth a decent
chunk of change I would think
99 luftballons Nina Hagen
can you sort I don't know if it wasn't
after to sort by what I'm trying to sort
it by 225 there we go what do you think
of Zenna knots
xeno knots and play - yep it's some of
the list of things I should get to and I
never get around to it I'm sorry
96 days ago what's a while right I'll
try to keep it over 180
I guess it's less than 96 Big Apple 3
and says you can look at the game in
library and see which friends are
playing I need I need to get friends who
are actually playing the game that's the
thing
have you ever played Metro 2033 no no I
have not I believe the answer is I know
just keep asking but things just just
keep asking sides and said they just did
just had to do all right all right all
right if if I have recently added you
start playing this game and then all
right I've just accepted everyone who I
presumably can't accept wait I got rid
of leg
did you have to accept the invites I did
this I'm doing now I have to accept the
friend request so I can see them in the
friends list and then you have to do
this things just things you got to do
don't make it easy do like probably
people who are used to socializing on
steam this is like breathing for me it's
like I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing captain it fixes have you watched
this have you watched this and you
watched this have you watched this will
I be Karen Evans when we get married
yeah I think it has a good ring to it
I mean if his name was like eucalyptus
or blog Naga vu or something weird and
difficult to pronounce and spell but
Evans is easy
Wow hello now I wasn't planning on
hyphenating I'm too lazy just spell
something that long his last name is
shorter than mine so it'll be even
easier to spell than it is now alright
alright right
the does everybody know what they need
to do does everyone know how adjacent
kill works alright alright we need to we
need to stay together and protect each
other while we're trying to attack Jason
and hold hands and skip probably try to
get to skip look you I'm trying to I'm
trying to I'm trying to try to work this
out your true that's right I'm trying to
rally the troops I can hear you I don't
know how well I'm gonna hear you while
we're streaming though I might need my
did you just sound up on my TV so I can
hear we need we need like three of us to
focus on like carrying around like a
baseball bat or some kind of weapon deck
and stun Jason two of us should be
playing as higher strength characters
trying to use like a machete to take his
mask off and I think the first thing we
focus on is getting that mask off and
then we worry about finding Tommy and
getting someone playing as a female
counselor the sweatshirt okay so if
you're gonna stun Jason use perks that
are like you know increased untie more
easier stun I got I got some really nice
attack perks I'm gonna play as Bugsy I'm
gonna grab the machete I'm gonna try and
take the mask off alright Marie time
however if you take off his mask
once you have his mask off the more
damage he takes actually the harder it
is for him to get out of a stun I have
heard I've confirmed this myself but
supposedly after his mask is off every
bit of damage he takes makes it easier
to stun him and or it makes it harder
for him to get out of the stun
but the hard part the hard part is
getting the mask off once you get the
mask off the person playing as tommy has
to have a machete or an axe and a female
counselor has to be using Jaison
sweatshirt and ideally someone else has
a baseball bat
the female counselor uses the sweatshirt
to stun Jason and Jason will he'll raise
his weapon in his air and he'll just in
the air and he'll just stop at that
point somebody with a baseball bat needs
to hit him and then he goes down at his
knees after he goes down at his knees
the person playing is Tommy Jarvis with
the machete or an axe has to do the
button prompting on the bottom of the
screen and that will kill Jason
oh god my preference is still set to
Jason which is a mistake in this in this
situation
I'm sorry fruit pie obviously mutilating
somebody's name because you don't like
their ethnicity is very not nice what's
going on oh they said that their name
was something else and that who that the
end of it was cut off because it sounded
quote to polish which seems like a
shitty shitty thing to do to somebody to
change their name unless they change it
themselves in which case it sucks that
they had to alright I am playing as a
female counselor which is a mistake I
forgot to change the bugsy so the first
mistake we have made as a group I have
made I have made her first mistake I
think they're talking about killing you
well they're not because that would be a
mistake because I'm not Jason so I need
to find a weapon and I'm not bugsy so
it's gonna be harder for me to get the
mask off we can I guess we can make do
bugs mone can you play the piano all
right pixie and we need to we need to
stay together can you go upstairs yeah I
can go upstairs
I can go upstairs I'm upstairs
now sweater was his mother's right yes
I probably should have let Commission
have that because I'm not playing with
it have you ever considered playing
and/or streaming saurian it's supposed
to be a realistic dinosaur simulation
survival where you play as a dinosaur
if considered trying to kill Jason that
sounds awesome
the dinosaur bit yeah alright mixing we
need to try and group with everyone else
I don't know where they are though tries
to do so sir cat loves your voice cool
where yep
I'm Rob to join you made some blunders I
forgot to switch my character to Bugsy
somebody said that your laugh scared the
hell out of there do we do we know where
the Shack is he's ignoring me
any pigs are safe here all right stay
together try to hit him from behind
they're like living tribbles I guess the
the South Americans like bred them for
food so I don't know if they're so as
mellow as they are because of that or
just because they're guinea pigs cuz
like the giant ones the what are they
called the world's largest rodent
they're pretty darn well oh and they
weren't raised for me
listen rich ignoring Karen's get the
crap out of my anything capybara that's
it I had a farm or something I would
totally want to pet capybara I see all
these videos of them just hanging out
with other critters you're giving zero
Fox
what
did I read comic books in high school
very little
shotgun by the fireplace
alright alright if anybody has a map you
can kind of tell where the Shack is
based on the campsites I don't know if
you know how to do it though it's either
gonna be on the island or under the
cemetery
whichever one doesn't have a campsite is
where the Shack is they said we should
kiss like like on the kiss cam we'll do
that later
they said you need spray-on health yeah
I know I do I don't have it right now so
there's just spray-on health
what's it called it's just a hell spray
all right I'm gonna head to the you can
probably follow me head to the houses up
north I'm gonna look for maps see if we
can figure out where the shack is EC
Comics oh that's the ones who had like
the crib master and stuff at teen spirit
Karin is an advanced AI very advanced
it's a battery here if we want to do
backup strats rich if you move your
camera cuts off your mind huh yeah
if the other stone supervolcano erupted
what ieave my fish to stay alive I don't
think that would buy me much time
they're not big fish the biggest thing
we've got is a beta and he's like twice
as big as any of the others
occasionally I joke about eating my
Amano shrimp if they get any bigger but
really the bigger ones about two and a
half inches
we need to figure out where the cemetery
is I remember they were the Shack is his
Mad Magazine still a thing to pyrius
they still publish it in a print there's
an EC the one that that inspired the
whole comics code Authority thing
because they thought it was gonna work
miners or something silly I need a
fucking map tell me I got a pocket knife
here I'll spray in the bathroom you need
it I'm Sifl addict
you
all right we really need to figure out
where the check we need to figure out
what that Shack is the Love Shack is a
little old place where we can kill Jason
all right let's grab that battery head
to one of the cars
we have to take the car out time we got
himself killed it's just fantasy card in
the landslide no escape for reality
no don't do that rich they don't know if
your if your mic is working in game I'm
in the middle of it I'll turn up your
volume on your computer I mean in theory
I think everybody who's playing this is
maybe also listening to the stream so
you could probably get the audio from
rich that way maybe my mic is working
they redid the game maybe it's not
string hit the controller when I talk I
know what's wrong I don't know what's
wrong used to be now it's a corpse
sure about the Persian rugs with the
whole cabin motif should it be like a
bearskin rug dumbass Tommy dumbass Tommy
got himself killed
I like crack magazine - maybe not a
bomb-ass but more careless than he
should have been then he should have
been I don't know whatever you were very
topical
oh yeah
like slapping him is really gonna do
anything who took your heart out yep
what's he gonna do with it he's gonna
eat it hmm
it's all right it's all right yeah it's
pretty good it's pretty good just took
us too long to figure out where the
shack was what is the tip question that
I miss about saurian what sorry you
weren't paying any attention
no I wasn't have you ever considered
playing and/or streaming saurian okay
I've never even heard of it I might
consider was a dinosaur what what kind
of dinosaur game is this it's supposed
to be a realistic dinosaur simulation
slice survival game where you play as a
dinosaur maybe sounds like an
interesting premise oh I gotta change
I don't know okay I think I'd have to
leave this match before I can adjust
whether or not I'm my Jason preferences
we go to a different lobby
next okay
you widget up against the chair and that
tends to work I'll spot annuity has left
the room because
that you're gonna be use the bathroom a
minute endure to figure out how PDA and
we're not talking about a personal
digital assistant kissing grown-ups are
so gross
you guys are so perfect together it kind
of makes me ill
all right what do we got what do we got
always do
for what it's worth I've seen the gas
and the propeller and we know for the
Botes this is Shane where I've tried to
escape
all right let's let's head south and see
if the shack spawned by the road this is
the one map you can't tell just by
looking at the map
did you find a walkie
alright let everyone let everyone know
that we're gonna scout for the shack
oh my god it's rich Evan sleeping
bellowing retch I might actually be
Jason I'm really sorry
well actually should ever tell you're
not about to be in your teeth
it's here
all right the Shack of South it should
have felt a lot of good cuz actually
don't have a radio right now
we need to gather up I need to tell them
that but I don't have the radio hit this
microphone stand I do too I do too
does that a lot it's a fine film
banned from twitch for smooching it's
what is smooching available offense more
importantly we need to call for Tommy
I'd hardly nobody said anything in six
minutes
why is this thing not updating oh it is
just not on this thing
can you hear me we need to fucking call
Tommy okay you can hear me and I can see
you but not going to be able to see any
updated streams until after this game is
open we figured out why the laptop isn't
updating but I can see this thing
his facial expression is funny
speaking about obscure music and going
to sleep and all of that walk I was on
was its Shazam
Thank You mr. Sam yesterday and I was
looking at they've got um like podcast
and they had one that was I don't know
what it was but it was about about
glaciers and South America and icebergs
and stuff and it had all kinds of
background music like icebergs calving
and stuff and it's very relaxing that's
a little strange
there are a lot of rugs in here and
rounded drifts to Metroid Prime might
look into it
we need to find that radio what's ASMR
pleasant noises that's what it is that's
actually what it is
we have nobody killed
I think I would freak to box tie those
things can get pretty deep are we going
down to Illinois to watch the Eclipse
we're not going down to the level of
words totality and I don't know that he
feels like going down the Illinois we
were just down there last week but I
think I might go and visit my parents
it's you know like another 100 miles
south I'm gonna be like 85 to 90 percent
totality supposedly they're gonna have a
viewing in some equipment in the parking
lot of my church down there that I was a
member of when I lived down there so
that might be fun what's the beautiful
to church go out to the clips who's
talking riches fiance Karen me hi
Jack's on vacation Jeff will be back on
Sunday
it's a Lutheran Church
thank you thank you - his eyes do normal
huh Jake cable Walkman says here I
forget a door get married you adorable
kids and don't invite Mike I don't think
that would be an option
yeah if I figure out what's wrong with
this thing
that is definitely not Kurt why is it
blinking what the hell is Tommy Jarvis
there's the steam tipalert er
kind of a cluster clusterfuck of an OS
is this I'm mumbling to myself I think
I've I finally got the seeing the chat
currently now I need to get the steam
tip alert her to show up here open
where the heck disesteem tip me why is
it not upping up to the front how do I
make the tips pop there should be a link
to open it on the desktop
Chetty shortcut
alright this is not gonna work is it
okay now I'm getting the current stream
on both windows both monitors but I'm
not seeing it on the fingertips oh oh
there we go
I don't even know where that I don't
even know what the hell the radio tower
is
oh nice painting is that a hand back on
the wall sounds good
let's stay together though this guy
looks like he's got some kind of rampage
in case of hyperthyroidism the giant
bulgy eyes
new maps new smaller Maps I'm not at all
interested in smaller maps in this I
think this works out fine as it is what
I don't want this the game to turn into
is to cluster is a clusterfuck define
cluster book
just go just go oh no I'm sorry I didn't
know use this letter use the sweater use
the sweater use the sweater it'll send
them you can get out you can regain
stand on stem enough you can still hear
me stamina
should have used the sweater alright I'm
gonna find a new Lobby growing up did I
ever imagined I would be talking to 500
plus strangers while my fianc I played
video games okay we need to set our
preference to counselor and not Jason
that's the first thing I've learned
what's the second thing that might be
the only thing I think we're good we
gotta find another match I think girls
well I mean I grew up before the
internet but it was a you know a thing
for most people but I think even even
you know when I imagine people using
computers I imagine something like email
I don't think I ever pictured chatrooms
as a child and a technology phone punk
siding they're still trying to get you
to invite them and well maybe after
after this match all I'll see if we get
someone else in here I noticed someone
dropped out maybe ask them for a while
so all right all right
yeah we gotta we gotta remember - we
gotta remember to call Tommy hey I've
heard the killers hit and I can't think
was to take me out or something
other than that I'm very much by him you
can't wait to watch rich save himself
again I didn't save myself
I'll captain molinator to do was used
the sweater just done Jason washi
regreat regains lamb and I was Franz
Ferdinand all she needed to do I said I
thought they were gonna do
so yeah I guess the answer is I liked
Brightside as I recall though I can't
hear it in my head right now because my
brain is trying to play take me out
so take me by the by Franz Ferdinand but
uh it sounds fine oh wait wrong song
that was aa high thing wasn't it with
the video yes for some reason I know
that have you ever seen Crystal Lake
memories a really long documentary on
the Friday the 13th series it's amusing
and you can expand upon that and make it
really interesting I don't think it's
quite there yet I know they made that as
some cheap extras for some DVDs but yes
I've seen that it's shit so much for
setting my preference
I'm gonna play this is if it was a
normal game as if I don't know that
they're trying to kill me yet
which means phone and power strange
expression isn't it done before how did
that pop into the English language
are the Friday the 13th movie started to
find a DVD
have you tried Amazon or Netflix it's a
difficult thing engaged to an Internet
superstar he's rich he's the same rich
he's always been took now other people
find decidable funny too
oh you never found me funny times you
can be very funny sometimes incredibly
corny sometimes
internet superstars pushing it yeah kind
of super is probably pushing it
I was there when they were filming
gorillas interrupted
no I got a little bit of a cold but I
think they were just staying up too late
and not drinking enough for eating
healthy or something cuz I got a little
bit of a cold rich had a pretty bad cold
Garret just about died he was about 19
at the time and he went from bouncing up
and down on the mattress one night -
dude I puked in your sink he had some
kind of horrible cold Mike sounded like
shit yeah everybody everybody got sick I
I got that cold but not like everybody
else did I think I've got a pretty good
cold immune system
no not drinking too much drinking too
little water I don't think they drank
any alcohol at all when they were making
gorilla interrupted
I know that rich was just about dying of
heat exhaustion in the gorilla costume I
don't think his groom did you grab this
house even have air conditioning at that
point I never had central air oh they
just have like an air conditioner unit
in their living room yeah and those in
crazy thick curtains for in the in the
living room so I guess that probably
kept a cooler
the weather overhears beautiful highs in
the lower 80s
lows in the mid 60s it's it's been a
very nice summer here
they get back here
sorry 6:45 you didn't miss
faster-than-light but you could go back
and watch it later
rich what crazy Elvises I just ordered a
copy a space cop on blu-ray how can I
get everyone to sign it or did I miss
something send us an email there should
be an option when you buy it or
something it hasn't been mailed out yet
I imagine that convenient
that can be accomplished it may make it
take slightly longer for it to get
shipped out because they're not all
necessarily in the studio concurrently
but yeah if you didn't put it in the
note if you already bought it you didn't
put in the note and it hasn't shipped
yet you should be able to email them
rich does this game more fun when you're
playing Jason no I don't think so his
rich mood me with his heat death of the
universe monologues I I don't know what
that I've heard your heat death of the
universe monologues what I sign a copy
of space cop it's if you requested sure
again it might take another day or two
because we should probably have to bring
it home because I'm not here that often
but yes if you if you put a request and
I would be willing to sign it too
I'm not in it
well yes risk would just fake it but
we're honest people they didn't get saw
me again I'm so bad now
well somebody said let's say - rich from
Brandenburg but quietly because he's
concentrated so I said look you don't
have to believe me boxed I really do you
have no way of improving one way or
another you have no idea what my
signature I'm a goddamn killer we gotta
we got to make sure we call Tommy
it's Tommy a pinball wizard this time we
have such a supple wrist if you want to
destroy my sweat oh whoa this game
totally needs every time you grab the
sweater they need to start playing
Weezer music watch me unravel I'll soon
be naked
Oh your hands are cold how on earth did
your hands get so cold my hands should
be hot they've been busy on that
controller that their ice cuz I'm an
ice-cold killer your cold-blooded check
it and see away that's known as
hot-blooded
I'm warming his hands up a little bit
there we go cold
your hands are suffering a premature
case of heat death of the universe there
that's how it starts that's how it
starts this right here my cold hand
that's cold because of entropy that's
causing this is caught this is the heat
death of the universe right here in my
hand I remember I remember my elementary
smite remember mrs. Hasek like the high
school biology teacher no I don't
honestly I don't know that I had her she
was nice and but I remember asking her
she was talking about like kinetic
potential energy and kinetic energy and
just describing it you know it's balls
bouncing downstairs and amber asking her
all the balls eventually get to the
bottom of all the stairs and I guess you
know let's keep death the universe she
said she didn't know she didn't
understand my question or she didn't
know about heed death in the universe
I'm guessing probably she didn't
understand my question
ok Higgins or didn't phrase it well
enough the radio was not here rich Evans
holds the ultimate fate of the universe
in his hand we need to call Tommy this
time that's burner that's for dumb fault
how long have we known each other well
technically we met when we were like
sophomores in high school but we didn't
get to know each other until college age
especially well we had the same circle
of friends we got out a little bit we
just never had any classes together
except gym class in 10th grade
what music am i into I've been lazy in
recent years I used to explore music a
lot and now it's like I have an online
subscription all the music I could
possibly ever want to listen to and half
the time I listen to the same shit
but listen lately to like John Prine and
Gillian Welch and Johnny Cash and the
green cards and the riff ters I've never
heard much great greatness what year do
we graduate high school
1902 nah in a while they know how old I
am even tell me she wants 95 simple math
yeah John Prine my favorite John Prine
song is well I like his duet with I
Liston Iris DeMent in spite of ourselves
it's a cute little love song I like the
one that he's got about illegal smile or
whatever is one about about dope and
then he's got that one please don't bury
me in the cold cold ground that one look
fantastic
where are we meeting up you saw John
Mayer concert so jealous oh he's got
angel from Montgomery - that's another
great song
shifty bench you left high school 96
well I hope you got your GED or you're
thinking about it cuz always a good
thing to have but either way I'm sure it
was for the best the sweater is on the
island people don't leave it because
it's serving them well I do remember the
name Semisonic I don't remember what
songs they had I mean I remember I
remember a lot of when it wanders like
better than Ezra that song good
Candlebox had far behind there were a
lot of good well I guess every era has a
lot of good one it Wonder songs or to
hit wonder songs I know who I want to
take me home yeah not a favorite
probably cuz it got played so much
closing time I'm not into Hootie but my
dad is
I haven't heard much by Steve Earle I
should probably look into him heard the
name I've definitely heard stuff by
crowd I think we're all here or they had
low and they had Eurotrash girl
Eurotrash girl's a fun song to crack her
head like I don't know probably like
four or five decent songs plus um camper
van Beethoven was like the cracker guy
before he was cracking cracker juju by
sushi and the band cheese I got a I wish
I had paper I need to make on a list no
one yet it's on the island that's across
the lake here presidency United States
got booed off stage with tulle
it's an odd thing to have together I
mean the one tool is tool and very much
of their time you know kind of like an
industrial machine sounding stuff and
president noted states are singing songs
about peaches
I do like killing Welsh in John Prine
and I highly recommend looking up the
band have a song called the wait which
if you can't picture it in your head
you've probably heard it it's weight
like a scale weight and she and Old Crow
Medicine Show do a cover of it Gillian
Welch an Old Crow Medicine Show doing
the weight it's fantastic yeah that's
all
exactly Gino suave did rich where our
liner listen to Marilyn Manson Rich's
never worn makeup unless it was for some
role no he was never gothy why do you
like Marilyn Manson to Beautiful People
the beautiful people you know all that
kind of stuff well that worked which was
not a jock rich Lakes kind of straight
ahead rock and roll like Creedence and
the doors and Nirvana
we should go north
I'm sure he has it rich you've ever
heard of fair to middlin but you I
didn't know he's staring staring at the
screen with fixing concentration the
mask is off do you have the sweater it's
on the island I haven't listened to tool
in a while I listened recently I was on
Amazon Prime and I was listening to um
gravity kills and I realized how much it
was of its time and that it just kind of
hasn't aged well the store was not
barricaded
I'm a radio of Radiohead fan but more of
their like early and middle stuff like
I've loved ok computer and their first
the first Elms ok I like the second
album the Benz I really liked the the EP
the the Benz EP I think it was the one
that's got Lewis on there I love that
song
well and I like some of the songs off
the two albums after that are you I know
it's not the cool thing to say but I'm
not crazy about Wayne Bo's Nirvana is my
anti ASMR have some more money
hi Steve just a plea well thank you
listen to quicksand it's like tool that
is aged well
muse
I think I had one of their albums and
that I liked it I think it was also
right around the time that I ripped
everything onto my computer and then
just kind of tucked all my CDs away seem
to remember them having a really good
song and I've tried listening to Thom
Yorke solo stuff for me
one of one of my favorite things that
he's done is that that I really liked
the the do what he did with Bjork and I
get was Selma songs or dancer in the
dark
whatever that was called and he did some
covers of like Rhinestone Cowboy and
some roxy music songs because I just
love Roxy Music self-titled album and he
did some covers of that that were like
some of my favorite Radiohead Asian
stuff although I don't think he was the
band was calling itself Radiohead and
they might have been for it do people
ever get tired who is not barricading
doors
tell me I'll keep them busy you make
your way across to the island now it's
over I think
- mode have a lot of good songs I don't
know if Muller died with the sweatshirt
or not
those things in the world just totally
cries out
oh come on you can kill her better than
that
how far can you swim oh I'm not swimming
no apparently Jason can to get you in
the water
Oh easily the islands kind of a bad spot
for the sweatshirt to show up
Deborah best counselor yes so they have
different skills
have I ever been to a Star Trek
convention no but we went to a next-gen
reunion thing in Chicago they had it was
it was like a next-gen and Shatner yeah
it's like a bonus shot yes just shat all
over it
they're also removing friendly-fire in
the future patch team killing well yeah
I know available using tools like bear
traps and the collars I don't really
like that I was dressing up like Lucas
attic on a lot of people wanted a lot of
people wanted to get their picture taken
where they were punching me in the face
or choking me did you oblige yeah I did
oh not like rlm fans just people who
wanted to picture them did anybody read
Pancho that wasn't really on I don't
think anyone did especially not what the
Lucas makeup on because I was one of the
first times we did that that's what I'm
thinking is oh look Lucas makeup is
don't know you were clean shaven back I
don't I don't think I was as
recognizable did I win the contest no
but I really shouldn't have if it was a
contest for looking like George Lucas
maybe yeah I'm sure there were people
who had man seams twisting skills and
and rubber and prosthetics and we could
make up and stuff who deserved it much
more
household name rich Evans the first time
I remember anybody recognizing you we
were in a DVD and and game store like a
place that's old I've told the story you
can tell it again if you want
oh and just all of a sudden they started
playing audio from one of the movies
over the intercom and there's Rich's
dead grandmother coming over the
intercom which she has admitted with a
little bit spooky you sitting there
minding your own business whatever so
there's your dead grandmother's voice
coming over the intercom I'm gonna feel
bad if we get a kill over Comiskey and I
think he's got the least experience out
of everyone I have I have a strong
feeling committee and just bought this
game to play it with me on stream I have
I have that suspicion and I feel really
bad if we get the kill
tea is middle initials tea Richard the
ovens good BJ like Homer Jay Simpson
could be nothing could be six or seven
different middle names
and the ever if he ever joins the Screen
Actors Guild having having won or making
one will certainly be useful where that
ever did transpire I'm gonna work for
Michael J Fox hey I think everyone
else's by the car I'm heading there they
said your name is Richard oh my god
evidence Richard have F Evans standing
for fucking TIE fighter
actually one we're here we should check
we should check and see if the
sweatshirts up here I can't yet what
you're pointing at a thing in sideways
on the screen just look at us so things
people are coming up I ever read any
Valiant Comics yes was a female teenager
future cop a space cop if you will but
nothing like space cop I can't think of
her name I think that was on volume it's
here we could grab it now it would be a
risk though you want to do it alright
let's do it
fucking
but yeah I think that was on Valiant
Comics grab the ax while you're in there
they're wearing the same clothes alright
then let's head by everyone else you
could have two of the same counselor yep
I've had matches where everyone was the
same person
early on when everyone thought AJ was
the absolute best it's a bit more spread
out these days people have learned how
to use the other counselors better
get a recharge a bit
oh my god he ran right through it
where is the Tommy Jarvis house
machete run accent
I've got a machete
all right Big Apple try not to engage
try not to engage
there's nothing I need something okay I
found it it's it's not fell unveil you
comments are called rocket girl rich who
ever Evans I liked that too
you have a rocket girl's shirt that's
awesome I absolutely love the animation
style or not animation I guess drawing
style graphic style
that's what I need
he's a killer in a hockey mask who hunts
20 teenagers in the woods these films
have nothing to do with subtlety is that
a quote from you rich no is a me reader
the the artist or the writer or both
illustration style sure that
this is face always do that yes is there
a neutral from from practical intents
and purposes his face always does that
he's coming in the back she's good I
mean some of the panels on that they're
just the crazy perspective so things are
like but she's like on top she's flying
through the air and you can look down
and see buildings and it's just I really
do like the rocket girl comics art well
RL I'm ever sell out and do conventions
as guests regularly I'm sure says
anonymous I'm sure there are plenty of
fans who would love to screen rich rich
Evans related memes in person while
getting space cops blu-ray autographs
you've done it before
wait wait
this round he does it's happening we did
it osaka i love saga
I'm so sorry committee and I am so sorry
I'm trying to get rich to read saga but
he says he doesn't want to read it until
it's over
huh saga oh oh yeah did you read the
train this four months you're talking
about saga we killed Jason
it took you months to kill Dave I
thought you killed him before
congratulations
excellent work everyone
excellent well I realized he killed
Jason but I didn't realize he had done
it before I mean I truly don't see every
plays this thing all night sometimes I
don't watch the whole time do we want to
try again for shits and giggles or do we
just want to play it like normal
escaping so it's really hard uncanny
really weird it was a good game it was a
good game
I watched parts of some of the prereqs
streams especially the ends of them
because they're trying to figure out
what time he's coming home if we're
getting if I'm making something or
forgetting food together if he's still
streaming that I know it's gonna be a
little while
so you that's the first time you've done
that on stream I think I've been in
games words happened congratulations I
was not trying to shit I've better where
I was involved once but that wasn't on
stream and honestly I didn't feel great
about it
once I realized that the person playing
Jason was a kid
that took away from an event but
anonymous says well RL I'm ever sell out
and do conventions as guests regularly
how much it's selling out they'd be used
to do competitive support we haven't
done it in a while does it remember you
got me a Ghostbusters pin we haven't
yeah I said we've done it before just
it's been a while and that was way
before the new Ghostbusters movie I put
on my hat with my girl test carrot get
your review pen
I'm curious if they'll ever make a movie
of saga some of those aliens are pretty
darn weird but they could make it
animated this is an odd spot for Jason
to come to first I'm not being stream
snipe damn I know that's they're
probably going to the big house actually
there's probably something to be
stream's what sniped somebody watches
your game on stream so they see what
you're doing while they're playing with
you and they kind of cheat by knowing
what you're doing oh that's not nice
no it's not nice
there's no rush to get to the car it's
probably already trapped what take your
time she say just push a button in your
person acts hysterical yes I could call
the cops how does one get rich to be
your friend on stream so you can play
Friday the 13th with him it's probably a
bit late right now because we're kind of
full I think everybody I think everybody
playing here is from the chat right now
I think they've all found their way in
basically you have to wait until rich is
looking for people to play with again
like maybe next time he plays or
something and then he goes and delete
some of the older people there yeah in
his account because his account is maxed
out on the number of friends or contacts
or associates or I think he's people to
play with so he has to go and find some
older ones and delete them to make room
we might find he's there's no room right
now
all right time to go make some magic
happen pizza train 11 says there Jack
how do we know you're the real jack or
not Jack would be honest previously
recorded wife prove that you're the real
Jack say something only Jack would know
were you a hulkamaniac as a kid yes yes
he definitely was oh I'm definitely
skeptical I just die pyrius I just
wanted to make them try to prove that
they were Jack oh that's a great
response but that should be interesting
that sounds dirty thank God it actually
picked
no rush no rush cuz he's gonna be here
the second I make that call so I might
as well search a bit first can you read
the book no you can't read the book you
can read none of the books shotgun
battery no no all right well make the
call but first I might find the keys
we gotta make none of the special search
and the keys might be up here gonna use
the toilet now I can't use the toilet
what do you keep asking me silly
questions rim because I like watching
you get air - oh I get irritated they
think I'm a jerk I've got keys I'm about
to call the cops I'll meet you by the
four-seater whoa what is that phone
doing it's like opening her head is
Rich's dad a cop Rich's dad is not a cop
though I think he used to be a rugby
player not professional girl
yeah the phone was very mobile and very
orbiting her head in some weird way
Master Chief when I get off my ass and
plant it no I hate planting things
as Richards dad a mechanic or we're
going to go through the list of
applicate I have occupations just added
some kind of computer thing Gately says
speaking of rugby and I hate to be
political but here's some money
hi Steve yeah richest dad as a computer
he's actually trapped inside of a Speak
& Spell
yeah just like electric dreams I love
that movie
rich is half computer exactly
or Zeus George Lucas shit
nice
Oh rich is definitely stoned in his
tongue is sticking out like he thinks
he's Michael Jordan shooting baskets or
something just go through oh just go
through taking out the trees oh no that
doesn't go through
rich needs mood music what kind of
mutant is mud music like like the
Beautiful People the beautiful people or
like some kind of belly or it's been a
fast-paced car chase II good thing how
about like the death to Denton did a
mountain break did that data dip yeah
small wonder that the daughter was a
robot and and the son looked like a
child version of Billy Corgan stay was
thinking like eastbound down loaded up
and truckin although obviously he's not
driving a truck
she just jumped over his blow like his
his she riding it wait wait a minute
she's riding a fucking baseball bat
because this game has a lot of glitches
but that one is hilarious I know it
looks like a witch riding a broom except
oh my god that is great it's the best
glitch i've ever seen she's riding a
fucking baseball bat like a Segway like
a floating Segway baseball bat I want
one
das clown Stein says I'm glitched I
can't get in I can't get in the car
you'll have to do it
hey Karen rich I just watched
Ghostbuster 2016 H ITV half in the back
did you actually take a shot of the dan
Aykroyd visor or did you just fake it
if I pretended to take a shot it was
pretending and if you faked it why I
thought it was strange
which isn't a drinker well so I have no
idea if there was actual vodka I can't
get in just go painter
is my dish replacing rich heaven
did bike and J drink skull vodka pretty
well that was weird or not Michael J
drink something yeah rich is a
teetotaler that is the term from he's
got nothing against whether anybody else
does or doesn't but he himself was not a
drinker I never had aren't like
straightedge people like vegan or
something - he's not vegan now I'm not
straight edge because don't straight
edges usually like get righteous about
it and and well I I'm special in I don't
know the ring else wants to drink he
just doesn't drink good game good game
I know the Crystal Skull vodka bottles
are kind of awesome
I agree the actual bottles strongest
drug I've ever done well technically it
would be whatever they gave me before I
had my molars removed yeah he was pretty
fucked up when he went to the earth the
oral surgeon and got his wisdom teeth
taken out he doesn't devoid caffeine he
doesn't drink coffee because he doesn't
like coffee but he drinks pop
straightedge is a cultural movement that
that's kind of allied with some forms of
punk rock I think some of the some of
them are political and I think all of
them are their tenants I think they're
mostly about no we didn't did we crash
polluting their bodies with stuff I
think a lot of them are vegans and we
may have crashed all of them don't drink
alcohol I'm gonna I'm gonna get this
minute or two to get it shit together
but I think we crashed I in fact did not
mean to say soda terms ever it is 901
p.m. CDT central Daylight Time
all right it's all right it's a bit late
to get everyone together the team up
again I am gonna turn the game on and
I'm gonna go one more round just just on
my own I'm gonna join some random match
and that'll be the last round of the
night we must reminiscence what time we
start five ish 5:30 something like that
oh my god I think something came up a
while ago that said it was three hours
33 minutes and 44 seconds how much of
the giant do ask episode of best the
worst was authentic and how much was
just my fucking with you doing doing up
time right now because I'd like to go at
least four how do I do that okay
somebody just did three hours 44 minutes
and 26 seconds 44 minutes oh yeah by the
time I do another round before alright
what was my question what was that
question that was Mike fucking with you
at a jet some kind of giant flask
episode he's a little bit drunken a
little bit annoying but yeah if you're
going to refer to someone who doesn't
drink alcohol or do drugs or have
promiscuous sex a straightedge I guess
that would make rich straightedge but
he's not really a part of that sort of
subculture nothing against it just not
what we're into
and cephalopod that says oh man that
kill I think I'm still high from it I'm
glad it was fun rich are the planket
reviews a quote a cooperative effort of
rlm or mostly just Mike I hoped him
earlier lately Mike's just good just
doing it on his own time like the first
few when he was doing that like the next
gen and the Star Wars ones I was
watching the movies with him first
that's that's about as much as I really
did though just took notes with them
well does this make sense well no how
about you know I don't think Mormons but
he did he does less of that kind of
nitpicky stuff now sigh you know I
really don't have much to do with the
recent blanket reviews it's all Mike
which isn't Mormon that's a sister she's
a Mormon or a letter they say LDS thanks
for the game last night rich let it be
known not all that when it comes to
teamwork says Peru Acala
rich Evans repairs the boat gases it up
and leaves without telling a fucking
soul
thanks jerk wasn't that the same match
where I helped call the cops LDS or
Mormon I'm just wondering if most
Mormons refer to themselves as saints or
Mormons or LDS folk there was a there
was a match I don't think it was that
specific match no way that was that
match it was that match I did help when
you guys were calling the cops
I was running Jason I was like four
houses I had him chased me around
through why you guys are fixing that
fucking phone I contributed you just
didn't notice cuz Jason wasn't on your
ass cuz he was on mine and then when he
went to check on the phone that's what I
took off on the boat well I am absolved
here that here is the the scratchiness
of his voice he's running out of air I
was it was probably the most epic match
I have ever had in this game
Jason was focused on me like a fucking
laser beam like he tore up four houses
trying to kill my ass and he couldn't
fucking do it
I didn't wanna lose the propeller says
like so they puttin the propeller down
and grabbing a pot to fight running
around grab the propeller back like four
fucking houses I tied him up me alone
damn it
they call themselves letters and yeah I
thought I could be wrong over as
Christians yeah of course yeah I thought
the most part Mormons was something that
people who aren't warm and call Mormons
but either are
whoa nice poster of birds
mr. Autobahn would be proud will there
ever be a commentary track for
spider-man 3 no I don't think any one of
us gives enough of a shit I don't like
those spider-man movies in general can
you like my paper nope yes yes no you
can you can type letter something like
send a letter to your pen pal letter to
your you know your pen pal well while
jason's chasing you they let you type
whatever you want mother hello father
I've been killed by a psycho maniac I'd
show you but I'm a little bit busy right
now
so you know I'm dying you can do that
you can totally do that
alright then nothing's been done oh shit
alright
rich is breath of the wild one of the
best games ever ah that might be a
stretch
it's them good Gately says let me be
your Minister I'm willing to do the
voice of the guy from Princess Bride if
necessary
ah the two loved to love how adorable is
doom one of the best games ever yes
Dumba Dumba Dumba Dumba tomb in a
marriage yeah
new and old I think you should do a
review of Dragon Slayer No hey JRPGs is
the amazing spider-man one of the worst
movies ever yes well the amazing
spider-man 2 amazing apartment 1 is just
dull who mike officiate your wedding and
characters blanket no god help us what's
your favorite half in the bag episode
Jack and Jill oh my god B thousand buy
guided voices I love that album I do
tractor rape chain and oh my goodness
the gold heart mountain top queen
directory
and there was one of them I don't think
the name of it but there's been some
pretty good coverage of their songs and
they're totally blanking out on what
song and who something about a bell or
something
I can't remember and they had that one
something vampire something or other
that came out before B thousand
all right I have gas and keys sent me to
have a battery which one's the four
Cedars that the one boy would bury or
buy the lodge listen any rapper hip-hop
not much admittedly I ever seen guided
by voices live no sound like they'd be
terrible I mean from what I've heard it
sounds like they just kind of start out
low Phi and become drunken incoherent
but I don't know
you named Tobin the you know after Tobin
sprout wasn't that that one of their
people if memory serves
already the rugged man checked it who
Jack Jack Jack didn't quit the stream
Dexter's off today
Chad I can install that yeah I think I'm
gonna have to go home and listen to some
guided by voices it's been a while jack
is vacating vacationing in Canada or the
North Woods with dogs or kids or
grandparents or something and even Oh am
i excited for the Incredibles too
excited but also nervous cuz sequels
often suck but I want to see the
Underminer again I am beneath you all
but nothing has beneath me it's like the
best line ever I've got a little bit of
lag issues here I think I can't handle
that's good that was good that was good
he knows it he's done a weapon a weapon
come on
I'm Texas Chainsaw Massacre too was a
pretty good sequel first they were both
kind of not the very best movies but I
remember enjoying them immensely as a
young child oh and I thought the sequel
to Finding Nemo the finding dory I
really enjoyed that can art rich they
want to know if our rlm can play Pakal
VHS nope no I can't I don't think they
have a pal compliant VCR or television
I'm not sure exactly what you need to
make that happen
you know most their VHS a--'s and
different things come from thrift stores
and whatnot and you're not going to find
too much of the European stuff and what
was its ton - ii started as bullshit
that was legit bullshit though this
dumbass didn't find a weapon before i
want to get back to the car well you
probably can get double region tape and
DVD I'm not going out like that one more
but I don't know how much that would
cost one more that would be to get or
and only one more how many people are
gonna want to send stuff where the Lord
only one more arms being what it is from
overseas to here
rich have you seen Mad Max in the
original Australian accent see
Australian that sounds awesome I don't
know that I have its wall stirring what
Australian Mel Gibson yeah technically
is from the US but he I think I've
mostly raised in New Zealand it was in
Austria Australia when he speaks does he
speak like like he's from Australia I
think back in the day he had a bit more
of an accent that he does know they said
like a good attic rich we'll have one
more oh my god like that was terrible I
went out on somebody's macro kill the
agro stun release the eye of RocknRolla
says hi rich I care and gear head
question without looking it up can you
name the make and model of the three
film automobiles the Bluesmobile the Mad
Max interceptor and the Back to the
Future time machine I can do the last
one well yeah the DeLorean yeah the DMC
DeLorean Motor Company the the DeLorean
man max interceptor have no idea picture
some kind of fairly obscure thing that
they changed the front on the
Bluesmobile I heard it the other day
it's a Chevy something or other
interceptors they're an interceptor it's
a cop car lots of things could be cop
cars yeah the space cop car pretty sure
it's a Chevy DeLorean brand DeLorean
Ford Falcon was at the Mad Max car my
poor defender from the one that the Mad
Max car the Falcon I think it is
arvin says wait no Gibson is from New
York I was way wrong from but I think he
spent most of his childhood though in
Australia Ford xB coupe hardtop
the XP is is the Mad Max car that's the
cop car from rewatch parts the Blues
Brothers the other day ah that car that
car there's nothing special about it
just an ordinary car yet it's so
memorable oh the movie is memorable it's
not a space car it's not a flying car
it's not a unique car built by this
company that's got rockets it's just
their car a former cop car and it's
great Tiberius is saying it's a dodge
monocle
it could be I really I don't remember
the make and model of the car I am
terrible with remembering car I mean I
know a lot of people seemingly more of
the men but I'm sure there are women who
are great with it to look at cars and
like this is of this and that so that
I'm really not good at recognizing cars
unless they're I'd looking cars you know
like the PT Cruiser or the mitten the
mini coop MINI Cooper or whatever
because they haven't I kind of kind of
look I really see I'm they're different
there's somebody said tell me the do
between Malibu and a Sun fire and a
Cavalier good luck
can either of us name a prequel we ever
enjoyed like Star Wars prequels or
prequels for other things trying to
thank pickles or food I had named some
prequels and wrinkles for other things
there was anything inherently wrong with
the concept of something that takes
place before something else
I guess Temple of Doom technically I
think Temple of Doom takes place like
the year before Raiders I like Raiders
better but I don't hate Temple of Doom
that's a prequel we like there we go
the young Indiana Jones chronicles very
disappointing
I really use a map that's not a good
sound
what's your favorite john landis film
and did you talk to max about John's
films I'm not really we didn't bug him
about his dad Blues Brothers is up there
coming to America's not bad his dad's
brothers person yeah he directed the
Blues Brothers cool what else we got
start naming some other things he's a
fine director I'm terrible at
remembering who directed what to
hey rich if I donated to a charity in
your name or something could you call my
friend and scream oh my god no be a
little weird
a friend that he can handle his own
business I'm sure you could find oh my
god on YouTube somewhere and play it
over the phone form American Werewolf in
London was that a prequel to something
it's fine scene I've never seen the
whole movie
this isn't going great nobody's done
anything significant don't know where
the propeller is this is just going to
end poorly oh I thought American war was
a question answer to the prequel
question it's to the Landis question
yeah yeah I've seen it now lately who's
Nathan Michael J Fox which one am I
thinking of you're thinking of Teen Wolf
oh yeah
at all all right we're done I'm a man of
my word hate to go out like that but man
of my word
they must kill ever they said ma'am
throwing somebody through the already
open window is always stupid crane hand
Christ says hey guys how's the one-eyed
Daniel holding up Lemmy is is doing well
because he's in the tank with the
Guppies and if Lemmy could avoid
harassing the Guppies and trying to nip
at them he could stay in there with the
coffee's if he acts like too much of an
asshole his options the only other
option is to hang out with the other
danios bugs he's gonna try and fix the
bed okay
his tail grew back after the danios ate
half of it he's a cute little fish from
one side and kind of a horror show from
night and if Jason is not gonna say
anything funny interesting or clever
then he gets you shut the fuck up hey so
huh Joey blew the window okay mama Jason
Hey Oh tried to get away or something
Laura I'm going to kill you this is why
Jason to the same character worst Jason
ever
Jason's supposed to be silent worst and
chase and amber much deadlier than apart
let's go for a walk go for a walk we
could go outside go for a walk then I'm
I'm gonna swing my axe at you and kill
you with my axe oh did you use health
spray
oh you big boy how do you want it
this guy is awful this guy's just awful
prereq in my ass says over the weekend
my friend and I said which is he
streaming this shit Apple over the
weekend my friend and I tried to
resurrect our good food bad movie night
he cooked the most amazing dish and no
one showed up I hope they all get pulled
like taffy and escalator accidents I
could press talk but he won't hear me I
hope they'll get get skinned in
escalator accidents like I'm itchy and
scratchy hey in that building I'll see
when in that house I'm gonna come in and
swing my axe at the door somebody's
having a little power trip nice dive I
hope that he just spawn out of thin air
wait don't go in his chat and harass him
don't do that shit don't do that oh
don't don't
he's not doing anything
dickish he's just a idiot
lame on the mic
he talks like Eminem oh no it's Slim
Shady on Twitch
mixie and what says was he worse than me
rich
I died his Jason we're talking about mic
skills yeah we're talking about what
he's saying not about his Jason Jason
hood and that sometimes it's better just
to say nothing at all and have some
weird moment look
don't don't harass anyone he hasn't
killed anybody all right moving on
I think a smart move here is to move on
all right should I be done I really I
want to do one more
go ahead go on a high note I know I said
that well there's no guarantee I'm going
out in the hide oh this could be even
more pathetic huh someone says one more
someone says be done oh no connection
lost weight Tiberius Kirk says victory
or death victory or death victory or
death I can make some people deaf oh god
yeah look no matter what help what
happens from here it's been a good night
we've had a good night ears ring I'm
gonna throw you through this window
how's that that sound good
no you can't hit me I'm jacked up
unready
violate 22 says I'm very happy rich
isn't a man of his words word in this
instance I know now a filthy liar from
here on out I've ruined my reputation
catalogs chrome flakes says how about I
were to rest a pizza
I'm Jason that'd be too clever that
would be like some kind of analogy to
something yeah how do you how do you
want me to throw you I'm gonna I'm gonna
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna fuck you up
I'm Jason yeah yeah now I'm gonna throw
you Oh about that hurt didn't it ha
I bought a cou you with the birdbath
kill do you like that you're gonna be
seeing little birds floating around your
head that's the clever
that's I'm gonna smash you in the head
with it like the animation and the game
does you have to be completely devoid of
there's gonna be real birds floating
around you're a big birds of it yeah all
right see if we find gasp real quick
gasps that battery and Higgins if
they're gonna spawn in the big house
they're gonna be in this room if the gas
ponds and this house will be against
that wall the battery doesn't be right
here I get this in the car before Jason
shows up to put a single trap down why
their leaves on the ground it's if it's
false I don't know what leaves it's fine
holding up all right we fucked that up
royally royally and my thoughts and
veganism are no matter what I say there
will be people who militantly disagree
with me one way or the other I was
vegetarian for a long time myself I
defend neither position and wish anyone
luck and certainly support anyone's
decision to eat or not eat whatever
see the keys of the battery or something
Wow you might shit
it's awful quick for this urge not to
talk about housing religion veganism and
CrossFit you know it I did that for a
while too
do not trust the guy the job these
people did up here why wouldn't they
check this house
I did enjoy it he's a bunch of different
challenges it's a little hard of my body
no gas pretty good shape for a while
should probably get more into exercise
again
you see if they left the gas in here oh
they're ready got the guest
I'll wait motorboat that won't uh
roughly approximately never fuck
everyone but there are plenty of them on
the Internet I could probably go down to
YouTube rabbit hole plenty of what on
the internet videos pro/con and
regarding CrossFit hmm do I think the
Jason kill counts because you died
before it happened counts sure counts I
helped take him down there's part of it
they liked the recent blanket review
thank you
it's the same layout that would be
insane
DX Ritchie says an extra tip for rich
being an evil liar and providing us with
more minutes of free entertainment that
would be insane
of course rich is ripped did you see the
the The Incredible Hulk shirt he was
wearing that said said I'd flex but I
like this shirt I'll do some incredibly
stupid I'm gonna do something incredibly
stupid like yourself out of your car
yeah
this person think of the same thing I am
answer the mail from jury duty there's
no way this works there's no way this
works
like this zero chance this works do they
do different breasts like she does a
breast stroke or something do the other
ones do other stuff No
I know swimming in a sweater and jeans
and swimming at a pretty damn good clip
I think mr. Phelps would be jealous how
fast that things moving he's gonna be
here any second
no wait is worse he's probably waiting
over there right now
waiting or waiting both
it's some kind of magic waterproof
sweater there god I hope I do mean
Michael Phelps the swimmer not the
inners over national monetary fund dude
he might be able to swim - I have mitts
over those worth a shot
you died all right we're done we're done
gotta be the plaid she got played
plaid played Wow what I don't know oh my
goodness we caught up on tips ah beliefs
so let me do a quick scroll through to
make sure there isn't anything that I
missed I really hate the trackpad on
this thing let's see
when we're watching old best the worst
episodes I have to ask why didn't you
just stop after Vivi matrix and the
amazing bulk we got that we got that one
that was the first one Chicago hot dogs
the errors question getting rich drunk
profiting off of someone's solitude and
unemployment
have you tried Alpha Centauri yet I
already asked there's a YouTube video
don't click done yet I'm doing it the
other way you're doing it the lungs
which prime issue same person commentary
tracks in the tub with wine Sony
executive playing as a dinosaur Nirvana
is my anti ASMR conventions politics
ghostbusters side your storm said my
wife and I love you rich like creepily
so you sexy beast okay
a lot of these yes yes when I Danielle
good food bad movies yeah that's always
okay alright fair number of tips yeah
yeah we appreciate your generosity
genuinely alright this is the part of
the stream where we read the names of
the people who have subscribed
today thank you very much thank scribing
and we say some dirty words so you know
plug your children's ears well just one
dirty word okay start let's top very are
77 has resubmits 19 i read that right
well you really read it over a year okay
20 it's fucking 36 it's motherfucking
okay 36 in above uh for nineteen months
in a row fire 77 says thanks for all the
laughs and all the tears you magnificent
bastards keep it going until the nuclear
apocalypse
warn me all right no hometown markup and
hometown Markab 436 motherfucking yet
hold on like fireworks or something I
just don't like loud sudden noises that
make me strange you'll see you'll see
isn't that a big deal I mean like the
toaster makes me Flint sometimes I don't
know like popping balloons or any of
that kind of shit
hometown markup 436 motherfucking Munson
all so and all that crap on the floors
from yeah I know it's jackster but idea
is that we're stuck of it so Jack we're
stuck so Jack needs a vacuum at indoor
lick it up because it's his fault yeah
yeah but we have more to read I know we
do
Oh first things first yeah that's us
smells yeah it does and tilts says hi
humberto Cabbage Patch has resided
forking months in a row those were
really synced up well Berto Cabbage
Patch says how far have you gotten in
hard mode of FTL like sector one I
haven't played hard mode very much seems
too stressful
maybe someday chicken mcpot eggs so low
56 underscore 7 so low 56 underscores
how many ones 19
eeen all right I have nothing to say
besides thanks for all the good other
great content kick girl V for 16 months
and roses
you guys are adorable thanks for keeping
me company while I'm working you're
welcome
yes very very welcome Lobsterfest 10,000
10k works - sure
Bryant crew 438 love their fucking
months in a row you know how many more
fireworks that's just for the 36 36
that's 38 Jake had his way it would be
every month after 36 it would be stupid
and insane 48 when he's free start
bringing in m-80s do do it blow it up
and let Jack take over don't want to
think about that we need to control Jack
I don't even want to think about that
nothing a while back I sent you a no
14:04 it's a medieval city builder I
thought Karen might enjoy it
I might look into it I hadn't heard
about it until now thank you
thought Karen might enjoy it also get
married already so rich can have health
insurance unless your company doesn't
have it in which case you are fucked
yeah I do not currently have a job with
health insurance first spouses so yeah
dear Tesla oh there's a steam Peak girl
render unto me says Wow two months no
one cares while celebrate are you bran
flake four five four seven
I am Mouse most i am lucy MOS let me say
I am Musa most
I know those famous I'm also Mavis I
don't I don't know yeah your name is
fucking weird is joe flacco elite
pretender right ho Jeeves you have to
say that with an accent right ho James
that's pretty good Roy hey
all tricks oh sorry it's fine it's fine
odd tricks says rich looks dead soon
enough
sure enough Gina suave clay no one
what CLIs has recent in a row
what CLIs says i can't believe it's been
34 months thank you for the endless
hours of enjoyment much love and respect
that's a penny dr. smoke trees dr. smoke
tree says rich one thing that might
interest you about stargate itsx compost
track yes ITF it's it's XCOM oh it's it
is
it's XCOM plus I thought it was an
acronym Ursa no no no it's
XCOM plus Trek aliens attack earth and
the SGC whatever that it's dark a
company something is tasked with finding
weapons and allies to defend Earth
dr. soya neighs 4:28
fucking monster taro says rich have you
ever severely pulled a muscle
I recently pulled a groin muscle so hard
it caused nerve damage it flares up in
the morning then loses all feeling by
bedtime I pain meds for breakfast but
every day ends with a numb testicle is
that part good or bad not v-match blue
Pikachu gesundheit
Duke Fissel beef two tanks for 30
bogging months in a row connects today
expose my dream a phoenix wright police
quest crossover game on ridge plus Jack
plus Caron plus J plus Mike PRL stream
nope it's probably going to remain a
dream yeah in Deauville 86 has resis
kryb
for than that chef before we leave off
indole 86 okay Edgar Allen hope Oh for
13 months and a roses rich thank you for
taking this video game so seriously it
brings me so much joy it takes these
things ridiculously seriously rotas
Copic I like the name rodas Copic says
only two more months till I'm in double
digits
Barmes the dog Pizza trained Barba's
does your master know that you have
access to their credit card pizza train
11 for 30 fucking months in a row Pizza
train 11 says it was a joke and on her
Jack not being there I'm Jack his
favorite thing to say Sagar storm casual
horses roof subscribed for 20 fucking
months in a row casual horse says do you
know how long I've been waiting for this
20 fucking months in a row dis dat 722
fucking months in a row dis dat 7 says
potentially the last dream I'll be able
to catch for a while thanks for making
it memorable both of you on the flip
side of whatever Donner 777 says even if
you won't call my friend I still love
you rich Evans ah alright thank you all
for subscribing we really appreciate it
you say it's true we really do I know
Jack's not here he usually does that
better I was just waiting for you to
prompt because I think it's funny ya
know we genuinely do good night thank
you good night have a good night Oh what
are we still on no no we're not off yet
I gotta find the right button as soon as
he figures out how to push a button
