Oct 29, 2017
Mario Odyssey
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186238820
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/186240610
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zEoHXJ9WuY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkEZGcC-848
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/924716143654322182

[Part I]
I hit the button headed it's on we're
good
past time time to go about to do a quick
volume check you know game volume is
always so tricky everybody's different
everybody feels different about it you
know game volume like does it's it's too
loud for me it's I can't hear it at all
for me refresh your page we are live hey
yo everybody last stream someone was
making one was mentioning our camera
yeah and about how it seems to get worse
and worse with every stream mmm and yeah
as I was cutting up the stream into
YouTube episodes it did look a little
fuzzy so I did double check the focus
just to make sure we were focuses focus
I don't know uh-huh so tell us if we
look crisp and clear so we what time you
say we're certain we technically early -
oh rich we are about 45 minutes early
I'd you know cuz I wasn't sure exactly
when I'd get here so I said we weren't
gonna start til 7:00 nice because of my
adventure well no that was even before I
always see where that was smart thinking
Jack yes
smart thinkin wait but your focus was
off on the last one your depth of field
is showering the DS there you're
clearing out oh thanks Tiberius we're
clear now yeah you know what it may be
like it did an autofocus thing and we
got out of focus but would you like to
tell them about your adventure
III Karen had a flat tire on the way to
see her mother right I'd to go out we're
on the somewhere on the highway and find
Karen and change your tire yep much like
Mario rich had to rescue a damsel in
distress where are you at as a sign that
says there's a barn I see a barn this is
one of them one of the wonderful things
about about Wisconsin or at least the
Milwaukee area they don't fucking
believe in street signs here and it's
the most obnoxious
thing major major fucking streets won't
have a fucking street sign that you know
since the fury a sometimes when you're
at an intersection you can't find the
street sign they don't exist
it's really tough yeah yeah you guys
being early is a sign of the end times I
know it's weird we're early so I was
sure I would be super late yeah yeah cuz
you were helping Karen change the tire
and the crows fuck fuck I'm very sorry I
thought I thought I was gonna snap the
the bolt the part with the threading off
you trying to get those those nuts off
hmm I thought I was gonna snap the bolt
I'm glad you didn't I am too and that
would have been horrible
I think Karen's also glad you yeah but
you made it back in time it wasn't it
wasn't as far as I thought I know I knew
she was heading down in near the
Chicagoland area so I thought you were
gonna have to drive a heck of a way but
you weren't too far it was so hard to
get this nut stuff I was like worried
that I was gonna break something I
thought I think some kind of fancy nuts
that don't come off via normal means
something special you need to do oh wait
a special the key I was saying you
earlier I have actually uh at one point
I was changing a tire I had a flat and
my my nuts were so corroded that I
actually snapped my tire iron my tire I
put my tire iron on the lug nut and it
wouldn't move so I actually stepped on
top of it and used my entire bodyweight
to like jiggle it right right and
instead of the nut moving my tire iron
flowered like flayed open I almost went
to not quite jumper to step on it and do
one of those but I don't know it's
definitely gonna break but yeah yeah
yeah so I got the nuts off finally
listen alright that's the hard part
ya could take the wheel off off
take the wheel off Oh what the fuck
hey couldn't even get the real fucking
wheel without the nuts was so corroded
it was stuck on Oh I had to I had a hand
screw the nuts I'm just not too tight
yeah then just drive the car back and
forth bit basically into the wheels
snapped off on the flat on the flat yeah
yeah go back to classic you need you
need the the sombrero and pop you are
you not starting a new game huh are you
not starting a new game I'm not start a
new game playing I mean uh I don't know
I couldn't find an area here where you
could open up a new save file like you
know really how normally you pick yours
I couldn't find that one listening and
I'm sure there's a way to do it but I
don't want to I don't want to waste it
like I already have a shit ton of moons
in here so I'm probably gonna go to a
new area this is the desert area pretty
awesome you throw your hat rich that's
the thing with this one you throw your
hat yeah so what's the deal with the
city this city no no new donc city I
haven't been there yet okay so that's
not like the hub world or even no no no
there is no hub world that's everyone
thought I was gonna end up and like the
hub world or something oh yes I thought
I'd see it like I didn't even worry
about that like here's a taxi driver
mm-hmm and here's my big problem is just
like I don't like seeing a real human
next tomorrow it's fine that's super
creepy you know super you know what it
is it's super weird and interesting it's
weird like here looking like Amina and a
in a cartoon sugar skull I'll of it
because we're both cartoons I I think
it's a neat juxtaposition it's kind of
like almost like a joke
kind of as a bit it's a gimmick yeah but
it's neat it's weird can I jump on it
yep
I can't I can't become this man I can't
throw my hat on this man and become him
I can't jump on him okay I have I've not
been able to play any of this yet
okay because Karen has insisted upon two
things one we have to watch the World
Series
I don't mind I like the road sir I know
you like baseball are you rooting for
any particular team I am I'm not really
I am rooting for us for it to go seven
games okay it looks like it will oh it's
a really well played World Series uh-huh
and the other thing she insist on is
watching stranger things season two sure
she wanted to finish watching it before
she goes to her mother on Halloween so
it's like we gotta watch like three
episodes a night don't be scaring us you
got it you got it talk to that girl rich
and not only did we have to watch the
World Series I had to pay attention to
it sneak off to get some Mario time pls
no spoilers I'm assuming you're talking
about four stranger things season two
and not the World Series no you know in
oh we can talk in general but well
talking in vague generalizations I will
not spoil anything
III myself and Emily I'm only on the
fourth or fifth episodes oh hey dog
found me a moon great I I will say this
I got a moon season season one yeah
season one starts off great season one
yeah that that first episode of stranger
things pretty spot on yeah yeah yeah
then in my opinion season one it kind of
slows down in the middle okay starts
grinding there's too many characters and
too many stories and the development is
slow and and then you get to the last
like four episodes of strange and then
it kicks in it kid kicks in the last
three or four episodes of season one I
as first season was concerned not to get
into a big season one debate what you
call a slowdown I call a welcome
breather like what it's like it's like
three hours worth of breather but it's
it's it's three hours it's a lot of
breathe it's a lot of breather but it's
also setting up sure fine you need that
it's almost too much sure I'll say this
about season two yeah kind of the same
thing only doesn't start with that
opening
Wow the first I think the first four
episodes of stranger things season 2 are
a bit of a slog yeah but then I get a
we're now in Atlanta that would we're
kicking into high gear here here's what
I will say without spoiling anything is
the first two episodes feel almost like
a prologue to season 2 but if the first
two episodes of stranger things season 2
without spoiling anything feel more like
an extended epilogue to the first season
well it's it's almost it's almost like
what people do were like hey let's do a
quick catch up on you know where our
characters are at like hey that was
vibrating Episode seven is so bad
Episode seven is great follow this doggy
around he keeps finding me treasures
we're talking about season two right oh
I'm still I'm still into it I I liked a
lot of the a lot of the first episodes
just because I just because I like the
world and I like the characters and so
like for me a lot of it was just like oh
it's so nice seeing like my favorite
can't my gang my gang of the characters
oh that hopper he's easy so he's a you
know riding the delay razor's edge I'm
running with the dog this is the first
I'm hearing that people hate every
episode seven I was totally into Episode
seven I got to watch it and I got to
watch it we're not gonna spoil it don't
get into it wake up
wake up computer thank you there's some
fantastic character development 411 I
don't get into a please I'm not getting
in any details of the event I liked it
and yet I'm seeing multiple comments
from people who did not and I find that
weird it was one of the highs of the
season to me people are crazy I'm
enjoying it so far i I think hey again I
don't want to get into too many spoilers
but like I feel like they're pulling out
some of the same tricks that they used
in season 1 only less effectively didn't
you feel like it was really disconnected
and certainly related to wrestle that's
like the first four episodes to me
nothing felt related to anything else in
the first four episodes do you care
about how their episode 7 is setting up
for the future well there's only nine
episodes right yeah
it's setting up for the future added
some great character development 411 you
people are all muds I believe that I
believe that all right I think I'm gonna
go through a new area cuz I've already
like I've already look at all the moons
I've gotten in here I've been rocking oh
you actually you know what I'm gonna go
buy some boxer shorts cuz I think Mario
should be in boxer shorts if you're
gonna be Mario you need to be my round
boxer folks
it was it was one of my favorite
episodes you people are all crazy there
they are you know there its up crazy all
the time rich all right now we're in
around we're in our Underpants we're
ready to go I will when after I watch
all of season 2 I will let you know
whether or not rich is wrong and we can
have a decent yes you won't I know you
well enough you won't yeah yeah we'll
have a decent discussion on why either
rich is wrong or you the chat is wrong
well we'll talk about that I think you
are going to agree with me
ok that's 7 episode 7 is great we'll see
there's a rich there's just no way to
know I'm a man of mystery
yeah see so I hit a fork in the road we
can go to the lake Kingdom or the wooded
Kingdom let's go to the wooded Kingdom
so here you know we start out here's
where we started off for it's in the cap
kingdom yeah
is that it's a kingdom made out of hats
and the kid a cascade Kingdom a little
level sand Kingdom that's where I just
was now we're gonna go to the wooded
Kingdom I'm going to the wooded Kingdom
I'm in my underpants and we're going to
the woods let's go well we will talk
spoilers eventually so I don't want to
get into the details of some of the
stuff you're talking about yeah so we'll
get into this now let's not do that now
let's not do that now here's what I can
talk here's what I can talk about
changing the subject slightly yeah I
watched the other day
kuk-ja and did you watch ok ah no that's
the Netflix original no I have not about
the super pig
I have certainly not watched that okay
it's got Tilda Swinton in it and Jake
Gyllenhaal and some other people of note
and it was it's a Netflix original movie
and they were so proud of this movie
they actually showed it at con the con
Film Festival okay the hoity-toity
highfalutin arty-farty con Film Festival
and when the Netflix logo popped up they
got booed you know like produced by
Netflix they got booed because people
think that Netflix is killing movies
even though they're the ones investing
most inartistic movies stranger things
is better than anything that's come out
in a theater in years I know for the
most part the artists don't like change
and they say well you're taking movies
out of the movie theaters even though
this movie
good.you you made is is is artistic as
fine I'm ready to say goodbye the movie
theater of course of course everyone is
and you know Netflix is really good at
giving their creators just carte blanc
like just do whatever the fuck you want
right make whatever movie were Netflix
we don't give a fuck and so they made
this movie called jaw about us about a
genetically modified super pig and the
girl who grew up with them and loves him
her Luke Jezza her and and the wacky
adventures that happen when Luke has to
go back to the big city to be
slaughtered yeah and and it's very bad
it's very bad movie it's it's basically
it's a it's the problem with it is it's
a one-note movie well the entire purpose
of the movie is is to say we think that
mass slaughter houses mass farms that
make our food is bad it's like a less
subtle babe it's a it it's it's like
someone wrote babe on a shovel and then
stacked you over the faces mass ponds
are bad yeah so yeah it was it was
pretty you know let's watch something
stranger things hadn't come out yet
so we needed something to watch and we
tried to watch that said you can buy a
you can buy a 70-inch TV now
what the fuck do you need a big-screen
theater experience for with a bunch of
noisy assholes an overpriced popcorn
yeah jack is looking for the phrase
factory farming sure factory farming you
know what the problem is and this won't
be a problem for very long but there
there's actually I think a difference in
making a movie for the theater-going
experience versus making a movie for the
home theater experience okay like when
when you make a movie for the theater
experience you are hoping for audience
reaction time right so I bet in the Edit
you are trying to tailor that so like oh
maybe we should have a beat here for
audience reaction like oh if there's a
laugh moment let's have you know beat
for the laughs but tailoring a movie for
the home viewing experience is a very
different process I can only imagine hmm
and so what you have here is all these
artists I don't I don't want I don't
want any stranger things spoilers going
on here in the chat all right but one of
these days we're gonna have ourselves a
big conversation about stranger things
season 2 episode 7 which is absolutely
fantastic
oh and one of these days soon I'm like I
said I'm four or five episodes in so
it's gonna happen the season is only
nine fucking episodes not not only a
good episode but some absolutely
necessary and great character
development for eleven we'll get there
rabbit hey come here
come here come here what
I killed a rabbit got a moon well shit
that's great sometimes you get moons in
this game for seemingly very odd things
got some bolts correct oh great I was
half paying attention backwards oh yeah
to do this are great great rich we're
doing great
we are Mario and Underpants we're doing
great
Oh oh shit that hurts us okay okay okay
okay that kind of kind of makes you miss
uh your jetpack I miss flood I miss
flood horribly you know flood was a
great mechanic
I agreed especially like the be like jet
pack or a half jet pack floating around
a device you loved flood loved him I
loved sprang in front of you and then
sliding for extra speed that felt
awesome
how do you like the game until now
hey I mean you can see how far I am into
it not very so you know here basically
here's the here's the big give is you
get to take over people's bodies which
is weird
Temari as a creeper
Oh gotta move you know it's it's a
platformer and it's a pretty during good
platformer as far as the like they try
to fit they try to like shove a bunch of
motion controls in that I don't
necessarily care about I don't so I
don't like that part of it oh there's a
lot of motion controls in this yeah it's
supposed to work a lot better if you
have if you have your joy comes operated
but I'd like like here like if you
stretch it they need to do that can you
add joy concise I'm assuming you can use
the classic controller oh I mean yeah I
use the regular controller but they say
it works better if you have the joy
Commons Nintendo we don't like your
motion control gimmick grandma like them
for five minutes when she thought she
was bowling no one else liked it thank
you rich it's true it's not the future
it's the past yeah so they're still
trying to shove that down our throats
and I don't like that but uh overall its
overall it's fine I'm not necessarily
blown away yet but I don't hate it I
mean how could you tomorrow it's fucking
it's a platformer shit it was barely the
past oh how old is the Wii over a decade
now right it's the Wii 2007 or 2006
motion controls are the past my friend
the past the
gotcha moon ya motion controls overpass
no one does that anymore no one want no
one wants it no one does it you know
what a Microsoft is officially giving up
rich the Kinect
oh because motion controls are ass but
that never took off and nobody ever
liked other than grandma five minutes
see ya
oh it's alright
yeah motion controls no one likes them
no one likes me I don't like him you
don't like him nobody likes him I'm with
you 100%
alright let's forget how to do things
does Maria have a breath meter now yeah
you know he says look I know this played
a mario game knows that Mario can hold
his breath indefinitely you know it's
his superpower he's always out of breath
meter no he hasn't
you never play one of the water levels
in the original 2d Mario game oh well
those water levels this totally count Oh
I mean he's had a breath meter before
those games come on this shit oh he's
had a breath meter he like he had a
breath meter in sunshine
but in sunshine coins usually it's coins
that give you your breath back which is
literally wrong about everything
I'd say rich is better taste than you do
boom motherfucker rich is a man of
wealth and tastes
I only say that because I've had that
song stuck in my head all day for no
particular reason you know that song
please meet you won't you guess my name
what does that wonder let me introduce
myself I'm a man of wealth and tastes
pleased to meet you I don't want you
guess my name oh you know that one
yeah I'm not typically good with music
but I do know what you're doing now oh
shit hey give me a mic give my hat back
dickhead
can you hit him
fucking flowers don't you just kick them
needs that's fun
fucking Piranha Plants will
that's okay what's over here who are you
all so anybody who wants to say that
this game is more important or more
thematic 'el than something like Super
Mario Brothers 3 i am legit curious
which has sold more copies there's those
those fucking Mario 2d Mario games back
in the day were ridiculously popular
there were fucking riots over Super
Mario Brothers 2 yeah but Christmas how
how many more people had consoles you
know probably more now they're not
wheeze because nobody goes you should
about this they gave a shit about that
then I give a shit about this as much I
do this looks fun I'm not saying this
shit a lot of people seem to give a shit
about this port I'm talking about people
pooh-poohing the old games you can't put
booty on someone in the chat someone is
some dickhead hey give me my hat back
thank you
someone in the chat some one of the
chats a dickhead that's what I have to
say someone in the chip is it no one is
doing that one person did a while back
there you go I was reading the chat damn
it and I saw it dammit I was reading the
chat dammit
dammit dammit I'm sucking that's okay
there's a way it goes which is extremely
grumpy dick not I think he's exactly as
grumpy as he always is unless I'm less
grumpy today
yeah yeah okay it's a decent world
series going on I enjoyed myself some
stranger things season 2 no honestly how
can anybody be sad when stranger things
season 2 is there going except for the
people who don't like an episode nope
you're saying I'm grumpy by the way I'm
the one who likes stranger things season
- who's the who's the fucking grumpy
asshole now oh it's you chat it happens
you this episode 7 of stranger things
season 2 is the best part about stranger
things season 2 almost
you found one episode bad that's why
you're grumpy and that's why you hate
everything yeah Chad why do you got a
death mullah why do you hate everything
death moment why do you hate everything
it's like like just take some time and
enjoy it you know why don't don't about
things you don't like
death mullet and only talk about things
you do like and if you do like him you
better like I'm so fucking much chap
episode 7 of stranger things season 2 in
my opinion was like more interesting
than the other episodes that came before
it
interesting this is yes this is still
this is still spoiler free am I saying I
like something more than other people
seem to have liked it is not a spoiler
I'm sorry I need a look at that but I
don't like things another man when I
like something Jack what the fuck is
going on but these paper can't win you
can't win ever
you can't win ever the what went up on
youtube today the playing of The Witcher
3 went up on youtube today
yeah and all the comments on my
playthrough of Witcher 3 are Jack don't
play the game if you don't like it Jack
stop playing the game if you don't like
it even though the whole point of me
playing that was to say yeah like well
we I brought that up though in the
stream that might be just referencing
that maybe I don't know I don't think
people pay attention I'm not willing to
give them any benefit of the doubt
I think they just started typing before
they actually watched anything I'm
really I am I'm legitimately shocked
people did not like stranger things
season 2 episode 7 I am I am
legitimately shocked that was one of the
high high high points of the season for
me for me I'm getting excited I'll be
able to watch it one of these days I'll
be able to watch it one of these days
I love this look at her walking around
those tall eggs the stream is freezing
it's probably going to crash eventually
crashing it can't be considered a real
prereq stream unless something breaks
but you know we're usually shit god what
are you people in the chat hate
everything I hate everything Jack Chad
just hates everything this grumps it's
like you know something rub you old men
sometimes can't you chat just enjoy
something
Oh like this is a this is a thing you
know this is about general collective
thumbs and not specifically mario
odyssey but a lot of times I'll just
find I'll just come across the moon and
it says hey you did it and I didn't know
that it was the thing I needed to do it
wasn't like I didn't know it was a
challenge and I'm not saying that's a
super bad thing it's just a weird like
oh I came across the moon I guess I was
just doing a normal thing and I came
across the moon that's not I'm not
saying it's necessarily a bad thing but
yeah you know I do I do like to know
what the objectives are of a given thing
who's your favorite stranger things
character uh 11 is is probably I guess
it's not quite television but 11 might
be the most interesting character on TV
at the moment there's some hoppers fine
Oh season 2 kind of ruins dusty which
one's Dustin the one with the teeth
issues though though he had some there
you know like it's tough because there
are some things that I want to talk
about right now and I know you've seen
it but but we'll get into spoiler
I enjoyed Dustin in season 1 Dustin was
always at every moment he was the
sensible one he knew what was going on
with his friends even when they didn't
she he had he had his head on the ground
sure and season 2 he's borderline comic
relief uh no not bored he is comic
relief which I'm fine with because I
think he's very funny he wasn't before
huh he wasn't really comic relief before
no he well I mean he was he was he was
comically the season I agree that he was
also sensible but yes he wasn't he was
comic relief I I'll tell you what and I
know what a lot of people didn't like
her but I fucking loved Winona Ryder in
season one yeah I loved her I thought
she played crazy mom
so what I'll say I'll say this about
Winona Ryder in season one yeah that is
my mother if my mother lost one of her
kids she is that that would have been my
mother had me or one of my siblings been
missing that is that is spot-on by the
way me too yeah me too a hundred percent
and like I know some people said that
she was like Oh too over-the-top or no
sins like you have never met that kind
of lady before yeah wenona writer played
her to the tee absolutely goddamn
perfect and so like I I was like but I'm
terrible with names I don't even
remember like mom
Joyce Joyce I fucking love Bob Sean
Astin Johnson tell oh yeah but watch for
yucca try not to spoil much unless I'm
just saying Sean Astin is in season two
his name is in the credits that's not a
big split guy he plays a character
called Bob he's a character called Bob
and he makes perfect sense fucking love
him he brings the goddamn smile to my
face every time steal his character no
no it just makes perfect sense
yes yes it does and it's great
as far as season two is concerned I'm
just trying to think whoa whoa Mario
slow down yeah it's it's a show full of
good characters but in like I guess
that's to me season one its strength was
the amount of characters I liked even
the even the dickhead teenagers had
their own thing they had their own
storyline everyone was doing their own
thing
steve is super likable no but even in
season one Steve like he he had his
notes and he had a little character it
wasn't the kirkegaard he was somewhat
redeemable but I still didn't like him
that much
oh sure season two makes me actually
legitimately like Steve okay yeah I
could be with it I'm here with you there
but there's there's so much to enjoy
those duffer brothers they know what's
up
I just know what's up yes this is no
spoiler we're talking we're talking the
other season one or we're talking about
the show in the most general vague way
possible we're not revealing any plot
points or any specifics like I like
so-and-so in season two is not a spoiler
no the chats bringing up Lando and
Dustin I guess that's their argument for
why he's comic relief yet at the same
time Dustin was 100% right with his
Lando comment he was saying that Hopper
was gonna pull a Lando Trey them which
he absolutely did in season one so once
again Dustin was the sensible one yeah
he talkin he's a he's a kid so he
referenced it as Lando yeah but he was
still 100% right but like and grounded
if anyone if anyone was the comic relief
in season one it was Dustin he's just a
kid though he was a funny kid but
compared to the others he was the
sensible one
no we need 11 because she has
superpowers he can't do this he was
always saying something that made
absolute sense can't he be both the
sense of the one and sure sure you can
but in season two he's just the comic
relief he's no longer the sensible one
so far I'll agree with you okay
obviously I've only seen I'm only on
Episode four maybe five I forget you
know what's weird is I've been spending
so much time watching Netflix shows that
are only a half an hour the majority of
my binge watching the past few months
has all been half-hour programs watch it
look quick one like watching an hour
program again blew my mind it was like
watching a movie oh my god this is so
long and so like to me it's like oh it's
only nine episodes but of course it's
nine hours in television it's fucking
great
all right so are we at her I suppose
we're moving on from stranger things
talk let's move on from strangers boiler
free stranger things dog haven't I know
I want to emphasize there's a couple
things I really want to talk about so I
maybe even Wednesday whatever you want I
don't care it'll do spoilery free throw
up a novel throw up an alert absolutely
yeah are these guys our reference to the
rabbits Nintendo is Nintendo essentially
trying to steal the rabbits
Nintendo has gone full rabbit we can do
rabbits no yeah they like the game with
the bunnies we're gonna do our own
bunnies and fuck will be solved this is
some fine cross-promotion here rich it's
probably just the happenstance move
faster camera Chad I said before maybe 3
was my favorite one your favorite
character you named a bunch of
characters you enjoyed and I think he
said 11 was your favorite if they're
talking about I someone's still like a
point-and-click if you're talking about
the Space Quest I mean three is my
favorite three is your favorite space
yeah okay
are they new in Odyssey who are the
rabbits
yeah these rabbits are new these were
okay so story wise I know that's what's
really important people for Mario games
story wise Bowser kidnapped the princess
and is going to try to marry her and the
rabbits are the evil wedding planners
this is true rich this is a true thing
all right and so they're they're the
evil wedding planners crane hen Christ's
sake
great hand Christ I read several
articles that said you couldn't do all
the moves without using the joy cons you
can those journalists are idiots this
game is perfect with the pro controller
it is there well there's a couple things
where it's it's harder and so like for
example you can when you throw your hat
you can do an automatic homing or this
forced motion shit in this game you
can't this here's the button you hit the
button and it makes sense well so it's
like you can there's something I'm
trying to think I think the this this
one that move you need to physically
spin Tendo so like I don't think so
crane hem Christ I'm gonna say you're
wrong because I don't think there is a
way to do that move where you spin it
around you where hold on let me try to
there this one I don't think there's way
you can spin it around you without
physically moving your control well no
they're saying you need the club the joy
cons can you do that with the classic
controller does that have motion yes but
you have to move it sure that's not what
they're saying what acronym they're
saying that they're saying review has
said that you don't get all of the moves
without the joy cons specifically reread
that our or link us to that article
because they might have just meant
motion controls bud yeah I cuz I use the
pro controller at home somebody saying
you can do it without motion control
I don't know I'm looking spin Mario then
press white okay oh shit you're right
hey yup nice I figured it would be
something like that like okay I'm trying
to think of okay hold on here maybe
here's one you can toss your hat up in
the air is there a way I can do that all
instead of moving a hog do like a food
tilt up
there's there's a way you can toss your
hat up into the air how do you do that
think about that it doesn't matter it
doesn't fucking matter I never tossed my
hat in the air anyway nothing matters
Oh what's this take picture of a hint
art I guess you can look at it any time
okay what am I supposed to learn from
that
I suppose you can't believe people
bitching about stranger things season 2
episode 7 I really I was legitimately
one of my high points of the season I I
want to be with you rich I do I do but I
can't Oh God
because I haven't seen it I you know my
taste pretty well and say if you say I
think you'll like it I've been wrong
before
okay there's probably something I'm
supposed to do with this thing
my guys gives me like rocket powers it's
pretty awesome
no way no no wonder if I can go up there
yes I can
oh there's gonna be a moon over here
every every world so you collect coins
and you can buy stuff with your coins
and every time you die you lose some
coins
well then every world has their own
world specific coins so there's stuff
that you can buy from the shops that are
that you can only spend world specific
coins on different outfits and stuff
hats different hats
you people who hate up a77 you're
probably the you're probably the same
jerks that that can't stand the the
preacher salvation storyline that's what
you people are damn woah rich one of the
best story lines they did but it was too
different and interesting
whoa rich now you've gone too far
the spoiler ground room rules are when
we decide we want to talk about it we'll
talk about it
yep we are we're being merciful tonight
a pleasure tack hasn't finished watching
the seasons well and it just came out
you know we're we're usually pretty
we're usually pretty cool about that it
just came out on Thursday you know Jay
disagrees oh I better change my opinion
then we always agree with a little Jay
says okay come on guys I mean first of
all come on Oh Jay disagrees never mind
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do pecha got
played I'm not gonna I'm not gonna read
that out loud not because what you said
was wrong because we're trying to avoid
spoilers I'm just gonna say considering
the kind of things that stranger thing
homage is it's entirely appropriate
entirely appropriate yeah I would agree
with rich I don't even know he's talking
about I know
yeah I got out of your dick shit come
here man I need I need you shit I lost
my dude I need my dude rich I lost him
gotta go up and get another dude there's
a dude he's a dude she's dude we're all
dudes this coaxial on Tom looks
incredible boring sometimes like I said
a lot of times I don't really get why
I'm doing the thing I'm supposed to be
doing or like I don't quite understand
why like I got a moon but yeah it's fine
okay
it's a tank
can I be a tank ha see but then you get
to be a tank so who cares about anything
I get to be a fucking tank
Sean says Sean you got me to rebuy
stardew for the switch yeah and ignore
the apples despite it feeling like I
sure to help them sim firming up sim
farming is so much more fun without
those stupid bundles deciding my every
decision nope
there you go fuck the apples you know I
you kind of hate to say it cuz you know
yeah that's like then that's like the
holistic choice but sometimes it's like
fuck nature people first you know I
don't know like what you get special if
you do an all Apple run you get a soda
machine
oh you get a soda machine if you do the
Joe Joe Joe runs so what do you get if
you do it a seed running chat - do you
know can one of y'all look it up for me
is our do Wikia oh well you're playing
around with a seat here I think you're
talking about this what's Hebron uh
apple run in in star do look at when you
eat an apple run like only so apples I
know I mean I mean if you appease the
Apple spirits and star do Oh what do you
get what do you get if you get if you
appease all the apples peers you fix the
community center uh people hang out
there occasionally and it looks nice you
don't get anything you get the community
center yeah I don't I don't know that
you get anything that but I can remember
specific I don't know that you get
anything that you can't get through the
Joe Joe mark just paid pay for this
event right quest you get all the other
upgrades you do it for the community you
also get a statue that gives you gold
now you're talking I don't remember I
don't remember getting that statue and
you got although I know if you do the
grandpa quest you get a statute that
gives you a Rhydian woo which is worth
far more than gold fuck yeah radium is
worth that
correction gives iridium that's not the
community center that's the grandpa
quest
what's the grandpa quest grandpa shows
up at the end of your tunic and if you
the X number of this this or that you
you get the Statue of happiness that
gives you everything gives you iridium
that'd be nice like this is not one
specific thing you got to do for the
grandpa quest I think it's like that's
just like a score and there's n
different things oh sure how many how
happy are your pets how many people in
the town like you how many crops if you
sold what variety of crowded adds up to
some kind of score and if you're over
that score you get the statue
interesting the community center counts
towards grandpa's quest but not if you
do the Jojo warehouse yes but I don't
think you need the community center to
fill grandpa's quest I'm pretty sure you
could do it without huh oh oh I get I've
never had a fine groom bow before
apparently we're dropping a ton of
friends yay yeah we are dropping a ton
of friends why are we dropping a ton of
frames that's weird
why is mario running around his undies
because i bought his on the upgrade and
i think it's funny what do you what do
you get with the different outfits
nothing you get different outfits so
they're just cosmetic well uh and i said
you know i say that haphazardly okay
because in desert world there is one
moon that you need in order to get into
the area you need to be wearing the
sombrero and punch be culturally
insensitive outfit you cut yes you need
to be culturally insensitive an aim of
them is the mario slightly racist moon
so so that you know I got a moon because
of that button okay yeah saved me $400
they could have charged micropayments
for it oh god right they sure could have
if they wanted to and then one charging
station was working that's got to be a
clue atomic mousetraps US atomic both
trek I was going to chide you for not
playing a scary game for Halloween yep
but then I some Mario on his underwear
yeah yeah look at him his undies
it's funny I could change it back to his
regular Mario outfit if I really wanted
to but you know he's in his undies I do
like up off the top of my head like I do
feel like the levels are a little loose
if that's an appropriate word no no it's
not uh unfocused s-- the levels yeah
where it is more of a a collectathon
than a than just a an action platformer
and then all the 3d warriors you know I
feel like via maybe slightly less so
galaxies but I even feel like 64 in
sunshine every level had a specific
purpose you were still collecting stuff
but but they all had a specific purpose
and here I don't think what do you mean
by a specific purpose well if you do
like in this level you have to exactly
do this thing and that's what gets you
the surprise that's kind of sunshine and
galaxies that's not new that's not new
well no that's what I'm saying is in
here this is no fun and here this is
what in
it's just kind of like a what run around
and do some shit and eventually you'll
find some stuff oh well that sounds good
that sounds like it's more open-ended
yeah I'm not saying it as a negative I'm
saying I guess I am kind of saying it as
a negative I feel like it's a negative
here I liked the focus okay I like the
focus like oh I'll just go to this level
and I know what to do is low I mean
they're both fine approaches I don't I'm
not trying to hate on galaxy or sunshine
I like both of those games
first now this is a little bit more
open-ended and explore II that's it's
okay yeah it is okay it's just not
something I was really really one
more so for areas like this where it's
like oh I I I found a little I found a
little section where you know I'm sure
there's a treat up there because these
yeah climbing things and I fell down and
I got to walk my ass all the way around
to get back up here don't fall down well
right right fuck oh you fucked up that
but - the butt jump go all the way
fucking back around again I don't you
know I know I fucked it up but it didn't
feel like I've fucked it up dang it I'm
gonna I'm gonna move on to the next the
next day hey could you move on but
before that before that I just want to
close out by saying episode 7 of
stranger things season 2 it's fucking
amazing
you're mad man rich hello kaneto says
should I get Batman returned to Arkham
I'm a little turned off by how simple
the combat looks it remasters to Batman
games that I've never played and it's
only about 20 totally worth it unless
you have a a gaming PC at which point
you don't need any kind of remastered
editions the the PC versions of those
games are already the remastered
editions what is Batman return
everything I'm assuming it's a
re-release of the first two Batman
Arkham games for modern consoles which
like if you have a PC and the original
games it's a moot point did you just
turn the resolution off sure to what
your PC can handle and that's the
remastered edition ok but if if so if
they don't you are you think it's worth
it if you don't yeah it's worth it
oh god here we go again what you don't
like me saying true things about having
a PC fuck off I also fuck up like that
what rich was like what if this person
had a PC and didn't know that like and
thought that the remastered edition was
the only way that you could play them
riches which is giving out helpful hints
here oh great that
thank you
I kind of love being a tank alright um -
she says thanks so much guys for all the
good work and the fun I had watching
Earlham content thank you does she
yeah thank you did everyone enjoy our
spooky Halloween spectacular does
everyone understand why I was like hung
over three days after now did how do you
feel about yourself in that episode I I
I'm really really glad Jay was able to
cobble anything together
out of my my awful performance oh I I
think he made you look worse well I was
there and I'm pretty sure he made you
look worse than anything than you were a
pro you know what and and by the way I'm
okay with that because I know like
that's comedy that's what comes from I
know you said I wasn't that bad bad I
was there I was there I know I know but
holy moly
holy moly uh I I mean I had I had a lot
to drink
I had a lot to drink that day and who
like I said we got a fun episode out of
it that's all that really matters
but butthole golly Molly what was what
was love at my best and worst would have
been what we might pick some minute cuz
I've you know I wasn't in the discussion
it's true yeah
jack-o'-lantern would have been my my
winner yeah I I have I would not want to
destroy any of them though I did I did
not have a pick for Destruction my vote
would have been sparrow oh really yeah
interesting we got some entertainment of
vampire assassin we get Siri we but just
because we got entertainment doesn't
mean it's that's the point of the show
at the show wasn't entertaining
the ones I want to destroy are the ones
that were dull slugs sure and I can't
say that about vampire hunter I don't
know I think I think enough of vampire
Sasson was sloggy and enough of it
enough of it wasn't good enough well
yeah we got there was a lot to make fun
of which of course is nice but it was
bad enough for me where I was
comfortable destroying it hack O'Lantern
what that was just fun that was just a
fun movie oh hey what am I think going
III was so amused when we actually did
the text-to-speech and it had more
emotion than the actual actress right
wasn't that amazing oh my god that was
Hawaii you guys you guys you got I mean
you heard Jay did the the comparison the
hurt either comparison it was this that
that overdub of that poor actress was
god-awful
watching the episode it looked like Mike
looked off screen too rich before
choosing vampire assassins so I blame
rich they go now you know how it works
now you're on the money yeah my probably
just knew that rich would enjoy mic
picking vampire assassin I'm have we
seen thor ragnarok I don't believe it's
out here until Thursday night yeah yeah
even then I I don't know when it comes
out here soon soon soon but yeah it's
not out yet here in the states or in
Wisconsin and we don't get free
screenings or anything like that I'm
sure there's some way we we could find
out they used to do like critic
screenings at uw-milwaukee but you
needed like official credit just showing
it into them hey there's a way we can
know I mean there's not there's a mic
Meghan J do not get free screenings no
no we don't get anything before it came
out yep
valiums
sulfate says hi rich hijack valium
sulfate renamed valiums sulfate did
either of you notice and stranger things
season 2 episode for about 24 minutes in
someone accidentally walks in the frame
from the right side of the screen this
is this is nothing I noticed I'm sorry
yeah sorry dude I've seen it I've seen
episode before but I know not what you
speak I know not what you speak of
Boyd beats assange I thought this game
was supposed to be on that GT a new dog
city shit this just looks like another
Mario game it's it's Mario
it's another Mario game it's called
Super Mario people really lost their
shit about that new dog city stuff in
there I mean I think it's weird when
Mario is next to a person I weird an
interesting in my opinion and it
obviously did not look like it was going
to be the whole game right out of it is
this mario stuff in the mario game right
but it smarter but real person so
obviously this was going to be just like
sonic 2007 patterns because of you know
that one's superficial similarity
patterns mario confirmed for weird
little deformed goblin and that's the
thing is i just assumed that mario was
how people looked in Mario's universe
that he was a people big fucking deal
and he's not a people he's and he's not
like and so he's not where is he from
is there a hub world in this no there's
not a hub world in this there you're you
could you have a magic flying ship and
it takes you to different worlds
taking all the flowers okay
yeah this is all supposed to be doing
it's like it's like complaining that
Goofy's a person and Pluto's a dog
that's it that's a valid complaint that
is an absolute valid complaint you have
to dog things one gets rights and one
does not
maybe maybe okay ma'am how about this
maybe Pluto is like a person but he's
just into some like weird fetish thing
he's actually Mickey's lover how can i
centered this that that just speaks to
our point I think about like how it's
weird
Oh like what he does talk Mickey just
yells at him Oh Papa to slaves
that's gonna it's gonna be a hot one
today
when's our stream being shut down these
need to be here any moment not our
number one what would Pluto safeword be
even have a safe word he likes it rough
oh my god yes you horrible person that's
that's the greatest joke ever you did it
you won you won all the jokes rich
then I talked about how awesome stranger
things season I've heard you know what
I've heard really good things about
episode 7 like the rest of the season is
kind of mad but I've heard like episode
7 is where it's at that's what I've
heard
cannot confirm
laughing
valiant bloodshot says valiant bloodshot
our favorite cosplayer any interest in
Justice League at this point no since
the test screenings have gone well or do
you think that's all lies in bullshit
also have you played Alan Wake that's
like a Twin Peaks game I have not no he
I am I'm I wouldn't say I'm interested
I'm curious at what kind of Frankenstein
monster is gonna be that's having
started off as a Zacks probably of 100%
Zack Snyder blue-tinted fucking slog of
awfulness and then would joss whedon
grafted on after the fact
what was he able to like I'm I'm
interested in in pure academic standards
like I want to figure out what's Joss
what's Zack what how did they like I
can't wait to see the monster I'd be
rich that's it's because it's going to
be interesting no matter what and what
is it it's a hundred and what they just
announced like it's like a hundred and
fifty minutes okay and it and it has a
lot of work to do and who knows if
they're gonna get it all done yeah
there's an Alan Wake a fucking cinematic
game that doesn't have an actual
gameplay cuz it can go fuck itself it
might be
you know or it might be it can crawl
them to the grave that Naughty Dog is
digging for gameplay
Alan Wake has good combat in shit it's a
good game I don't know I don't know that
I trust you on this chap linking
indeed devs have hurt gameplay far more
the only thing keeping videogames alive
for me right now
Jesus Christ
triple-a shit but every now and then you
can count on a fucking dead cells or a
heat signature or something to come
along and actually have a unique game
idea that's not a some regurgitating
shit from fucking ten years ago with a
with a cinematic gaming slapped on top
of it but rich it's a third-person sure
it's a third-person shooter and the
textures are amazing you get 30 frames a
second at 720p it's amazing who gives a
fuck about about heat signature doing
something new and interesting or fucking
dusk errs thinking of a whole new way to
interact with the world around fuck all
that or shuffle night bringing retro
gaming to its knees or the fucking
people who have given us procedural
generation as a new and interesting way
to play games over and over and over
again fuck all that the mario this is
the part of the game where you walk into
the kitchen you look in the drawer and
then an X button comes up and then you
pick up the piece of paper that's in the
drawer and then the character picks it
up and turns it around or maybe you can
hit the stick to make a turn like
sideways just like this and then I'll
put it back in and then the next what
happens where you have to walk into the
living room and then you want you walk
you have to walk up to the TV because
it's really the only other thing you
could do in the room then you go up to
the TV and then the thing comes out fuck
cinematic gaming but rich during all
that you also get a cutscene it's about
characters it's about it's about it's
about the story
the brutal x' they're here okay great
blinking which is too cranky tonight
I've been proclaiming my love for shit
all mine this is the same shit rich
always makes fun of ooh aren't you a
weird-looking thing yeah why am I
talking about those things because
people ask me about this shit because
people ask us about this shit and then
they complain when we talked about it
and if we don't talk about it people
complain that we don't read the chat and
talk about things in chat so what do you
want for what do you want from us they
want us to agree with them actually feel
yes that's exactly what they want and
you know it's just not gonna happen
get it together people what what
I found a zipper that was weird that
wall had a zipper on it we know wasn't
the stranger things to finale cradle
almost spoiler free stream let me talk
in depth about the finale a stranger
thinks he's not ended and it ended great
I mean the last four episodes are
fantastic it's a bit slow and getting
there but I said similar things about
season 1 I'm looking forward to it you
know I'm like I said I'm four maybe five
episodes and maybe I forget yeah
sometimes that's the problem with the
binge is you're not sure exactly where
you are in relation to everyone else but
you know so far I'm digging it these
things these things are everywhere
that's gonna be a thing later
it's weird that this level has zippers
to me
slow says the guy who likes Star Trek 1
do you do know that slow and boring are
not synonyms preach it preach it rich
slow can often be good boring is a whole
different thing but yeah if something is
slow and deliberate the vova CH to speak
are horror fans during our spooky month
of October the Vova CH is a very slow
and deliberate movie boring by no means
rich you're saying the first four
episodes are boring more or less I was
not into the early part of season 2 I'll
tell you this right around season like
Episode three or four I'm like oh now
they lost it oh you really that's what I
was thinking
interesting and and I will do theirs oh
there's a focus it was all over the
place
I like what I will somewhat agree with
is at very least you know what I can
speak to is the first couple of episodes
where it did it felt more like what
should have been the five-minute
10-minute prologue mm-hmm like hey
here's where the characters are doing
here's what's happening right now like
that was stretched out over two episodes
but you know I still enjoyed it just
because I mean just because really
season 1 left such a good taste in my
mouth that I was like I'm ready I'm
ready for more of anything what do you
get to prefer you guys real none blade
went off being too slow and thus boring
us guys did yeah I know I know we're a
hive mind you can you can mean different
things when you say slow alright you can
you can you can and us guys didn't say
that rich doesn't like Blade Runner I
think
it's great right right and yeah I yeah I
get it
we sit next to each other so we
obviously agree a lot it's not boring
because it's slow it's boring because
it's boring and I think I just described
it that way by saying it's slow right
Blade Runner is just boring well and
something can be slow and boring you
know y'all look ya'll a crazy town or
ma'am where are you at rich
manases what's the over/under you guys
heaven than making a mon mothma
/ Admiral Ackbar standalone film and
we'll see see how desperate they get
right we'll see how well han solo solo
does I haven't really thought about it
because I could be honest with you I
don't really give a shit what they do
with Star Wars
I just don't they'll do what they want
to do and if that's what they want to do
they'll do it the the question is do
will do they think it will make them
money and really if they're getting to
that territory I don't know bill the
heck out I am NOT going to read that
because that comes way too close to
being a spoiler but it's in regards to
your tip here I agree I agree 100% yes
and I'm sure it's even a done
deliberately that's I'm sure that was on
their head in their head when they wrote
that I'm a Mario fish like Blade Runner
Blade Runner slow the problem is I don't
get anything out of it okay
if it were slow and I were into it that
would be fine yeah there's no I I'm not
getting anything out of it all right
yeah I feel I get you I get you there
obviously I do but yeah
see like like right there here here's
here's an issue I have with the Mario
like I just collected two moons and they
were just sitting out in the wide open
mm-hmm
they were just literate like one was
riding on this big fish's back just
sitting there there wasn't necessarily a
challenge to it what what did I get out
of Star Trek the motion picture I was
legitimately interested in the mystery
of Vedra I was in Blade Runner I am NOT
into Harrison Ford going enhance enhance
enhance wait slight left hand slide left
like enhance enhance
oh there's work hard enhance enhance
enhance enhance huh oh it's a cool oh
look at this outfit oh there's our
enhance yeah you get a little Mario
baseball cap like this happened let's
see what this one looks like at the end
of the day I have been able to watch
Star Trek the motion picture and it kept
my attention
despite being slower pace the whole way
through the movie sure I have never gone
I'm gonna say this again
I have never like I've met one single
time in my life after like four attempts
been able to make it through the
entirety of Blade Runner without either
falling asleep or giving up and to be
fair I you know obviously I'm a fan of
Blade Runner but to be fair you also
were a fan of Star Trek before Star Trek
the motion picture right so like it's
not jut like it's not a standalone movie
you have this whole best show log the
probably helps absolutely
that's pretty cool outfit
there's my fashionable outfit hipster
Mario because Harrison Ford loves
computers more than people what I've
been trying to explain away the hands
and hands for seen I see the human being
who learns to be more human or is he
really the robot or what like what
thematically what are they even for just
throwing a bunch of shit in a blender
you get your own meaning I guess
you bring your own meaning to it
absolutely that's how it works
come here fish come here I don't want to
die come here fish look if I if I want
science fiction tomorrow I am going to
watch Dark City sure Dark City is
fucking amazing you know what that's
fine we can agree on that that's just
one scene in the movie that one Hance
yeah but it sums up the movie for me you
guys like it's it's okay just to
disagree with rich like you know well no
and apparently it's not keep asking me
if we keep bringing a Blade Runner
expecting my opinion to have magically
changed right like it's okay just to be
like oh well I like Blade Runner and you
know rich doesn't put that rock
Dark City directed by the man who did
gods of Egypt oh yeah oh how funny
I'm terrible at remembering directors
names but rich he directed a bad movie
for rich but rich but a Blade Runner
brought to you by the man who directed
prometheus Oh
snail sniz II I can't get it there
fuck it fuck it
fish I'm stealing your soul so I don't
die
Jenny wouldn't argue with you about this
if you didn't keep bringing it up
I didn't bring a blade runner'
you did Chet I'm perfectly happy to not
talk about that movie ever again
rich and Jack do you think this game is
worth they switched purchase this game
alone I haven't played this yet I have
not been able to this game alone I would
say no but the library available on the
switch how many single games are worth
like $300 this is right that that's what
led to my this is Zelda you got an
argument this this and Zelda and the
slew of other Nintendo centric games and
the slew of other games that you can
play Moberly that you could before us
and I started at the sturdy Valley
mobile starter valley was fucking made
for a mobile device as far as exclusives
yeah yeah look at you look at Zelda
I think there's there's enough now where
it's worth it the switch in general you
know why do this insult I have
ridiculous blue bloom yeah it's kind of
like a blurring kind of effect I'm
probably because it's a less powerful
system and they think bloom is a cheap
and easy way to hide any kind of
graphical shortcomings once compared to
a xbox one or PlayStation 4 game sure
would be my guess yeah that's I I'll be
honest I don't quite understand bloom
bud sure I don't super get it what is
meant by that
find it moons hey where you going mooned
dick dick dick ass moon for some reason
I'm kind of weirded out by the unzipping
of the background can't fully explain it
but I think it's creepy I mean just
unzipping things in general and button
this confused
I wonder if Jack is getting this
confused with Zelda breath of the wild
at all I don't get what that supposed to
mean we oh you know it's it's i i i i i
like it i I just don't I'm not in love
with it so far obviously I'm very early
on you seemed like you know right you
know a lot of a lot of talk coming into
this game was you know it was 10 out of
10
lieutenant it's you know it's 10 out of
10 for it buddy can I know I can't stop
and I'm not saying it's not ten out of
ten
everybody has their own opinions I'm
just not I'm not super in love with it
it's alright but you know kind of like
what which was saying earlier like we
got a lot of indie games that do a lot
of shit now do we you know the blue
prism says my almost 60 year old father
had a midlife crisis yesterday and
bought a Nintendo switch just for
himself with Mario Odyssey and won't let
me play it that's fine because I still
have blood-borne though I'm sorry for
your troubles I mean to be fair if he
bought it he gets to choose who plays it
you know my dad's my dad's getting set
to turn 70 uh-huh he a couple weeks ago
he almost bike 15 miles is he a boy it
was more than 50 miles
I loves biking oh okay well yeah that's
great look genetically I got I got some
good material to work with okay my
grandmother on my dad's side made it
into her in the late 90s that's great
yeah yeah my dad's getting ready getting
set to turn 70 he he doesn't look at
that's awesome
so that's great it is not looking at all
that's great but but you're not calling
that a midlife crisis on his part no
just what he does he injured himself so
bad he needed stitches on that bike
Trevor yes he was going too fast with a
smokey sometimes I was on high school
friend they were biking together and he
was like following them too close and
there was an accident he skidded on the
ground hurt his knee so bad he had to
get stitches he because they're out in
the middle of nowhere I guess still have
to take his bike 17 miles while bleeding
all over the place to get to the car
yeah about that and that happens
absolutely
rich Evans proof genetics don't mean
shit that's a that's a horribly mean
comment horribly mean coming you should
be ashamed man what's up with that
well what was my first introduction to
Star Trek
I honestly don't remember I I would
watch reruns of the original series on
TV when I was young mm-hmm so there's no
one specific this is the moment I
discovered it just kind of always been
there I was I was waiting at a store and
and the wind a strong wind blew by turn
to the TV nothing like that come on man
you know these people you got to make
something up rich you've made some mean
comments in your day never unprovoked
seldom seldom unprovoked you know that's
not that's like we're not dropping
frames the switch is dropping or you
know I was just doing a little test you
know waving my head there and if you saw
because I saw the the feed the elgato is
dropping frames but but I wasn't
like seeing like my hand is fine right
hmm yes it's never the stream itself is
it so is it it's just the Elgato
just the switch I probably should have
done like a computer restart the
computer was sleeping when I set things
up but you know it's usually it's good
to shut it down
Chad I will bet you every time I've been
mean to somebody they were being kind of
a jerk first that's possible jack wave
to me hello oh yeah yeah chats just
feeling uh they're feeling a little a
little rowdy tonight all right no oh
here it is Jack I like the wrong episode
of stranger things season two so that
means I hate everything wait is there a
right episode to like apparently there
is you know that show that everybody
likes there's one episode of that show
that everybody likes that you have to
like more than the other episodes of
that jerem lights is that what people
are saying like they're agreeing that
the whole show is good but the with that
one episode you like oh no I'm gonna
wave again cuz I see it chugging
okay here it is rich I think this is new
dog city Oh Oh or maybe a little boss
fight
Comiskey and someone mentioned that a
few few streams ago the I hate
everything YouTube channel I haven't
checked it out just because I worry I
worry it's gonna be another one of those
everything wrong with and I am and I'm
really happy that everybody hates them
now because I've always hated that
channel the everything that's wrong with
this movie yeah channel I think it's the
dumbest thing in the world this
innocence that might be a cinemasins I
forget it but like they specifically
have a show called liking everything
that's wrong with yeah Blade Runner
everything that's wrong with Finding
Nemo and they they just point out to you
know meaningless bullshit nitpicky stuff
that's been how serious their being I've
always hated it even if they're not
being serious it's it's it's just dumb
it's just pointless so if the I hate
everything channel is similar to that I
probably would not like it
did you know he beats no he's actually
next on the list okay I could I consider
I mean there's gonna be pauses and we're
gonna fall behind on tips is otherwise
I'm literally just reading tip after tip
right yeah we gotta let some
conversation yeah yeah I gotta let God
make some nice stuff happen naturally
I'm sorry I do I intend to get to all of
the tips I do but light beats she was
next
yeah says yep Jack boy bees have you
ever watched the show Steven universe
yes adorable little 10-minute Cartoon
Network show but from about 25 EPS in it
actually gets amazingly good highly
recommended yeah you know I've seen most
I've seen all of season one definitely
and I think most season to her you still
watch with my kids a lot and yeah I
thought it was adorable just adorable
I'm wearing browsers giant hat and I
have to then I have to go up and punch
him what does Bowser size always seems
to be whatever Nintendo feels like this
time because that's okay because that's
an okay thing for Nintendo to do
Nintendo says you know we want Bowser to
be a little shit shit move my remove
because it's whatever's most fun rich
sure sure
it's not a serious complaint it's just
uh I don't know I don't know how big
Bowser is jack but I guess we have a
universe with the size changing
mushrooms eggs oh sure maybe Bowser's
just on the shrooms right now nice oh
shit he fought back this time like
doesn't hurt of no you the end of
sunshine when when Bowser's as big as
Godzilla in that hot tub then the dragon
nuts just me just you he's way too big
at the end of that game and he doesn't
need to be that's just you
some nice white rabbit references in the
chap one pill makes you smaller
yeah whatever makes you smile makes you
smaller ah I like that song and I'm
fucking the balloon and Alice is ten
feet yeah
one pill makes you imagine small but the
ones that mother gives you don't do
anything at all
I sorry I just think it's adorable that
Bowser's in a tuxedo and I'm just having
fun oh I didn't get to new dog city that
was the whole point of this to get some
new dog
city I'm sorry jack I'm sorry
what made you think you were almost
there because I chose it and it was next
okay then in the in the middle flying a
new dog see they got the mid Boston
right right and I got to fix my ship
damn it
go on I do feel a little oh look at this
by the way I'm dirty now cuz I got out
on the second look I can't even change
my outfit cuz my ships all broken huh
it's nothing that's not my problem chef
Alana I wanted to that's your that's
your problem that is my problem
I wanted to change back into classic
Mario well the end is fine it's
everything's gonna be fine yes fine I
find some moons we need all the moons
rich great scantron the immortal it says
dear Jack and Russia yes
how much satanic power was required to
destroy that copy of vampire assassin
and in doing so are you now forever
marked by the devil
it's okay you can tell us we're all hip
and cool lol well you know we're not
marked by the devil but we are on his
mailing list in league
we're merely in league right it's not
like it's not like a we we we owe the
devil anything but we just said hey
devil you know is it all right if we do
this and that was like hey man I'm
trying a new thing if you're interested
just talking you know he's asked it he
asked us for our email addresses and we
signed up and you know he's unlike other
businesses I get very few emails which I
like because you know it's just about
important stuff
our relationship with the devil is yeah
we're cool yeah cool like we probably
couldn't ask him for a favor but I would
feel comfortable doing so you know uh
Chad the drunkenness was 100% legit Oh
God
and embarrassingly so Jack was super
worried about it I I was legitimately
worried about it as as I've stated a
couple times already I don't fully
recollect the Cathy's cursed
conversation and Josh drove me home so
which you know is the smart thing to do
when you've been drinking that much hey
bird give him a fucking hat back dick
Chad any atheist who might make like
satanic references like like a Marilyn
Manson inside a thing sure they're there
they're only doing that because they're
fucking with people who do believe but
that's that's not like a belief in Satan
it's just it's just fucking with people
it's uh it's it's what some people would
call fun because it doesn't mean
anything to them to say I sell my soul
haha it's gobbledygook they're having a
little fun with the normies and I've
never done that I'm just I'm just saying
yes that is the entire Church of Satan
there basically an atheist group yeah
they fight against the they fight to
maintain the separation of church and
state by Leeds well the if the
Christians get to do this what are they
feel about how do you feel about the
Satanic monument on the Capitol right
right they point out the you would have
every every much of a right to do that
mm-hmm so yeah there are they are
atheist even though they're the Satanic
temple or whatever that specific group
calls themself I think that mr. henick
temple the ones with the Beelzebub
statue they wanted to put on government
grounds sure right next to the Ten
Commandment Monument mm-hmm it's it's
beautiful they wanted to release satanic
coloring book to schools because it was
a Christian coloring book then I passed
out yeah yeah
so they made a satanic coloring book for
children why wouldn't you and basically
they're just trying to maintain the
separation of church and state and I
actually support them wholeheartedly
yeah with you
hold on for a moment
I'm holding hold on hold on
before before I came here we were over
at a friend's house playing some board
games and we played the most delightful
board game which and it's called
underlings of underwing which is a very
hard name to remember underlings of
underwing okay and it's a board game
about color theory under the guise of
raising dragons and so it's it's this
game where you play dragon Wranglers and
you have to put little colored gems on
dragon aid dragon eggs and try to hatch
dragons and whatnot yeah it's wonderful
underlings of underwing okay it was a
nice easy game to play simple rule set a
lot of cool little colorful baubles wait
Jack I'm reading the chat did you know
that Western civilization was based upon
Christianity you know you know the
Romans might disagree with that Thomas
Jefferson might disagree thing well
that's the mess America specifically
yeah he's talking about all of Western
sigh oh yeah I think there's a few
people I think I would disagree with
that but the Ten Commandments yeah which
actually is
Hammurabi's line I think they came first
but the Ten Commandments Jack sure sure
rich
I invented the idea of law centuries
after Hammurabi did it I think it was
Hammurabi someone I don't know how
things work you know you know me with
remembering people's what names like
talking about talking about the states
specifically though if you wanna say you
know based on Christianity yeah it was
it was based on people who fled here
after the whole you know war going on
between Catholics and Protestants forced
them to leave and they realized the
value of keeping religion completely
separate from the government which is
why they ripped that shit with a
constitution in the first place I get it
now
uh you know there's that whole there's
that whole spiel about how Thomas
Jefferson wrote his own Bible taking out
all of the mysticism because he liked a
lot of the moral teachings but didn't
believe in any of the superstitious
stuff founding father and all this is
what if this is what we're getting into
tonight which is fine um I'm getting set
to pull right out of this just you know
I know how to wall jump already get out
of here get out of town i Baines this
double zero says first tip in a while
alone bash my question mark block I get
it I get it
that's if you're forced to practice
religion to be killed which religion
would you choose Flying Spaghetti
Monster nonsense of bankses hey folks
I've I always happy to catch a life
stream with you since you've been
talking about Netflix originals yeah
have any other recommendations big mouth
was pretty damn funny I think thanks
I've heard good things about big money
wasn't the UM
wasn't the the dick drawing ones I have
a ton so American vandal yeah which is
kind of a take a comedic take on the
true crime documentary if you really
liked making a murderer watch American
vandal which is very similar to making a
murderer only it's about a high schooler
who gets accused of drawing dicks on
teachers cars fucking fantastic
Bojack horseman I've only seen a couple
episodes I have this my that's my
recommendation Oh Jack horseman is great
master of none V Aziz Ansari show two
seasons really down-to-earth dry comedy
very like character driven recommend
that a lot
unbreakable kimmy schmitt unbreakable
kimmy schmitt
gorgeous comedy love starring Paul rust
and Gillian Jacobs if you are into kind
of a darker romantic comedy it'sit's
about people who have addictions not
just drug and alcohol addictions but
also relationship addictions kind of
finding each other and maybe loving each
other and maybe not really good stuff
love daredevil oh we're forgetting about
all the Marvel stuff did Jessica Jones
motherfucker Jessica Jones I'm not as
into it but Karen really likes this
series of unfortunate events oh yeah
with Neil Patrick Harris which I thought
was odd casting but really works black
mirror recently became a Netflix
original but of course it was on BBC
firsts us I know it is a Netflix
original now uh what there's so many
there's just so fucking many Netflix
originals yes Punisher is coming I
understand this is not here yet I know
many people I I didn't get into it but
many people enjoy orange is the new
black I didn't really I got it's so much
stuff no dance so much stuff and you
know they they they know it's the what
they have to do of course of course they
don't they don't want to be the middle
man anymore
the futures believe for streaming no
it's done sure I'll tell you why it's
blue ok wisely tell me why it's bleak
everybody's gonna have their own oh yeah
CBS all access
you know Disney's gonna want their own
as they got all their Marvel movies all
their Disney movies all there's gonna be
Disney know of it this he's already
announced they're on the Paramount so
everyone there's gonna be like 15
different online streaming services that
are all gonna have their own exclusive
content and it's gonna be a nightmare
and expensive if you want to see
everything that comes out I think it's
gonna be further from the consumers
point of view from your wallets point of
view the futures bleak cuz there's gonna
be dozens of these fucking services I'm
gonna get to that in a second I saw in
the chat TM GB fan or
TM VG fan said they didn't like Jessica
Jones I thought I was too boring they
only got three episodes in get hold out
a couple more episodes once purple man
starts showing up and doing his thing
the whole the whole season is fucking
brilliant
secondly I think you are correct that
there's going to be too many streaming
streaming services there gonna be a
crash cuz they're not gonna all be able
to support themselves well see and I I
think that's where I disagree with your
thesis statement which we're going to
get a ton of shit no matter which one
you go to yeah you don't need to go
through them all that's like saying
that's like saying right now if video
games are terrible because there's just
so many video games it's a golden age of
entertainment and we're gonna get that
with all these streaming services and
the ones that don't work will die out
and get gobbled up by the better ones
Netflix is raising prices again and have
committed to something like eight
billion in new original IP for the
upcoming years it's going to be great I
say CBS all access has at least a
million subs that's not going to last
that's not going to last yeah
and it's hard to speak because I haven't
I don't have CBS all access and I
haven't seen Star Trek discovery yet
right but I mean you know by Yamuna it's
just one of those things didn't head
flicks just acquire some comic book
companies really interesting I didn't
hear about that but I know I do know
Disney is starting their own streaming
service and so the cosy experience
Netflix has had with yeah the Marvel
movies is gone goodbye say goodbye to
the Marvel shows say good aunt what not
to say the shows but all the movies they
they had a bunch of like that you know
they have Milano right now on Netflix
all that's going yeah all the Marvel
movies all the Disney movies any of the
Star Wars movies boom going over to
Disney service yeah I think Netflix
knows the only way they're gonna stay
alive is if they have their own content
that is must-haves of course they need
stranger things yes
not only that they need their own
original movies then and and they're
really doing that of course you're doing
it and more importantly and this is a
thing that I think people don't give
Netflix enough credit for which is they
are letting the creators do whatever the
hell they want they are finding and
cultivating new and interesting talent
the duffer brothers right the guys who
created stranger things what did they do
before that what I didn't remember
I know I was sucking no I think it was
like next to nothing and they did
nothing they did fucking nothing I'm
assuming that Disney would be able to do
future seasons of like Daredevil and
Jessica Jones on their own service
theatre or or how does it work how does
it how does the rights with that work as
far as that specific version of
Daredevil and Jessica Jones
an iron fist I mean does Netflix own a
piece of that probably mad probably not
no no they're just they're just housing
it like presumably went whatever deal is
up could could Disney just take those
old episodes of daredevil and put them
on their own service or does Netflix
actually own those episodes Lucy that's
a good question yeah that's a good
question and then of course you know in
order to maintain a nice working
relationship with Disney and Netflix I
was like okay we'll sell you a fur our
first couple of seasons you know I don't
know if they would do that fun these are
all good questions rich
these are all fine fine questions you
can I take a hold of you
digital xanax I'm glad you are enjoying
T&G; based on our recommendation that
Disney could just buy out Netflix maybe
I kind of thought that what would happen
at some point
I don't think Netflix would sell to them
that's what Netflix makes a lot of money
that's fine but that that necessarily
won't last forever
and at some point Netflix is gonna have
a hard battle in front of them young
yeah you know their king right now I
think they're taking it they're taking
their kingdom Netflix is still far from
profitable how about that could be and
it could not be no right like there's
you know obviously I'm not I'm I ain't
no business master but thinking about
how many people are Netflix subscribers
I I I'm skeptical of the claim that
Netflix isn't profitable maybe they're
not very profitable but III I'm
skeptical of the claim that they are not
profitable so you're saying they have 10
billion of debt 10 billion of debt
somebody saying I just read the thanks
really okay Disney owns Mark Hamill it
will own Netflix and you rich in Jack
one day as long as you're paying well uh
yes so low
yeah yeah I'm gonna own me for the right
amount of money you can own me yeah huh
true dat
shrewd it gonna be this adorable little
thing for a little bit oh okay I guess
I'm not oh yeah for the right amount of
money will sell out
we're okay being sellouts
okay oh wait hey rich we had a no kena
doe says what suppose the name IDO
kaneto que en II do IDO connect oh all
right is anyone in RL m been to
Riverside ia for trek fest no Riverside
is a tiny town which inexplicably has a
casino and is also the future birthplace
of captain james t kirk what are our
lems thoughts on ia ia what's I Indiana
Indiana that can't be
no Indiana's I am Iowa's I or zyw skirts
from Iowa okay I'm pretty sure this is a
whole lot of me not knowing yeah that's
what this is right here why do I hate
help us out people but I've never been
to the future birthplace of Captain Kirk
I have been to Vulcan Alberta Canada was
Kirk born in Vulcan Canada no Bach
wasn't even born in Vulcan Canada Jack
Spock was born on Vulcan Vulcan
different fucking planet I mean yeah no
I know I don't know how this fucking
future works
dr. Liu DUP says hi guys hi listening in
the car again what do you guys think of
spoilers personally I don't care by the
time I get around seeing things I will
have forgotten all spoilers anyway
I I can admit I typically don't give a
shit about spoilers is I don't care
about the spoiler I care about the
execution that's what makes something
work that's how they execute the plot
twists more than being shocked by it
though I guess that might depend upon
how shocking it is I I I would like to
give an exam
the less I know about something going in
the better and I would like to give an
example but in giving that example it's
actually a spoiler okay chat I'm about
to and this is an old and not an older
movie but this is a movie outside of
spoiler territory but I'm about to spoil
split okay the M night Shyamalan the his
most recent movie split starring James
McAvoy and that lady from the vova CH
yeah
heads up I'm about to spoil split here
we go
you don't care if I suppose I don't care
okay I think I think you guys I don't
give a shit about spoilers I think I
just read it okay I read her I'm the
Wikipedia so so for those who don't know
split takes place in the same universe
as unbreakable and though I didn't read
any like specific spoilers and that's
like a very minor spoiler for split but
I read that before I saw the movie I
knew it took place in the same universe
as unbreakable and this whole movie the
entire movie is about James McAvoy being
having a multiple personality disorder
yeah and the shocking twist at the end
even if it's a twist it's a very minor
twist but the twist at the end is when
he takes on a new persona
he actually takes on the physical
manifestation of that persona so for
example if he's like a nerdy split
personality
he might be weak but if he has a
muscle-bound like a weightlifter split
personality he will actually be more
muscular
he's stronger he has like an old lady
persona that's weak and frail and he
actually takes on these physical
manifestations and what he is hoping to
do is to awaken a super strong feral
personality definitely he's trying yes
or at least parts of his personality are
trying to awaken a super strong feral
personality and everyone's like no he's
just a crazy person but some people
think that in awakening that personality
he will actually get super strength yeah
but because I knew it took place in the
unbreakable universe I knew that that
was going to happen at the end oh yeah
okay that's just real and that did break
some of the magic okay movie for me okay
right and so generally speaking I want
to know the least possible about going
to a movie that was my specific examples
we are now over with spoilers about Z
play and hear you because they want
somewhere else if they actually care
about the channel or now the channel say
anything now the channel say something
so yeah the less spoilers the better
all right I think like like I knew
before I saw the Empire Strikes Back
what that you know Darth Vader was
Luke's father okay I still enjoyed the
Empire Strikes Back sure you know what I
think that's it depends on the severity
of the spoiler and how much the spoiler
is integrated to the story right mm-hmm

[Part II]
much the spoilers integrated to the
story right mm-hmm that's all you care
about I do I wanna I want to talk to
Pauline and I'm not pulling to go oh my
god what happened to you you used to be
a man
what cuz Pauline was Mara's first
girlfriend you used to be a man yeah and
now he's not now he's a horrible Goblin
creature oh he's talking about Mario
yeah Mario always look like this Jack
I'm sorry that you can't reconcile this
do not reconcile this in my head
I cannot reconcile this in my head I'm
gonna go talk to Pauline it's weird that
he's in the real world
see like even Pauline looks a little
cartoony your compared to the real
people because you know I because get
the fuck over it it's not a big deal you
know wait maybe I mean to get out my
like you don't recognize me first of all
now I'm a little insulted wait she
doesn't recognize you is that what she
says well no she's like we can't talk
right now
I'm monsters trying to take over my
whole city not like oh my god you saved
me from a giant monkey once but maybe
she didn't recognize we used to date we
right here we are
alright now let's see if she recognizes
me hey baby
maybe I could help save you save you
from a giant monster hint hint
I'm sorry but I really don't have time
to chat right now I need to figure out a
way to save my entire city things have
been utter chaos since the brutish
monster showed up and he has the nerve
to be advertising his wedding all over
new dog city a bit tasteless if you ask
them ahh it's a me Mario should I jump
and jump on your head yeah yeah take
that oh that ain't peach no it's not
Beach that's Pauline that's Pauline from
Donkey Kong you you don't save peach and
Donkey Kong this might blow people's
mind maybe they don't know ya am I not
you don't say peach and don khon you
save your girlfriend pauline who is now
the mayor of new dog city this sprawling
metropolis you see in front of you so by
the way you're welcome for saving you
from that giant monkey so you could
become mayor bitch oh shit I just fell
off a building and you're really worried
about story continuity in a Mario game I
thought there might be one of those oh
my god thank god you're here you can
help the situations you know need to be
a deeply intricate plot that's moving
between the games but you nearly say oh
hey Mario hey ma remember last time you
saved me from from a giant monster maybe
you could help me out again
maybe it ended badly and she's just
trying to ignore you
oh maybe oh my god what the fuck oh my
god there's horrible maggots and flies
in new dog city look at these things you
dumped her for a princess he found that
a sewer pipe to be fair she's pretty
smoking princess Pauline just sayin she
might have been from a sewer pipe but
you know she's got it she's got it where
it counts
why did they stop calling her Princess
Toadstool and start calling her peach
because her name was Princess Toadstool
toad is due Lola is not necessarily a
flattering name toadstool
but that's like Bowser right he used to
be King Koopa in the freight in the
first couple of games
I guess but now he's just like Bowser
king of the Koopas but oh my god he can
blow up cars like a this is love cars
that's fucked and there's maggots under
the cars that's so weird
that sign is super tacky hat you're
right also I'm in a tank
great great we're doing great I feel
great hello alone - seven - three forces
Alan Wake is a massive Stephen King fan
blowjob the deadly premonition sorry
it's fine I just like I like something
being described as a massive blow job I
don't know why that's that's funny right
that that Games a blow job
Deadly Premonition is the Twin Peaks
game that looks like and plays like a
really bad Dreamcast game
Alan Wake is just more of that uncharted
crap okay
all right captain tolerable says is the
Nintendo switch the best first year any
console has ever had yes even better
than the Dreamcast no we're talking
about two games
nearly a year apart right yeah right now
they have and even one of them's not
even an exclusive right because you can
get breath of the wild on the on the Wii
U
I'm megget shit
I do kind of love being a tank I'll be
real with you so is it like I'm a PC
gamer and hurt and like best generation
talk it just it's nonsense to me it's
meaningless jibber-jabber you know for a
lot of us it's not but for a lot of us
it's not meaningless jibber-jabber my
play good games man where are these
things segmented because you know they
is man because they is it is what it is
I'm sorry
Thanks
flies
dupa do you know like is this having a
good year yes a lot of people are
talking very positively about the switch
the best year ever I'd need some numbers
I mean I need to know what other games
have offered you know or what what other
things came out I imagine there are a
lot of years in the mid to late 80s and
early 90s that were technically much
better years for Nintendo I mean what
came out in the first year of the Super
Nintendo write some good shit maybe wow
I don't know how things work I mean they
were they were the top dogs uncontested
oh fucking hell man for a long time
get up Mario there be tanks
that's adorable the crosswalk signs are
our question blocks look at that look at
that adorable it's all adorable
but as far as this first year I know
like you know people want it right
people want the console mm-hmm
they they they have a property that
people want and is in demand what else
can you ask for they have something that
people want and for a long time they
didn't chat saying your grandma had a we
here's here's the problem with that
though your grandma had a we but she
bought it used it a couple times and
never touched it again a grandma had a
weed gramma didn't have a lot of weed
games right
she had that bowling one yep which one
had the bowling that might have come
free with me now that I think about it
that's so that's the real thing about
grandma and her we is the Wii sold very
well games on the we did not sell very
well that's a very important thing to
remember but by the way that brings up a
great point if we're talking to straight
numbers of who had the best first year
it's got to be the Wii right cuz
everybody fucking had a week
well sure Nintendo smart or not they
they make profit on their consoles yeah
they're not lost leaders yeah I mean
that's smart because they make money on
every system they sell its and it's but
it's dumb in the sense that they're
gonna be underpowered and compared to
the competition like all the time right
and for those who don't know many
console manufacturers actually sell the
console at a loss in order to make up
for it with game sales so you know your
Playstation your Xbox actually sells
their consoles at a loss to Microsoft
and Sony so they can make it up in game
sales that's a they get you hooked they
get you a hooked with the with the
system then you got to pay for the games
hi dudes
that's the plan at least Nintendo they
don't play that game though they make a
profit on everything and I don't know if
that's still true of of Sony and
Microsoft I know that used to be the
case I don't know if that's still true
like with the current generation
consoles but you know you can think
about it in the same way that steam is a
free service you don't pay any money for
steam but they want they want to be the
service where you buy your games through
also I hate this music can you guys hear
this music I can hate this music it's
why there's gonna be yellow I don't know
for no particular reason
I just want to say what's wrong with you
man good man hey man goombahs is
supposed to be brown you're all yellow
and shit what up with that
ding dong man ding dong Oh Weird Al did
you hear he's doing a tour of non parody
songs no he's doing a what did he called
the ill-advised tour it's a tour of
original music huh yeah hey I wish him
luck I like we're down everybody likes
Weird Al except for idiots whoa oh whoa
Jack there are people out there who
didn't like season 2 episode 7 of course
what's their budget
idiots I don't know rich you by the way
you're getting me very hyped to see all
of these into episode 7 don't don't I am
having fun with the chat I do really
like that episode I know I'm not
obviously my expectations are what they
are regardless of what you have to say
about it
all right up what up I'm just looking
there's another one about Deadly
Premonition er Athan mage saying forget
about Alan Wake play Deadly Premonition
that game will give you something to
talk about for a long time it's also on
GOG so you put it on a USB and copy it
to your drive as a backup they know oh
yeah I know what's up damn rich you can
get it DRM free rich you want to play it
down to it over there Chris Gaines mm
says Jack Chris Gaines I owe you some
totally not beer as either the Box I
sent you got lost in transit or Mike
drink it what kind of beer did you send
don't know also dark City is an
underappreciated masterpiece
too bad he never made another good movie
well he probably can get a chance right
after dark city because I think that
bomb because dark city was released
during Titanic madness oh sure sure I
don't think anybody actually saw dark
city other than other than me and Roger
Ebert who loved it right Roger Ebert
actually did a commentary track for it
oh did it yeah Oh fun
other than being Roger Ebert yeah dark
City was one of those I think that that
found a second life on yeah on home
video on DVD the magical doctor said he
was 98 Titanic was 97 Titanic was
December of 97 and Titanic had some legs
oh shit dog oh shit I know they came out
in different years but the Titanic still
managed to bury dark City yeah Titanic
Lee for real
they're wanna go up there
look around again it had legs but it
couldn't swim Oh boom credit goes to
Chuck Fox in the chat
you did it Chuck Fox yeah how do I get
over there there's a secret over there
and I want it
there we go that's how you get over here
Jack you can jump on your spinning hat
you can jump on your spinning hat I find
no real excuse to do so they say it
makes you jump further but I haven't
really noticed any difference moon so
you you throw your spinning hat like
this yeah and it usually comes back to
you like you throw right but if you hold
down wine it just sits there and so then
you can like you can't jump on it by the
way cuz if you jump on it that's what
happens like look you try to jump on it
oh I guess I did that damn it mind but
you just kind of run into it and you can
jump over it but I know fuck oh fuck oh
I'm fine I find very little excuses to
jump on my spinning hat again can you do
a bud slide jump on your hat does that
would greatly improve your distance
undoubtedly a buck slide your you do the
duck and jump that gives you more
distance oh sure
can you do that on your hat Oh find a
runway here
yeah that's pretty decent yeah yeah jack
is unimpressed on a jack is excessively
unimpressed I guess what I'm saying is
I'm pretty unimpressed by this whole by
this whole hat situation I do like
taking over other people and you know
turning them into my slaves that's fun
but yeah
valiant bloodshot says when will we get
more deal Breen on best of the worst the
great question is that glass box that
has passed through on the walls still
intact yes it is that is a great
question I would have done it ages ago I
have talked to vocal e about doing it
ages ago it's a lot of it's not up to us
send your complaints to contact it good
times oh shit
titanic's top-grossing day was February
4th yeah that movie was kind of insane
cuz it came up that was like over a
month after it came out it had its best
they had its best grossing day according
to this thing I am reading in the chat
well there you go yeah that movie was
crazy crazy I remember there was there
was a lady I was I was seeing at that
time Titanic a pre pre Lisa time mhm
there was a lady I was seeing and uh
that's about to get real or not know I'm
gonna get kicked off the building
gotcha
perfect great I did it okay there was a
lady I was seeing around around the time
of the Titanic craziness and I was
taking her home after a night I don't
know if it was a date or you know just
hanging out or whatever I don't remember
the exact situation but that Celine Dion
song came on you know yeah from the end
yeah zanuck and as we were just sitting
in the car waiting for her you know I
was just there just chatting in the car
not throwing anything yes best moves Lea
Celine Dion afraid but you know so we
were just chatting in the in the car and
that song came on and she made like me
stop talking like you cannot talk to me
while this song is on and she started
like crying just thinking about Titanic
listening to that song did that end it
huh did that end that was the start of
the end where I was like listen you know
I get being moved by stuff but like we
are talking it's just a fucking song and
I think it worked out pretty good for
you I'm not I'm not complaining but yeah
just started like actually sobbing
because she was thinking about Titanic
that movie is so fucking powerful get
there
that movie plus estrogen it was just
like crack wasn't it he nailed it he
just got it and he's like we're gonna
we're gonna crack the code what every
what every teen girl wants broke it open
like a like a like an walnuts but what
she it's the beginning of the end for
James Cameron well there wasn't many
places to go from there the beginning of
the end
fucking hell the beginning of the end of
the one of the most famous directors in
the world who made a billion fuckin
million dollars all that movie I know
then created another giant ass movie
after giant ass movie well how much was
there after Titanic
well avatar you know that's a lot okay
that was number of years after does it
doesn't have to be yeah he can do
whatever the fuck he wants after Titanic
he won yeah he won he doesn't need to do
nothing else winning Super Bowls
beginning at the end for his career
no-hitter in Game seven of the World
Series that was it I guess done now I
mean sure he still played baseball for
twenty years afterwards but that's what
I really like he waited do anything
after that
fucking hell the beginning of the like I
get your point that he'll do that much
after that but like the beginning of the
end is what you say like after someone
has failed James Cameron has never
failed avid
our wasn't a very exciting movie still
made a bazillion dollars hey where'd
Pauline go I want to talk to that Biddy
it was avatar the terminator TV show
then Terminator Genisys a rising star
okay
TV Cheryl her didn't give it that much
of a fuck about but Terminator Genisys
yes so okay except overseas where it did
well and avatar look we don't remember
it very fondly ultimately a forgettable
movie but it made billions of dollars
and lots of suicidal nerds with blue
painted faces it was a huge success
regardless of whether or not we thought
it was great and I didn't right
so you're only really listening like two
failures on that list
Dark Angel which had its fans I think
that mostly failed because it was on Fox
and they like to cancel science fiction
shows right so what I remembered Erik
Ainge oh yeah that was I I was a fan of
Dark Angel
oh I still got my moon I liked a little
bit of Dark Angel that had a didn't that
have Tom Cavanagh in it that was another
yet another James Cameron production
that had a strong female protagonist
thank God Wonder Woman broke that
ceiling thank God for Wonder Woman email
director a female different thing
it's finally okay to have a female
protagonist thank you one also she was
thank you gal gadot Oh protagonist you
don't you know your female protagonist
doesn't necessarily have to have
masculine qualities to be the
protagonist like Wonder Woman was a good
man literally based his entire career
around strong female protagonists and
he's got to sit there and listen to
everyone I guess they can't suck Wonder
Woman's cock like a sucker
quit I guess and say they did it first
and he's got he's got a listen to that
and I don't blame him for getting
grouchy about Wonder Woman you know it's
their different tones I don't blame them
you don't blame him I suppose the I
don't blame him for getting grouchy
about not being the first that wasn't
what he but the way he put it he made it
seem as if Wonder Woman was not an
appropriate feminist icon right that was
the problem if you were to be whatever
whatever he said I'll bet you his real
the real issue in his head is that all
of his vast body of work and strong
female protagonists has just been
forgotten about so that somebody can
sell this lie of we broke the ceiling
when he did it 30 years ago but rich the
point was his all of his strong female
characters had stereotypically masculine
qualities
and that's what made them strong whereas
Wonder Woman is a strong female
character with feminine qualities Rose
yeah Rose had strong masculine qualities
I've never seen Titanic okay
it's something you should know about me
he's and I'll and also it was a female
director so you have to understand it's
a slightly different situation and
really it was the way in which he said
it where he said Wonder Woman is not a
feminist ideal because she looks good
which is a bullshit statement right yeah
he wants to be huffy and be like hey man
I've been I've been casting ladies in
the lead all my career and then we'd all
been like oh yeah you totally right
James Karen but he was like that Wonder
Woman she ain't that hot that was the
problem that was the issue everyone was
having with what he was saying hey taxi
we rose was not a strong female lead why
not if we're talking about alright
female lead to be a strong female lead
can't be too masculine then how the fuck
do you do that if Rose who is not
masculine can't be a female lead because
she's not masculine there's a
contradiction in there no no Chad I want
to know what her standards are for a
strong female lead and why why doesn't
Rose fit the bill rich again she's the
lead character in an adventure film
again it doesn't matter whether you're
female lead has masculine or feminine
qualities it matters in that what James
Cameron said is that Wonder Woman
doesn't know God as a strong female lead
because she is attractive I and I
haven't seen Titanic so like that maybe
maybe she is a strong female lead
I'm trying to do here whoa Rose
basically does nothing for herself she
has to it's been a while since I've seen
titanically she have to kind of learn to
do something for herself though isn't
that kind of her arc does Leo save her
at the end I kind of work together at
the end
she might save him at some point I think
he's like tied up okay no I don't know
man you're on your own with this one
yeah never got around to see inside
Santa too much hype I was waiting for
the hype to die down never really died
down
what the heck is this
Thunder sonís is love quantum leap chat
last stream ya connelly want to see new
series to quantum leap remember Sam had
a daughter new series stars her
searching for Sam lost in time along the
way striving to put right what once went
wrong did say I'm done I'm trying to
remember I think he did well get a wife
he couldn't remember remember that was a
whole deal with him here amnesia oh yeah
that's true
karna belief ending left me blueballed
though the quantum leap ending left
everybody blue balled now he doesn't get
home yeah you know what he's never gonna
get home that's that's the end of
spoilers fuck his wife and daughter you
know fuck him right up the ass
I mean hadn't everyone forgotten about
them like I did I'll be honest I'm okay
with anything I'm okay with the ending
because being a fan of quantum leap
means that you like Sam going on his
adventures and so basically they're just
like okay he doesn't go home but he just
continues to go on adventures forever
they're gonna make to see if it's home
okay go you know what maybe maybe he's
perfected control over his leap know you
can go and come home at will whoo see
there you go there that's where you go
that's what we needed
how harden says good evening good
evening as kids did you ever read scary
stories to tell in the dark that book
scared me so bad when I was 8 I threw it
in my backyard
yomo del Toro is rumored to direct a
film version oh ok
I've never read that no I'm gonna guess
that book came out when I was 25 see you
yeah I don't know I don't know that one
what year are those books from another
good quick
I may actually have been 25 I'm not
familiar with the books though so yeah
it sounds like a Nickelodeon show came
out in the early 80s okay well then then
I would have been of the age I just I've
not read it yeah you know I never I
didn't get I wasn't really into reading
until until I was a little older we
weren't a book household like like
goosebumps is one I would have been a
little too old for probably yeah like
later 80 later 90s right for goosebumps
and I didn't have cable then at that
point so I don't think I'm known yeah I
guess Goosebumps books yeah we're like
late 80s Early 90s early nineties so
probably too old I don't know I got like
I said we were not we were not
necessarily a book household
unfortunately like I I love reading now
but I didn't really get into reading
until like the sixth grade so I I anyone
who's like hey you're over this classic
book from our childhood like probably
not mid to late 90s then I wish to old
was goosebumps yeah
yeah okay holy Brown Adam Sandler says
Jay got some shit on Twitter for saying
11:00 didn't have much to do in season 2
because people called it a spoiler well
this is obviously not what is the line
for you as to what is a spoiler and well
given my example previously that's
that's the tough part with spoilers is
it could just be anything because once
once you know any little bit of the
puzzle it makes it that much easier to
figure out the puzzle later you know I'm
I'm not even agreeing with the the tweet
that that 11 had nothing to do right I
you know and I don't know the tweet
she's kind of doing her own things but
she's doing things so far she's doing
things and I'm four episodes in people
might be upset to even know that she's
in season two because the season 1 left
it ambiguous well then they should the
shove her in the fucking trailer said
well that's what doesn't say but anyone
who's even been half paying attention
knows that she's in it so
all right if it's in the trailer it's
definitely not a spoiler I know some
people like to avoid trailers tough shit
right I haven't been able to watch
season two you I've and I'm only four
five episodes in so I'm not too deep in
so we're not getting too into it
tonight's I I'm liking what I've seen so
far
fucking Mario spider-man
whoa whoa that I'm not able to jump off
of that why is that there
oh hey go sometimes you just got to
throw your hat on it you know like
figure out what it does throw your hat
on it anonymous says I hate everything
that's actually great not like
cinemasins at all
also what's more disappointing the end
of Mass Effect 3 or the entirety of Mass
Effect Andromeda
I haven't played any of Mass Effect and
drama because Mass Effect is so bad it
ruined the entire Mass Effect universe
that's like three so bad right yeah so
your answer would be Mass Effect 3 I
suppose it is important to note I have
not laid a single finger on Andromeda
except to cut it into tiny pieces right
hey music I throw my head on you know
can I throw my hat nope well hit you
know oh shit then what's your purpose up
here dawg
what hell
what has you had dr. Luu watup says my
grandparents are nearly 90 years old 90
both are still farming and are fitter
and healthier than people 20 to 30 years
younger good for them
I'm proud of them think it's something
to strive for I mean anything as far as
I'm concerned anything past 70 you're
you've made it they're winning yeah oh
they are winning they did it flinging
ourselves over here figure out figure
out life here trying to figure out the
big city rich it's tough
life in the big city
a concrete jungle
mama says hey guys rich stream tonight I
anonymous I was wondering if you ever
saw the Netflix series about OJ Simpson
with Cuba Gooding jr. John Travolta
choose the scenery so much and it's
worth it just for him alone I've heard
the People vs OJ Simpson I live to that
OJ shit I need to revisit it you don't
need a you know this series dedicated to
it that's fair you know I think I think
I think I think Karen's mother has the
whole trial on my tape oh yeah TV just
recorded every damn day it was a big
deal it was a real big deal back in the
day that I remember what was it I was in
sixth or seventh grade and they they
like they they like we had a break from
school because they were reading the
verdict and like you guys need to see
this verdict this is gonna be important
for history and really what like you
know we were weird kids we're like who
is this Oh je veux it the oj important
for history I'm since I'm saying like
that's what that's what our teachers did
are oh your GG just want to watch the
trial ha ha ha that's probably what it
was yeah yes like the teacher wanted to
know so it's like that's a class
assignment and we're gonna watch it
you're gonna write a paper about it
that's assignment okay it's out for the
class but yeah it was a big deal like
and like I was like you mean the guy
from The Naked Gun movies you know like
I wasn't a sports guy so I didn't even
know who the fuck I didn't understand
why Oh Jay was like a big deal at all
like why what do you what is he fucking
Oh Jay
valiant bloodshot says how do you guys
feel about serialized television
narrative will came out from 109 that
discusses how it is very difficult to
sit back and just a joy enjoy an episode
of a show due to serialization well
people don't here's the thing people
don't watch TV shows like they used to
where I'm gonna sit down I'm not doing
anything tonight what's on the TV they
don't do that they they they open up a
web site and then you could start from
the beginning and watch as much as you
would like no I don't I don't think
there's anything wrong with with
serialized TV I don't think there's
anything wrong with non serialized TV
there's there's room for both but I can
I can understand why in the era of
Netflix that's something serialized
taking off yeah however I will say I
much prefer it when they have it planned
out on like a season per season basis
and not like where I'm going when and is
never in sight and then it fizzles out
will you get no satisfaction and see I
think you have to decide what kind of
show you're going to be beforehand like
yeah you know what we're gonna be we're
going to be non serialized every episode
is you say I will see what the fuck
happens maybe we'll have a small arc
throughout the season you know but you
know yeah we're just going free flow or
yes every season has a story and that's
our thing you have to choose the article
specifically was driven to point out
that serialization of Star Trek
discovery had damaged the way Trek would
work well yes but discovery never should
have been serialized I think it's the
issue I don't think that means the
concept of a surreal ice show was bad
then maybe thought they had to do Star
Trek that way because audiences really
liked them they didn't have to
Rick and Morty isn't serialized and
that's super popular
yeah yeah but does Rick and Morty have
like like season 1 had kind of it no I
guess not really because I've only seen
season 1 like in the later seasons do
they have kind of an overarching story
and we're out season Rick and Morty yeah
not really
ok I don't know what I'm doing I'm just
kind of running around seeing scene
where I end up Rick and Morty is 95%
standalone episodes ok
or maybe occasionally something that
happened will be referenced oh ok yeah
that's that's normal that's perfectly
crammed Yulin back over here again
excuse me building framerate issues
there's this the shit there's little I
can do about that framerate issues yeah
I don't know I don't know what that is
with our it's got to be something with
how the elgato is performing because I
don't think it's us you know I think
when when the elgato freezes we don't
freeze my guess is I just should have
done a computer research and I didn't so
I blame me I also blame it on the boogie
like that I there's a lot of blame to go
around you know
nope nope didn't make it
Madame says rich if you had participated
in them oh I already answered that in
the chat earlier but in case you weren't
here if I participated in however the
best of the works worst what would my
picks have been hmm Hackl entered to win
I would not vote for a destruction I do
not think that vampire assassin was so
horrible it needed to be destroyed we
had we actually got a fair amount of
entertainment out of vampire assassin I
would I would vote to spare it but hack
O'Lantern was the winner and you know I
had I been in a different dare I say
more sober mindset I would I might have
even agreed with you about vampire
Sasson because it is true we did get
some fine comedy out of that I it was
very bad look there's barrels rich
there's barrels in a new dog city
barrels
get over there
no don't mind me just jump it on your
shit this is why Pauline doesn't want me
around anymore
Mario can you just stop jumping on my
city just for five fucking seconds just
stop jumping on my city and talk to me
like a person boo-boo Mario series I
thought tonight would be an off night
for what the World Series
apparently it's tied up four to four oh
great I don't really care who wins
tonight because they're they're tied up
two and two
okay so whoever wins you know I just
want to see a Govi Game seven was what
I'm rooting for I want to see Game seven
so whoever wins is a relevant debate ha
ha ha sure
yes I agree Mike chase gaming one
Episode seven is so bad
asked you didn't finish comment right
you forgot the asked part episode seven
is badass
no fucking big new dunk city is oh yeah
I'm sure you can go to all of those
spots
oh you saying like yeah it is comically
large for any kind of thing for any kind
of city yeah and I understand that these
are these are basically matte paintings
but for Christ's sake man like we know
cities aren't that big they want you to
jump off the building
okay I'm gonna be heard what I do you
not clutch up during long Falls and
games we're gonna see like lunch up
why'd you jump up there because I wanted
to land on the hook after bed once you
take time off the street I wouldn't die
I died that was a far dive man you
ruined it nice tall you ruined it it's
still hard to hear if I'll fucking go
back it's fine
go back it's fine here's what I'll do
here's what I'll do I'll do even more
than they were asking I'll go back I'll
go back up here oh there's a moon over
there I'll get the moon and then jump
off I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to the
highest point new dog city and we'll
jump off of that onto the street how
about that well thank you that'll make
me happy Jack thank you thank you look
at that can do the handstand jump off of
there just for extra height
wait I got it nope
Maria tipped out a surprisingly well
yeah this guy's just moving them I think
I just chilled of building mmm those
whole Curie's know I want to get in
front like it like I guess I'll just
walk with him
hey mister mister you got any dollars
can I change change for the bus change
for the best new dog City hey lady
can I be you can I be you hey lady nope
can't be the lady cop lyric says
gobbledygook a pretty wife answered the
door for the moon let me read this first
for the milkman make sure I make sure I
could read this okay
a pretty wife answered the door for the
milkman then he followed her to the
bathroom she disrobed asking him to fill
up the tub with milk do you want that
pasteurized no just up to my boobs
read the beginning part of that joke
again
so how is that as dirty as you'd think
read over yeah a pretty wife answered
the door for the milkman then he
followed her to the bathroom she just
robed asking him to fill up the tub with
milk do you want that pasteurized no
just up to my boobs past your eyes
that's your eyes I get it yeah I get it
I get it rich don't worry as in nineteen
eighty forces hearing rich hearing
hearing rich saying they could suck
Wonder Woman's dick then changing a
torque lip is enough for this tip you
earned it rich almost spit tagged
monster energy onto my screen anyways
have you seen mind hunter
I have not there's another Netflix
original mind excuse me excuse me
I got to find all those musicians again
how hard it says Hagen Jack I recommend
the scary stories
scary stories books to you and your kids
the illustrations are pretty gnarly cool
an armor and honor of the sacred
Halloween that was your guy's best
favorite costume as a kid what was your
guys best favorite costume as a kid
Indiana Jones yeah some spooky books
might be nice I'm almost done with my my
ghost box collection my spooky short
stories I decided to save some for four
you know after trick-or-treat and you
know actual Halloween the 31st edge of
that city is that a city on top of a
building where turn room like what does
everything sitting on the edge of oh
yeah what is new dog city's foundation
is that just like water the nothing
maybe water okay there's water down
there yeah like it's just built hundreds
thousands of feet above water that's
weird that's actually weird weird what
is that like an Eggman robot robot Oh
apparently that gives me a moon this is
this is
this is a problem I have I think it's
too easy to get moons I just like push a
robot I'm sorry your life sucks
basically those moons I basically I'm
saying my life sucks see French it's
like you know me Bob parson he bowed
Blackpool or blurps Corp Corp dorp floor
P dark Dorp PA that sounds French to be
PA did you say Pierre someone PA and I
got to find there was that one dickhead
who was like on a roof playing the sex
in the phone and I get I got to get him
apakah deathtrap says alright my fiancé
and I binge stranger things all in one
day we loved all of it especially
episode 7 ha ha ha ha
did he really say especially episode on
an unrelated note we have been craving
KFC lately I don't lose any life for
that
it's almost like that was a reference to
my boyfriend's a vampire what the fuck
was that call again my boyfriend really
read the chicken the fried chicken for
dinner
the last vampire vampire on earth doing
a lesbian better day that almost felt
like a reference to the last vampire on
earth and I want to know if the duffer
brothers are fans of best of the worst
he probably filmed that before that came
out I would assume right I know what
episode you're talking about right
we know that a surprising number of
working professionals in the movie
industry our fans of red letter media
flower all right I think I found all
four musicians
congratulations so I think now we get it
we get a sweet-ass concert
dr. Liu it up oh wait are we doing
something super important right now
see look she doesn't know Mario I don't
suppose you're familiar with underground
work are you Pauline knowledge my
existence Pauline
damn you oh maybe it maybe mice here
hold on
check out this uh you see that Pauline
you remember that you remember that
walking away from you uh all right I
gotta find the underground power supply
so we can get the the new dog city
festival working
yes chap Mario hit that yeah yeah heck
yeah Mario hit that
Mario straight-up ignored Pauline since
the 80s
Mario could suck a dick not true we hung
out with her on the Gameboy Advance
where is it the D s which one would a
Mario vs. Donkey Kong games knows it is
yes he hung out with her on the DS so it
doesn't matter he saved her from fucking
Donkey Kong he saved her life and then
you know depending on who's what you
know what you think is canon he got
trapped in the Mushroom Kingdom did she
look for him did she did she do anything
to help Mario I don't know she's not
even acknowledging his existence at the
moment happens on the chata sing he hit
that so hard she got amnesia
now now you get it that's a good one
how's it go like that you remind me of
someone
oh my head hurts now for some reason
yeah
decorative it up says I consider a
spoiler to be something that ruins your
enjoyment of a story so for me what is
and isn't a spoiler can only be
determined after the fact
oh yeah yeah right that's the tough part
with spoilers I guess well
when hearing the ending of Mass Effect 3
early be considered a spoiler because I
still would have hated that regardless
Berber / / / like spoilers are tricky
territory I think no matter what and
that's that's why I always err on the
side of just not knowing anything I'll
look them up for things sometimes
because I typically I really don't care
I largely don't care about spoilers yeah
it's the execution of what they do
rather than more so than knowing what it
is sure and it can be it can be but you
know because I've been I've been spoiled
before there are exceptions to this like
it probably would have ruined the sixth
sense for me sure if I I heard the
endings of that ahead of time yeah of
course but in general I don't mind
knowing for the most part
I Do's II can mix you in 120 says hey
guys your favorite troll waiting for
Jack to give in and reinstall pub G once
they get a new map or to edit nope
anyways a random question what do you
think of seven and American Psycho
thanks any thoughts on seven American
Psycho
both are fine movies both a55 movies
haven't seen seventh you haven't since
that I haven't seen seven game
interesting movies you haven't seen no
have you seen American Psycho no you go
c7 or American I haven't seen either um
American Psycho is a really is an
example of a really good adaptation of a
book you know a lot of times people say
oh you know the book is love but our
American Psycho I think is is up there
for a movie adaptation that is better
than the book seven is fine movies I
have no super strong thoughts in seven I
enjoyed it but how'd you get down here
she's a hands on mayor a new donk lesson
girl all right
blood beats us rich if you were planning
a heist and could only bring one friend
what type of animal would you be
Gallagher says yeah yeah yeah good
that's good I got the gong yeah what are
you gonna get a gong show sound effects
right yeah we needed a gong we need it
where's our sound thing you said a sound
thing I just have a noise we need it
we could put oh you know we could
probably add a noise thing to the to the
stream deck the people don't get gong
show references anywhere it needs to be
the Whammy noise wow wow
we could add a we could pry out a thing
to the to the stream deck the whammy
noise yeah we wouldn't hear it where
they would grab the excess what do you
see when the Pillsbury Doughboy bends
over doughnuts
why doesn't a chicken wear pants because
it's Becker is on its head ever put fish
sticks in your mouth what are you a gay
fish who this who's this
thanks yes that's that's that's
Gallagher stop with the jokes man what's
going on in your world
they ain't telling so many jokes
sure I'll participate in the festival is
there is there an option to woo Pauline
back and forget about peach like peach
keeps getting kidnapped after a while so
you got it you got to wonder you know
how much she's fighting Bowser like she
just keeps getting kidnapped Pauline
she's uh she's got some power here she's
got a whole city cosmopolitan lady sin
maybe was time to it's time to upgrade
here look at this peaches so mousey it's
maybe said maybe it's about time we get
a you know I I yeah I fiber Mario I'm
probably just just I wouldn't
necessarily be Oliver but I would think
about it
oh look at this classic Donkey Kong
level
you know I think we need to question it
has it just we've been with peach for so
long that's all we know are we are we
saying that we have no more options
Mario you have options um I'm down with
Pauline yeah it's something we need to
we need to consider
I mean life with peach she gets
kidnapped every week peach is a hassle
peaches a hassle also peach lives with
toad and he's a weirdo look at these are
these seem like normal people and we
could get a job in the city you know
like the city has plumbing Pauline got
kidnapped once ever yeah well she might
have gotten kidnapped also in Mario a
few times a few times she doesn't have
the history yeah I'm not like peach
though words every damn week
and then you just gotta fight a monkey
when she does get kidnapped not out not
a lizard army also you don't even fight
fire-breathing lizard army this is like
not even fight a monkey just needs to
get to the top level you gotta jump you
know you know you got to dodge a few
barrels yeah then you hit an axe or
something he falls down it's great and
look she sings she's got a beautiful
singing voice shit I jumped into a fire
having no appearance by Donkey Kong and
this yeah I am I am disappoint I am so
disappointed maybe he's at the top I
expected to see a sequence with 3d
Donkey Kong in this he might be a pop of
yours it's bright I get that but oh with
3d done oh yeah so by the way is this
Pauline's way of saying I remember you
is this Pauline's way of saying like I
know who you are Mario and I still love
you this hope come back to new dog city
Mario
we miss you Mario I miss you Mario
I hear you Pauline I hear you
alright now get my dance of Pauline yeah
get up the tube give the tube oh yeah
here we go I'm a little bit disappointed
that there's no 3d - I was sure there'd
be a doggy Kong sequence in the game
more than that
that would have been nice I was all
waiting for the Donkey Kong boss fight
that wasn't very wasn't to be was not to
be that's too bad
you did it ah feels great Pauline hmm
all right well I guess we'll just stay
here and this city no no no need to find
Pete what does stay away yes fine a nice
what am I getting
is she getting married her juices where
all the ads are she's getting married to
Bowser but not here no not here we still
gotta find her if we feel like finding
her is what I'm saying
will you just stay here look look at
this vibrant city we could stay in just
fine different find a place ho no no
what say I was sick time looking like
was there up time looking like how we
doing how we doing guys I don't know
what's going on cuz someone uptime us
I'm gonna call him whenever I've had a
long day I know I know you have you
started a little early I don't think
we're quite at 4:00 yet but we might be
close 321 okay let's see what this next
world is I guess we'll leave I guess
we'll go find peach how about this how
about this yeah here's what's fair
because we have a history of rescuing
peach we'll rescue peach but then come
back to new dog city okay I say hey Pete
it's not a romantic thing that's just
saving someone in need right and it's
like peach I just need to let you know
that I won't be around again I've
rescued you I'm for the umpteenth time
now if you need anything just call Luigi
he's not going anywhere he can help
maybe spend some of your royal money on
a fucking army that isn't made of
mushroom that's been spent 30-years
you've given me a cake I think I think I
think I made some poor choices no this
has nothing to do with Pauline this has
nothing to do with Pauline I what I'm
saying is the city makes me happy and
she happens to be there also she did
throw me a party you ever thrown a party
oh my god he's falling asleep you invite
him into your castle and then you got
kidnapped
every fucking time you throw a party you
get kidnapped I'm starting to think
you're staging this because you want
attention peach does Daisy ever get
kidnapped that once rich I know I said
there's a bird there's a bird sleeping
on Mario that's adorable touches with
Hannah that is adorable
that's really great all right wake up
but I think we do owe it to peach to
save her here all right like you know we
started I'm starving
she's expecting us to say her like that
would be nice but you know no more after
this no more it's panic Mountain which
world you fall asleep a different bird
will land on you oh is it true that's
beautiful
that's beautiful I love it what's up
with that green screen why was it
popping in every once in a while again
journey around you there's some I mean
there's some schmutz right here there's
a wedding diverter is that way normally
on Oh sometimes that lights on see if I
fix it
sometimes that lights I don't know if
it's always on
we're brighter now yeah I think that fix
it oh yeah all right we can either go to
the seaside Kingdom or the snow Kingdom
and because I don't want to deal with
ice bullshit I'm gonna go to the seaside
Kingdom this is marios specifically not
a galaxy get one planet only one planet
just get the one planet yeah
something that's earth-like but not
really earth that's interesting we got a
moon this is interesting also where's
the Mushroom Kingdom
these are a lot of different kingdoms
here the last one you get - where's the
game start in the Hat in the cap kingdom
here the game starts in the cap Kingdom
not in the mushroom the game starts
you're already aboard Bowser's flying
ship really yeah
what and he's like he's like and like
he's in his tux and peaches in her
wedding dress already and like she's are
like they've gotten so tired with the
whole kidnapping thing they don't even
show the kidnapping anymore Wow yeah
she's already kidnapped and and we just
we just get what we fall down into the
Hat into the cat Kingdom huh why is it
all the kingdom where's my Republic's
technically the metropolis Kingdom had a
mayor and not a queen so that might be
some sort of democracy but but you know
this is a whole different planet
true blue review says hey guys super
late to the stream hi
she just wanted to say that the
Halloween special was amazing
who would you say was more drunk Jack or
Mike also your mother's a bitch are you
for real
hey mama's a bitch
mother's a bitch John ha ha ha that was
such a special moment in the screening
room that hard cut to him already
standing up Rosen he comes and he walks
around he looks like a proper old-school
man British guy had a handlebar no yes
he looks like it's going to talk like
this and I walked upstairs
you might as a bitch she said nothing
angry or violent before that moment and
I was the most drunk regrettably so I'm
going to do my very best not to get that
drunk again yeah once a year it's fine
yeah once ok they're not gonna think
you're a drunkard I is that whether they
think I'm a drunkard it's whether I am
bitch like I gotta get I gotta go I
gotta do a best doors hold on I gotta
get drunk first right you know we don't
want that to happen that's not happening
don't worry about it no why no newb
kemper 89 says love the space quest
stream yeah fun brought me so much
happiness which is kind of depressing
oh yeah that's not your problem
did you guys ever watch are you afraid
of the dark episode one from season 5
freaked me out
I was 35 when that show started coming
out no I know I don't know how old I
wasn't it started coming out but I don't
know that I did watch it so growing up I
did not have cable so so I didn't watch
many many cable programs
this might look weird to to you people
at home this game features Rumble
sections to find moons eat your battery
for no particularly good reason
I hate rumble and so you have to you
have to like find where there and it's
like localized Rumble and so like right
now that it's rumbling more on my right
side and as I move more to the right it
starts rumbling more on both of them
until it's like dead center under you
like right ah bad guys chat I I
graduated high school in 95 so if are
you afraid of the dark came out in 94 I
was either depending on when in 94 it
came out it was either a junior or a
senior Pokemon is a baby's thing to make
all right get him up got him um pokey
your pokémon's pokemons is even too
young for me didn't stop me from playing
it but then again I didn't see that
That moment when Rich graduates it's
cool before you were born
gun jack will never visit that room and
interact with that snail again that's
probably true yeah that's probably true
why would I know maybe something fun
happens yeah they'll never know I'm here
you know what I'm here for I'm here from
fucking moons that's all I care about is
moons so that's now gonna give me
anymore moons than I don't give a fuck
see these snails are gonna help me get
moons I don't know I'm here from moons
which at the only way I can I can stop
aging as if I died and I'd rather that
didn't happen so no you failure a big
fucking failure
you can't you can't even get in music
notes when they're in a straight fucking
line except I got him that time
come on
future society will only allow people to
live to 20 years of age then strangle
them to death live on stream says tofu
ace and I'm gonna say tofu ace are you
familiar with a little movie called
Logan's Run haha move it up ten years
and that's that's actually the plot of
Logan's Run I'm gonna turn it's a great
movie oh it's a great movie I do people
know about Logan's running they don't
they don't okay review it's a motive
some kind of post-apocalyptic society
but it's thriving post lock post my for
elliptic society they figured out
they've built this like civilization
underground and they're like this dome
and I guess one of the way they keep
people from using too many resources is
they've made it a thing that you are put
to death when you turn 30 but they make
it like a ceremony mailing a thing well
and not only that before then you live a
life of whatever you want
yes so like fun life before that like
Logan lives in a beautiful city he can
call up like like they they have they
have tinder they have fucking sex tinder
where he's looking through ladies and
then they get teleported to your room
for sex stuff there's a whole city
dedicated to being a violent psychopath
that's like an adjacent bubble and if
all you want to do is like be violent
and murder people you can live there and
you murder and be violent and do
whatever you want right but then as soon
as you turn 30 yeah except for away they
don't know that right because there is
so let's think it's got a reincarnation
thing right right got a carousel they do
the ceremony and they're all vaporized
that's what they find out later is that
you're vaporized yeah but oh
Logan's runs a great movie holds up
holds up surprisingly well for for an
older sci-fi movie starring um Oh who's
that guy from the 70s I don't know its
name
okay so do you remember Austin Powers
the guy who plays Basel exposition yeah
yeah back in the day when he was making
movies like that
Riz no sanctuary no sanctuary I've said
that a few times on stream and if you're
horribly confused that's referencing
something from Logan's Run
I love Logan's Run I love Logan's Run -
we're gonna do something about that
we're gonna do something about that cos
garnet
the earth looked okay though that's
because Logan and run is probably taking
place centuries after the apocalypse
actually happened yeah in fact like the
whole the the great thing about Logan's
Run is there is a whole bunch of movie
after the movie like the the entire
third act of that I like I don't want to
spoil Ike I don't want to spoil it I
don't want to tell you too much because
I mean even though it's a movie from the
70s and yeah okay so you should you
should definitely see it it can echo
some strange unexpected places no one
want to check just it's just the way
they live now right and and you know
again there's this lie that's told to
them they don't know anything about the
outside world
right like conceptually they don't
really understand it right right right
yeah that's great it's a beautiful this
is the wonderful moment when they do
find their way outside and I think trees
what the fuck's a tree what's all this
green shit right right oh it's beautiful
it's a beautiful movie also like the
basic survival kind of like they don't
know what like food is outside of their
city because they get it so readily it's
it's a great it's a it's a great little
monster as metaphor movie why would I go
outside when I'm living insects city
because they put you to death at 30 but
it's kind of working I bet some people
would be like I'm okay with this as
great
excuse you
oh my god the hat store is on the back
of a giant floating dinosaur I'm happy
oh look at that I could be oh that's a
great outfit do I haven't I can buy that
yeah
I'm buying it I'm wearing it now this is
high frauds love the return of drunk
jack and the new best of the worst rich
I've recently been playing XCOM - thanks
- and love it but the alien rulers are
pissing me off
what's your opinion / advice the alien
rulers ah the Covenant that's one of the
DLCs I i I've only ever played that that
recently with the new excuse idea I
didn't play any of the DLC until the
last expansion came out I figured I'd
wait till they're done and then I'll
just play up with all the ship sure so
my my solution would be just don't
activate the alien rulers until you get
better weaponry or if you don't like
them just just turn that option off when
you start a new game and it says DaVinci
is this dlc yeah dad just say just say
no
you can do that
my next time - yeah yeah you turn the
individual DLCs off if you don't wanna
play with them and the expansion oh I
don't know if that's normal it's
probably pretty normal probably looks
like they want to bring flood back rich
look if this is our second mmm no second
leg you know they got a soft spot for
flood it's like just give me flood this
is just a less when you call it a less
competent flood
a true-blue review says I've been saying
this ever since the game came out she
wears cool outfits she's not a damsel in
distress
she has actual political power and she
sings mayor Pauline is better than
Princess Peach you know I'm just I'm
gonna I'm gonna fill out agree with you
I don't think this is a controversial
statement I think this is actually
Nintendo floating by the idea of
ditching peach let's see how the fans
deal with this oh here we go that's why
there's a shooting more there we go
World Series is not tied at 77
it sounds like an exciting fucking game
a little bit sad I thought it was gonna
be an off night tonight no world series
for Ritchie oh sorry that's all right
it's all right
I'm very sorry rich Princess Peach and
needs Mario yeah but does Mario need her
exactly exactly there is something
called a codependent relationship where
one party is dependent on the other and
you know that doesn't work well cocoa
means they feed off each other Mario's
getting nothing out of us no peach is a
codependent peach needs I think we just
just dependent maybe I'm getting my
codependents like a bad feedback where
you both reinforce bad habits in the
other oh I thought codependency is when
one party is dependent on having another
party English is a fucking bad language
peach needs therapy I think so Oh whoo
hava man rich is right jack is wrong
okay it's two people to hang out they do
drugs but if they didn't hang out
together they probably wouldn't do the
drugs and something they do because
they're together they read they the bad
bed things reinforced okay that's
codependent I'm okay with that I'm okay
being wrong the water pressure was
stronger it could probably launch us all
right so does that mean I know what that
means but huh how do I do clear fish
up-up-up fish so yeah so basically peach
is dependent peach is dependent on Mario
and that's not fair for Mario he's just
like a parasite yeah and that's not fair
to Mario no it's not it's really not
that means Mario is doing all the heavy
lifting in the relationship and
eventually that's gonna burn you out so
Pete you know like that's that though
okay
why doesn't Mario at this point just
killed Bowser just murder him just mert
well murder Bowser hmm I mean he's a
stalker he won't stop it's dangerous
yeah you just have to kill Bowser that's
that's tough you know mark maybe maybe
Mario has a Batman ask no kill code well
you know get over a dude I mean I agree
with you but look quite frankly I enjoy
Batman but he should have killed the
Joker this is yeah you should have done
this yeah he keeps getting out and he's
gonna keep doing what he's doing you
know what needs to happen Batman some
sometimes Batman like there's just a bad
egg I wasn't that I was looking at I was
looking that we're done lady oh my I
can't believe that something didn't hit
me
but I don't want to be judge jury and
executioner
well alright does it make any sense that
Joker's in Arkham Asylum
he's a crazy person so was Jeffrey
Dahmer they didn't put him in asylum the
serial killers who are really dangerous
it seems like the court system kind of
turns a blind eye and ignores the whole
insanity things you're because these
people are too dangerous lock him up
somewhere more secure sure yeah I'm with
you because the cava cast a but well of
course that's the real reason but the
truly insane killers never seemed to be
innocent virtue of insanity they always
go to actual jail yeah so I'm gonna say
in the real world the Joker never would
have made a dark asylum
probably not
uh-oh group that I'm with you you guys
know all about Dahmer living in
Milwaukee
I was just that was national news for
one and secondly it was it was kind of
news at the time the fact that he didn't
get off on the insanity plea I remember
people on TV news saying well if
Dahmer's not insane who the hell is ha
which by the way is a fair question all
right yeah it was it was somewhat
controversial that he was not ruled
insane
sure and and then made even more so
controversial by him being killed in
prison what days after he got there
Sears I think well yeah he lasted a
while there's more than one interview
with him from prison oh yeah yeah he
found Jesus Jack now he did he did he
did what yeah he did oh geez Oh Dahmer
found Jesus in prison that made it all
okay of course well he's been a model
prisoner we're gonna let him out earlier
what yep nice been he's doing a really
great job here if we even found Jesus we
figure it was good behavior he'll be out
in a couple years well he really liked
the idea of the Eucharist you mean the
body of Christ I appreciated that
as terrible it was great
I only had peach
Simas lupa says hey guys next weekend
we're going to Florida for my cousin's
wedding
okay I've been looking forward to it but
the last time I went to Florida was the
election so if anything terrible happens
my bad sorry okay well good great I'll
branson's guys and I got nothing to say
about the election god dammit he that
Florida that's he's part talking mm he's
probably talking he's probably talking
now Bush versus Gore yeah - they must go
a bit further ahead out who's more of a
monster Dumber or Ed Gein's
I don't think gaines killed that many
people I think most of the body parts
they found in his place he dug up from
the local cemetery I think ed Gein's
only killed a handful of people oh yeah
yeah I'll be honest I don't know that
much about Ed Gein's whenever they say
it inspired by a true story for some got
a serial killer movie like Texas
Chainsaw Massacre they're referencing Ed
Gein's
sighs I am sorry about your story ed
games Tim Jackson is good it's bad about
your story ed Gein's great gangs net
gains or whatever I mean I'm sorry I
don't have I don't sorry I don't know
how to properly pronounce the serial
killers babe yeah get it together Dahmer
had a higher body count eight people and
Eve ezel he was trying to literally make
a sec Sambi he killed people because he
was drilling into their brains he was
trying to do some kind of lobotomy type
thing to them where they wouldn't they
wouldn't be dead but they wouldn't they
wouldn't be able to think or do anything
on their own either he was trying to
make a literal sex zombie that's a fact
yeah it was fucked up Dahmer is the
bigger monster yeah that's like super
fucked
like I don't want to pass judgment on
anyone but that's kind of fucked like
rich I'm not here to kink shame anyone
but I'm gonna go ahead and say that you
know making literal sex on bees might be
wrong come on man you wouldn't take sex
on B no no listen man have you had sex
you usually the other person has to do
something that's not it sounds horrible
does that horrible
it'd be like masturbating with a much
bigger hand come on come on man
get it together I'm moving away from
this that sounds like bragging I love
rain says guys I'm sorry but you're
leaving out the obvious reason why Mario
sticks with peach over Pauline okay she
must do everything in the bedroom anyway
keep up the good work I highly doubt it
peach she's about kisses and cake man
kisses a cake man she's like a six year
old she's got the mind of a child yeah I
bet that's what Mario thought going into
this but but she's a tiger behind closed
doors nope it's the mousy ones
it's the mousy ones that'll always do it
and then you know she she kept up with
his kisses and cake bangin Mario like oh
shit why do you think Daisy kept coming
on the trips like no no you know let's
bring Daisy on this trip let's go let's
go skiing with Daisy
that's saying that maybe peach is a
secret lesbian what's the proof there's
nothing that's just saying that's why
she's hanging out with Daisy all the
time oh oh she like it's her it's her
thought to hang out Daisy yeah yeah all
right Daisy I don't believe this peaches
sister they need this Daisy is just the
princess of an entirely different
Kingdom right Daisy is the princess from
Super Mario Land for the games
yes yeah also she showed up in Mike
Mario Golf and Mario Kart that's where I
think most people know her from right
I'm trying to get above his head damn
ass hat that alert says sorry guys for
all the South Park jokes but there's a
new South Park game out heaven body x2
the price hey did you know PS on the ps4
you can play DC Universe Online for free
but you fucks what no
rebel bases hey guys stranger things
made me go to get dragon's lair on my
veto haha just wondering if you had any
experience with the game and are you
looking forward to the movie being
animated by the original animators a
movie might be cool but as a game it was
always crap it was the animation gimmick
it's the original fucking awful
QuickTime fest that's true that's true I
think a lot of people look back on
Dragon's Lair with kinder eyes than it
deserves right i manly dragon they're
sucked camp yeah you know for the time
it was like yeah visually really
impressive but I'm with you I am with
you
it was good for its time know it most
games look like pac-man and Dig Dug and
then he have something with his dumb
Bluth animation and that was
mind-blowing but didn't really realize
it wasn't actually a game right and
that's the thing was people people are
forgetting that the game itself was not
much of a game
fiery dog poop says oh by the way I'm
gonna go back a second yeah talking
about there being dragon's lair movie in
the worst you don't know there's a TV
show right
no I doze in animated dragon star
cartoon show for one season really yeah
when eighties eighties of course
eighties alright I did not know that I
think I think they played up the gimmick
like commercial break what should Dirk
do next like in the game hahaha oh
that's a great idea
I might be remembering this wrong I
think they would show like the different
options like if you had chosen poorly so
it was kind of like the game Oh fun but
I could I could be misremembering that
part that's fun fiery dog poop says just
join the stream yeah please play longer
probably man stranger things episode 7
was amazing
Jack please graces with a drunk Jack
stream rich I really love the dull blade
joke Jay really killed it I just like
that bit know I listen when I solo
stream from home you guys know I
sometimes have a little beer and then I
when I'm not with other people it's just
me slowly talking slower and slurring my
speech that's not fun for anyone that's
why I usually stop streaming
so no we probably won't get a drunk jack
so long a stream or a drunk jack stream
because then you know the other option
if it's not a if it's not a drunk jack
solo stream then it's a drunk jack
regular stream with rich here and then
rich just has to deal with my drunk ass
come on that's not very fair to rich
Auto flood Jill later flagellated auto
fledge later since a rich three quick
trick question trick questions okay one
true or false Neelix is the Jar Jar
Binks of Trek - what is your take on
Reginald Barclay 3 what do you think is
responsible for the creative creative
stagnation post D ace ds9
true but nowhere near severe love me
some berkeley and probably Rick Berman
but I don't really know I wasn't behind
the scenes Neelix is the Jar Jar yeah
fecal dripping says what's your opinion
on Soylent Green and that's great -
sandwich I'll tell you what I'll just
need it right out of jar but you know I
mean I'm trying to cut carbs sell
was it was it wasn't served in a jar was
certainly Green was a guy I thought tile
not a paste right
I you know what here here's a little
cinema confession time I've never seen
Soylent Green I think a lot of people
haven't I I know that it is people it's
one of those things that was the the
twist was was greater than the movie
inside oh yeah I tracked Jex's hi
Richard Jack hello great stream Mario
honestly looks fun would you consider
playing the room on stream it's a short
fun puzzle game that looks great and
could be completed in one evening I
enjoyed him know the plans to not even
familiar with it I know the puzzle games
have necessarily made for the best
dreams but yeah that could just be the
eleventh guest fall wasn't the 7th guest
I don't
Oh
but my root key mede issue says first
tip okay I'm away to the theater to see
thor ragnarok in 25 minutes you guys
planning to see it hey maybe if Kyra
wants to
I'll go see it I plan it yeah if Karen
doesn't want to I won't really have
anyone to go with
you can go me I'll go watch it with you
I like that door it smells like a nag
mica J to go with on the and the viewing
they're probably going to have for an
episode that will likely happen right
right
now get a moon I gotta hit it 15 times
damn damn it damn it let's play what
fine I don't wanna I don't wanna
about that
sound of mousetrap says white an IDI
gaind turn the thermostat up so the
furniture wouldn't get goosebumps I get
it ah nothing like a little dark humor I
love dark humor that's fine joke it's
fine joke
absolutely
Chad didn't I say Ed Gein before and
then people corrected me somebody needs
to make up their mind and now they're
saying it's game yeah yeah you people
there's no pleasing you
excuse me excuse me fish true-blue
review and I'm caught up after this this
one what in general is your overall
opinion of the game so far would you say
this is a deciding factor game for the
switch and do you think the game is too
easy to get through a deciding game
factor for this way like breath of the
wild right yes you want more than one
this is does this tip it over
mmm it's another it's it's a game that
you can only get on the switch
right right so that that helps whereas
like breath of the wild for a lot of
people they still have their Wii U so it
doesn't matter here's my early review
and so we've been streaming this for
four hours so I have approximately six
hours into the game right right not a
whole lot so far my early review is yes
it's too easy okay
I'm not necessarily getting the
enjoyment that I got out of isn't that
every Mario game no like Super Mario
Sunshine I loved and I thought that
galaxy the challenge of galaxy was
amazing and oh yeah well like just the
whole like three-dimensionality of going
around on you're on the you know sure
like up is down everything is fine
gimmick oh sure
gotta find some water it was a fine
gimmick and the worlds were great and I
felt no I I felt that there was a decent
challenge in in in galaxy but again
Galaxy had a system that encouraged that
wasn't as open world II collectathon II
as this you know galaxy have its stages
its curated stages and it's our water
meter there's a water meter well there's
a bubble that I'm in you see it's
smaller bubble gets smaller and so I
fill up with water I see I see
which is what gets tricky over here cuz
I got to get it all the way through here
but I can't game is too easy dies in the
same spot right first of all yeah you
know they're assholes Jack you know this
I do
whoa what's down here what was I just
supposed to get down here
they're saying you think it's too easy
because you're only getting the easy
moons and you're skipping or missing the
hard ones yeah but really thinks reason
things and I'm very early in on it I'm
not this is my six hours in impression
you know very very early notices what
does Edie gain heaviness cookie jar
ladyfingers since no more of a Dahmer
joke that wouldn't be lady fingers so
that's not a Dahmer joke I think I don't
think jeans did the cannibalism thing he
had like furniture and whatnot yeah I
don't think he he liked playing with
body parts I don't know that he was
eating them oh shit oh shit I pressed
the wrong button
yeah I don't think eating people is his
thing and Dahmer wouldn't have lady
fingers right he would have handsome boy
pictures and fingers
try getting momentum and jumping while
in the enclosed canal using the last
straightaway
once it Ed Gein said the police when
they arrested him
have a heart yeah it works that works so
we ever given any thought to streaming
on the upcoming date I have a thought
you ever thought I have a thought I
don't want I might see about it but not
after we're done screaming okay we
should probably announce it that's what
I have a thought that's why I have a
farm unit
Oh hold on wait muted again Oh God hey
everybody
so episode 7 was the best episode you
see clearly I just watched it right now
and it is clearly the best episode I'm
stealing her I'm stealing that from
somebody in chat who said we were
probably talking about episode 7 and I
feel bad but it was too good I had to
use it
DJ Damon I stole your joke
I'm a dick DJ Damon okay so I need to
throw my hat and then dive on it maybe
let me see if I can practice this over
here
how do I throw my hat and then dive on
it I got to practice this manoeuvre can
you do like a secondary jump after you
throw your hat like a regular jump no I
don't believe self no it's gonna be one
of those emotion control things as an
edit you can dive on it when you exit a
possession so can you throw the hat then
do you jump up once you leave the
possession throw the Hat and then jump
out of the body and then dive you can't
throw the hat when you're possessed
because I can I can I can n exit
possession yeah see lookin if I dive on
it I didn't do anything
spin spinning that's a good trick
spinning I can dive spinning is always a
good trick I dive you gotta be lined up
with the hat exactly I feel bad for the
squid
yeah the squid is having a bad day right
now just getting repossessed over and
over again see look at that I just
thought I'd ov and then that watch what
happens look at this yeah
first of all that's weird oh come on
Mario get it together obviously this is
Mario's fault and not my own what thank
you
he's trickier than it looks
just ignore the gold rings down there
and stay high in the corridor so you
don't waste juice on vertical climb
that's probably true
still need a little vertical climb here
can't you land for a bit and walk before
you jump and do it again ah hmm got
another moon why can't you land on the
purple stuff down there and just walk a
bit no the purple stuff is an instant
instant death an instant death but I got
it that's all that matters I got it yeah
I just needed to ignore those coins but
you want those coins lunch lunch yeah
even for Mario like maybe if it maybe if
it like was more realistic graphing but
graphics but it's more you don't think
it matters that much yeah I did it you
know this is a children's game right
Jackie yeah as fine everything's fine
there we go
I did it isn't that all that matters yes
the answer is yes
playing this made me realize how much
did ring there is on the switch how much
did ring sure so worth buying a switch
for this in Zelda Zelda
if you've held out now this long already
well you can just wait for the price of
the switch to come down here okay
this if you don't have a Wii U the
switch is worth zelda okay is what I'm
gonna say okay Zelda is a fucking
amazing game I keep forgetting you can
get Zelda on the Wii U right
I keep forgetting that if you do not
have a Wii U it is worth getting us
which for fucking Zelda alone and there
is enough other games on the switch now
to justify your purchase this I don't
know I'm not I'm not there yet
well I love Rabbids X come but I assume
most people don't give a fuck about that
hmm yeah I don't know I don't know how
popular that game was outside of me it
hit that it hit that rich Evans market
and if you also don't own a wii-u that's
right you can get Mario Kart 8 which is
fantastic stardew valley on mobile but
you might have that already on PC or on
Xbox one or on ps4 because it's on
fucking everything
it's like when the shadows and objects
is weird cube looking pattern them oh
that might have just bent like in this
game if I go in front of something they
do that that's not dithering that's just
like seeing through them but dithering
does look like that is where they kind
of approximate colors in order to save
space but you might be talking about
this when something gets in between
Mario and the camera it like makes it
more invisible is that what you meant by
dithering
I'm done
Oh
ah my knees oh my knees my old man knees
rich they're bent too much and now my
old man knees hurting I'm sorry rich
rich I'm sorry my knees nothing I can do
about your fucking knees rich my knees
my everything Jack I'm a little bit
older than you that's true I have more
pain yeah it's probably true put my
knees okay now is the point of the
stream in which we thank and all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this stream much like voodoo mama Ganza
and I last 1984 / s 429 fucking months
in a row
Amos L clay no one says thanks for
continuing to do this Jimmy Jam every
week whoop
Jimmy jams that's the thing was dead you
know what it's making a comeback it's
making a comeback future future J who
says happy two-month anniversary are we
going steady
you know what takes longer than a couple
months man bo bottom is dead for good
well there ever be a day when
bell-bottoms come back of course are you
sure about that of course they came back
once they'll come back again that was
the death gasp no it made a bay they
made a big comeback what are we now
we're like right now we're doing
eighties comeback right we're doing
high-waisted high-waisted tall butts
yeah well we moved on from the 70s yeah
on it's gone other things are going to
come back so what's its gonna take
another 20 30 years for bell-bottoms to
come back kids wearing flannel hoodies
will come back yeah before the bell
bottom does it's already happening rich
it's already funny they're already into
flannel what Jeany flannel and yoga
pants
Paisley Fontaine big fat man
873 for 19 months in a row Lucas Ducas
for 25 fucking months in a row
if visa says drunk jack during best of
the worst is best Jack glad I could
entertain I'm glad I could be your
drunken munkey Lucky Strikes
Gabe Lee Nicki hunter Crisis Core 14 I
think that's supposed to be Chris is
core crisis core 14 if you want you want
you want words to stand out not run
together into a mess you got to start
capitalizing some of them Creek odds
damn or score 12 10 who says best of the
worst was great again last week Jack
thanks for getting a drunk on screen
again keep up the great work
listen my liver can only handle that
every so often so I'm glad you enjoyed
it
I thought it you know what I thought it
was really funny episode no I was good I
was I was a little worried that the the
Weinstein jokes weren't gonna play they
played very well I was happy about that
yeah you're gonna be fine I knew it well
you know it's just you know it's one of
those like when we filmed it it was like
right as it was happening but then of
course took a couple weeks to edit so
like it had enough room to breathe for
me but now it's good the whole episode
episode was great jokes jokes can't get
too dark Jack it's no and it's my mind
it is my my always appropriate making
fun of assholes
captain tolerable the blue prism who
says yay
rusty Winchester budget Messiah for 17
months in a row who instructs us all to
do the Mario Hyuk nub purple drank brown
Adam Sandler says love you guys and
you're streaming goat
Nuuk I think that's go at nuke let's go
at newb Jack go at nuke you know
everything to crisis let's go add new go
at nuke Parliament Bab a tungee mono
plasma colossal nimble Universal
reckless 437 motherfucking months in a
row and wek list says I can't believe it
been over three years thank you for your
continuous entertainment out of
curiosity has there ever been a best of
the worst recording that got completely
thrown out in production or anything
similar I have a good one guys there's
one the notorious you know you don't say
this cuz I'm just gonna ask to sit if
they can never see it I know yeah
there's no other reason other vintage it
was just terrible like there was so bad
nothing was funny that was the problem
we want a we watch three movies and we
got nothing out of it we went through
and we knew it as soon as we were done
recalling the discussion we knew it
immediately liked this episode sucks
they tried editing something together
and it sucked so it's it's never seen
before you don't say anything don't say
anything
no Galax in the eye for 13 months in our
own
CAPITAL LETTERS guys Lucy did his nuts
to who see did s nuts right like there's
no way like there's no way this is a
word that makes these are words that
make sense
footage was destroyed in a fire chat
over there it's gone gone forever
Oh Tiberius cared for twenty six fuckin
months addresses Richard Jack I I know
it's too late to really discuss but what
would be your ideal new Star Trek series
within the realm of production
possibilities so no Nimoy alive again no
$100 mil a mil per app budgets that's
yeah that's not a good end of the street
question I mean just to answer as
quickly as possible
I am I am the the series I like the most
is next gen so something as close to
that optimism and exploration to next
gen as possible that's what I want
wasn't Voyager just kind of that only so
burnt-out it was awful yeah but
something well written I'm just I'm
saying though isn't that what went wrong
with Voyager because they were trying to
do the same thing but they just
overplayed it and I got burn out of
stale and know because Voyager was
promised v8 different things along with
that Voyager was trying to be TNG when
it should have been doing something a
little bit different a little bit
riskier wrong a little bit more daring
but see that was it it it trying to be
TNG wasn't the problem it was trying to
be TNG while also trying to be risky
while also trying to you know be a
survival thing but it's not really about
survival it was certainly a mistake if
you're just gonna go do ste ng style
stories it was a mistake does it have
your pilot B we're stranded on the other
side of the galaxy of course all these
crew they might not get along but then
they do and we're just gonna go on these
same adventures you've been watching for
eight years yeah that was a mistake -
right I'm not saying that I'm just
saying if you you're saying you want
more TNG but didn't they already burn
that formula no voy a Voyager could have
been a good adaptation they just they
just cocked it okay okay I want more I
want more exploration more wonder and
positivity where are we we are sir Deng
cthe of wail lady Denning for 23 months
in a row says happy Halloween everyone
hello Hoffy Halloween Halloween space
alien super cocaine for 18 months in a
row says speaking of spoilers changing
the film reactions because I didn't know
Peter Cushing was dead he looked like
they D aged him to me rather than
completely unbelievable
I just looked like completely
unbelievable to me and I guess I thought
it was a terrible effect even I'm even
sorry even if you thought they'd just D
aged him then wouldn't you go wow they
really made him look like a cartoon not
like a real person and that d aging
process that doesn't change any of my
feelings on Peter Cushing he looks like
a fucking cartoon true true enough no it
still looks bad yeah like even if it's
even if he's alive and just being the
off switch for 22 fucking months in a
row says the fact Richa is a normal guy
next to the cartoony jack is kind of
messing with my immersion in this stream
hahaha where is the internal logic with
rich and I are different people than we
are know the fat will of Mariano in this
comparison way do you wait no I'm
cartoony this is they're saying sure
maybe the cartoonish Mario one next to
you something you see they I think it's
the chat that gets confused because
sometimes I'm the normal one and you're
the cartoony one and sometimes you're
the kerreri you're the normal one and
I'm the cartooning okay so really the
chat needs to get it together busy we're
blaming the chat for everything that has
ever gone
wrong with any one of her stream it's
true that's true up to and including
being wrong about the stranger things
season 2 episode 7 which is quite
frankly amazing I mean cuz I watched it
during the little break there it's
really great I knew people hate that
episode it was a great episode
give me like give me like two days and
I'll be able to tell you Melek 47 my
chase gaming one says who has the best
lasagna in Milwaukee boys I know how I
know this you know yes I do I can tell
you okay give me one night you give me
one moment as I don't know the name of
it but I know where it is so I gotta
look it up on the maps okay there there
is legitimately a place in Milwaukee not
in the City of Milwaukee but in the
county area yeah in the Greater
Milwaukee area that has the best fucking
lasagna you will ever eat and if you
give me one moment I will be able to
find that for you where is it it's like
it's like here it's in West Allis I want
to say it's in West Allis search
that's it that's it right there Khepri
de novo oh this is it this is exactly
it's called Capri de novo CA PRI Capri
di n uo vo and it's on the corner of
Beloit and 84th they have the best
fucking lasagne I have ever eaten it
will ruin you
it is a lasagna that is like a brick of
cheese and sauce and meat and it's the
most delicious kept buried then wave oh
I love it is the best lasagna in
Milwaukee na ba ba ba ba ba la I'm a
more debatable Betty Boop be alright now
back to the thinking Cherie and mine
fecal drippings grandma turkin to says
for months okay hero Jen 6 for 14 months
in a row says the girlfriend and I loved
the way Jack says dickhead that is all
all right
zanko for 13 months in roses just had
the one chip challenge perky coralina
Reaper and my stomach and everything was
killing me you guys tried anything like
that I don't even know what the fuck
this is
it's a one chip challenge also just beat
Super Metroid Jack what's your favorite
Metroid and how the 3d one play the fan
one well that's like 18 questions they
managed to sneak in there and literally
the last four minutes the stream just
say yes yes no yes no yes mate okay
favourite Metro Super Metroid maybe
Metroid Fusion is pretty good 3d I
suppose it's alright I've been enjoying
it haven't finished it because it played
out the game's fan one no EMP corrupt
the vine says hi rich and Jack any plans
to see Justice League when it comes out
any interest at all I'll probably see it
for work my only interest in seeing the
movie is a purely academic interest
seeing what Joss Whedon has done with
the normal kind of dour blue depressing
Zack Snyder material there are two very
different pressures and it is it will be
fascinating to me to see if we can see
the difference so my only interest is
intellectual academic academic yes yeah
no I like that - that's funny let's see
here the blue review for 12 months in a
row got to keep that Mario up there got
a bird on his nose yeah he's got a burn
on his half who says a whole fucking
year I love this game and I'm glad to be
watching you hacks play on my 12 months
subbed keep up the amazing work and
here's to another year thank you thank
you and Jay Blake
Khanna kawase and how can we do this
wrong every time you've got this you've
got this rich what are we doing wrong
what do you mean what's the part we get
wrong where there's mispronunciation
that happens every time now for this one
this one's just know this oh this one's
El Pollo damn it by la diabla usually we
end up saying El Pollo but hello and I
guess I'm Paula once and it was still
supposedly wrong at Apollo maybe oh ho
ho yo that's what it is the Toyo Diablo
2 l's in Spanish is yes and boyo Diablo
Diablo 7 we remember it correctly just
13 months in row says hey guys thanks
for the good times did we remember it
and pull yeah pull yo boyo we did it
we got there eventually chat settle down
taco Fox for 13 months in a row
Smith e15 a horrible glories for 35
fucking months in a row and a horrible
glories says thank you and good night
Derek Lloyd as a slight buzzing capital
letters to differentiate different words
it's very important as light buzzes
English as light buzzing yes light
buzzing that's I'm saying your name now
you didn't capitalize shit I just looks
like a smear fucking letters I don't
know where one word begins in the next
ends as less light buzzing who says my
Leoben veggies 64 for 18 months in a row
and rectal wizardry
