Oct 8, 2017
Golf Story, Stardew Valley
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/180930263
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/181072303
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/181425765
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6mJTe8CXCA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN6QnFWiNYc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC0y5437NJI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/917089315087441921

[Part I]
my nemesis now you're now you're now
you're just fucking up you just fucking
with me now for sure it's like I was
like maybe percent sure earlier with the
Knights of the Old Republic now I'm know
I'm 100% sure hey rich
did you know ps4 is doing a remake of
Final Fantasy 7 comes out next year
x3 okay snowfall and animal kingdom are
two new TV series I like snowfall was
awesome alright not familiar with any of
those TV shows I don't know what an x3
is and I've no interest in a Final
Fantasy rebate I don't know great don't
know get out of golf store I do want to
check how many hours I have in golf
story doctor do an upside for me the
professional studio setting is what
separates your reviews from the 98% of
other YouTube reviews it brings in a
different dynamic and provides more
rewatch ability I hope it stays in some
way I've seen that point a couple times
in the cluster of genuinely hateful and
unhelpful comments I've seen that I have
you know you try to filter out like what
could be positive criticism just like
you know yeah help constructive
criticism hate versus constructive
criticism exactly and I get you know to
me
and you know this is something that we
dealt with here on the stream or it's
like seeing our faces does seem to help
people connect a little bit more whether
or not that's worth it in the long run
as far as actual like just production
time is concerned and you know whether
or not we figure out a new set we're
gonna experiment with this and see how
it turns out I think is the answer
absolutely
okay let's see here play activity golf
story thank you where does it tell you
how long you've played it tell you in
here see you like finding Isaac thirty
five hours but it says golf start first
played ten days ago but it doesn't give
me the hours but if for the other ones
that gives me hours I'm sorry
why doesn't give me hours in the Gulf
story I'm sorry that's weird right
Kim mixing 120 says yep in the cup head
review yeah you mentioned that a cup
head is like contra is this a good thing
or bad thing and why also when can you
reuse tried-and-true game mechanics and
when can't you thanks guys well we never
said you can like I don't recall ever
saying cup head was bad because it was
like contra there's more you're saying
than the mine that it was like contra
yeah I've never been a huge country guy
to me I would describe it more as like
Mega Man mixed with a bullet hell
that'd be how I would describe cup had
it come true well and like the the it's
like contra that's also a conceal a just
because contra is a nice short word it
is it's very much like contra that is
not necessarily a negative thing and I
think that's where a lot of people's
hate comes from is we got it's just like
contra it's just like contra they go oh
well then they must hate it well it's
like contra is a classic game there's no
hate there that part of the crew that
criticism just says like the gameplay
aspects to Cup head is nothing new that
is neither good nor bad yeah it's
nothing new and so when you criticize
this gameplay there's not a whole lot to
talk about
but if I were going to criticize and
like I said I still like the game
overall yeah the the the base of fact
that it's it's essentially just a boss
rush mode yeah it makes it feel half
done it feels like something's missing
with cuphead okay
it does yeah I I really enjoy I was
really expecting more of a Megaman
levels that lead to bosses and having
the platforming take more of a front
seat really then you know I was
expecting kind of like guacamelee you
know that was expecting something like
that we're platforming to a bigger role
but that's that being said like you know
as far as like the original question
it's like comparing it to Megaman good
bad otherwise that's just because
everyone got their panties all up their
buttholes about this game mm-hmm just
about the art and rich and I have always
been more of a game play centered like
you especially me especially you
especially switch out okay switch out
the cartoony style art for just like
gorgeous graph 3d graphics right and
everyone's just talking about how good
the game looks versus its gameplay it's
the same thing and so that's that's why
I feel like we had a harsher tone
because like gameplay why is that it's
fine it's perfectly acceptable but
everyone got got everything up the butts
oh shit I hit playing I didn't want to
hit play in I didn't want to hit no I
didn't want to hit play in the Tex Tex
Avery versus Max Fleischer Fleischer Max
Fleischer yeah all right I get it I get
it I reference the wrong specific
animator they were aping please please
could go on to dismiss everything I said
because of that right but also it does
have a Tex Avery style to it like that's
not incorrect
I just meant zanier as compared to like
Chuck Jones or something more modern
no we're cartoons are somewhat grounded
in some kind of reality that has rules
unlike back in the Golden Age we're
literally anything good fucking happen
at a cartoon and no one gave a shit
right right all I met what's happening
oh oh there we go okay can I say I don't
like those Fleischer cartoons that much
that kind of wacky Steamboat Willie
Erez style you can say that where's this
going just plugging into a thing uh you
know I'm just not that familiar with
them I guess to make any sort of comment
so that's where I am on
like when it comes to classic cartoons
and me Chuck Jones is the man he's the
man that's what most of us grew up on
absolutely let's see what oh can you
change it in chatty for me I changed it
incoming arty-farty kinda looks like it
into Crum looks a little arty-farty
we'll see what happens
no oh that's a good that's a good title
Moki blade ruiner two points for title
you want that done yeah I think that's
funny
what's opera doc is a masterpiece yes it
is yes it is
absolutely fun fun fact yeah
they skim some money away from the wily
coyote cartoons to do that oh yeah they
like this said they were spending more
on the wily coyote cartoons then they
were so they could have flayed the
budget of what's opera doc yeah because
more than what it actually says it was
was the wily coyote cartoons like the
more popular ones at the time it's just
I think what's opera doc would have been
like expensive to do so they said they
said what's opera doc cost a little bit
less than it there's Wiley coyote
cartoons ya know we're spending all that
money on those yeah they work so
interesting easy normal hard core or you
know easy normal hard hard core right
hard said that is what the developers
recommended I went normal yeah
I did like it how it said like this is
what the developers are recommending
though I would say that if that's what
you're recommending that to people
they're planning for idiots can I say
that's a that's a 3d character design
that you can and you would be correct to
say I really like the character design
so far you can say that and and you
would be correct in saying that yeah
there wasn't some kind of book I was
reading about animation greatest got
tuned of made that was I was like their
number one pick
interesting
you are in heaven you are here to kill
the boss they know you're here do what I
say if you want to live now let's test
out these controls
I updated chatty
it should say we're playing you want to
know it's been updated
rabbit and he prefer whether Percival
awesome other one of the Chuck Jones
classic season duck season trilogy sure
all my favorite Warner Brothers fictions
at all
right and you were ripping apart Chuck
Jones you really just said he made too
much sense yes which I thought was the
funniest line something something I
didn't realize why so I think it was uh
every frames of thinking about Chuck
Jones okay is is that what set him apart
was actually subtlety he didn't do the
outrageous blue cool their head would
come off and spin right it was a subtle
expression change like the job would and
everything else be you know the same but
just sure subtlety is what made Chuck
Jones Chuck Jones sure III change the
volume tell me business this is a better
volume
Oh actually you know what xsplit is
really good with perceived volume the
only problem with Percy involved is we
complete changed it in the other one and
now we now we're in this scene okay tell
me if this volume is better this current
volume is better still too loud
okay how's this volume how's this volume
Karen is good better did they just start
is this
vol good ok great xsplit like I said
does a really cool thing where every
scene can have its own unique volume
which is really great unfortunately we
fixed our volume for the other scene and
not in this one but now we're good now
we're good everything's good great
and talk to you stay back okay oh sorry
kill boss okay I got a - now what's the
- - with left button
bob says actually soap boxer versus jack
yeah thanks for recommending American
vandals
yeah finished it last night and it was
great I love you guys that's providing
sheets entertainment through all two
years you're welcome
oh man I'm very American fan dollars if
you are a fan of true crime
documentaries get your get your eyes on
American vandal a a wonderful take a
wonderful little parody or satire I
forget which is which because we went
through that last right there there's a
parody and there's a satire and whatever
it is it's a comedic take on the on the
true crime documentary American of
n'doul madam says who dressing up for
Halloween streamed this year yeah
Richard go is a minor league fan rich
you skipped your guaranteed annual
stream last year because of woman but
thanksgiving day stream is back right I
don't never recall saying these things
were guaranteed it was just something
you did
and nonnamous you can just go fuck
yourself I'm not even reading it just go
fuck yourself it's there our spooky
games plan for this month lane all this
bloody corpses spooky kill boss spooky
do I like meatloaf I have nothing
against meatloaf the singer there that's
that was gonna be my question we're
talking
we talking singer or food I'm okay with
both these singer and the food so this
is not a taster
so far so far I have a crowbar or a pipe
or something that I'm hitting people
with I assume I get a gun at some point
things they charge exciting
turn
all right I'm not digging the control
right now like hit is bumper and Dash's
bumper and I don't like bumpers being
made can you remap probably but I'm
still like you know I haven't learned
all the things yet yeah you might get a
gun and that's trigger right
sucking it up
what health check huh no one health oh I
have different abilities
hey what
I can't use different abilities when I
spoke
feridem 2772 last tip I got from you was
quite a while ago I was like you're the
start of the stream
I represent another one since its when
you were talking about but I I read the
one about the Advent troupe in XCOM 2
and another tip I have not
oh I feel like I have seen this game a
dozen times with different styles you
didn't say that about cuphead did you
great that was a great bike drop right
there mmm delicious I renamed hardcore
twin-stick shooters haven't we seen
enough sure the art style is very
striking motherfucker
you motherfuckers I'm Lee enough this
game is vaguely similar to come divers
by the way yes
okay we're going to check out Friday
13th that's right probably but
preferably not on Friday because we're
not all gonna be here madam says destiny
- sucks
oh I hate this this does not feel good
why what it's not feeling good I don't
know
the gameplay does not feel good like I I
don't I don't get it yet you can't be
specific not at the moment but I mean
like it might have something to do with
twin-stick controls on an isometric game
or it just doesn't quite feel right but
I don't know yeah I haven't got there
yet but I don't like it so far
okay okay then mosey - set - waypoints
can you pause while you're doing this
because I don't see how that's gonna do
you much good and combat
what would probably be better if you use
mouse and keyboard any twin-stick
usually feels pretty darn good with the
controller my friend could this be a
most game yes it could be contra mundis
even if even though you were too late to
vote it would not have made a difference
the vote was pretty clearly in favor of
ruiner oh yeah it was a runaway
it looks like hyper light drifter which
had great controls it did I can't I
can't speak from experience I have not
played this yeah I do like the hyper
light drifter yeah it's very possible
that this is just supposed to be a mouse
and keyboard but light like I said
usually at least any twin-stick shooter
is better with a with a controller and I
Nestor I still to get used to it
this is basically top down superhot if
you have time slow down powers that you
could just completely abuse so far no
that's hen slowed down for a second
thing it did but I had no control over
when times one doesn't I don't know it
could be it a quick down what I'm saying
is I did it I did it okay so it's the
left bumper okay so time slows down and
that's how you can do like the
okay okay I'm still not feeling it yet
but you know
which do you like the driving service I
don't hate them like I'm really racing
but as far as driving games I love me
some Grand Theft Auto driving and that's
pretty damn fun but I don't really play
much like like for me the one racing
like that not that I hate those type of
games usually not my first choice
the blue prism says have you guys ever
played cuphead Mario Raving Rabbids pub
G Friday the 13th
vanquish strafe Bayonetta breath of the
wild horizon zero dawn neo the Last
Guardian dishonor to or XCOM no we you
know what we've there's a lot of games
out there and there's a lot we need to
catch up on
anonymous size which I dedicated but his
two sons ps3 had a great online tactical
game SOCOM third person to team rounds
with different missions and real bullet
damage heavy tactics and coordination no
real pointing us okay not I've never
played it probably honestly I'm probably
not going to a ps2 game yeah having some
great games on the ps2 but we live in
this modern era of steam where I've got
them they'll just fall out of my ass wow
there's so many fucking hands I need to
play I'm probably never gonna play it
Feridun 2772 six cup head and Blade
Runner
20:49 seem to be catching the same
criticisms looks beautiful but is born
as someone who loved Blade Runner I can
say that as an okay thing to say as
they're definitely not for everyone
right I don't care what comes even
boring it's just standard I'm not is
that amazing they're okay boss but from
a pure gameplay standpoint ignoring all
art it is a perfectly acceptable game I
would I personally would say it is a
very good game yeah the controls are
tight the way the bosses Telegraph their
attacks makes you feel like you're in
control it's all up to you and your
reflexes how good you do in that game
right that's it I haven't felt any urge
to go back to it because we did the
review video right so i because it's
nothing new or special or unique and
sometimes you need that in the game your
gameplay - to justify you play
I suck I don't feel like I have a good
handle on this yet
yeah hey I'm getting there right
I played a little bit of true to legend
another night just cuz it felt like it
we don't watch brutal legend just a
little bit all right little bad taste
for can I have that urge to play cuphead
I chose to play a decade old game
instead
use your energy shield Jack I'm figuring
it out I like my - I'll say what I'm
sure my - isn't like the best thing -
you don't like it I'm figuring it out
it's gonna take me a little bit you know
I have taking a little bit to fit to
figure out the plot I think it said
something about trying the drip - you
guys maybe tried that how is blue legend
elevated by just the use of music and
likable characters dashing through them
didn't seem to do anything
overall I like brutal legend it doesn't
feel finished it feels like it's missing
a third act
yet I'm fond of it so
trying to dance through people
to do anything
I wish brutal edgy stayed an action game
the weird real-time strategy elements
just didn't work in my opinion well
that's that's the weird thing about Ruta
legend if they went all-in on one of
these things maybe it would have been
better received I don't know there's the
makings of a great hack and slash in
brutal legend
now says Jack how's the diet going I was
open to 21 you started
now I'm 205 nice thanks for the
inspiration
thanks going well I meant I'm at 195 as
of Saturday morning as you guys know my
way my diet works Saturday is my cheat
day so obviously now I'm up more because
I spent all Saturday eating garbage and
drinking beer so but I was at 195 which
so far this diet is concerned is my
lowest point so total is 12 pounds lost
still rocking you know just losing a
pound or two every week which i think is
normal and on track to meet my goal
which is very nice but you know one day
at a time you can fly attract wishes to
Jack ever plays the zombie mode on pub G
so it's fuckin zombie mode now no I
deleted it but is there a zombie mode
knows at an actual thing
that could be a new thing
yes when you're blonde you'd become a
zombie oh that could be fun you get to
control the zombie then you walk around
and just try to find out the flavor food
it's a mess up you can headshot and be
gone for good how does that work
doesn't seem like a zombie would last
long no but it gives you something else
to do other than just dying and starting
a new game
time 14 seconds left to do whatever it
was
we're gaining time skills
I think I'm understanding it more now
kill kill kill
robot are you being mind-controlled
what's going on I'm just curious I look
cool definitely missing the smash TV
personality Oh Super Smash TV why does
time slowed down sometimes when you
teleport if you if you hold down the
teleport button you can chain up to
three teleports so time slows down so
you can place your show so it's just
when you teleport yeah just when you hit
the left bumper which is your teleport
button but if you just like you have to
teleport when you do it can you just
slow down time and shoot you have to
teleport okay but if you just smack it
then you just teleport of which I find I
which I like more are you okay look
around
someone hacked your damn brain this is a
setup they sent you to assassinate the
boss of heaven I'm sure there's some
metaphors here that I'm missing rich
okay okay what do they need the brother
as a hostage if they've hacked your
brain nothing else can't they just hack
your brain you would think maybe they're
really bad hackers like shit this might
faceless kidnap his brother but then if
you're gonna kidnap his brother why hack
his brain in the first place it's it's
it seems like they're being redundant
just the sky you notice my wife and I
actually had a chance to sit down and
watch a movie the other night and made
the great decision to stream the big
sick yeah have you guys seen it
rom-com done right super cute and funny
heard of it Karen wants to see it but
I've not seen it with Karen we got it's
a great date movie it's I think well
more like the girlfriends in a coma yep
that's one and I think it's great I
highly recommend it
Kumail Nanjiani based off of his
real-life situation and and yeah it's
beautiful it's beautiful full of dark
humor him and Ray Romano and Holly
hunters in it and all about he meets a
girl and early on in their relationship
she gets put into a medically induced
coma and then he has to deal with her
family who's who he's never met and his
family who doesn't know that he's dating
a white woman all while she's in a coma
and so it's like a relationship drama
where half of the relationship can't are
there flashbacks no no no flashback like
we you know we see their relationship
growing like the movie starts at the
beginning of their relationship okay
okay but then like you know imagine like
having to deal with all of this personal
stuff about your girlfriend but your
girlfriend can't help you right right so
and you know it's early on in the
relationship how much does this person
mean to you who you know it's it's
really neat it's a really neat movie
that's his real girlfriend no it isn't
and he's married the the act the actress
in the movie is not his real girlfriend
yeah it's BAE's the story is true yes
it's based off of a real story that he
went through at the time but the actress
is not his girlfriend why is she in a
medically induced coma there was there
there was like some sort of infection
and the infection kept on spreading and
so too
slow it from spreading they had to put
her in a medically induced coma okay and
then you know so there the doctors are
trying to figure out what's wrong with
her it's adding a ton of pressure to him
right and and her parents and you know
he's never met her parents and oh it's
it's it's gorgeous
it's a gorgeous movie and it's full of
that like dark humor where sometimes
you're laughing only because the world
is falling around falling apart around
him and you just need something to laugh
at it's great she had a weird disease
that was featured on house I'm sure
someone else is saying lol @ on house
you know you know one house I'm sure
there were exaggerations here and there
but they used real diseases I'm sure
yeah like they they get you know that
they have a polished him Upton made him
all fancy Fame
Karen's favorite thing to do was to
watch house try and diagnose the problem
before house could and she was right a
lot of the time yeah you know like well
there was that one that one that one
that was actually like a really famous
headline with it was the oh the single
fathers kids were getting sick because
he was and you know no one could figure
out why the kids were sick and they kept
going through the house and like going
through like just to figure out what was
making him so sick and as it turns out
the father was taking some hormones in
order to help his sex life out but no
one knew that he was having sex life
because he was a single father and like
just by hugging his kids like his
hormones would like to rub off on them
and it affected them in a weird ways
like but yeah real life stories okay
okay I love house very formulaic but I
love it
oh sure this one of one of two things
you need to do with a movie or a TV show
or any kind of fiction you need to have
a a likeable protagonist who you want to
see succeed because they're they're
likeable or identifiable or an
interesting protagonist who isn't
necessarily likeable but they're
interesting sure yeah I need one of
these two things before I can get
invested agreed
so why I did not like the the premiere
of Star Trek discovery it's like like a
house is is basically the same story
every week like yeah no yeah and it is
it's very interesting and house is not
very likeable but it keeps you engaged
right and then you got a like a TV show
like psych did you ever watch the site
now I love that show not very
interesting same stuff every week yeah
not terribly interesting but damn it if
those characters weren't too lovable
most lovable motherfuckers you'd ever
run across I watched every single
episode of Psych and they're making a
psych movie I'm very excited about but
uh you knew what was going to happen
every week them but the characters were
so exciting look champ the first two
episodes of Star Trek Discovery look
like they're going to I haven't seen
anything past them the opener oh yeah
not on Sunday okay I haven't ever done
that yet so for all I know there are
good characters we hadn't met yet
because we haven't see I haven't seen
the real pilot I've seen the preamble to
a show that is likely not going to
resemble the actual show I was so dumb
all right um nama says you guys getting
in some classic Zombies Ate My Neighbors
for October because you should 111
characters left um gonna play the
fractured but whole no alright if you
run out of characters you don't have to
use them all that's true you can just
stop what you make your point
how do you like your steaks
well rare motherfucking rare
Bojack horseman is an asshole but he's a
compelling main character is likable or
interesting I think one of these
likeable they're interesting and every
once in a while you get magic where
they're both I'm talking about Colombo
most yo Peter Falk is both an
interesting and likable character a
likable character in interesting
situations yeah likable asshole or
interesting no likable or interesting
interesting can be an asshole but the
important part is interesting Michael
Byrne uh in Star Trek discovery is just
an asshole but she is not interesting
yet maybe that sounds like it'll be
helpful that's good wait now
what a bet this one ability why is
ability locked since you guys played
Friday the 13th how about playing
splatterhouse later this month it even
has a guy in a potato head mask with
chainsaw arms do it I did it okay I did
it
talk to rest him at the postdoc okay
candy for crows as hi guys hope all is
well I rich I recently saw the road 1
commentary and thought it was hilarious
also I wanted to recommend to beat cop
they picks our game which could show the
return of sunny thoughts hi baby
however hearing about beat cop and then
I didn't hear much else inside you know
I wasn't digging police quest 3 we kind
of gave up on that we did I think I
think I think we got to go to the Space
Quest - this is not gonna be that much
dialogue in that though that's gonna be
more on the puzzling end of things I'm
okay with that yeah
which one is divorced star trek
discovery is like star trek knits Game
of Thrones what's not to like
Star Trek is more than a setting can't
throw in some things that they don't
even look like Klingons you call them
Klingons there it's Star Trek
thematically Star Trek is a thing sure I
like that I like that what you're
talking about is really Game of Thrones
with Star Trek paint on it and as a Star
Trek fan but I haven't seen episodes
three and four yet so I'm done I'm done
veldt ample this is Jack you take back
the accusation that psych isn't
interesting as a doctor and a Shana
stats show interesting as fuck
okay so the for anyone who doesn't know
the premise of psych is that Shawn
Spencer pretends to be psychic in order
to get a job helping out his local
police department and he is not psychic
he is just very observant and a good
detective
really really and so like his father was
a cop and he's he's hyper observant and
he's a good he's like a just a good
detective
he has no superpowers and so he pretends
to be psychic guy I got that you said
suck I'm sinking of bones that show oh I
was thinking of an entirely different
show no but I think bones is interesting
okay that's another procedural but yeah
like it is what it is I like bones I'm
okay with bones no so it's like so it's
psych is like it's this so it's this
buddy cop comedy with with Shawn and Gus
having their psychic detective agency
right yeah what I mean by not
interesting no there's no defendant it's
not interesting it's a good show but
it's not going to challenge you mentally
it's it's a lovely show filled with
glorious characters and you're along for
the ride but it's not going to challenge
you mentally it's not gonna make you
think about something but it's a great
show that I love so that I guess that's
what I mean by not very interesting okay
I'm trying to think of another example
of a show that you just you just watch
because it's it's fun not challenging
Seinfeld I mean sure sure like you
wouldn't call Seinfeld an interesting
show right funny sure it's a very funny
show that's something you'd necessarily
call interesting but now that I said
like but you know I like friends dear
friends is it in case friends is not
interest friends is not interesting at
all but I like friends I'm okay with
friends I get like this is the thing is
a psyche is not going to challenge you
it is a great show that I enjoy watching
all of but it's not going to challenge
you okay I gotta go to the parking
garage
the girls berries the parking garage
doctor zero
the grim Panda says I finally watched a
movie that J highly recommended oh the
Black Codes daughter what a pile of crap
have you gotten conned into watching
something good like that
also STD is a garbage fire no one saw
that no one saw that coming don't care
don't care you've been conned into
watching anything that was utter shit
conned
they said conned I'd say Blade Runner
but nobody conned me into it well they
conned him by saying like oh it's a
classic you have two wives a classic
well I'm an old I'm an old man I was
child when that came out sure I'm trying
to I'm trying to think of something that
like everyone said was the best and I
watched it and I didn't much care for it
I'm sure there's something right
okay
which at saying Farscape for you I still
don't feel necessarily
can do that
how about this away
wasn't there another hyper observant
detective show that the detective was a
Canadian Mountie you what was that was
that shows I don't think it was a
procedural but there was like a cop show
it was like a buddy cop I was like just
a Chicago police detective and a Mountie
what was that called what was that call
Northern Exposure no no no that exposure
was the one with the doctor who goes to
Alaska that's right though due south due
south a running gag on psych is they Gus
and Shawn loved the show of the
Mentalist
do you remember the mental no the
Mentalist is another show in which
someone is hyper observant and pretends
to be a psychic that started airing like
three years after psych okay but it's
the exact same premise and so then psych
decided that their characters loved The
Mentalist and they bring it up all the
time which is why psych is the greatest
show ever that's that's kind of blatant
but they working off the premise like
that oh yeah yeah it's it was it was
crazy played female body
Farscape is Jax what was yours rich I
don't really have something for you
upside my head I'm sorry
you should be look I don't like so many
things
hahaha it's hard to keep track of which
of these things people have told me I
would like Bladerunner maybe nobody told
me I needed to watch Blade Runner though
there was one on my own I wanted to try
and watch and I didn't like it and then
some years later I tried to watch it
again I think and well a bit older now
yeah well governor I know I didn't like
it and then they get like a few years
after that number of years aired I like
well maybe now I'm ready and they fed
that the eighth director's cut has come
out maybe that's fixed they all of the
issue nope not for me but there was no
one that told me you're gonna love blade
though that never happened my trying and
failing to like Blade Runner is all on
me well like you know weren't you conned
in the sense of like just everyone told
you no cuz it wasn't that wasn't the
height that everyone told me nobody told
me there was no everyone told me wait I
can't like
sorry go ahead you know when you're in
high school and nobody gives a shit
about Blade Runner and I try to watch it
there's nobody conning me into watching
it it's like I'll give this a shot no I
don't like it
maybe in one of the cutscenes that I
skipped until me like a cowboy
dr. chug but mud and the Chad is saying
a fellow psych fan did you hear the sad
news about Timothy Omundson lassie and
why he won't be in the movie
oh yeah what happened he'd have cancer
or something oh no no he has like
muscular dystrophy or something and like
he just can't like it and you know he
was he was an actor in all the seasons
and now he like just can't stand up or
something yeah and she's like major
character what one of the like not the
two leads but we know someone who's in
it yeah so absolutely
and yeah so it has you know I don't know
generative disease or you know yeah he
has a medical condition to where he
cannot participate few people saw him
stroke that oh I'm sorry you know it's
it's tough to hear cuz yeah he would he
was a fun part of the show and hopefully
they'll find some way to include him
I can't teleport for some reason it's
very upsetting to me I can play a
character who has had a stroke it's
character could have had a stroke I know
but and though the character who's
pretending a psychic can pretend to be
reading his mind to say what he's
thinking if you want to get if you want
to get dark Oh
the sad part is he probably doesn't want
to be on camera right right
that is so evil rich not not if
everybody involved is consenting yeah
that's just dark humor that could be a
way to do it
shit whoops did you ever watch Walker
Texas Ranger no but my dad fucking loved
it oh yeah oh he loved Texas Ranger
Oh Munson actually will be in the film
they just rewrote the script for hammy
it wasn't a big stroke apparently oh
good that's great news that is fantastic
apparently when choosing skill points I
needed to reach choose teleport that's
not one of my base abilities a teleport
I assume can you explain what about
American Beauty hasn't aged well aside
from the gay stuff lol did you say
American Beauty has not aged well I have
not said this either people just sue we
send things we've never said Jack that's
weird I mean I'm trying to even think of
an argument for why my beauty wouldn't
pay it might be in in the age of cell
phone cameras it might be tough for
people to watch him with like a VHS
recorder did you know we both did not
recommend Metal Gear Solid 5 also here's
another thing rich we hated cuphead all
aspects from half in the bag I was on
like one episode of half of the bag and
we didn't talk about American be well
rlm is a hive mind if Mike and Jaso in
the bag that's what it is also
attributable to us for some reason I
think American beauties a fine movie a
little I'll put it in the category of
schmaltz but I add me being a fan of
schmaltz I'm gonna be okay with it
no one I think even the gay stuff in the
movie still works well to this day
it's a great character moment but so
yeah I don't know where you got that in
your brain that we said that but we've
rich do you have any controversial
thoughts on American Beauty apparently
was the champ talking amongst themselves
okay all right
hope Alex in the eye sighs I'm curious
instantly lots of the Star Wars special
editions at the time they came out I've
time to come out it was just nice to be
able to see them on the big screen again
and I viewed the added special effects
I just meet little extras I didn't know
they're gonna do the whole Greedo shot
first thing but I'm okay with them I
don't I didn't end time I didn't think
they were just going to flat-out replace
the original versions
ha ha ha shape change major things but
hey good snip fire at the big screen
yeah that was nice yeah
which at what point have someone did you
say uh-oh
this is awful rumble time qui-gon met
baby Anakin
that's when you knew it was going to be
awful well though well jar drivers
before that food but it was here
redeemable once you get to the extended
warranty consents handling with a side
character who you knew was going to die
and an annoying kid version of a
different character
that Jar Jar was annoying but it was
irredeemable once you get the Tatooine
right Obi Wan's hanging out the ship and
we don't see Indiana Mike he's he's
gonna spend the next two movies with why
is he on the ship doing nothing why is
this man who is clearly going to die the
focus of everything what are they doing
and what do they do why are they doing
it
sucking rich
and very much second
every one of the Star Wars just follows
the lightsabers not characters let's
that's always been the case hasn't it
I didn't learn that until around the
time like attack clothes at some point
it became obvious to me that that's all
the fans care about is the lightsabers
light saber Oh light faber rich
wondering if your polygon is
controversial statement was based on
anything beyond Nick Robinson being a
creep Oh polygon fired him once they
found out about the SEC I it I don't
care anything about your whole gamergate
and SJW politics and that all feeds in
the back that's why I said that I get
away go away go away I want to hear
about it go away
so how about the Google clipper Campbell
he says sorry and I was paying attention
I couldn't I wasn't there for for uh for
a quick change yeah that's stupid ask
camera looks stupid right am i right
leftover beefcakes joke not mine
leftover beefcake being on top of it
I had my fuckin thing up
are there wireless gaming keyboards are
the best ones alright there are probably
gaming lands peepers the best ones are
still probably wired the same goes for
mice
I don't think I did find a gaming
keyboard is important because I would
find a gaming mouse right I don't I
don't necessarily understand the benefit
to a gaming keyboard
I would assume any keyboard as long as
you're comfortable with feel of the keys
is good enough right
this time Lucas says watch Return of the
Jedi on TNT
give me dinner we want fun but then when
the Emperor is killing dude they edit
invader going
no no that's variety as Vader kills the
effort really pissed me off
you got it you gotta track down the
original this is the thing especially
Jedi this is Jenna the most butchered
because because like not only do we get
Vader's no we get hate and Christians
and as Vader and and you get the song oh
oh forgot about that yeah I'm gonna jump
in friend account clearly a CG I've got
to because I look like a K mod with tex
avery short and then remember like the
little backup singer go like like hit
with his little rap solo he gets a rap
verse i zico zico wah go to who's oh
whoa Steve I know dude yes and the
change final music yes like like a new
hope you have a reader shot first is
terrible I don't I'm not I'm not I'm not
that bothered by the additional Java
scene it could have been done better
okay you know what
that's pretty badly step something to
tell you can get rid of that yeah yeah
no no new hopes pretty awful it's
clearly like the way that they animated
him to step over the tail I don't mind
the idea of that scene but the execution
is so fucking horrible right alright why
didn't they instead of having an actual
job Oh with a tail that Han Solo had to
step over instead of doing that why
wasn't there a little floating droid
that had a holographic image of Jabbar
coming out the top of it that Harrison
Ford could walk around because you've
seen the original scene right yeah
there's a guy standing there there's a
guy standing here are you telling me
what CGI that couldn't do something
about that especially when it's hidden
behind a blurry Jabba hologram well so
that's the
is what's more work is to paint because
like there you're rebuilding entire
backgrounds digitally mm-hmm and so
you'd have to rebuild backgrounds other
characters camera movements digitally
you would have the blurry hologram in
front but you know right would that work
or is it easier to do two seconds of him
stepping over which it looks terrible oh
it looks absolutely terrible and they
should not have used that scene for that
one reason of course of course all right
now I get my - that's what I wanted and
I got a rich
right I have never seen black you've
never seen black me I've never seen
black one you should see black camel
very good
think I'm get
I'd say right before that
her go he wants current noise to scare
the sound people off no oh wait I have
it's not what it is
did they change it they changed a lot of
weird bizarre things that they didn't
sure we're saying Empire is the least
butchered
yeah but they did show the whomp up and
like before you didn't see how to cut
your arm off see very little of it they
entered in like a guy in a costume
standing sitting there off the side like
eating something was that added that was
added the only thing you see in I think
there is just like the flash of his face
when he swats at Luke that's all you
ever really see other than like a
severed arm okay you know what another
point against Jedi is the Sarlacc
Jonah's probably possibly the worst
that's what I'm saying I like the
remember they added the beak of the
Sarlacc that awful-looking beak mm-hmm
that was terrible Cloud City looks
completely different yeah but I don't
necessarily know that the special
edition Cloud City looks terrible Oh
actually you know what I think a lot of
that looks really good because they
actually made windows that's pretty much
all they did right they just added
windows yeah and then like they actually
made it look like a city built on the
clouds had real windows in it yeah which
is actually a very good thing I might
actually like the Cloud City editions
yeah yeah I'm totally with you there
that was a good addition he did a very
similar thing if you guys have ever seen
oh fuck what was what's the name of hit
the first his first movie that he made
it from his shorts see oh fuck what's
the name of that what was the name of
his first movie sci fi movie about the
the people in the underground techno
city thx thank you wow wow I can't
believe I fucked that up if you if you
watch the original edition and the
special edition of thx yeah they did a
very similar thing where they
digitized some windows to make it so you
can see the whole underground city
that's weird because nobody cares about
thx oh yeah that's interesting as like
this is Lucas's first thing that's the
only reason that's interesting and so
that's a weird movie to make changes on
to me and he made a couple other weird
changes he added digital lizards so like
that makes no fucking sense
but thx by the way if you guys haven't
seen that put that on your list hey
that's a really quality movie thx thx
1-1 3-8 thank you war on god I don't
remember that well it's really good I'm
not saying it's bad I'm saying it's a
weird movie to take and do special and
do a special edition style or added
effects to what's really fun about it is
the special editions he added to it were
really restrained and made a lot of
sense except for the lizard but it's so
like you could see him what being like
you know what I really wanted to do was
show bits of this underground city we
just didn't have the budget for it so
now we can do that unlike unlike his
other special editions there was that
made a lot of sense
this time it's lupus so my weight my red
though I'm caught up
no shit
how you feel about the time my name is I
just get the soundtrack with you fucking
killer you know it's alright I'm getting
it now I'm uh element Lee I feel like
I'm understanding it now right and now
that I have all of my you know it does a
it did a thing where it was it was
giving me powers to show me what they
did but then it took some of them away
and I wasn't necessarily paying
attention to which ones they took away
so I was really confused a little bit
ago okay I don't while it's a game full
of style it's a style I don't
necessarily with everything you know I
all of the illustrations look really
cool but I don't think they translate
well into the actual one that's that's
patently false
we've talked about this lot we first
started playing her yeah and secondly
that's that's every game we play welcome
to free rep you guys just want to ask me
what I think about Star Trek or Star
Wars that's what happens you you you
don't care about the game it's you let
none of this you know no you don't give
a shit about this
hey Jeff hi mr. glitch should you get
that n64 controller I said oh I did it
looks awesome doesn't work I have not
tested it out yet I'll be honest but yes
it looks awesome I'm really excited to
play it uh mister glitch sent me a n64
controller with a game huge thump and
GameCube oh yeah yeah GameCube thumb pad
it was a great thumb pad and six four
thumb pad not the greatest I'm super
excited about it thank you I haven't got
a chance to play around the video yet
what is wrong with the n64 comes to
remember it's like it's this hard
plastic it feels terrible the only weird
thing about me is that just the
placement makes absolutely no sense of
what the n64 I'm sick well listen that's
what they have
sucking this time but I feel like I'm
understanding him candy frozen anyone
wants to see a great documentary at the
Lucas's descent into madness Turing
original trilogy
all you guys sorry watch SF degrees
video called hero's journey and the
sequel shadows to home it's very tight
that's that's the breeze it makes great
videos I can comment on that heat I said
to breeze his the one that did that
excellent series all on the comic book
industry yeah said a lot star Ken oh
yeah he makes he makes great videos in
general so I would believe that if you
want to watch like lucid Lucas's descent
into madness
I'm the special-edition DVDs the fourth
disc is nothing but a documentary about
lucas from college to present-day just
going through his entire career and it's
incredible is fucked up
captain Scott Bakula says Jack yeah time
and time again yeah you've slandered my
favorite comic the Fantastic Four yes
yes I have absolutely the four have been
my fav since I was a kid thank you okay
so at least somebody loves them yes
I'm sure a lot of people do absolutely
anyway thank you both for context I have
nothing against the fantastic I know you
like them I I do slander them I do and
I'm not you know that's just my feelings
on the Fantastic Four if you like them I
think that's great for Marvel's first
family that's that is true
something a sea of the chat is saying
fantastic Bohr kind of how I feel about
him but you know that's just me they
have one of the best villains ever
Doctor Doom that's true you know what I
will give mad respect to Doctor Doom
they're like he's got a whole thing he
has his own country like the UN needs to
treat him as a sovereign government like
yeah there is paperwork involved with
fighting dr. doom and I dig that and I
you know but you know like the other
thing about me is I'm not super into
space stuff in comic books and the
Fantastic Four goes into a lot of space
stuff really weird alternate universe
shit though mostly it's weird the
Fantastic Four's weird science
exploration at heart and it's very
possible I just having a read enough of
it but you know invented a machine that
will shrink us down and we could explore
this molecule which when you get down to
that small molecules like it's own
planet she ordered Adventure Bay
that's Fantastic Four
my sword
that bastards took away my cool sword
Markway 2004 Fantastic Four's
storyline the goods Reed Richards
attempts to take over Latvia and turn it
into a Western democracy rule that run
was delayed assuming it didn't work then
let virions love their dr. doom
anyone want to bet money on butter the
final boss of this game is just some
fucking guy in a suit / a larger version
of regular enemy the here's my mic my
biggest complaint with the game so far
is the visual presentation is super
muddled while like this image alone is
is okay and you know the close-up of
your character like the when that when
they show your character close up and
you see that cool mask is a really
striking visual during gameplay none of
the cool visuals come across and it's
muddled despair that is my that is my
feelings right now do guys arms you see
like do him in his goofy gauntlets
shoots out energy blasts that might be
too much might be just too much he talks
about himself in the third person
you get dialogue he's she's trying to
take the energy of hell for himself oh
for Latvia I now want to see a doctor
doom doom mod thank you
I'm okay with this
you know how's the mic dr. Jones of
original motivations he's trying to
rescue his mother's soul from the home
the mother made some kind of deal with
Mickey stuff okay so his whole deal was
he wanted to rescue her soul
I'm trying to remember what she sold
herself
it could have been so her son would have
been I I read that urea as Latvia
because that's how they wrote it in the
message I know it's that very out I'm
fond of the Fantastic Four I was reading
the comment as it was written
they say I know about the comic Ruth dr.
doom teamed up with dr. strange the rest
of his mother saw I know they resolve
that fun
I'm enjoying dr. doom in Squirrel Girl
Squirrel Girl has had to take on some
doctor dude yeah
Squirrel Girl famously people it's where
the running joke of squirrel world
defeating me in saintly powerful
villains comes from yeah
listen she defeated Galactus doesn't in
this world Australia that that Steve
Ditko did he insist heroes had the
triumph of an evil in the end and so she
beats Doctor Doom with an army of
squirrels
this dr. doom is a confident statesman
who is well liked by his citizens yes
that's like that's what makes him a very
good bad guy and I have definitely I've
conceded that they do have a great bill
I just heard jack I wanna preface my tip
I have a Sony Handycam and it's my job
to help film something I didn't get all
of that but is there a tip about making
making videos what is there a tip about
making videos
yeah I'll get to it okay no I was I I
just saw some of the chat saying I want
to preface my tip by saying I have a
Sony Handycam it's my job to help
students do something wrong
commits you in 120 yeah saying Jack we
had a question for you when would you
use a Sony Handycam for a professional
video also rich you think Mike feels
obligated to like Star Trek discovery
Mike can like what he wants you like
Star Trek discovery that's a good I'm
like I I don't think you could say mike
is incapable of being critical because
he does like Star Wars and he is able to
shit on Star Wars so yeah handycam
question when is it appropriate to use a
sony handycam in a professional video is
that the question mm-hm when when would
you use a sony handycam for a
professional video if that's what I had
that's all I would do it depends on what
kind of video you're making and I know
you get like mixing I like I saw part of
your of your chat I'm gonna pause here
for a second and just watch your watch
the chat for a second in case you
clarify that a little bit if it's a if
it's a nice camera sony handycam could
be a very nice camera it would be
perfect for exterior shots kind of like
wide shots where you don't and
necessarily need a super pronounced
depth of field I'm I'm seeing if you if
you clarify anymore if the only camera
you have is the Sony Handycam then
that's what you have to use
oh here it is I have three cameras a
fork a a shoulder mount Sony HD cam and
a handy cam then you use your other
camera you III I guess I just don't
understand the question
use your Sony hint give your Sony
Handycam to someone else to do
behind-the-scenes footage and then use
your nicer cameras to shoot the
commercial how about that
it all depends on what people are
looking for on what the project is there
are so many variables here use your best
camera as often as possible I don't know
if that's aI don't know if that's what
you're going for here I don't understand
thank you there are just so many things
I don't understand you're saying dog use
the best camera you have right yes
use the best camera you have all the
time like all the time and if you're if
you're thinking to yourself like oh but
I couldn't like I could make the shoot
shorter if I shot simultaneously with
two cameras don't use your best camera
all what if for a shot you need to lower
your camera until I've got into the
sewer
you need to dip it in the sewage waste
then find a way not to do that okay you
dip in your camera into sewage waste
then use your sony handycam
but then the disparage the the disparate
quality in your footage going from your
4k v or sony handycam is going to be the
noticeable okay okay
that's what I'm looking for because I'm
not sure why my faculty has a sony
handycams it because it doesn't seem
like a professional-grade camera right
like no and like I said if the the great
thing about that is you give that to
someone else and then they can shoot
behind-the-scenes footage and then you
get to videos for the price of one or if
you're just making you know dopey web
comment content rich oh that was do you
explain what the dumb thing is I'm very
confused right now one of my one of my
super deuce is to convert energy into
health yeah which I feel would be really
powerful except for I accidentally okay
but it's okay because there's one time
you well I guess I could have stopped it
because I didn't know
okay that's alright I figured it out I
figured about this time with lupus says
story idea
the Fantastic Four gets shrunk down lead
a civilization built in a molecule which
is not a flower that gets picked up by
an elephant named Horton who can't
convince anyone he's not crazy we get it
we get it
it's great book
and Courtney here's a su whoo better
that's better that's it that's better
horton hears this can't see her yeah see
the fun thing about that would be like
let's say he discovers an entire
civilization that's that's on a molecule
on a flower like the ethical dilemma
that would arise from that knowing that
you would murder
how many conscious beings every time a
flower is stepped on yeah it's a chorus
for me yeah see you can understand but
that would be cool
that'd be it neat that'd be a neat
premise
hi
I agree the compliment
absolutely they more the sub-mariner I'm
not a hundred percent sure which one
actually came first though that's the
question I I want to save name working
or name or came first sub man yeah all
right that's my belief but man I could
do doesn't matter doesn't matter okay so
by the way this is what I want to say
like this little illustration right here
that's gorgeous
yeah but that art doesn't translate well
to the gameplay look like that is a cool
image and I would love to be fighting
that guy but when I'm fighting I don't
see that yeah no okay but that's really
cool
are you going to get a Justice League
spoilers screams that's conversation
wife it's not even it's not even out yet
you know what I'm gonna see it
you know we hated the other movie right
like like hated it but I'll probably I
ever probably literally only we'll watch
that if I am asked to be on behalf in
the back yeah
and at that point you'll hear what I
think I'm happy
rich wonder woman was okay okay I didn't
love it I did that gets me really
excited for Wonder Woman - it is very
nice the DC finally managed to make a
movie that wasn't for sure
yep no like we should all be really
excited for a Wonder Woman - yeah but
but like Justice League looks like an
utter clusterfuck you're gonna go right
with Wonder Woman in the sixties I don't
know that where you go I don't know what
this what do you go that's a great boy
what do you go over Wonder Woman -
anywhere they want to go they made a
good movie like it got him figure it out
another woman to the next World War oh
maybe maybe but that was like this chick
with the first movie you didn't want to
retread they could do this whole women's
lib then set at the 60s as a backdrop
new to whatever else is going on yeah I
can work
the best thing about Wonder Woman is how
salty it made James account what was the
deal with this James Cameron is upset
about Wonder Woman because in James
Cameron's words Wonder Woman was pretty
and therefore not not fence you can't
you can't be both pretty and feminine
that's a weird complaint but what a made
sense to me is him being upset about him
being heralded as women actually when he
did that shit thirty years ago aliens
and Terminator 2 well technically like
you know so yes but many people would
argue and this is not my argument yeah
but many people would argue that as far
as Terminator 2 is concerned that's a
very masculine idea of of a woman and so
and I think the other part of it is that
it's also a female director and so it's
a female director and a female hero it's
a different sign of femininity but yeah
James Cameron got a sticking way up his
ass it probably has to do with the fact
that he had a female hero and like no
one cared and now people care
that's absolutely where it come from now
they care and they're pretending it
hasn't happened before
Richard financed movie the two the two
insanely popular movies that had strong
female protagonist I'm annoyed I don't
think anyone's pretending that it hasn't
happened before but they're just saying
it doesn't happen too often I don't
think anyone like forgets that
Terminator 2 is a movie
Channel eight five says I just saw the
trailer for the Justice League movie
yeah I am not too hopeful of this movie
due to a bunch of action explosion
flying Aquaman excetera
yeah I recommend everyone see it free I
don't recommend stealing it if you know
you don't think it's gonna be good just
don't watch it if they don't see it and
you know if you're not if you're not
part of the conversation and you you
don't contribute to the hype and that's
even better let's just drop today right
I heard about that I've not been able to
watch the Justice League trailer yes it
just dropped today and much to the
surprise of everyone like people were
like Wonder Woman smiled in the trailer
when people were telling jokes and it
seemed to make sense it was a whole
thing rich
it was a whole thing and I mean still it
still looks like art it still looks like
garbage I just don't think I don't think
Joss Whedon is going to be able to fix
enough
you know I still have a lot to get used
to as far as the gameplay is concerned
but I definitely like I don't feel in
control even when I win it doesn't feel
like I know guys would be a complaint of
mine I feel like I'm stumbling but also
it like I'm very new with the game still
so so I'm not blaming the game for that
I want everyone to know
right thank you
sure that's a joke but also that might
not be a joke
yeah I'm sorry
I am absolutely sucking what's new yeah
News
and you know
thank you don't quite get it
don't quite get it yet
it's gonna be some agility of skeleton
for sure that's good
there's a sore left right a pipe right
now it's a pipe I had at one point a
club sword a sword and I don't know I
would want myself I want my sword back
as I liked my sword that's a great
question
and I don't know why he can kill me so
easily but it probably has something to
do with something I don't know it's
probably I mean yeah I just don't
understand a lot of what's happening in
the game yet I don't blame the game 577
saying the sword left because it was
bored with this game that's that that's
very possible
are you bored started six I think you
should this is boring me oh great oh
good I'm so glad you said that because
like it's boring to rock out of me
I'm just I'm like all I got is the chat
and they got nothing
they got absolutely nothing Wow way to
go chat that's what you're supposed to
be here for
this looks like this looks like less
good hyper light drifter with you know
more confusing visuals
yeah the visuals are very
I think I did it okay great I'm on that
one
great
yeah
grinder
some say hyper light drifter - fun yeah
the controls don't look as tight
looks like we're confusing mess it feels
it feels muddled the visual presentation
is muddled everything about this game is
very muddled yes Model Model Model Model
Richard five peanuts at a baseball game
is it okay to throw your shells and the
stadium floor I went to a minor league
game last summer I was not sure what to
do you shouldn't eat peanuts so it's not
been an issue for me I usually when I
when I go to the ballgame I will bring
my trash out and throw it a garbage can
we'll just leave it lying there and the
peanuts are messy though I don't know
it's probably okay
like when cracking open a peanut if
schmutz falls it falls right right but I
say you should have a dedicate an empty
cup at the concession stand for your
shells
it probably they probably expect people
to leave their shells lying on the
ground and I'm sure there are people who
get paid to clean up the stadium
afterwards regardless of whether or not
you left shells or not because someone
else almost certainly did
sure I like don't feel bad about
dropping shells but I don't think you
should intentionally drive shells okay
you know what to put the peanut sweepers
out of work people have deadly peanut
allergies they still allow peanuts
baseball like this baseball game you hit
with a fucking ball and died fucking
line drive right to your face right
fucking right I was at a minor league
game essentially I was like it was like
the championship game was like a big
deal okay and the team they're big
they're big Slugger they're home run
hitter yeah huge guy huge huge fucking
guy built like a built like a linebacker
he was all just upper mast fucking giant
and he he hit line drive foul right into
the stands had some old lady right in
the head she dropped and this big strong
confident guy just suddenly turned her
to look like how a like you could tell
he was thinking oh god I just killed
somebody right I heard she was okay but
it was just watching watching the just
this guy who looked like he could chew
lead just okay and get this crumble gets
crumble yeah beautiful cuz he thought
he'd hurt somebody I think that's great
I think that's great oh we should you
know

[Part II]
good now great all right all right great
that's weird so something that I talked
about at the beginning of scream if you
weren't here for that part during our
review of this I know I kind of had very
middling field yes a lot started Valley
and rich made I think an excellent point
which is you need to have a goal in this
game and if you don't it's gonna feel
like boring work but because I have a
goal in mind now I am super into it I
have my farm my roasters farm as you see
and the switch that has some bugs
yeah of stardew valley the game is
fucking allowed okay I'll fix that alone
I will fix that I'm so weird saying the
switch controllers yeah what's the goal
Jack's goal is to have a coffee farm
that's nothing but coffee yes absolutely
nothing but coffee beans that is what
I'm trying to grow even gonna bother
with a wife huh even gonna bother with a
wife oh yeah we never we never got
married really never got married okay
turn the phone down tell me if this
volume is is better now yeah we're gonna
we're gonna marry penny like I got
really close to marriage and then I kind
of like fell off after the rain but uh
let me know if this sound is okay yes
good volume okay great
seems to be good all right great
so you know here's that here's a really
weird thing with the controls it has
this option to use controller style
menus right yeah so if you click that on
which I'll do right now and then you go
over here to your crafting menu hmm then
you just you know click on stuff but
here like the problem is for some things
I'm not gonna get the bug now there are
some things that you are at least when I
just had a couple rows there were some
things that I couldn't click on when I
had controller styling mousse on and it
was really frustrating because there are
certain things that you just couldn't
craft oh but actually it looks like the
bug is fixed now that I have more than
one row so I'm gonna keep the controller
salmon mousse on but before I couldn't
before I could not oh that was a while
ago and and I found you know they had a
thread about it on one of their forums
so if you see here you know I'm getting
them I have some good hearts with penny
just I'm concentrating on penny
with a minor and Abigail because I might
get Jody's above her mom's not even
emerged and I know but so like well I
made a mistake with Abigail I gave her
something that I thought was on her
favorite list but she didn't like so
like I stuck her step back with Abigail
I wasn't paying attention for purple
rocks purple the Atkins amethyst
amethyst is what she likes but so like
pennies my major
Abigail's my minor cuz I might change my
mind but oh that penny penny its
sunflower that's that's that bitch penny
likes poppies poppies yeah penny like
penny likes puppies
all right let's see where I am lady just
likes anything you find on the ground
outside she's really easy as far as
gifting goes Leia that or salad from the
bar is like even better yeah that's just
cheap it's cheap cheap gives all year
round
oh that's right my watering can is
that's biscuit so I've never actually
seen the river look fun this is
interesting to me I don't have a ton of
stuff right now and I gave my watering
bucket my watering bucket is getting
upgraded now yeah but like look at look
at the river from there's just water
everywhere it's glorious one of them
farms is like a monster farm there's
monsters can wander around really yeah
yeah yeah so I'm pretty excited about
this I have most of the area clear what
am I gonna do today rich today what do
you need to do well I don't have my
watering can you know what I think let's
go to the mines let's go to the mines
today I think you need to figure out
what you need to do to unlock your
greenhouse right well I need so like
there are two important things for me
right now and even money yes to buy the
coffee seeds because they're expensive
well the usually other option with the
coffee seeds they're expensive yeah but
when you grow them they make more seeds
right you just need one exactly we just
need one so I won coffee being in like a
greenhouse you got that coffee going all
year just keep growing more and more to
your greenhouses for coffee say what is
um honestly like here's the thing yeah
so here here's a bug in the menu I can't
get to the tree which one's the tree the
tree is to see what the critters need
you know oh wait wait wait
go to the top menu go keep going right
nope no so there's the bug is there a
like storm luck it's luck again to get
there - or whatever the fuck it is there
we go
it's not only from this menu okay so the
pantry reward is the green house there
might be a way to get it through jojomo
sure what you're getting is money like
the pantry this is not easy like what do
you let's see what you need oh yeah I
only have a couple spring crops crops
that's easy enough see that that's easy
he's no bundle that might be hard I was
gonna say he's coffee part of the
artisinal but oh no what is that top
right that's that truffle oil
oh it's truffle oil you need you need a
barn for that or you need fruit trees
and fruit trees take a while to grow
they gotta you can't get a quality crop
fund oh that's easy
Jochem mark it might just be a simple X
amount of cash so then you lose the
community center
you have to choose shoes there's two
ways you can get the upgrades you either
do the the farm stuff the happy friendly
gears milks got the milks that you need
or you you give Jojo mark your money and
a midget like the cloud down the
community center it's gone it's not an
option anymore you get all the upgrades
but you get it by giving them money at
Joe Jamar oh really
really I don't I want that coffee for
well the question is how expensive is it
to get a green house and how quick can
you do it through Joe Joe Martin well on
today's Sunday yeah judge immerse open
on Sunday okay well you know what we
have to go do some exploring okay but
they won't be open yet so let's the
fucking fish I gotta put some candles
away here showed your marks evil no no
Piero at the general store is evil he's
a greedy bastard he's no saint
he's just smaller listen some of his
dialogue
he likes fleecing people that pierre had
the local greta local mark judges at
least up front about big dicks
oh wait did I have a golden count I have
one treasure chest
I've one chest that's just dedicated to
my golden drops okay and I already have
a gold that's great so I can sell this
all right now let's that wasn't a
truffle oil in the pantry list it was
jelly any kind of jelly roll
I think truffle oil is also in there I
thought that's what it's appointing
truffle oil was the one on the top left
right so maybe you were looking time
blow now you're looking top right when
you do we need to do is some Explorer we
need to do some research today so we're
gonna go to Jojo Mart and see how much
it is for a greenhouse but I also could
use some more iron so eventually we need
to go into the vines okay
you make a lot of money just with fish
oh god yeah rather than doing your crop
business oh are you kidding like I'll
show you I'll show you how am i leveling
up and show you where my fishing is
especially with this lake right next
yeah oh no I'm one of the first levels
you get to choose and fishing is whether
you make oh yes look at this look at my
fishing level compared to everything
fucking right right yeah that's to be
expected because you know there's water
right outside my house it's thirty five
thousand for the greenhouse from Georgia
mark that's it you could probably get
that far quicker than you can get the
bundle from the battery that's gonna
take you like a year because you need
some of those like the winter crops or
the one out the whatever the winter
foraging or whatever it is you know they
get the later seasons yeah but your tell
you're telling me as soon as I give Jojo
more money as soon as you get there card
I believe the community center instantly
even available I don't know they plow it
down I've never gone that route myself
but I know you closed that off you know
what that's just a decision I'm gonna
make Mike convert into a warehouse or
something for judgment Dirk yeah yeah
and here you know they replace it with a
warehouse yeah here's the thing as we
know the little spirits are real because
we've seen them could be hallucinating
what's my like is that just what I'm
gonna have to tell myself yes that's
what you're gonna know I saw it I was on
some drugs the wizard gave me drugs jack
yeah why do you think the community
center is in disrepair nobody uses it
the first fucking place
fucking climbed down and put any useful
warehouse so that the big shopping
market provides cheap goods for the
locals can use it for something
productive I mean you're right no those
those little apple spirit things no I
just hallucinating those I don't know
what you're talking about
here's what our plan is our plan is
we're gonna we're gonna go into this say
is this chest and get our bombs get our
field snacks get our slingshot
and we can put our whole away we
wouldn't need our whole we need our acts
actually you don't you know you know
what I'm gonna say this cuz if you go
it's like one or the other because if
you do that if you finish the community
stone yeah Joe Jamar closes people work
at the Jojo Mart nobody works in the
community center that'll put people on
you're putting people out of on the
street by completing the community and
if they're not if they're not working
that means they're not buying my
products as a farmer fucking Shane is
depressed enough as it is
what's he gonna do what he doesn't have
a job Shane is suicidal as it is Jack as
it is I need to close that community
center you're absolutely right rich it
would be cruel of me this is your game
you can do what you want this is a
permanent thing
yeah there's no going back
that's that if anyone else Joe and Dave
let us turn the old community center
into a Joe Joe warehouse isn't that
wonderful
not yet can you just give me prices you
can't give me price I need to be a
member in order for him to give me I
know you need a you need to get a
membership card then they close the
community center for good and so like
but all that stuff like removing the
crystal rocks they dough mining you can
buy that through the children you buy it
all through the Joe Jabbar I'm going to
the mines Oh what happened oh I almost
clicked yes I need to think about I need
to think about it you you I mean you
make some very strong arguments is what
I'm gonna say you make some really good
points but I don't know if I'm ready yet
to murder the happy little Apple spirits
did anyone else see the Apple spirits
the wizard the cool though the wizard
the wizard the kooky the cookie man who
lives in the silo hole and who gave me a
drug potion as well we need some iron
iron is what we are here for all the
shit we need to build takes iron I want
to build some crab traps I want to build
some I want to build a lot of shit to
get me money oh yeah it all takes
fucking iron-rich say something I run it
they said quick I can't I can't force
that that's true forces hey guys rich
watching old stream with you playing
starter and I saw that you had a baby
dinosaur how did you get him and what
you're awesome you ever get all the
legendary fish I've got long the
legendary fish they could be quite a
pain quite they're quite difficult some
of them I bet and the baby dinosaur like
I got it sometime in your one just
something you can randomly dig up I
forgot if it was in the mines or if it
was the you see those little sticking
out of the ground little wavy things
look like worms yeah it might have been
through one of those oh sure just a
random yeah it was either it was either
for that or breaking some kind of random
rocket of mine I forgot where I got it
specifically but you just dig up an old
egg and you can incubate the old egg and
it turns into a dinosaur yeah big iron
Oh
I haven't found woman on my current run
I don't know how where they are I'm
something they're fairly rare oh yeah
dinosaurs fucking dinosaurs rich get it
together man baby Dino is in treasure
chest fishing or artifact spot in the
mountains
okay so wiggly worm thing in the
mountains or fishing from a chest less
use a bombs they're all together I
always break those crystals I don't
think do getting me oh look at that Dan
iron I don't know that I ever had kill
those little guys too but sometimes you
get coal from them oh yeah schmoopy oh
fuck yeah this is this run just became
worth it open the door on the floor as
many as XCOM
that's the all-time leader yeah is XCOM
saved the community center
jax is not sure whether or not he wants
to tear down that eyesore yet we know
how rich feels I mean from from the
sound of it it sounds like it will it
would be significantly easier to achieve
my goals through Jojo probably more
expensive in the long run than the
number of food or whatever you need just
to unlock that but quicker yet yes
definitely quicker 35,000 is a good
harvest oh fuck yeah no but I mean
listen I can make that a few and like a
we go fishing you know the despry it's
black things yeah I've got it from them
before dropped coffee at a 2% rate mochi
b85 high Wreckers like but no matter
what it's a springtime plant so I either
need a greenhouse yeah or or wait till
next spring anyway yeah yeah it's a bit
late to start now oh yeah it was the
last day of spring yeah yeah oh you
don't have any growing now do you
nothing important okay cuz it's all
gonna die yeah mochi be a 5-time okay
okay stardew valley more immersive than
VR game or uncharted or whatever hacky
game masquerading as an immersive
experience you guys just talking about
it has me immersed in stardew valley
yeah i mean it's one of those things
where stardew valley does not draw you
in stardew valley forces you to draw
your self in and if you are willing let
you know like this whole back and forth
about choosing between Jochem art yeah
and the community center if someone just
looked at the paper they said oh it'll
be way faster to make the money but like
if you allow yourself to get into the
spirit of the game go oh but the happy
little sprites and the town folks will
have a nice community center for
themselves oh I gotta breathe if the
people lose their jobs at the Jojo Mart
it's unskilled employment so it's
healthy unemployment as they transition
to new jobs that need to be fulfilled
yeah
to me hey tell me really fucking easy
for you to say
tell me tell me fucking this in Pelican
town how many new businesses are open
right are you right are you telling
pennies alcoholic mom she's gonna become
a web developer what kind of internet
access we got in Pelican town zip all
right
this is the only job they have unskilled
labor is all they got whoo - defense
like that what am i blues give me now
now oh yeah we're switching to tundra
boots boots and then this ring this ring
it gives me a increased magnet power
link then I got a light ring little
makes it glow that's all it's 7:30
do I think I can make it another five
levels five well you know you want to go
every five I know I know I'm saying that
because I'm thinking right I'm gonna I'm
gonna call it and just go do some
fishing
okay
I'm gonna go do some fishing just you
know get some action okay you can it
would take some luck yeah no I know you
know what that was a really good run oh
you know what I'll do is I'll Stoke some
some fires get some of this iron smelted
while I do some fishing
that'll be that'll be a good use of my
time you know a little under four hours
until bedtime I have some nice stuff
here some good oh yeah look at that iron
22 iron that's a good run just a bit I
mean for how early it is again you know
I'll take it no I'm sorry it's not bad
that's that's four bars iron absolutely
oh you know I'll put away some stuff
that's not this is my this is my my
foraging have you color-coded them all
of course I fucking color-coded them
what am I an asshole
look at this winter roots that's great
well if you if you do decide to do the
bundles hold on to that winter bleep
that's one of them that's one of the
winter ones wonder ones could be a pain
to find sure put rocks away we need our
coal you go away slime goes away Oh bat
wings go away and any winter crops isn't
the ancient fruits like a special one I
think I think that grows in one or two I
could be wrong well I I haven't I have a
couple ancient seeds and rare seeds that
grown fall right now I don't have
anything that grows in the winter flash
well you have an ancient seed already oh
a rare seed
I'll rare a rare seed takes all as so in
fall takes all season to grow that's one
that's for one special event it's the
only really use for it yeah I didn't
know what it was I just got it I had
cash to burn yeah don't worry about it
I'm not gonna worry about it just gonna
go fishing in the day there are there
are like foraging wild winter seeds I
think I think could be but it's not like
a full set of crops normal crops yeah I
think like for that they want you to
have your farm got your barn going see
animals going which I haven't decided
what I'm gonna concentrate on animals or
not like it's a good money-making
revenue not really yeah isn't that a
great way to make money animals
mayonnaise gets a ton of money well
maybe just chickens then from mayonnaise
I don't know if it's a ton maybe maybe
there's chickens okay instead of getting
like a coop and a barn just get a couple
Coons if you have a lot of eggs you make
some good money in wine yeah art isn't
yes artisanal goods are big bucks but
you don't need animals for choosing
goods
get yourself some kegs and some some
pickling vats
oh yeah well I'll need kegs anyway so
like that's high up on my list pigs can
make a lot of money but here's the thing
it takes a lot of money before you can
get a lot of pigs yeah
barns a lot of it the big barn to let
you get pigs it's a lot that's a lot of
investing a lot of logs little rocks but
chickens chickens fairly cheap chickens
are fairly cheap and just make it make a
mayonnaise farm oh I'll do mayonnaise
before coffee night fishing boom give me
a better fishing fall I want those iron
bars so I can get some crab crates up in
here oh yeah
I thought I remembered crabs making
decent money I I didn't fall in love
with crab crates cuz it seems like half
the time you just find trash in them oh
sure well I have a couple of recycling
machines and I don't remember I just
don't remember
I'm loving fishing though oh shit it's
midnight
get that cash adorable now now that I
have a goal Kitty here B is kitten
caught an eel dream I like it almost a
grand that's not a bad day for for
spring year one all right here we are
first day of summer summertime and the
livin is easy yeah
you tried Dan Aykroyd's crystal skull
vodka last night was it surprisingly
smooth because that's all I've heard
about it yeah got some iron bars working
here I get some copper going
you can get the same quality vodka much
cheaper in a less cruel bottle let's be
honest you're paying money for the
bottle Jack do you have any thoughts
and/or opinions on the mother /
Earthbound the games you play those I
played a little bit of earthbound ages
ago and actually I purchased it it was
on sale for the 3ds yeah there's a 3ds
version so I have it you want to talk
about it I was like no I well you know
we're always looking for for kind of
like retro look back game sure minutes
the only one we've ever done got us in a
bit of trouble even though I think
history has proven us right do you think
me talking about a beloved JRPG would
would not be just throwing gasoline
straight on the fucking fire and you
know what then that'd be good for us
it's a good fire right there man
okay somebody needs an earth crystal so
take that with us like jobs today
okay we've got geodes we got geodes to
crack open
that's my chair gum so they use them all
to only have two cherry bombs left
that's upsetting okay pull out in case
we need to hoe anything up Ritchie's
don't understand the things well yeah we
thrive on conflict review the fuck out
of it bridge that you thrive on conflict
that's let's just flame betas all theirs
cuz I don't damn well know that way go
over that's just flame babe right that's
just doing it for the cliques
Oh some of them made it sound like
rappers made it need to get my watering
can back boy I don't know if I bet I
can't this morning about there we go
got him all right I need to find Haley I
need to find that bitch Haley Oh what do
you need her for she's she is a she
wants an earth quest crystal she said
she'd love me forever
we don't have an earth crystal to give
her they don't go there is so I didn't
realize that you had the big backpack
settle the fuck down rich you think I'm
not on top of this shit no I don't
it's like for some reason I did that I
have a gut feeling that I really should
murder those apples rights I don't know
what it is
come on Clint anonymous says what's the
grossest thing you've eaten Grey Poupon
recently this is right not the grossest
thing I've ever eaten but uh there's a
restaurant near us that does like full
office okay which I like I like falafels
a lot and they had their eggplant fries
okay which you know eggplant slice like
fries deep fried you know fries and so
like it was just me and the boys one day
I went there for a falafel oh eggplant
fries that's like healthy and the boys
might eat it cuz it's crunchy like a
french fry right and then you know put
it down in front of them and they looked
at I was like this is not a french fry
you're not gonna fuckin you know trick
us and I was like guys don't work here
I'll taste one I'll tell you if it's
good Matt and it tasted like a hot foot
it was awful it was I don't know if the
eggplant had turned but you know like in
front of my kids and it's official I'm
just like oh this fucking gross yeah
don't eat this and my kids talk about
that all the time because that was like
the one time I agreed with them on a
food I'm just like what if this is like
the eggplant fries - so now like if I
make them eat anything I have to eat a
little bit of it to prove that I like
right Russell but these eggplant fries
they were the fucking grossest hey got
my watering can
Thanks alright break open some geodes
dude current lives in time yeah I don't
get eggplant yeah that's not the worst
thing I just don't understand it but I
never had an eggplant fry so I mean
theoretically it's just that eggplant
you know but deep fried so by all
accounts this is capable of getting
crispy they probably put something on
okay I got a donate these to the museum
and then Marable oh I got a donate that
oh well that's good might get a reward
go see penny oh wait no I have a book a
book version
I think the books automatically go down
you can read them after okay we got some
shit to donate you didn't have an orange
Rock of money the boxes that wasn't
museum item did I yeah oh you already
got oh yeah though yeah yeah so it's a
duplicate I see I see
yeah like this one I have two of his one
right how do you like a perk that gives
you like double of things that come out
of an geode or some things that no I
just had five geodes okay you got just
that many duplicates already yeah my
find lots of good shit in the geodes and
fishing I'm getting a ton of stuff from
them for the chests piece of furniture
jackin rich do you like fiber pillows
I'm not that big on pickles right
ordering a cheeseburger is always a
hassle for me yeah I I can't stand
mustard that's true yeah it's nowhere
near the level of mustard but I'm not
that fun to pickles and I don't want
ketchup anywhere near cheese Wow yes
meat and cheese maybe lettuce three
things I don't want to another
cheeseburger like three most common
ingredients they put on cheeseburgers
and I love all that shit on
cheeseburgers I think like pickles on
cheeseburgers are great I will
frequently order burgers plain just
because it's just easier sure
I can definitely see that
I can bring a clam to the Community
Centre for the fishing thing well I
could just make money money
tomatoes are gonna burgers lettuce
mayonnaise is really good in the burger
you know I'm a big fan of mayo lettuce
but I also like pickles in matters like
the mayo lettuce and pickles add a tang
a crunch a nice contrast to the deep
meat flavor
oh fuck did I not put any bait I just I
made a whole bunch of meat babe right I
made a whole bunch of new bait and I
forgot to put in vinegar on my sub
sandwiches yeah but you don't like
vinegar yeah it's a texture thing that
you don't like the crunch yeah it's not
like I said it's not like it's not like
mustard where I absolutely despise
everything about mustard yeah yeah
that's yeah that's exactly what you
needed great glad I could help
we're penny go oh she's quite a teaching
already tomatoes lettuce onion mayo
that's that's my burger tomatoes lettuce
onion mayo yep
oh I only have two days to find all that
gold or Gunther Flint
no cheese well that's a given
Jesus a given it's called the
cheeseburger you know I didn't say a
hamburger I didn't see what my hamburger
toppings were right Jesus is like the
main ingredient absolutely oh I'll have
I'll have a bun with just cheese on it
before I have a bun that's just got the
burger on it
absolutely
with rich rather eat a pickle or watch
Justice League how about I'm an adult
and I'm going to do neither of those
things if I don't feel like it
you have to choose you have to choose
one rich you have to you have to because
the internet the Internet
okay
that wasn't one of the choices rich I
don't care about your arbitrary
restrictions I'm gonna live my own life
the way I see fit
I'll tell I love pickles I love all
sorts of pickles
I'm a big fan of pickles lots of sweet
peas sweet pea wasn't a flower that
anyone like loved Ryan like I don't
think so laya likes him because the 4
inch well I got a love I think every
like I think any sort of flower is a is
a universal like well I don't I don't
obsess with giving everyone who loved
gift though I've got something a
villager just likes and all hey they're
right there I'll get old
absolutely absolutely what in the plants
that are still there now three spots
with the copper that's right do I have
any so I do have summer plants know that
everything in the game one person loves
it's very hard to keep track of that oh
absolutely
no like the the Wicca the wiki no yeah
it's is the same is great and just so
necessary if you're trying to do
anything sometimes it feels a little
like cheating you know especially like I
I really it was it was like Saturday and
I had only given penny one gift and I
came across something that was in her
love I was like fuck I gotta get this to
her and so like I looked on the wiki and
it even tells me where they are every
single day it says like that felt a
little stalkery but I'm gonna allow it
just to make giving gifts easier once I
I just made a shit ton of beer okay I
grew the barley and I just made a shit
ton of beer because most everyone
there's like for people who don't like
beer yeah not everyone loves it but
everyone like almost everyone liked it
there's just here's a beer here you have
beer in town just go up the ton here's
your beer I just had a stack of beer in
my inventory
whatever you run across someone here's
your beer yeah I suppose penny oh no
pani can't have it don't accidentally
give penny the bureau it makes perfect
sense and she doesn't like beer and
there's no it's it's a wonderful
intention to yeah I really wanted
alcohol yeah yeah I really think that
was amazing that they thought about that
was probably a day where he had to sit
down and well what would these people
like yeah
what would a be like I think it's great
you guys are ah you are you I thought I
had summer summer seeds your fall like
driftwood it's a piece of garbage lay
Alexa cos she's an artist so would I can
I can carve that into something yeah she
likes the driftwood she's the only
villager in the town
fertilizer first got a fertilizer first
you don't have to but it's wise well
well I always forget and think I can
fertilize after people watch get off my
nuts
what's that room did you find an agency
maybe that's an agency like I kind of
forget what I planted I'll be honest
with you they're still growing and I
planted them in spring it might be an
agency which if you planted that early
that's good yeah
that's you can make some money I turn
that into wine you got you got that
relatively early that's a good thing
well great well there we go all right we
got a nice little area over here so
that's good to go now pause take your
time still got a few hours up some day I
could really just fish the day away cuz
like you know why not right it's Monday
plenty of time to get presents and I
don't really have any good oh wait what
did I just get just okay we got you know
what I have to go full stocker for a
second here
I think that's star fur I think they're
both good for wine on the ancient wine
seat is anything to sneeze at even
though star fruit wine might be
technically more money
Jack currently does not have access
starseeds starfruit so that's a complete
moot point and I don't think I have the
blueprints yet to build a a keg I don't
know what I need to do to get those
blueprints but hold on first thing I
need to see I need to stock penny at the
moment I'm gonna I'm gonna check her
Facebook account to see if she likes any
of these that's what I'm gonna do if she
loves any of these minerals she's a
she's a classy girl she's gems is
diamond emerald yeah I just planted some
melons so I will have some loves for her
which would be great she's gonna be my
lady I know I know it's the expensive
gift stop saying so I'm saying she's
gonna be my lady let's see what Abigail
likes amethyst amethyst pumpkin and with
his pumpkin yeah okay well you know I
just got those new gems and so it's like
you know just anyone loved those new
gems Emily I think well she's a new AG
she I think she likes a fair amount of
gems she's Oh F oh honey yeah yeah she's
in vain they're thinking about the care
of her she's new agent she likes this
ship she's third tier for me like on a
whim I might just say fuck it let's try
to get Emily so it's it's penny Abigail
Emily all right bat away we can put our
watering can away everybody's events are
weird yeah I don't really involve you oh
man like she has a dream like you're
actually there
well she has a dream about you yeah
oh wait that's not my watering can
all right you know I think I'm just no
fish
I'm just gonna fish for a bit find a
nice fishing spot no person in chat
whose name I still haven't read it's
never gonna fucking happen I just want
the name one of us Jack I just shut them
down I shut them down with some reason
never gonna happen
Wow I that I wasn't going to read that
person's name I guess you know that's
that's your decision that's fair Zyklon
van 9-1-1
have a nice day thank you for watching
this truck you decided to go anti jerk
oh you're moving shit these summer fish
man
they are hoppin high I'll get to those
bubbles but I don't think I can reach
them
nope I don't know what the boat I forget
what the bubbles are but I heard that
it's got to be important right up here
sorry bubbles I just can't reach you
mama says which popular movies do you
not understand the hype for mine our
John wick and the arrival John wick was
just a big action sequence the arrival
was boring and simple repeat the first
part of that question which popular
movie is do you not understand the hide
form okay so but John wick is one big
action sequence that's what the hype is
for I think you understand what the hype
is for it just doesn't necessarily
interest you like avatar I got that the
hype was for 3d yeah I did not share the
height right right
arrival I still think is great I know
like a lot of people apparently this
person didn't you know thought it was
too simple but I thought it was a very
well done sci-fi movie John wick is like
yes it's just a big out light like a
like fury road where it's just like it's
just one big car chase that's what the
hype is and that's why people fuckin
love it - rich and I got the perk where
I get 25 percent more money for every
fish I send those to the recyclers right
away I should have built my recyclers
closer to my main fishing spot hindsight
cuz I don't think you can move them I'd
love to be able to you can pick out it
will just read and I promise you it will
be straight hit it with the pickaxe
that's good to know that is good to know
man ah it's great cuz I got this little
fishing pier over here I'd love to have
my recycler right here so I can keep
fishing but you're right
like I I can't understand you know like
the the big movies that I don't
understand are like the big dramas like
that that you're like crash you know one
every Academy Award and it was just
melodramatic schmaltz where I'm like
don't you we get this everywhere isn't
that every fucking movie
Star Wars is just a bunch of people
shooting lasers for two hours I don't
see the appeal but I don't either
I know you're trying to be funny but
honey but it's also true like Blade
Runner is just Harrison Ford drinking
for two hours I don't see the appeal
I don't either I do like the original
Star Wars movie right it's joke it's one
of jokes rub one yeah I do
i genuinely do not understand how anyone
even a Star Wars fan could be so blind
as to like rogue one I really I really
just don't get it that movie is so bad
room two will be better is that is that
gonna be the movie starring the charred
corpse yes here we go boom to recycling
machines right next to my fishing spot
nice Anonymous's autonomous fury road is
one big action sequence yep but the
action is good and there is weight to it
John wick is bland action with bad
characters and
that acting no I I will give you that
the action in John wick you you don't
necessarily care if anyone lives or dies
and gentlemen yeah I'll give you that I
haven't seen John work to yet but I will
give you that
fury road do you generally care about
whether the characters make it or not
rich when you guys talking about robot
legs Darth Maul well you guys were they
actually did that or not
I was not surprised that they would do
something so stupid in the Star Wars
Expanded Universe but I do not follow
the Star Wars Expanded Universe no I I
was not aware I am do not at all shocked
right
put like old stars in my gold star bin
so you yeah he even had robot spider
legs with a robot with a robot spider
legs coming out of the bottom half
though no the top half you need a robot
head right no robot spider legs X more
legs two legs you just need more legs
you would be great at cartwheels if you
had two legs on the bottom and spider
legs on the top just slipping all day it
was literally it was the dumbest thing I
could think of and that's why I
suggested it of course of course that's
great
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo none of us is what do you think
about people who cosplay for the
premiere of big movements like those
people who go to Star War premieres
dressed as Jedi and have lightsaber
fights in the lobby I I think they're
weirdos I think they look stupid I think
it's just a fucking movie but you know
what they just don't make them happy so
I don't fuck alright they can they could
look like idiots if they want to or the
public I don't I don't deny them the
right to do that just let the people
have their fun man
two ancient seas boy that's pretty
judgmental considering where we are
right now yeah but I'm kind of being an
asshole for fun I would never do it
myself but go ahead
do we have Klingons to thank for a
modern cosplay did we owe that to
Klingons did then that start with people
dressing up like Klingons and going to
Star Trek inventions is that not the
origin the the question is who do you
blend it to you
do you blame Klingons or do you blame
comic books
Klingons I'm pretty sure that's started
with with Star Trek conventions
when when were the early comic book
conventions they were around but at back
in the day I don't remember seeing a lot
of people going dressed up I'm sure
people yeah I don't remember that being
a big thing and I would be willing to
wager people going to conventions
dressed up started Star Trek conventions
I'm not I'm not meaning to discount I'm
just thinking of other options okay you
might be right you know because I bet
people were also dressed up as you know
the Starfleet but that takes
significantly less skill you wouldn't be
impressed by someone just in a Starfleet
action right mm-hmm
could be Klingons
rocking hoary dates but is absurd Rocky
Horror nice wood Rocky Horror alone
though have inspired modern cosplay you
know basically what you're talking about
what you're talking about is fans
dressing up with no monetary
compensation just for that fun that's
rocky horror that is Rocky Horror bright
I think we would have spread to comic
book conventions without people going to
Star Trek conventions dressed like
aliens is that is does there exist a
history of cosplay documentary this is
an interesting question because honestly
this is an interesting question who
what's the earliest recorded cosplay I
like it
bullshit there were Trek conventions
that predate rocky horn but were there
Trek conventions that people want to
dress up this is where Rocky Horror this
is super interesting yeah
Star Trek I probably did would have
started with like the standard Starfleet
uniforms every it's just so fuckin easy
but taking Miller shirt yeah and you
slap a fucking Starfleet logo on it
there you go got that and some black
pants and some boots your set a really
easy costume to do the original series
I'm going there are you reading it going
on the minds
Klingons wouldn't have been cosplay
worthy until TNG well the motion picture
that's what that looks started those
Star Trek the motion picture is that
yeah where did the ridges start Star
Trek the motion picture okay then
probably popularized by Star Trek three
and what yours yeah pretty sure it's pre
like 83 84 maybe pre pre TNG pre T and G
bought that get that might give the edge
to comic book collections as far as
people expertly making their costumes
right yeah you're the modern and Klingon
look to Christopher Lloyd in large in
large part Christopher Lloyd he was the
head Klingon in Star Trek 3 he was the
bad guy you're absolutely right I didn't
even think about that
Doc Brown savage of bloodthirsty Klingon
warlord he's great can we just say that
Christopher Lloyd is
mark Leonard was wearing the same
costume in similar makeup and it was
wearing similar makeup was it the same
costume in the motion picture like the
exact same gun I had to go back and look
right but I know I know the head ridges
started with the motion pictures for
sure the motion picture yes Christopher
Lloyd killed Kirk son
Doc Brown Doc Brown killed the Kirk's
only child and in order to make up for
it he had to invent a time machine and
go back in time to undo that or maybe
that's why he befriended Marty McFly you
know as a way of atoning for the murder
yeah that makes their relationship makes
sense because why else would Marty McFly
the friend an old scientist but I do
believe the head ridges that mark
Leonard had and his one shot as a
Klingon in the motion picture would be
different looking then the makeup they
went with in Star Trek 3 and that's what
defined the look of Klingons into TNG
okay
that goes make sure you ever tried to
learn to speak no ghosts but I'm willing
to be a fan of something but I am not
willing to be a fanatic learning Klingon
that's that's a bit extreme for me
that's where I draw my line can I just
say rich I'm really glad that that was
your answer if your answer was something
in Klingon if you if you were to say
like Rock yeah I'm offering I say about
my mother
no I probably feel like rich I gotta go
this isn't gonna work out
good luck in all your future endeavors
that's that's an exaggeration I probably
just make you say weird stuff in Klingon
yes be a fan not a fanboy
this has to be a joke and honest wants
to know what our thoughts are on anime I
don't watch anime sorry the Western I
scrap like Dragon Ball Z in one piece
are ashamed boring but the more Japanese
stuff like Cowboy Bebop is great
especially if doc I got Nico Colossus hi
rich and check you guys have a favorite
film director a couple favorites if you
can't choose I have a favorite I've
greatly enjoyed movies by Steven
Spielberg John Carpenter James Cameron
there's a lot of good all around
no not all of their movies have been
grade right not like I've talked
extensively about how I believe that
Kevin Smith is personally responsible
for my career in many ways that doesn't
mean I like all those movies but uh you
can probably listen dozen other
directors of it like you know Darren
Aronofsky I think has so many positive
attributes to some of his movies not
necessarily all of them yeah there's a
lot of directors who I just like
I gotta go
Penny's probably getting out of school
now I have a leak and she likes leaks I
have to give those to the museum
probably oh no I don't
flower to give you or something down and
within fuck it I'm not even gonna worry
about you right now Abigail
here wait wait
haha what's going on thank every leaf
she liked it she liked the leek
she likes leeks and dandelions okay okay
and so I make sure to keep a few extra
you know cuz those are just the thing
she likes my always five oh there's a
flower okay I can go give Abigail that
far you're in the zone huh I am in the
fucking zone I know take the fucking
flower I'm gonna want to cut it off soon
okay no I will just finish this day and
we can get it up now that like that's
fine
wait where'd you go baby baby baby Big
Trouble in Little China is like one of
my favorite movies over
where did fuckin Abigail go she in a
room she was just on the bridge oh well
I have a flaw I can give her a flower
another day I don't I like I don't need
to give her a flower today but she was
right there and then I lost her check
check the champ why he's not in the
bridge she might have gone back home
shops closed oh oh yeah no we're not
gonna friends we're not good enough
friends yet oh well fuck it I went to
college so big trouble a little China
for the first time recently and got
nothing out of it
hey movies weird like that yeah people
love it or they get nothing out of it
they don't get it it's obviously as
someone who loves it it's very that's
very surprising to hear I think you
either love Kurt Russell as the man who
thinks he's the protagonist but he's
clearly not or you don't right
they're never wealthy always rich this
hey Jack how is your gaming pc going
fine okay it's no problems with my
gaming PC I have no problems with my
gaming PC everything runs perfectly
smooth all the time I've picked up a few
a few freelance jobs that I've just
recently picked up might call for some
more intense After Effects work and I
recently got rid of my editing PC my
iMac and I now edit solely on my laptop
which works perfectly good for just
editing regular videos but anything
graphics intensive I want to do I will
need something with more power but I
have this lovely gaming PC right there I
so far have not used it for any editing
work because you know I'm trying to keep
it as separate as possible and I don't
want to bog it down with you know cuz
you know once you start fucking around
with software downloads and updates
that's gonna that could create a some
sort of bottleneck somewhere right you
guys shit right in the back well I don't
you know I I don't even want to like
possibly screw things up and so I'm
waiting to see how much like After
Effects stuff I need to do and we'll see
basically it's basically a we'll see
but so far everyone's got everything
every game I've ever tried to play on it
has played perfect at 60 frames a second
I could probably you know even bump
stuff up to 4k but I don't really care
about 4k and I don't have a 4k monitor
Phil it works perfectly fine to 1080
yeah we had to give up Project Hornets
too many of the test subjects got stung
to death efficient use of your time this
is the important part you know not just
fishing make sure you got stuff going in
the forge of course I'm fishing over
here I should be fishing close with my
recycler ease in case I pick up any
garbage hey come back you fish fucking
fishing look at this game look at this
thing like a deranged rapist get on my
own
what kind of rapists abusing listen get
on my horse ladies if you ever hear that
in bed just get out even if you consent
to the so the whatever just get on my
just fishing I'm getting the most out of
every day rich fishing recycling forging
iron bars I have a weird photo right now
I just have a weird farm right now
and I kind of love it oh yes also rich
is joking for project Harmon people are
working on it and we're getting close to
maybe seeing some seen something in the
next couple weeks we'll see Sam yeah my
friends everyone talked about that lady
I want a lady friend date him oh no I
know that I don't even care like I don't
want to be I don't care about being
friends with anyone else I don't know
what Big Trouble in Little China was
supposed to be about please enlighten me
I just felt like the movie was an inside
joke I wasn't getting the movie was a
joke you were getting not an inside joke
it let you in it's it's it's uh I was at
the time modern action movie but the
joke was the the hero the the big the
big American hero is a boob who is in
over his head and doesn't know what he's
doing even though he is absolutely
convinced he does like and maybe maybe
it is just from the time period because
like at that time you know think of your
fucking Chuck Norris your Sylvester
Stallone your Fortson egg who's not
American but like the big action hero
fixes everything and saves the day
because he's awesome right and he spends
most of the final the big epic final
action scene of the movie are pretty
honest spends more than half of that
fight trapped under a heavy dude
and that's hysterical literally everyone
around him is more capable than he is he
does one thing good and even he is
surprised at that brilliant it's just
fucking yes he literally knocks himself
out by shooting his gun in the air and
then the debris falls on his head
it's been way too long since I've seen
this movie got a mining upgrade that
movie's so fucking good man yes you eat
faces he does face is the end bad guy
and he's got that Kim controls lipstick
smeared on his face because she kisses
him before so the final epic encounter
he's got he's got his face by the way
and it's like for anyone who's on the
fence over whether or not there was a
joke that was it like that was the
classic take on the the hero kiss and
then goes man she would easily have
heard the bad guy said she comes over
and she's immediately she wipes it off
so I know that's
oh fuck we gotta go I gotta see that
movie I gotta watch that movie again
fucking love it like he liked it he even
starts and end the movie narrating how
awesome is let me tell you a story of
old jack the joke is he's a boob yeah
well I don't like I said maybe that it
maybe it is just like a caps a time
capsule because like I think you do see
a little more it bombed at the time
happy people weren't ready for it now
but like now we have like Chris Pratt in
guardians of the galaxy right is
basically the boob hero yeah or or has
aspects of the blue here and so that's a
lot more common just in our regular
heroes Jack Burton isn't the hero he's
the sidekick but he's clearly the
protagonist though because the movie is
written from his point of view he's not
he is a boob he's not the hair away is
the competent one yeah
but he's totally the focus I mean is
that the movie is built around the joke
of of Jack Burton right right and that's
the yeah Jordana puts it the best he
thinks he's the hero yes and that's the
joke which is great all right now is the
point of the stream in which we spend
some time and thank all the people who
have subscribed to us during this dream
much like Kevin TGB
solo 56 7 for 21
fucking months in a row 21 fucking mud
surrender says this has been a
worthwhile investment yeah you're losing
it
this has been a worthwhile investment
when do I get the return on the funds
hey check back in a couple years
Varya 77 421 fucking months in a row
says 21 months of goofiness thank you
magnificent bastarz the great yeah the
great mad slaves
no you're right slave you're right I'm
sorry
Lulla monster skip it Brown be a shrimp
paddles says two months of Jack being so
wrong about everything except for Big
Trouble in Little China but that's
because I agree with you I think I get a
pass space Jack 2084 from 19 months in a
roses 19 months the days go by like
broken records thanks for introducing
minor variations on a regular Barry a
minor variation on a regular basis
that's at work before you got here I
know I'm saying I'm sorry things went a
little longer than expected
it's very super into stardew valley of
them I know I know come on homie sir
favors captain otter 726 spider-man oh I
get it
spider-man 67 says love the chill
streams you hack France the real net boy
for 18 months in a row who says man
drooling girl I can't even read this
bear mandrel mandrel tiger there you go
nice nice snarky Doyle the gaming Damon
says hey guys love the strange look
forward look forward to them every week
yes chef in my sauce as much as one
shows just one my sauce we're talking
like eight hours ago your flying v8
Swan slinger says five months of sweet
sweet Amazon cash for my favorite hack
frogs thank you we love it we love it
SEC tux breena's God says today I
learned that twitch beta doesn't seem to
allow subscription messages like the one
I'm typing now
thanks for the early stream today fellas
and probably if you want a message they
probably want you to do a bit the bits
are there that would be my guess
cheek ah muumuu for twelve months in a
row who says thanks for all the
entertainment Jack ampersand rich taco
salad Tuesdays oh right we're still
reading Timbo five one four I don't know
what I like I got two I saw I saw it
started to valley went dark
and you thought we were done and I was
just I just became hopelessly distracted
simple five-foot-four zyv when you read
those when you read an arc 1985
benjamine Oh free right ho Jeeves says
hey guys I'm happy to be giving you a
cut of my Amazon money thanks for giving
me background noise while I prep dinner
on Sundays and Wednesdays you're welcome
shut the door
bearsy says name Richard Edlund
Wiseman's born from the ashes of his
summons the ghost of Richard headland
rises again
will he fall will he fail yes
kaleidoscopic 20 who says this timeline
is weird as fuck done Buckwald latter
bear Muruga are m2k sewer sama talks war
128 Harv tree fucker for 13 months in a
row
who says another month another $5
courtesy of mr. B's OHS thanks for the
stream Thank You mr. B's OHS yeah that
mr. beezly's ahead of Amazon since they
bought twitch you can use your Amazon
Prime membership to get one free Twitter
subscription every month and some people
give that to us we appreciate it
I'm God mr. gunning seven of Borgnine
Mick nubbins 128 Bentham 19 - has just
finished space cop for the second time
space cop to be a sequel or a prequel
it's a great question its side pull
gonna be a side quote it'll happen at
the same time we joked about we're
somewhere joking about it never gonna
happen okay
you say it's never gonna happen until it
happens
cocaine Moon Joe kitty double O one says
yay
captain Scott Bakula rip us says prereq
F bought prereq F bot I don't think the
emails don't translate to this Dukey
rampage who says I love Dukey and Dukey
lesbian like the lemon to the lime and
the bumble to the B thanks for the
streams chumps
if you got really good for hours no I
can't do it
God found a 42 for 33 fucking marks in
the wall farm forthwith the Bladerunner
with this year old man Logan
I think it's bearable but one or two
door problems welcomes the clown the 32
fucking months in a row alley rasa for
20 fucking months in a row and Ali Razi
says it's been a great run thanks for
all the laughs here's to 20 more and as
always thanks for the shirt you're
welcome tremendous 45 hey guys
25 years a long time sub do you guys
also a quick question for rich have you
ever played any size 5 for X Games might
not have heard it before I have I have
occasionally talked of my great deep
abiding love for Master of Orion two and
one to a lesser extent but I absolutely
love to do you've talked about that a
little bit yeah it doesn't come up too
often strain to watch you weren't very
fond of it like early oh yeah yeah I
would believe that yeah I believe that
about me
gruff McMiller Terry for 21 fucking
months in her own gruff McMillan Terry
says greetings rich and Jack from
Florida we we recently had hurricane
Irma and in the blackout's afterwards
spent a lot of time listening to old
prereqs
and best to the worst recordings on
iphones plugged into cars for power Wow
helped to get us through a tough time
things wanted luck good luck tried to
help you out
Queen of the One Ring says I'm not able
to watch live often but I try to make
sure I catch catch you to renew my sub
each month just to reminder to my fellow
primers you need to manually resub each
month thank you for the reminder that's
very important very part
kick girl vie for 18 months in a row
surely troll emperor of guillotine
punching Gandhi my says is it weird I'm
listening to you guys play starter
valley well I play starter Valley on the
switch just don't get confused and think
to yourself oh I knew I had that mineral
but actually was the mineral that I had
but you just like what did I put that
mineral because that would be really
confusing titus 84 for 13 months in row
G shots for 37 motherfucking months in a
row said Wow
three years seems like just yesterday
you guys got started on thanks for all
the great entertainment and here's to it
other 37 months thank you Chuck Fox this
is Wow
7 months so do I do i F your C or do you
F mine
it depends I guess depends on on who's
doing what
fiery dog poop nice and roosts turbo who
says love the show thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
we didn't really don't have a nice night
I got no outro today I'm sorry

[Part III]
shit for us John over EDX when and I'll
that's more that's a joke John if you're
listening John has been very actually
very good about keeping up with me and
trying to figure out the problem with
our old elgato capture card because we
have the Elgato Game Capture HD yeah
just a stander is an older capture card
but you know it still checks out and
it's the one that I use at home it's the
one we used here for you for a while and
it works yeah for some reason it wasn't
working and John actually passed along
all of our information we gave him a ton
of information about like the system
hardware and how it interacted credit
card social security number yeah you
know the weirdest thing is he needed of
our fingerprints the retina scan was a
bit much I just don't understand what
that has to generate with xsplit but he
so he was trying to set up a time where
the actual developers of xsplit could
take control of our computer to try to
figure out what was wrong yeah and he
gave me a window of time and it was a
large window of time but it was Hong
Kong time yeah
and that time ended up to be between
midnight and 9:00 a.m. here either on a
weekday I just said that is never
happening and I'm sorry that it's just
not going to happen right right and so
we're still trying to figure it out but
in the meantime I know we're going to
have to stream console games you know
Mario Odyssey is coming out yeah got a
Okami HD I got for the ps4 is coming out
there are things that we need so I
grinned and bei bared it and bought me
us I bought us a elgato hd60 s which is
their newest version of their capture
card actually one of the really neat
things it's USB free ok which is great
and one of the neat things is there is
very little lag good between capture and
and what we play and so we don't we
don't have to like worry about like
doing anything weird with xsplit for the
sync for this to sync it up with each
other that's nice so that is nice and
it's like you know it's not gonna kill
us to get a new capture card because
it's still like relatively not that
expensive and we we need it so Sonos oh
fuck what's wrong
we were almost on top of it rich i
forgot to change the game in chatty oh
fuck can you um open up the laptop which
we need open anyway and change the game
Oh Joe fucking job like we were so
excited to start early that we messed
things up so we have to just change
every everything's ruining everything
I never remember the damn thing I want
to be a woman you know what the password
is I'm sorry for that by the way
it's a capital I which you need to know
that I'm comfortable enough oh this this
might take several minutes Windows is
updating I'm comfortable enough
mandatory update mandatory update rich
required required and here we go ok
let's see what are we gonna call this
Gulf story I'm sure go golden so a gold
story
oh here we go
Neverending golf story never ended the
neverending golf story
haha then no everyone has seen the
neverending story no they haven't I have
but everyone know that everyone has seen
the neverending story they haven't chat
back a brother up here every
motherfucker has seen the neverending
story my dudes it's Sunday it is yes
they have seen it we have I have what
okay for so for those of you who have
not seen golf story get on that golf
story neverending story for those of you
who have not seen neverending story get
on that shit cuz I it's good it's good
movie alright go change that to golf
story
boom get you back over here so we can
see and then we go back over here so I
can play great we did it we did it
everybody we are now just a few the
switch is going to say yeah
Shauna says getting back to the stream
to help pay for the new capture card
Thank You Sean
appreciate that John it's it's a slick
little capture card - it's it's you know
designed okay oh so we're pretty late
into the story so what is going on so
what is happening right now is the the
lady in the brown hair is a rival gulf
teacher and our coach has the hots honor
so he invited her over to dinner and
that lady in the pink hair is our main
gulf rival who is now being taught by
the rival coach okay and so they're
coming oh so that's my coach up there
that's me obviously and so right now
we're not golfing right now we're
preparing for dinner because it's it's a
an overly dramatic gulf RPG and so can I
say it's weird that the text boxes
aren't in the same 8-bit style yes it is
weird by the way okay it I can say that
and you can be true in saying that it
like like it's like kind of slightly
distracting yeah I'm with you and it's
even more distracting every once in a
while the text like the the word bubble
will like shift with people and that's
not what would happen in an old-school
game and so it's definitely shifted but
it still looked like the 8-bit style
that would still fit in better see like
look at that that does not look No yeah
also um here's one of my harshest
criticisms of the game is the music
sucks so hard okay looking looking at
your avatar I'm presuming you cannot
customize it you cannot customize it I
know for a fact it would be either bald
or a grandma a grandpa why would it be
freaking blood-borne oh that's right Oh
granny GILF you know I started playing
stardew valley on the switch and I know
they have done a ton of updates since I
played it originally yeah and I was kind
of hoping they added that bald character
to the character customization they have
not they have not added a bold character
in started Valley
come on if there is a mod not for the
switch version
you shouldn't know I died check there's
not there's not a bald okay for the
switch version there could be one that
comes to the PC now but coach is burning
the roasts no but I did you know like
one I don't know if this was I don't
even know if this was part of the
original game you know you can choose
different locations that your farm is in
yeah like I chose I chose the Riverlands
yeah it's awesome
for fishing for fishing yeah oh fuck I'm
like I'm like a master Fisher and I'm
not even out of spring win
I just fish all fucking day it's great
and you know like there's always water
so you never have to worry about
refilling your can right yeah
and it's beautiful like that's what I
figured cuz I'm growing a coffee farm
and so I want all of my coffee crops to
be like next to the river it's gonna be
gorgeous bridge I'm so fuckin have you
gotten coffee beans yet I have not I
looked into it the coffee grows in the
spring yeah and you have to buy them
from the traveling ok salesman so I'm
not gonna have enough money in a year
well but now I know what to do like
concentrate on money yeah
come straight out money and get in my
farm in order for my coffee plantation
so I got all year just to raise funds to
buy so much fucking coffee it's it's
it's work to get it done but that
greenhouse would help you out that's a
good idea that's a good idea multiplying
the beans yeah yeah no I'm what like I'm
into it I the first time I played you
know when we did the review I didn't
really have a goal in mind yeah and it
you're absolutely right and you said
this during the review where this is the
kind of game where you need to have a
goal for yourself right and now that I
have a goal I'm super into it
really I'm just because like I know
exactly what I want to accomplish I
think like the hard part is as soon as I
have like my full orchard of coffee yeah
then you're done exactly that's some
stuff that's how it works it's a Harvest
Moon work let's start so but it like now
I'm super into it I'm I've already got
three hearts with penny so you know
pretty excited there thank you getting
moving my way up in the world yeah yeah
you know god I have just a tab open for
the stardew valley wiki so I know like
exactly the things that she likes yeah
person in the chat what do you mean she
there was a bug where she wouldn't fix
your greenhouse as far as I know you get
the greenhouse through the community
center bundles it's the the the sprites
sure that fix it you might be able to
get it through Jojo Mart if you give
them enough money oh yeah they might you
might be able to get the greenhouse that
way but I'm not paying any money because
I need my money for coffee beans right
well depending on how early you might be
able to get the greenhouse and how much
it would cost you'd only need one coffee
brain then you grow that and then take
the seeds you just replant that sure and
then you get your seats for the coffee
that way yeah so we'll see we'll see you
I'm uh I'm looking forward to it I'm
just super into it at the moment
just taking it day-by-day shame the game
won't let you open like a coffee house
but I mean like that cuz that's the
other thing though like I need I need
plenty of kegs to to make my coffee do
you make the coffee and the kegs would
you sound like a kitchen thing I think
you make it in the cakes yeah I built I
believe I read that you make it okay
okay I don't know if that's exactly true
look at his hair when he walks I love
that I have to remember how to play this
game now it's been a while I don't see
the actual golfing well that's the you
know I'm hyped okay so this is the
overworld yeah this is our place well
well Warren well Warren Grove I hate the
scale they have drawn this in well this
is the overworld I still hate it anymore
this is nor this is normal overworld map
alright so I think today's the day of
the well Warren Grove open I'm not sure
if I was supposed to go here and yet or
not
you may coughing the kegs that's what I
thought
that's what I thought so lucky I have a
lot of work to do and I'm building up
for stuff like I land like my hip my
whole approach to everything has changed
now like my stardew valley approach I
have like I have three chests would you
rather be playing you're starting our
game right now that's just what I'm into
right now would you rather be playing
that we're gonna get a little bit of
golf story in first all right all right
this is what we tried to play last time
I want people to see golf story because
it is fun I've complied stopped playing
it completely now that I have started a
lead like if you want to switch after an
hour I've all give you grief that's
that's probably because I can totally
tell where your headspace is super into
started and it is not I'll tell you this
it is not in golf story
it's not well there's no golfing right
now here's here's my another problem
I've been having with golf sorry very
early on very early on in golf story we
we got to do something really fun an
army of skeletons popped up engulf stone
engulf story and we needed to you know
hit them with golf balls from afar of
course of course and it was awesome
like that's exactly what I was expecting
this game to be like an army of
skeletons pop up we hit golf club you
know we hit golf balls at him to defeat
the skeletons since that nothing like
that has happened how long ago was that
a while ago many hours ago we gotta get
to the golf
I'm gonna get to the golfing I'm
desperately interested in seeing the
golfing yeah I mean it's standard golf
game but you know if you like that stuff
and I do like I used to play that with
my older brother all the time cuz he
would only play sports games yeah so I
have so many hours into every single
iteration of Tiger Woods golf I played
like Tiger Woods golf
I like the golfing mini game in Grand
Theft Auto 5 oh yeah their computers
falling asleep because we're not playing
on that do you understand
no like go golf games are one of those
like incredibly simple mechanics to
understand but still very satisfying
when you do them right 72x : warmth
shows does perk that randomly puts an
Advent troupe in your squad who can be
Eve act your button vanishes
I think it's implied that on the sky
Ranger your squad jumps in and beats him
to death that's great
that's an interesting perk how powerful
are the Advent sure like like though we
don't care if they die like having a
random soldier yeah yeah okay here we go
here we go alright so those are more
momen motors their moles
like we ain't you know our wind if you
look up in the top right corner so our
wind is heading that way six ply huh six
y6y that's a line six yards is what I
assumed I don't know but it's to go in
that way so we came a little bit this
way slope is looking good we don't want
to end up in the we don't want to end up
in the sand or in a mole guy's territory
because if your ball ends up in the mole
radius the mole takes it and puts it
somewhere okay okay they're evil moles
but I think avoid the moles I think if
we go here we should be good okay so
like any golf game yeah that white bar
when I hit the a button will start
moving and then the more powerful you
want it you know and for here for the
drive on all the way to the end and then
back into the purple is your aim so you
want to hit it power so pretty close not
perfect but pretty close nice damn your
perfect act felt pretty good damn near
perfect felt pretty good about that oh
here we go so now what you're saying
here is like well this kind of sucks
because I don't want to do a full power
yeah to hit here and so I don't want to
estimate it either so then you have your
this button where you can change where
that second shadow is so like if we do
it like right here you know like and
then put a little backspin on it so it
doesn't go crazy right here maybe
they got a hole-in-one yet jack oh yeah
I've gotten a hole-in-one it's awesome
denied oh fucking close that's all right
we can still get a birdie here yeah you
and it past a hole a bit ain't it past a
hole bit especially because if you look
at our slope it's sloping towards me I
want to put a little more mustard on it
I mean but we're pretty close Larry oh
great birdie that's good acceptable
birdie acceptable birdie oh that's great
like as you see like I'm on the next one
last time I played I got an eagle which
is two under par yeah pretty how many
courses really seems like there are five
that I know of okay but station amount
within every level there's also like
different challenges all over the place
so okay
so there are there are there's all sorts
of different challenges everywhere you
go comment the chat that's just tailored
for you ok mr. blinken says why are Rick
and Morty fans becoming more
insufferable each day I was just talking
to rich about this when I showed up this
morning as you people know or maybe you
don't I only watched the first season of
Rick and Morty and you know I I got it
just wasn't necessarily my show I'm a
big fan rich is a big fan of the show so
I'm catching up on all this news today
about Szechuan sauce and everything I
remember hearing somewhere that it had
something to do with Rick and Morty rich
what is the deal with Szechuan sauce was
a joke episode okay the season three
premiere that's it implied his entire
motive for everything he's ever done
bring back the Schezwan sauce which
apparently was very tasty yeah yeah so
this morning my news feed is flooded
with reports of angry Rick and Morty
fans verbally abusing McDonald's
employees because apparently McDonald's
said hey it worked for today only we are
offering at participating locations
Szechuan sauce again yeah and I guess no
one checked beforehand with their local
McDonald's if they were participating
participating and so apparently there
were there are stories of people who
like lined up around the block overnight
and then when McDonald's opened they
demanded Szechuan sauce and not only did
that McDonald's not have it they didn't
even know that it was coming back they
knew nothing about it and so people are
like yelling at McDonald's employees
over fuckin sauce rich
it's it's a what kind what kind of like
there's just so many idiots in the world
you know all fairway I'm in the fairway
I did it gonna be tricky right here I
like working more tea but that Szechuan
sauce joke wasn't the best thing in the
world well let's see you know you make a
little joke Szechuan sauce ha ha doesn't
everyone remember Szechuan sauce great
right
and then McDonald's goes the extra mile
and goes ok we this is turned into a bit
of a mean let's capitalize on this sure
will bad we got some Szechuan sauce in
some containers so much that fucking
right
but then forfeit there is no X unless
McDonald's employee slaps you there is
no excuse to yell at them right unless
they perpetrate physical violence upon
you there is no there's very little
excuse to yell at them might overshoot
this might overshoot this a little bit
slow slow that's a big slope that is a
big slope I was hoping I was hoping to
double eagle it but now we know the
slope is for real
another birdie another birdie way to go
very proud I'm Sandler so miss some
streams so I don't know if you've
discussed this but what do you think of
movie pass I've been using it for a
month and it's amazing one free movie
for ten dollars a month and 90% of
cinemas accepted is it is it one frame
will be a day another one free movie a
week I forget what it is but it's it's
not a bad idea
you paid $10 a month and you either get
one a day or one a week and I forget
what it is but do you watch that many
movies for those who do it'd be a great
deal one right like if you go to one
movie a month it would be worth or I'm
sorry one movie a week it would totally
be worth it all right yeah that's good
it was good look at this I'm rocking it
to under par they got nothing on me
they got fucking nothing on me it's
rivals name even on there do I even
remember her name that's the better
question it was she's nothing to you
she's she means nothing to me rich wins
pretty rockin I think if I aim here the
window take it far enough away
nice haul oh you know what I put some
top spin on it because I wanted to make
sure it got out of the way that was
delightful fucking wrong call yeah said
it's a stroke penalty how does that work
that is a stroke penalty so now I'm on
my third stroke yeah this doesn't seem a
good spot to aim the Windward is I just
don't wanna hit that mol cuz it like if
I hit that mall he's gonna put it in the
sand trap no matter what may be
significantly down over right yeah just
to place it yeah yeah you know it's not
a bad backspin on it all right
oh I got mold so close oh this is gonna
ruin my is gonna ruin me here you know
your rifles name now I do not have movie
ass you do not have the movie pass
movies yep bizarrely I don't handful a
year boom you saved it Jack are you
saved it
chip in I needed that I needed that yeah
you were so upset when you got your your
power wrong worked out for you didn't it
motherfucker well it's because I'm
awesome I'm pretty I'm pretty good I was
I'm pretty I'm rockin golf story though
like there's a couple things that
bothered me about the game and the music
sucks there hasn't been enough wacko
moments and they did that like little
overhead shot where they showed you the
whole course right yeah you can't now
look at the whole course again haven't
seen I'm positive that there is no blood
okay
to world map so yeah I'm positive there
is no how can they make money off movie
pass if it's only one per day for only
ten bucks a month because they're
banking on you're actually not using it
all that often who's gonna go to the
movie theater every damn day handful of
people are gonna do that and remember
that theaters don't make they're the
majority of their money off of tickets
they make it out the concessions yes
sure - that's true - and so if you're
going there more often you are
statistically more likely to buy more
shit from them the students probably
hate the idea oh absolutely
yeah but it's it's the gift card
principle what's that that number comes
out every year about like the amount of
unused gift cards and it's always in the
billions like people you know buy gift
cards and give them and they never use
them right companies love that sure they
get the money and then they never have
to give you any of their products
shit this should be perfect here with
the wind and the slope I'm assuming I'm
gonna roll out of mole territory
Cyrus the mild cold cyst Jack Cyrus what
usually I'm not a stickler for the facts
for the facts but you mislead rich Evans
this I can't abide rich I'm so sorry
I've misled you the new Google camera
thingy is encrypted Google can't access
content and it's not wearable it's not
wearable no it's where if it's not
wearable what's the fucking point hold
on okay encrypted I'll get to make sure
like Google doesn't you know steal your
shit sure that was more of a joke I
think on our part the the whole of
Google's keeping track ear motion they
probably do anyway this play you say oh
sure Google what's it called it's not
wearable this is it encrypted by who but
but by the company who wants but no they
say it's encrypted that would keep other
people from hacking it you know easier
I'm reading up on the clip camera the
Google clip cameras
what is it tell me what it is
okay hey ready clip is a 12 megapixel
camera the housing is 2 inches by 2
inches and it's got a clip on the back
to wear on your front pocket that's what
it says right here there it is a it's so
it's not like a wearable like a pair of
glasses but it is meant to be worn on
your person to randomly take pictures
throughout the day
Cyrus were waiting for a rebuttal if you
might have but you might have like
smushed a couple parts of what we talked
about together cuz we brought up Google
glass and so like that's a separate
thing though you're not allowed to clip
it on clothing to someone Cyrus saying
it's not meant to be warm then why does
it have a clip on what the fuck are you
supposed to do with it and why would you
want something that you can't wear on
your person to take random pictures look
like it's gonna take random pictures
inside your pocket what does this thing
for then if it has a like I agree if it
has a clip it is meant to be worn can
you shit together guys there's just
nothing but pictures at the inside of my
pocket I'm gonna delete all of these I
don't know why I bought this thing I put
it on it here's the thing rich I put it
on my table you know what I ended up
with at the end of the day nothing but
pictures of my table what the fuck oh I
missed
oh I miss Oh rich fuck I know I mixed up
the slope for the wind oh I suck gosh
dang it
gosh dang it
now you guys sure it's a real product it
sounds like an onion parity product it
was a rousing it was a very real product
at the Google bogie you the Google clip
ad by Google they show it indoors only
been used to capture family moments like
having supper or cooking that's bullshit
that's bullshit that's just absolute
bullshit you can open your damn eyes and
look straight through that and say that
they clearly intend you to put this on
your pockets you can take pictures while
you're out while you're out and about
right the fuck let's take pictures of
themselves cooking I get okay I guess
here here's here's a here's a use that I
could see forward they don't want it to
sound like a spy device okay hey Real
Talk
as a parent there is usually a there is
usually a push in a poll with me whereas
like let's say Christmas morning right
yeah I want to like you know be there
like present while my kids are open in
presents but I also want to take
pictures right so there could be a
really good example of like hey you put
a camera here it'll take random pictures
by the kids opening presents but then
also like I want to take specific
pictures will Google know how to do that
there's nothing a horrible product on
the whole it's it's interesting I think
it has and it has equipped people it's
interesting service do you work for
Google what is what Cyrus now what's he
going on about
since that's what it's for
a ball for you today mole 97 the jackal
says so Justice League is just going to
be an edgy ripoff of the Avengers right
yep just like how Suicide Squad was for
guardians of the galaxy yep well at
least it's not be vs Batman vs Superman
damn yeah new trailer dropped today I'm
saying yet hurry bot new trailer uh you
know it looks like the same grim
bullshit except for and like you can see
the the slow turn in tone
now that Joss Whedon is in charge yeah
the when they quit it seems to make
sense in the universe and there were at
least three occasions rich yeah where
people smiled but yeah once like once
again the main kissing conceit of the
movie is can these people who are so
different come together to save the
world
sure we've seen it before yeah I just
don't know oh my fucking god
that was way too much
we got we got these people don't worry
sir Baibars
says got a jet lag so I'm able to see
the steam ah yeah some love from the
Netherlands great and glad you got sing
straight we love the Netherlands maybe
to find nothing against just pressing
wrong buttons because I'm an idiot
so wouldn't matter that much when you're
putting the wind doesn't matter but look
at the slope right so I'm thinking if I
go here nope you know par but let's see
I think I think I'm still okay I'm still
1-under I'm still 1-under par which puts
me in the lead which you know that's
what I need I don't know or you know
what I actually don't know my rivals in
this one god I don't know what say uses
organised a showing of Blade Runner at
my local pub tonight fiancee came and
hated it never had a movie slash TV show
you love what your partner just didn't
like again but you know sure you can't
win them all you can't win them all this
is not a big deal yeah once you love
Blade Runner that much to like a
completely unhealthy degree well it's
like I could see I just everyone who
likes Blade Runner
then it's not true it is a fine film and
if you think it's boring I understand
that but it's still very I just don't
know what you're exaggerating between no
I just like this between the wind and
that slope I think he could totally go
beyond this mole I think so I think so
I'm gonna make it roll forward because
yeah oh I can just roll for him like
unless unless it's to the thing where
she's like if your girlfriend is just
like I just don't like science fiction
movies and you're like well oh I really
like them and want to watch them all the
time like that's when it starts to get
like wow do we have enough in common
good you could very well good is that a
deal-breaker right exactly
that's something you need to figure out
I know the over the over the weekend I
I was watching that new show that I
loved on Netflix called blow right and I
tried to get Lisa to watch it with me at
first and she wasn't really interested
because I like I love romantic comedies
and she's not a big fan and now I'm into
season two and I watch in love and you
know she sat down and watched a little
bit of it with me and I was laughing out
loud at parts and she was stone silent
there's like you know you don't like it
and after the episode was done I was
like I was thinking about watching
another you want to watch and she's like
no I'll just go read no that's fair I'm
sorry she didn't like my show it's so
interesting
oh my god you lucky motherfucker you
lucky motherfucker I'll take it alright
here's my chance for Eagle
this is XCOM tactical fault
pretty close I'll take the I'll take the
birdie yeah I'll take the birdie I'm
okay with the birdie next contact
I mean it's golf this is what every golf
game is as far as I'm concerned would've
been a great eagle but I'll take the
birdie it would have been a phenomenal
Eagle Berto Cabbage Patch says Cabbage
Patch says my mother is sitting next to
be confused about what the fuck I am
watching
say hi to end I am I am you're watching
two people play video games and talk
about pop culture live so we can
interact with you kinda like Anna Anna
on a slight delay it's very strange
such as life such as life Cyrus the mild
cold we've in quotes we find that
wearing it just to say it bluntly it's
not a good way to get good content
mainly because it requires you do acts
strangely just in pain product we'd four
little clips what do you do with it it's
it's it's literally like one of those
things where it's like you have a kid's
birthday party and you set it up
somewhere so like it can randomly take a
pic it's gonna take it's good so it's
gonna take 10,000 photos all from the
same fucking angle cuz it's just sitting
there right
that's stupid it's kind of stupid maybe
this is all a lot of PR no this isn't a
spy device oh no we're add we're not
just taking pictures or everything you
do know that's this is we don't want you
to wear it but also coincidentally clip
we got a clip on it you know here's a
little hat that it could be fit on but
it's not supposed to but it couldn't fit
right on this hat that's what it could
do but it don't we don't want you to do
that
all right no I gotta be smarter about
that's a time-lapse machine or you know
what just use a virtual camera put it on
your shelf and put a time-lapse on it
you can get digital cameras hey here's
this it's a it's a 12 megapixel lens you
can get digital cameras with better
lenses with more functionality for
cheaper this is a two hundred and fifty
dollar device but there's somebody made
it small and claimed it was hi-tech Jack
I'm sure it is very high-tech which I am
sure it's very high-tech
we see Blade Runner yet well I'm so
notoriously fond of you know the
original so you want you went right out
right out to see that yeah I'm waiting
on waiting to hear what other people
think of it and I'm curious as someone
who is a fan of the Blade Runner I am
very much looking and Ryan Gosling in
general well I think he's a very fine
actor I'm looking forward to see it I
didn't get a chance to see it this
weekend because I had stuff to do a pun
for going but I'm looking forward to
seeing
we can bunker this in
the third and I have heard Jay liked it
I haven't I haven't watched anything
about again oh yeah they're zooming
there'll be an episode it's up its up
already okay fuck Mike acted and I know
Jay felt the same way I did about the
original so I might like no one yeah
yeah that's true
but I did I did not run out to see it
first thing
Tomic mousetrap says Domino's gave me
the wrong order I ate it anyway
am i a wimp should you complain based on
principle all right your first mistake
was Domino's where do you where you live
is there not like a any any kind of
decent pizza place within 10 miles okay
Domino's is not the greatest but as far
as as far as fast-food pizza
Domino's isn't the worst it's better
than Papa Jones it's better than Little
Caesars I would go pizza I have a Pizza
Hut fan is there is there a anywhere in
this country that is not nearer just
like some kind of local pizza place that
has actual good pizza yeah I'm sure
there are lots of place is there a lot
to place just out in the middle of
fucking nowhere where you got you got
the one pizza place that's where like
where I grew up rich we had pizza that's
it there were no other out that sounds
horrible
what's truly horrible it was what it was
nothing you can really do about it
but you know as far as far as I'm
concerned Pizza Hut's Little Caesars
Papa John's oh no I'm sorry Pizza Hut
Domino's Papa John's Little Caesars damn
near any welcome place anything else
anything fuckin anything else is way
above that absolutely I'll give that
back
jack is wrong this is nothing but my
personal feelings on the fast food Pizza
hierarchy I will accept being wrong said
you got it exactly right
oh that's how this is how I feel about
it it's my caring everyone has a
different everyone's has a different
taste one but not like now of course I
live in the city so I have access to ten
pizza places that I would go to before
any one of those yeah because you know
there's good pizza in the world
there's delicious pizza in the world
people
something that's not I think I can't I
couldn't put you know like and I'm right
on the edge of the rough but like if you
put too far into the rough it it just
fucks up your aim because it takes so
much power and so you know I got the
wind at my back and some I'm just I'm
just gonna guess here that I can be a
little more accurate with my chip cuz
like I could chip it right here and it
should roll right in the winds at my
back I might even hit the pin check the
slope too if you know I just got to make
it one bounce okay you're in the zone
jacket nice birdie that was a nice
birdie right there I enjoy golf games
rich I really enjoy golf games this is
just quite simple classic I would go as
far as to say Blade Runner 2049 end up
in my top 5 favorite films like this
year for fucking all-time Feridun that's
a bold statement I'm looking forward to
it you know that's to say oh you haven't
seen that you haven't seen a rival yet
right no same director and a lot of
fuckin love to rival I love Blade Runner
I love rank I don't know why I didn't go
see it this weekend I think I think she
turned the difficulty there's no
difficult math sir I've mastered this so
you know I just can't help it that I'm
so fuckin good at golf games Anonymous's
a problem with the McDonald she's one
says one Szechuan Szechuan ooh I like
that better though JJ Watt Shinhwa this
is Islam
the Jesuits on the sauce yeah releases
the only made two thousand packets for
the whole country each
each store that had the sauce only had
25 packets and 300-400 people would show
up for him because it was just here this
isn't a real thing this is a stupid
publicity stunt right and they just they
they underestimated the insanity of some
Rick and Morty fads yeah that's a fair
statement yeah this was this is what you
know what this was rich a publicity
stunt gone horribly wrong yep had they
had they anticipated the demand this
could have this would have been joyous
news all around
yeah these idiot cartoon fans got a
sauce hey everybody's happy but now it's
the fans are idiots
McDonald's idiots everyone's an idiot
basically yes
all right what I'm what I'm trying to do
here I'm gonna put some backspin on it
and I'm gonna try to hit the rough
because this is a long this is a long
drive here yeah if I hit the rough that
should slow the ball down just enough to
land on the green you you go for it Jack
on the green you did you did good Jack
on the green that was good that was my
plan I did it I can now this should be a
simple birdie if I can adjust for the
slope
oh I didn't I didn't I didn't do it I'm
gonna get par still but that hurts that
hurts right there that would have been a
nice birdie I'm still three under three
under par everybody three under par
that's great that is a great score and
look no one's even fucking close to me 1
over par 2 over par fuck man get your
shit together it's kind of depressing
this is the first golf tournament of the
game first I thought your ways into this
did you restart no I'm always into this
this is the first golf tournament of the
game I've played holes before where I've
done stuff before I was the first
tournament like I got money for that ok
yeah ok putting in this game looks
pretty weak I expected more golf game
I'm reading the things it's it's pretty
like I guess I didn't explain the
pudding too much I could I'll go into
that more next time it putt but it's I
mean it's similar as to your other
strokes and it is a simplified version
but you've done a tournament yeah did
you want to go start a domino are you
are you are you now fully entrenched in
golf let's see what happens next
alright you know what maybe something
weird will happen finally maybe more I
can fight more skeletons
come on but what did rich think about
blade line of 2049 yeah would you think
well I don't know I don't I don't know
why they needed a scene in the movie it
was 30 minute long just boardroom
meeting with the you tiny core just
meeting and having a discussion about
the latest model of Android fucking that
scene was 30 minutes long I get like
rich it's always a balancing act because
you want to make sure your world
building is on point right and you want
to make sure it's a realistic world when
I think that's something that they would
have in in in their world do you think
and so like a lot of people said that
that seemed dragged because it was 30
minutes uncut
but you know what the strangest part for
me was the camera didn't move at all it
was it was almost like security footage
well they did stuff first movie filmed
entirely with the Google clip really
yeah that's why the camera doesn't move
at all because you're not supposed to
you're not supposed to wear the Google
right you're not supposed to worried so
she's not a table and they film the
whole movie with the Google clip
interesting yeah yeah technology it's
great you know like it wasn't it wasn't
necessarily my favorite scene the movie
but now that I know that at least
perspective and your fuck Ridley Scott
yeah getting his claws in this and I I
know he's got a hard-on for the alien
right now did he really need to bring
the xenomorph into the Blade Runner
universe I know we said that the same
universe before but do we need to
actually fucking see a xenomorph rip out
of an Android and we had fucking an
Android xenomorph rich like a lot of
people will complain about fanservice
okay but I thought this was totally
appropriate here yeah be like one
everyone knew that it was coming
- it was fun and like that's what was it
what we want to see is fun and we saw
the Android and of course like no one
ever mentions the xenomorph ever again
in the movie and so we just know that
was just a fun little thrower that was
just like a that was a that was a big
exaggerating oh shit I got a ton of
money adorable Oh
you know what they did earn it
I'm sorry they trained me yeah the world
of the one I think is my ex-wife she
gets half my stuff the other guy
sponsored me to be in this ya know
Sawyer that's how everything works like
your manager doesn't doesn't act in the
movie but your manager helps you get the
role the movie gets cut a little bit of
thing yeah absolutely you don't like it
you don't have to have majors this is
the thing but then you don't get the
part totally earned sorry I'm sorry dr.
Liu adopts us question for Jack oh yeah
is that fair do it up with them when you
had a beard did you get many comments I
have a big beard I get a lot of
compliments one person even called it
Almighty but there are people who tell
me to shave people just come up to you
and tell you defeat that'd be weird
yes it's it's one of those things you
have a beard people just strangers and
like when it was full beard I still have
to find those pictures for you guys of
me and full beard like people would just
come up to me like people would ask to
touch it it was weird my friend Tim
Higgins you know as a prereq Tim for
still right now has a giant moustache it
like a rolly fingers must I said he like
greases and curls up yeah it's his
trademark Stan yeah and he says women
just come up to him and without even
asking touch it and he's like what what
if I just came to you and grabbed you
tits like that's that's you can't just
go up to someone and touch it but he
says it happens constantly like he'll
work like he works at a that many dates
out of this he has you know his wife oh
I think if you were single he would feel
very different right right
but yeah not people would comment on my
beard all the time
shaving it is completely up to you
obviously I know and I know if for some
reason people have become obsessed with
me growing my beard back it's all over
Twitter like every single day someone
says this is fine beard that was a fine
beard Shh you know at one point it was a
fine beard but you know but also right
now every other person has a beer will
you cut it off if you're a bald head if
you had a beard where would the world of
wine be Jack I I'm really lucky I've
glasses like and like right above the
ear like wherever your sideburn you know
like yeah I'm kind of know like were you
shaved so like I would cut it off right
above the ear and I'd cut it off in the
glasses so that would work for me but no
I'm not growing the beard back for
several reasons the most important being
I couldn't stand it oh man I don't know
like what was it like a little bit ago I
tried to grow back and the second it got
long enough to like get food stuck in it
I was done I keep this really short oh
sure that's not really a problem with me
you see but even that like I don't like
even it like if a piece of food got in
it and then I'd like you know wipe it
out I would still feel the need to like
wash it
so in any case my beard is not coming
back okay
headed and folks the bid is not coming
back
Gately says hey guys I was wondering if
you received the awful mr. hush in the
mail yep wouldn't be surprised if you
never get around to washing it down also
know if J's seemed three amigos yet hi
Ann hi Ann I think they're saying hi to
some call Ann right but hi Ann hi Ann
again I don't know you but hi as far as
mr. hush I'm probably I don't I don't I
don't think you understand how many
movies we get a ridiculous a ridiculous
amount there's people who send in care
packages in addition to all the
individual wrap ones we get we get a ton
of movies
oh and that like that doesn't count like
the movies we get for ourselves I got
one coming in the mail soon yeah I found
I found one that looked really great
okay okay but it's like ya know there
are so many movies that come in every
every single day
so I've probably gotten to check the
mail like Friday so I probably have it
look we get so many in I don't remember
that one specifically there's one person
who sounds like like what a day yeah
sometimes multiple a day and he would
save so much money if he just like like
instead of every day like maybe once a
week or once every two week just in a
box you could save on the postage but
just individual mail like one a day same
person hey person bulk that together it
would make sense it would save you some
postage and look at right now of if
anyone's curious I'm looking for my
dad's golf there it is
oh now now I can go now I can do my
extra long drive during regular golf
like super power should drive shots def
jar on the channel come great thank
scrolled off-screen yeah says hey guys
just wondering why all the hate for
alien isolation taking a second look I
think the game is a really well-made
survival horror game especially next to
all the triple-a titles that are
released today I was just curious in
hindsight you guys thought differently
about the game and it's
sound production design in terms of
quality well know that we had much bad
to say about like sound production
design they obviously spent a lot of
time in here making it but I thought it
was a boring experience and that has
changed to be fair I hate didn't like it
so I didn't replay right I haven't even
thought about going back to play the
game know something we know we talked
about during review is seeing the seems
like you could I could at least to see
the alien AI and it was derpy hey the
aliens didn't look very scary I did not
feel like I was being hunted I felt like
at random intervals the a I told the
thing to pop out of event and walk
around and pop back up every now and
then right I did not feel start at any
point yeah
yeah and so just you know and it could
just be like survival horror isn't
necessarily a genre we enjoy but it
wasn't very scary I think the other
problem of it that we talked about
during the review is it was also trying
to scare you while simultaneously
prodding the nostalgia factor of alien
right and so like all I was thinking is
how cool it was to be in the alien
universe I didn't necessarily care about
the alien or wasn't scared I was like oh
I like that mom than this Trumbo this is
great you know
comparing it to thief it feels like it's
just a completely half-assed elf game
sure I could see that I could see that
so it just it didn't do it for us you
know many people disagree with us and
I'm okay with that
compared alien isolation with Slugger I
have absolutely no interest in slender
the original thief was fucking amazing
guess whatever I refer to thief that's
what I'm talking about not not the
reboot
oh hi so now to see what can you tell me
to do meet me a tidy Park Golf & Country
Club okay I think I'm going to a new
place now I have a bunch of money so I
if I wanted to I think I can buy a new
putter that does something special
so like the other neat thing about this
game is while you just walk around
mm-hmm at any point you can just drop a
ball and hit it and there are some
anywhere anywhere yeah so it's like if I
wanted to like I'll just you know do you
get the thing for making that home no
robbed hit the flag nice but you can and
there are actually like some puzzles
where it's like you'll have to hit some
stuff and you'll open up secret areas
once you give it area I opened up was
this mini-golf course what happens if
you hit people
ah that you like that you know birds
children and they oh yeah they have this
mini golf club for sale or the this
putter for sale golf course it is so the
whirly putter can bend shots we should
buy that I mean you should buy that I
don't know what it is but never will
equip the worried putter well you know
what we can test it out
you try you tell me
what you can't play that mini golf
course I'm sure I can I just don't know
putting green
nunim says check I'm Jack if I put one
slice of pizza upside down on another
slice of pizza is it a sandwich Papa
John sucks yes I think that is a
sandwich whether or not it's a good
sandwich I can't say I see no reason to
put one slice of pizza on top of the
other so you know here's where we get
into tricky territory rich right is a
calzone a sandwich or is it its own
unique I you know I've heard this with
hot dogs and all that I no longer give a
shit yeah yeah I suppose I don't know
why you'd want to do this
get around an obstacle sure but I can do
it now so there we go
great alright we're getting out of here
doctor do what I'm since
I'm no I am now thirty hours into max
calm and it still feels like no time has
passed yet finally a game that rewards
Mike where's Lake play style right any
fun ideas for future playthroughs lol
de-sect my sectoid like I don't know I
don't know what you mean
like fun ideas for future playthroughs
like you could you could you could do
like a a theme with your team I had one
XCOM run where I was modeling everyone
after GI Joe characters oh look a spooky
one the nice thing with with XCOM is you
get the you know the character name you
also get the nickname yeah and you just
take a look at the old GI Joes you can
actually find what their names are
supposed to be Conrad Hauser code named
Duke Scarlett O'Hara scarlet classified
Snake Eyes
tell me you're a Chicago storm shadow
bit yeah that's a good idea
like it may call it may call your
trooper is something fun fun little yeah
yeah basically play a little dress-up
great my rock says always have a pizza
in the freezer then you won't have to
waste money on garbage fast food chains
also hi thanks for all the videos since
I never catch you streaming normally no
carry on
fraudsters thank you you know like
they're the the frozen pizza market is
now booming with quality with quality
things you can even find like there's a
there's a place here there's a Milwaukee
that locally makes frozen pizza and
they're delicious yeah they're called
like cedar teeth or something okay and
you can find them at like outpost or
like the hippy stores and so it's like
someone in Milwaukee makes their own
frozen pizzas and they're great and so
it's like local frozen pizza you can do
it people
you can you can eat better food you
don't have to eat garbage all the time I
believe in you
oh you want like gameplay changes Dexcom
uh take a look at the second wave
options for playing enemy unknown enemy
within or you could just take a look at
whatever our mods are out there I don't
have anything specific I can give you
but take a look at what's available and
see what's interesting to you
super internet Mike says oops oh wait
now that a super internet okay but
superintendent for a second I read it
wrong no it's secured it Micah says hey
guys did you tried ruiner yet and if so
what did you think doesn't look like my
kind of thing but it looks like Jack's
kind of thing but I don't know the jack
has tried ruiner yet I have not tried
ruin her yet and for no particular I
mean I guess I just been playing another
shit you know then you try and hit him
in the face I don't know what I'm
supposed to be doing here what's the
goal I don't know why are you here I'm
supposed to meet coach over here but
these guys aren't letting me in and so I
guess you know what I'm saying do you
what are they saying I stopped paying
attention what I'm assuming here is if I
can make like some holes they'll be
impressed with me okay if I make holes
outside of the fence okay so that's
that's my running theory that's saying
you need to beat them in a dance-off oh
so close so I got time what's up with
you three out of four shots landed on
the grow there it is there it is
so I just need to I just need to make it
inside the circle sure to do a little
bit and it's not the green it's it's
rough it's rough so it should slow down
pretty significantly and I put it back
that's which only reads donations no not
a few not a few impress me
maybe maybe try saying something
interesting boom eat it dick eat it like
if I see the same comment over and over
again and I'm not reading it maybe it's
because I don't think it's a very
interesting comment to read maybe you
need to stop being a dick dick oh fuck
it Holy One let me into your club now
bitch
I'm assuming the refrain dear
hole-in-one there yeah I was saying that
was awesome I'm not gonna say I'm a golf
story master but I'm pretty damn good
like I do like what when I was playing
this you know before started eval I came
out when I was playing this I found
myself constantly just being like
fucking yes you know you hit that ego I
think I won I hit a double eagle which
is two under par and just like I'm
awesome I'm saying at golf story master
I I'm pretty I'm pretty good at golf
sorry and most of it is cute and like
when I'm playing by myself i you i am
reading all of this story so because all
of this stuff from golf story is
adorable
it's all over dramatic and very adorable
I'm gonna assume the developers are
Australian though because there's a lot
of weird English to it yeah and it feels
Australian waters are slow a lot of mate
yeah yeah so why the change in form hit
format for the cup head review finally
some several reasons hold and let me
first first and foremost we don't have a
set right now the several reasons one
let me just say I really liked it yeah I
really like I think it's one of our most
concise episodes ever I like it well no
no yeah I think I think when it's when
it's the video of us as an editor I get
lazy sometimes it was like and I kind of
let it breathe a little too much but
when I'm just editing the audio every ah
um or repeated incitement is fucking
gone because we do we write when we have
the conversation we say the same thing
over
over again to make sure we get our point
across and so we don't have a set right
now and it's all all all prereqs is all
about getting rid of the bottlenecks and
usually we have two things that take up
the most time setting up and tearing
down our set
yeah because we don't have like we don't
even have a permanent set no matter what
right and so we always need to set up
our area shoot the episode and then tear
down our area Oh huge pain in the ass
yep
so this recording session was us
literally sitting here and talking into
these microphones and it was great now
here's the other here's the other genius
part about the cup head review and the
the new style we are trying we feel we
recorded on Tuesday yeah I had the
episode up and running Thursday
afternoon that's that's not bad that's a
day and a half at it and that's unheard
of for video like that would be so
stressful if I was editing video because
there was no importing footage there was
no transcoding footage there was no
rendering out it was all just edit times
so it severely it dramatically reduced
two big bottlenecks right for us getting
an episode out there so I really liked
it and something really exciting
something that I'm working on I'll give
you a I've teased it a little bit one
the man who made our little
illustrations I've commissioned him to
make several other ones in that style
using different emotional range and so
he showed me a couple rich concepts of
like you know angry rich yeah confused
rich sad rich so I can cut to these
little adorable illustrations and of
course higher quality ones because I did
get some positive or some constructive
feedback yeah saying that you know the
the illustrations didn't look that great
yeah because there were lower
resolutions so we got some nice high
resolution images now of us and
different emotional states so we can
have a little more fun with the editing
right we're really excited about that
so we're definitely going to give it at
least one if not two more episodes
because you know a lot of the negativity
is just because it's a new style there's
a lot of negativity in the comments and
I see that I also don't really care I
don't really care either this this and
it's faster I thought it turned out fine
the lazy part of me yeah it's fine with
it I had to move around a bunch of
fucking lights and couches and shit
right want to shoot right but no but
it's also it's the same thing we're
having the same discussion it's just
easier to produce and so I think a lot
of the negativity comes from the fact
that it's new and different and so we're
gonna give it a few more episodes you
know to ease people in but uh please do
it the new way more I've also will I've
also received plenty of positive
feedback people do like the new style
did you know we didn't like cuphead in
the right ways fucking fucking hell both
rich and I really enjoyed koppad and we
said it like a dozen times in the
episode we thought it was a good game
have any two people ever gotten more
shit for people who liked a game being
angry at you for giving it a positive
review why does it always happen to us
it was a I think overall it was a very
positive review because we said some
negative things about its hype and about
its gameplay don't you just want to
start banging your head into a table
when you hear somebody say that we gave
Metal Gear 5 hums down right what start
banging your head into a table so many
people in the comments were just like oh
no surprise they hated cuphead they
probably weren't very good at it like we
said we liked it we said we liked it man
we said we liked it but it's also not
revolutionary gameplay which is not the
same as saying it's bad somebody was mad
about my comments about the music music
very good I was complimenting the music
by saying the game was weird when you
took the music out that was a fucking
that was intended as a compliment
that was a compliment that wasn't just
intended as one you said the music is
gorgeous in fact it's so good listen to
it without the music and it's weird
people are idiots but you know overall I
really I really liked the the episode I
liked how it turned out and I'm looking
forward to doing it again to see if we
can
you know to see if the second date
the other thing as far as like figuring
out the numbers as far as like how long
it took to make and whatnot it was also
a short discussion it was also a
significantly shorter discussion than we
usually have and so for our next one
might our next one might be a little
more meteor and so figuring out if the
Edit time is the same I'll say it is you
still want to do the one you just want
to wait for Mario I know I still want to
do the one I think I think that I you
know why cuz I think it needs to be
talked about I don't think anyone's
talking about it there and I just want
to business here so I haven't got much
time that I've been busy with my I know
you are thank you anonymous madam says
here's a contribution prereq new capture
card fun hey thanks for all the hours of
entertainment
you've given us over the years holy crap
yeah thank you babe
we appreciate that there's you know this
new capture card brought to you by
anonymous that's why we get to play the
switch tonight so losing I have to shoes
and I have to visit her to talk about
money okay
okay yeah this is me schmoozing you only
pick one person to schmooze with or yeah
yeah I'm supposed to choose with
everyone like I go around and talk to
everyone I think that's that's the price
supposed to like listen to what they're
saying here but fuck it says the shop
guys play music on the house PA recently
the spaceship monologue from the tales
from Genesis space starts playing in the
background of a song which one of you
hack frogs is editing EDM maybe
whoever's doing that as a fan of the
show and and sneaking stuff in quite
possibly like if you listen to the the
deadbolt soundtrack by Chris Chris to do
Lou the guy who did a risk of rain yeah
one of one part of the deadbolt
soundtrack has the oh my god from troll
2 in it he's eating him he's gonna eat
me oh my god and like that's what starts
the song it's great chill Zola so since
you guys are staples in geek culture and
love star wars because Star Wars is love
there are Wars is life it's true any
chance of you guys playing Star Wars
Knights of the Old Republic on here nope
Mikey battle says longtime fan I just
wanted to say thanks for the
entertainment and thank you rich for
getting me into XCOM well I'm glad to do
it no read into it
you've ruined another person's life
that's ours I was wasted away in in in
tactics
madam says hey guys and you have either
of you tried the stranger things mobile
game it's surprisingly good I have never
even heard of these stranger things
mobile game I think they came out with a
free mobile game to help promote the new
season I have heard good things
yep I have no I don't like I don't even
know how it plays or what it's supposed
to but like I remember like glancing an
article going hey it's one of those free
games that's an advertisement but this
one's not so bad okay
so also rich as someone who isn't a big
fan of floors how do you get into the
Halloween spirit hey I'm not a big fan
of horror movies but just Halloween's
fun enough fun holiday yeah and then
again spider web decorations so lintons
yeah yeah that's fun stuff oh yeah
I put up my Halloween decorations of the
weekend pretty excited about that no
your writer your draconian restrictions
have been lifted
Halloween is at the end of October
October is about Halloween it's
September has nothing to do with
Halloween rich the Omega freak says
players are running into a great glitch
in the game if you save while in the
tidy Park clubhouse the main character
sprite shrinks down to ant size you guys
need to save their source polygon that's
where we are right now
does it ruin the game no all right let's
see what happens and if we crash then
I'll go over to start it out the source
polygon makes me think this is some kind
of joke
okay oh my I got to get through this
text dialog and then I will try well
treat you know what we'll try it out it
ruins the game do it do it do it no I
was like it might break the game do it
it's a game breaking bugs that's great
polygon is a gaming website it's also a
controversial gaming website yeah well
hold on anywhere in Teddy Parker do I
need to be in the man in the mansion
because I'm not in the mansion anymore
now I'm in tidy Park
things are weird like that like you know
like if you do this one thing in this
one area you can fly for the rest of the
game
why because code is weird okay so if I
save here I don't know you might have to
look up this glitch it's not like I've
ever done it right okay so I need to I
need to see her about money I need to
see her about etiquette lessons and I
need to dig up some better clubs and
then I could be a member of this guy so
like this is the RPG yeah and then I'm
sure like for each of these I have to do
some sort of Gulf related tasks okay
okay you know how many Oh
decent number like what's the end goal
won't be the best golfer oh well hello
what's our uptime how long we've been
going I have no idea
it's 7:30 I'm gonna throw a gulf we
start we started we said early we
started before 6:00 just just before
6:00 not too much yeah okay well so
we've at least been going an hour and a
half yeah that's a decent are you are
you dumb enough sir I'm cuz now yeah now
we get into a lot of the the the fetch
quests I gotta go here anything and then
go here and do the thing and so like
that gets a little tedious I'll tell you
what so if
I'm just a hop on over it's a star to
Valley and continue construction on the
coffee stuff unless that must they
really want to see ruiner which is also
another thing with the deal said you
want star to a ruiner I got a feeling
it's gonna be ruined
okay and that's fine you tell me I'm
done with this chat tell me what you
want to see because that's I'm I am here
for your enjoyment and I'm okay playing
either so you can see what's going on
he'll start do ruin or star to runer
fuck we need another we need a pole yeah
I'll do it oh right oh right the TV's
missing okay hold on I'll do it I'll do
an official poll we're gonna do an
official poll hold on pause pause for
poll is our poll maker chat voting what
game
vote one first it's our do exclamation
point vote two for luminaire and we will
run it for 180 seconds and start voting
what do they do develop exclamation
point vote one four star do exclamation
point vote - no spaces the floor ruiner
I did it earlier and it works great see
look you can actually it tallies the
votes okay
I froze isn't it great exclamation point
vote 1 or 4 star do and what the one is
star do - is ruin oh yeah but you have
to say you have to type in exclamation
point vote one four star do and
exclamation point vote - for ruin it ok
oh this is working great this is working
great this is a beefcake this is a nice
feature
beefcake what can we do for you your
phrases leftover beefcakes fine twitch
chat watch your program it gives us the
chatter lottery it gives us chat voting
and it saves all of our subscriber names
for us fine thing a final for any
streamer and it's only $19.99 per month
I don't know what you want to target for
beefcake start selling this is great
ruiner is going away with it by the way
people really want ruiner McDonald's is
bringing shame on Shay Swan sauce shank
this winter says via McDonald's Twitter
rule was that the shark after this but
this publicity stunt by the botched
publicity stunts
well someone they might have known they
were going to run out and then the hype
would only build further and so that
when they actually announced its full on
coming back it would be a huge huge
after you get the the viral stories
about fighting going on in the
McDonald's this might actually be 100%
planned
I don't know maybe maybe mama says dear
jack which is worse Game of Thrones fans
or Blade Runner fans as the Blade Runner
fan I'm obviously going to say Game of
Thrones fans I any here's the here's the
thing any fandom can have obnoxious fans
any fandom the the question is what's
popular right now so you just hit like
so Game of Thrones is all the talk right
now and so like that you just get Game
of Thrones fans everywhere mmm every
single thing has awful fans because
because there are awful people in the
world that's just how it works but you
know as a fan of Blade Runner obviously
I'm going to say Game of Thrones fans
what has the worst fans besides our LM
Star Wars that's pretty bad if today's
any indication Rick and Morty fans anime
fans
cuphead fans no they couldn't win the
Metal Gear Solid fan you know like you
get the right way
alright voting has ended we'll be
playing ruin their necks that is okay we
can do it is safe margin by a safe
margin that is fine now here's I'm gonna
go take a small bathroom break that's
fine that's fine I will be back in a
moment that will play some ruiner
nonno says I'm watching TNG for the
first time and I just saw the episode
where the Klingons cloned their version
of Jesus
I can't imagine something so bonkers
being included in a serious show
nowadays yeah well that's not what's
home they're going for him they want to
go grim dark grim grim series grim like
like Star Trek discovery I have not
watched the third or fourth episode yet
though but yeah they probably couldn't
get away with that now and in a show
that wanted to be serious
they'd probably do it on the orville and
they ripped up everything else
TNG why not that one specific episode
too
Panama says hey guys love the show you
guys should play Knights of the Old
Republic next stream it's a really cool
RPG and won Game of the Year in 2003 no
go fuck yourself anonymous says hey guys
my wife just started her first year as
an elementary school art teacher and she
is supposed to dress up something on
Halloween what should she be Miss
Frizzle dr. Dubin Abbas's for me the
professional studio setting is what
separates your reviews from the 98% of
other YouTube reviews it brings in a
different dynamic and provides more
rewatch ability I hope it stays in some
way not bring up one up again one when
Jack is back yeah tongue on I still
haven't watched Discovery episode 3 so
no point asking me if I've warmed up to
it yet I'm not I've not yet watched it
I'm probably going to possibly tonight
possibly tomorrow night I'll watch
episode 3 & 4
