Feb 5, 2017
Panty Party, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/123256577
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/123486223
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/123489370
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juxUmoSYFx0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssjbk6_vBX0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd0QKRD6q4I
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/827941994165051392
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/828279272175521793

[Part I]
we're streaming hello everyone Jack with
hair looks weird thank you
thud you V har lack is now playing panty
party we we we we got panty party you
maniacs you know that we thought we'd
play a panty party and all of a sudden
rich hands me the keyboard and mouse and
he had he had logged out of steam for
some reason and so I needed to login if
we were gonna play this game which is
weird you know that's really weird rich
you know I don't know how that happened
but you ought to be ashamed of yourself
take a look at what game we're playing
right now we got to be ashamed of
ourselves who's watching this shit right
so here's the important question rich a
spoiler alert for everyone watching we
did film a little bit of us playing this
game do we want to start from the
beginning so people can get the story I
think for this you almost have to I
refuse to do voices and so much shaming
me right now great and great yeah I
guess we'll start we'll start over Oh
grab my here gonna have a sip of coffee
it's an early stream it is it is 1:30 in
the afternoon for us rich you rolled out
of bed and came here I got have a noon
for this shit could you believe hmm so I
need a little coffee before we get
really rolling knee-deep in yeah you
need to because this story has a it's
really complicated lore and backstory
and the characters have you know a lot
of depth and it's gonna be great
actually you know what's something I
want to mention before yeah before we
get deep - before we sail ourselves with
with shame shame speaking about the the
episode that went up the yeah yeah the
abstracts motrin episode a lot of people
were mentioning that many games do have
developer commentaries we were talking
about like oh this is kind of
interactive that yeah we and you know we
did mention that but I cut it out of the
episode because I thought it was
redundant yeah we did talk about you
know like half-life has a great one Team
Fortress 2 has a great one lots of
developers and actually I recently got
the flame in the flood for ps4 mm-hmm
actually a PR firm sent me a free code
like hey we saw you stream to this game
here's a code for another copy of this
game which makes no sense to me in a
public relations standpoint mm-hmm but
whatever but the ps4 version of the
flame of flood comes with developer
commentary okay and I really liked that
game so I was like oh this is gonna be
great but once again they make you play
through the game in order to get to the
document you say make you as if playing
the game is horrible but I think I think
the point is you might just want to
listen well it's a timed survival game
like if you stand around oh if you stand
around you get hungry you get thirsty
but you want to stand around and listen
to the commentary and seriously think to
like
like whatever like like portal having a
commentary yeah it's like a commentary
track like a commentary track yeah
the beginner's guide the way that starts
off it's actually different it's not
like a commentary track actually I would
say it's done in the style of a
documentary yes well here's the game I
made and and then like the screen would
change and this is the prototype of the
level you saw here and you can look
around if you walk back there you can
see this is not yeah it's it's it we
decided it's that change that instead
for this what you're playing now is
actually an early version of the gun
plays you can see the reloading speeds
are different yellow right right like
that like the example that I used in the
episode where it's like you die and he's
like well here's what probably should
have happened in the game but now go do
it again and see what happens where it's
it's a game play with edits like it
edits and starts you in a new place
which is why I'm I was really happy with
that but in any case I was really happy
with the developer commentary of the
flame in the flood but I didn't listen
to all of it because I didn't want to
keep playing the game like I already
beat the game and I wasn't really
interested in playing again but I would
love just a hey look at you know redo
this part of the level and I'll talk and
then I'll take you to the next part of
the level so Valkyrie valkia
Chronicles has made it rich a full on
weibo I think it's what the term weeb
weeb oh no they smell like I don't I
don't know I don't know okay fuck I
played a little bit more of Valkyria
Chronicles Evan yeah it's sorry bullshit
is starting to creep in is it
distractingly creeping in the main
carrying silly y'all he's looking at the
bug it stead of talking to the pretty
girl and you're just done I'm not done
because I like turn-based strategy look
look ultimately I'm there for the
gameplay right yes it's a half-decent
turn-based strategy game it's not the
best I don't know that I'm gonna finish
it okay but so the anime isn't
distracting enough from the
gameplay no okay well that's good to
know
all right we're starting here episode
zero the warrior of love everybody ready
for panty party oh that's right we got
it do we remember the difference between
the pay you can choose your panty you
can choose your type of panty I think I
remember the the dot panty well if
you're starting off start with their
fall well sure
start with a default panties yeah you're
right you're right it's fully voiced we
don't have to read any of it oh well
voice in Japanese but you can read it
although it's all in English
did you did everyone watch Saturday
Night Live last night did you watch that
dude no that's next week this was uh
this was a Kristen Stewart yeah but they
had one of the best fake commercials
I've seen in a long time for Totino's
pizza rolls oh yeah it was super
hilarious I highly recommend it I won't
i won't give too much away but it was a
fake commercial for Totino's pizza rolls
and cool cool and it was it it was quite
delightful the whole actually the entire
episode was fairly funny and I wish I'm
shocked
they had a great Melissa McCarthy came
on to be Sean Spicer the the White House
press secretary and a must watch as far
as I'm concerned hilarious I'm talking
about comedy show I'm just talking about
them talking about politics we're not
talking about politics
is everyone paying attention to the lure
of a flying talking pair of panties has
has been talking to this girl that's it
that's the lure that's all but uh it was
pretty funny I was actually you know
like usually will stay for like the cold
open like Lisa and I will watch the cold
open then go to bed but everything was
funny enough that it kept us interested
except for Kristen Stewart who is a
charisma vacuum she cannot do comedy to
save her life she's famous and she's
famous she did cuss during her opening
which was great and she said fucking
live on television really she did and
and she was just like well I guess I'm
never coming back again no thanks for
having me like during her opening
monologue which was great so we is
something I would do what it's just
right and I'm sure that's what happened
to her but but she was in Twilight yeah
she wasn't tired okay so now so the girl
has transformed into a pair of panties
and that's this right in here and you
can move around and and and jump and
press - and that's the game and then
here's a bad pair of panties and when
the crosshair turns red you can hit them
with your panty sword I don't know what
this is exactly that's a pant Arang is
that the so you throw it like a boring
oh yeah we have other weapons we can use
too
focus that yeah I'm trying I'm trying to
focus on the extreme panty gameplay but
uh you know so you know it's it's a it's
a shoot-'em-up Jack your your passion
meter is full oh did I need to use my
passion meter I don't know I'm just
pointing out that your passion meter is
that's right a flashing red
if you beat enough enemies you can enter
passion mode which I think makes things
more powerful I don't actually know how
am I going to delete how am I going to
explain this to Karin I'm going to
delete this when we're done oh the whole
stream will stream that's some serious
panty physics right and that's it that's
the that's the bit that's the whole game
that's it more coffee
I started importing the footage from
when we played this earlier and suddenly
my kids came into the room and it's very
it's very rare that I ever have to like
shoo them out of my office because you
know like they cuss now and so like I
don't need to worry about like swearing
they've entered cussing phase but uh you
know like I did not want them to see any
of this footage yeah I don't blame you
so now the girl is mad because she
turned into a pair of panties and she's
now she's yelling at the other pair of
panties that's how the game works
all right episode 2 gobbledygook says
riddle me this
mmm why is a raven like a writing-desk
give up because it can produce a few
notes though they are very flat and it
is never put with the wrong end in front
get it never bah
I don't get it why is a raven like a
writing-desk I've heard that okay fades
Cape says hey guys if you heard about ya
coozes zero yet it's like a lineup of
action movies from best of the worst
made into a video game
with fun gameplay to boot have a good
Sunday I've heard about her people keep
mentioning it it's a very I don't know
what you know what his problem is
the name Yakuza zero it sounds like a
boring thing it does well the Yakuza
series has has been like well regarded
but kind of like yeah it's fine it's
good game you know it hasn't nothing's
been that I've never really heard of it
you've never heard of the Yakuza series
Willy under my radar oh I've always
heard of it but everyone's like yeah
that's a good game man whatever they've
never they've never been like you need
to play yakuza a few people talking
about it maybe we should stream it
sometime
sure is it is Cuza zero this is a
question for the chat is that a ps4
exclusive or is it also on PC the other
day we were talking about PlayStation 4
exclusive and the chat fell off because
zeros I'm going to presume but okay I
know a lot of times on this call things
console it's exposed right right it's a
console space PC doesn't count in their
brains which is weird
I finally did just yesterday
I got you know got some with the episode
so I had some free time and I I've set
my xbox one back to factory defaults
cancelled my xbox live subscription yeah
have it all packed up ready to go back
to game stuff ok pretty excited about
that this thing has been a lump on my
office ever since I played Gears of War
I haven't touched it since Gears yeah
yeah
when was the Gears of War episode three
months ago there's not an especially
great reason to own one there's no
reason to own one
anything that you can play on the Xbox
you can also play on Windows and the
Xbox one you don't have to buy you know
in fact someone someone has pointed out
there is a you you had talked about this
last dream about like a cheap PC yeah
and you know what you can do on a cheap
you see there are several youtube
channels dedicated to benchmarking games
using $400 pcs $300 pcs $500 pcs they go
through all the stats yeah yeah look it
up you can play games at console levels
with a $400 PC easy and you can play
more games because the ICCA's pcs have
more games
hopefully you guys are enjoying all this
story so the girl is the warrior of love
and that's what makes her turn into
panties you see and the bad panties are
trying to mind-control all of the humans
to love panties to love panties but only
their panties and the warrior of love
loves all panties you see rich that's
the story to the game just I just want
it you know because I don't want people
to think that we're skipping over story
like you guys always skip over the story
and then say that it's not a good story
so you know
none of us says don't worry guys the
studio that made this is based in Taiwan
not Japan this doesn't have to affect
your burning love for anime since it's
vacant oh good oh good I was I was in
fact super worried about about my
burning love for anime thank you madam
says here is a link to the instructions
for how to permanently remove games from
Steam just in case you happen to need it
just in case we're super embarrassed to
have this in our library you know what
thanks I appreciate that I really
appreciate that
renegade Kira says rich now that you
officially love anime you've got a watch
sword art online it has tentacle porn
incest a harem of underage girls and vr
gaming you won't love it it's just like
Helldivers anime can I say I'm super
happy that that's the new meme that just
like Helldivers that just that fills me
with joy it's just like Helldivers
Tiberius Kirk as far as we know as far
as all that rich and I played this is
all the gameplay you're in an arena
there's panties you fight the panties
that's it but maybe I don't know maybe
we get to a point right
what are we going to have a Jesus Christ
shut up already
I ate a laksa stream that's a food and
there's apparently it's a very good food
that I would enjoy and someone has
recommended lots of restaurants and I
haven't gotten around to it so sorry
sorry not sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna
officially have to say I think Jesus
Christ shut up already was a bad idea
oh I think they're fun maybe more far
more sporadically I'm so sick of the
negativity it's what you let into your
heart rich you got you can't let it get
you and can't let it get you down
that's what I have fun jet that's what
we're here for rich we're all here to
help why we're playing panty that's why
we're playing panting party because it's
a very silly game about panties Steve
Martin Bill Murray they're both very fun
choices but I think I go with Bill
Murray
just in general Steve Martin yeah
absolutely
I want I want you to think of everything
Bill Murray has contributed to the world
and everything Steve Martin has
contributed to the world okay
Steve Martin wins hands down
Ghostbusters and Groundhog's Day alone
mm-hmm put Bill Murray up there and I
personally me personally screwed is one
of my favorite personnel Scrooged is
great not to mention all the work Bill
Murray has done on the Wes Anderson
films he's great I think Steve Martin
still hasn't beat does Steve Martin have
anything that even approaches a
ghostbusters around Hogg day I'm not
saying he doesn't I'm just trying to
analyze this three meiko's the jerk
Roxane goes planes trains and
automobiles
okay okay not a movie hate not to
mention all of his stand-up work okay
all the books he's written all the
movies he's directed dirty rotten
scoundrels yes ooh
dirty rotten scoundrels that's a that's
a fine example Roxanne I don't know if
you heard that one but that's a great
movie I wasn't saying Little Shop of
Horrors but that was also Bill Murray
mm-hmm
they share credit for that one that
counts as both of them those see Martin
the I'll grant you that doesn't really
count
I I I don't know I kind of appreciate
like the whole real true life Bill
Murray stories the crashing people's
parties yeah that stuff is fun i I think
that all that stuff is is off put by the
amount of stuff that Steve Martin has
done so this is the classic quality
versus quantity clash but that's not to
say our stuff is bad it's not quality
you know what yeah this is the classic
quality versus quantity yeah yeah but
like you know his books alone Steve
Martin writes amazing books yeah there's
a short novel called to the story you're
right well I'm making sure people can
read it there's a there's an amazing
short novel called the pleasure of my
company uh-huh that is really great I
don't know if you've read or saw a
shopgirl but interesting that one's
probably not up your alley but the
pleasure of my company is an amazing
little novel and then like not to
mention his entire work as a musician
like the the man has put out so many
bluegrass country also has no idea he
did music oh really yeah
no what's his the canyon the dirty
Canyon riders or something like that he
has a band and he just goes on tour with
his country band because that's what he
does he does everything we can't listen
to you guys and read this with any
attention oh man I'm so sorry guys
oh you gave me the opportunity to get
that's fine okay so now I just want to
get a taste
yeah of what panty party has to offer I
just want to end a narrative perspective
Jack oh sure and I want to let you guys
know that right now I'm playing with the
Polka Dot panties and/or the dot panties
which are different you know like they
have a different power set so you know
don't get don't get confused don't get
confused by all the different stuff I
hate it makes noise it makes
slightly suggestive noises when you hit
the passion button and it makes me feel
dirty and creepy every every day every
single day every single time yes
how did this game even get on our radar
um one stream we were looking for a new
game play we just went to steam and we
looked at new releases popular popular
new releases and this came up this was
it was right there about five four four
selections under love ribbon yes and
love ribbon you know we also thought
about playing but love ribbon was more
of a of a visual novel so we decided
against it a lesbian incest anime visual
novel a lesbian incest anime visual
novel after everyone says you know not
all anime is like that but then you have
panty party but then you have panty
party look I gotta come down hard on
anime because then I gotta listen to
every stream some jerks Justin asking me
how I feel about Naruto right whatever
and I don't need that shit Jack I don't
need that shit my life absolutely not to
him grow
ignoring all the weird preferred anime
shit how is the gameplay in terms of
quality it's super boring it's super
boring and repetitive you know it's
better than fire watch settle down how
does it compare to let it die
oh very actually very similar where it's
like the there there's a semblance of
good gameplay here first quality not
style oh yeah a quality not size you
know they're obviously the very
different styles of game but there there
is the bare-bones of something that
could be really interesting and it just
turns out to be super repetitive and and
and it gets old
it gets old real fast we're not
necessarily going to play this all day
no we just wanted to wanted to give you
guys a little taste little sniff little
peek at the panty party
what about la story I like it I got my
story I'm like I'm well I never said
Steve Martin has made terrible movies
anything he made comes that close to the
greatest of the Bill Murray movies
mmm not that Bill Murray has invented
stinkers himself he's been in plenty oh
sure sure but I mean listen ghostbusters
he's got girls hey I know he's got
ghostbusters
he's got he's got Groundhog Day you got
Groundhog Day he's got Scrooged he's got
the Royal Tenenbaums which he's great in
he's got The Life Aquatic Rushmore he
has so many movies that he's great in
yeah and you know and those hurt sure
Caddyshack
you know like here I guess here's my
counter argument to Bill Murray yeah if
I'm gonna make one Bill Murray is not
necessarily the thing that made the
thing he was in great ghostbusters he's
a very large part of those very large
part of ghostbusters but that was a
collaborative effort the the push and
pull of Groundhog Day is I think what
makes it great it's a concept more so
than Bill Murray doing a spectacular
comic acting job right well but you know
he like remember he he wanted it to be
like super dark right and oh yeah oh
yeah and you know like there all right
let's why not have to be light be light
and you can sense that push and pull and
I think that's what elevates the movie
I'll agree with that and agree with that
and so you know it's but the things that
Steve Martin does like solo are amazing
what about Bob yes what about Bob oh you
know I think there's not a lot there's
not enough love for what about Bob no
there isn't
there is not there's not enough love for
what about Bob I like that movie
baby steps to what am i bothering you
need to take baby steps - what about Bob
richard dreyfuss might be the world's
greatest straight man that was right
before he fell off the face of the earth
right well he like after that he went on
to do kind of like schmaltzy Oscar bait
yeah he was still working after that
it's just nothing nothing has any haven
decades probably 20 years yeah I think
he's still doing stuff yeah I don't know
but I don't know but what about Bob is
great so now by the way so us who's
playing as the girl who turns into a
pair of panties is going to fight the
evil panties that are turning all the
panties bad now we have to meet another
pair of panties to convince them that
we're cool so they'll fight on our side
against the other evil Panthers in it so
here's cool kuma panty I just want you
to make sure that you guys understand
the story the Steep Canyon Rangers
that's what it is that thank you that's
the name of his his bluegrass country
band the Steep Canyon Rangers the odd
thing about Richard Dreyfuss to me hmm
he wasn't in like one or two things he
was in a lot of things Richard Dreyfuss
was all over the fucking place
and then like suddenly he wasn't yeah I
wonder if it was a semi-retirement or a
Rick Moranis situation where you know
the family member got no but yeah the
the pairing of Bill Murray and Richard
Dreyfuss is was great casting it was
great casting go watch what about Bob
honestly I like every sometimes like
I'll talk to people about what about Bob
and they they will be they will have
never heard of it
you are crazy person what about Bob is
great for movie dicks it's not really
you know certainly not a bad movie it's
a great movie but it's underappreciated
movie dick I should do what about Bob
if you saw there would be dicks I'm
pretty sure you do I think if rich and I
were to ever do a review it would be
about what about you want to do okay
we'll talk to Jay Bob hm 94 nine nine
one says hey guys thanks for providing
my masturbation material form okay great
thanks for inviting my masturbation
material for the day the Super Bowl is
hard to get off - uh-huh
muscular men jumping around yeah really
I mean try harder man half of the guy
says Bill Murray is the Batman of comedy
Steve Martin is the Joker of comedy both
crazy one seriously and one not so much
speaking of you only play both in DC
Universe Online it's free I didn't bring
the ps4 well I'll bring the ps4 again
and well you know we'll do a Yakuza 0
and a DC Universe Online am I wrong
but before Batman with this fucking name
suddenly wasn't gonna be Bill Murray cuz
that was still when Batman was seen as
camping because of Batman 66 were they
talking about doing a Batman movie with
Bill Murray I have no idea I somewhere
in my brain this is a familiar thing you
know Bill Murray was in talks to be
Batman I guess it wouldn't submit it
would surprise me I've never heard of
this and that would be surprising oh God
here's the question yeah what Bill
Murray be terrible that's Batman that's
Batman yes okay
oh fuck you know what Bill Murray movie
I'm forgetting about that's a great
movie that's just a great like general
good movie is quick change and that's
Bill Murray directed to yes quick
changes movie that's us I didn't bring
it up because everyone's gonna be
talking about I love quick change well
and that shows off his skill as more
than just an actor because he directed
it actually
so no quick chant you know what I mean I
still don't think he he goes up to Steve
Martin standard but okay but I think
that gives him points quick change is
great everybody needs to watch quick
change that's a rule that's a rule here
watch quick change Randy Quaid Geena
Davis Bill Murray
that old guy that I've seen in something
you know that old guy
the blue blaze says I wake up at 2:30 in
the afternoon to see this of all things
being streamed on prereq yep
this is why I'm subbed keep up the good
work
beside question what the fuck is wrong
with you that's a fair question that is
a fair fair question man many things
many things is the answer
best Earl Ramos directed movies directed
yeah vacation he directed vacation thank
you I think you did I'm still giving it
to round wad day for best children this
movie though I need some more help
Raymond I know I know
chat what stop the good Harold way image
me bring this movies did he direct
Caddyshack or did he write catch I could
be wrong was it
Harold's a directed Caddyshack look at
it's pretty good then I thought I
thought that was where he met Ivan
Reitman maybe Ivan revin produced maybe
maybe like did he do well Animal House
I'm thinking of animal house that was
the one that Ivan Raven directed ok
Harold did Harold Ramis do like stripes
and meatballs or stripes him satsang
stripes oh yeah ok yeah he did stripes
which is pretty good
Caddyshack reitman is you've got to see
you look at you you chat you are a
terrible chat reitman director
Caddyshack ok ready
Caddyshack is a fine movie yeah fine
movie I'm putting Groundhog Day about
absolutely no way we're skipping all
this because you guys aren't putting
attention to the story anyway
so right here by the way I wanted to
show you this right here when rich and I
were playing it and the little girl
shows up in the panty video game is
exactly when rich and I said nope
done not doing this anymore
do you uuuu anime people you have to you
have to accept that this is part of it
and it's it's a bad part of it jack
not all anime fans not always - tag not
all anime fans right
but yeah you know you hopefully you're
seeing all this gameplay so far all this
pulse-pounding I remember we had a long
discussion about whether or not this is
intended asperity or whether or not
their brain serious right
indistinguishable from parody yeah
and I'm voting on the not I'm voting on
the I'm only joking until you say yes
rule well so you know it's like like oh
yeah it's totally parody unless you
don't want it to be so but it's totally
parody unless you're into that are you
into then Jeff I don't know how much
longer we're gonna trying this godlike
access seriously series 84 the Batman
script meant for Bill Murray as Batman
and possibly Steve Martin or Robin
Williams question mark as the Joker
really would have changed our culture
and some strange butterfly effect yeah
before before 89 as far as the general
public was concerned Batman was camp
yeah
Batman was Adam West running around at a
bright blue polyester costume that was
Batman Dark Knight that came out in 84
that's Dark Knight Returns but um yeah
that's what started changing around the
view of Batman it didn't originate dark
Batman but I would give it a lot of
credit for popularizing darker Batman
the original original Batman would
murder people original 1930s Batman was
very like shadow ask great poem oh yeah
I'm not down on my Batman history he
would flat-out murder people with a gun
oh yeah the earliest earliest issue
interesting I died I died I'm very sorry
you should be one you should be he had a
gun
exclamation point yes yes original
original like first year of comics
Batman had a gun
so like the Detective Comics Batman Mike
back back back that was still Detective
Comics well before they just turn into
Batman comics they think it's still
called Detective Comics just like
Detective Comics and then also what
Batman kind of fish to I know these well
like them yeah when I was still reading
Detective Comics was still around
called Detective Comics really yeah that
but that only did Batman or did Batman
how strange they just never changed the
name Batman took over the book and they
never changed the name really just want
you guys to hear how often they reuse
this loop
Hear that loop?
It comes up again.
Isn't that infuriating?
You're supposed to hit the
yeah you know we're gonna skip
ahead we're gonna skip ahead to uh it's
a sailor panty
kesje? I don't know how to pronounce that.
Kesje, Kesjee?
okay
Kesjee.
Hi, guys.
Hi, Kesjee.
Have you tried Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri planetary pack I sent you?
turn-based strategy from some of the
craters of XCOM with some nice sci-fi
elements stroke my panty filler
I've got about 8,000 games that I have
been sent and it's it's I'm glad you
want to send me games but I'm not
necessarily going to get around them all
it's the curse
it's the it's the it's the gift and the
curse rich
we are very happy to get all the gifts
of games and we're very happy that you
guys want us to play games but sometimes
they just get buried in the pile and you
know and when you have a lot of games
like it's easier just to pick out like a
shorter action rather than like a really
deep strategy game I got somebody to get
through I'm gonna get oh yeah
terrible terrible problem to have it's a
terrible terrible problem like the next
game I want to get into is Deus Ex Human
Revolution which has been on my back
burner for a while
whoa whoa and I streams a little bit one
anonymous says Chevy Chase or Dan
Aykroyd dan Aykroyd every day of the
week uh yeah Chevy Chase does not even
come close
vacation was the closest he got and I
would still take Dan Aykroyd over Chevy Chase.
Like, easiest decision I've ever had to make.
yeah yeah not even not even thinking
about him and you know dang dan Aykroyd
is a crazy man I love Dan Aykroyd he's a
crazy man
well sure yeah I know he's a crazy man
that's fun but actually is fun but
outside of that that kind of like
deadpan when he thought he could deliver
like technical jargon yeah whores me
every time he doesn't
he's a fucking loser brother yes yes
zantac right is a fucking blues brother
neighbors I think is an underrated movie
yeah yeah yeah that that's the movie
with him and John Belushi really kind of
switched personas mmm we're jumble
neighbors is a movie where John Belushi
plays the straight man and Dan Aykroyd
plays the crazy neighbor
yeah dan Aykroyd is great he's just a
crazy man
that's fine that's fun too when its own
way really Chevy Chase also is
responsible for for ruining flesh in my
book and I know like a lot of people
really like Chevy Chase's Fletch and I
just will not forgive him for completely
ruining a really great book Chevy Chase
had said in that live first season and
he wasn't the best part we got a choice
which people did I I don't understand -
I don't understand why people like full
I mean I didn't much care for Fletch and
compared to the book it is hot garbage I
haven't seen flush yeah okay
no it's fair
other than other than Fletch and
vacation he was he starred in like a
series of failed comedies yep nothing
but trouble
ah which it has so prominently features
dan Aykroyd and I I need to rewatch that
also those leave that it's kind of
spectacularly weird oh it is it's
beautiful also written by Dan Aykroyd I
want to say you know what yeah that
movie finally makes sense
honestly that movie finally makes sense
now that you mentioned that funny firm
yeah right funny firms alright there's
not mind-blowing not mine boy yeah it's
not not mind-blowing Chevy Chase was in
Caddyshack but so were a shitload of
other people I don't I don't know that
Chevy Chase was the key to Caddyshack
success I'm gonna put that on Rodney
Dangerfield you know what he was a good
part of Caddyshack Chevy Chase Chevy
Chase okay
might have been one of his one of his
better roles sorry maybe maybe I'm
underrating Chevy Chase able still take
dinner absolute Ono absolutely i Chevy
Chase his Peaks aren't that high but he
has some I know a lot of people really
liked him in the community in which I
didn't really watch but up what she
stormed off of because he's an
egocentric prick yep yep but uh no he's
way too dan Aykroyd also directs nothing
but trouble is that what I saw
once again this is shit
nothing nothing but trouble is worth a
watch it really is it's well it's worth
a watch because of the sheer amount of
star power dan Aykroyd Chevy Chase Demi
Moore who else is in that Oh John Candy
is in it
even you know what I'm not even gonna
say it's bad it's it's weird to the
point of shocking your brain though it's
um you know what it is it's a hidden
sci-fi movie there isn't there is more
world building in nothing but trouble
then there is in rogue one like we have
a clearer sense of this universe that
they are in trouble and then and then
I'll do I'll do a reading of the book
flesh and how about a quick change and
quick oh they go quick change nothing
but trouble and what about Bob yeah
that's a great movie dicks Oh God skip
who cares about Demi Moore Oh was she
hot back in the day
I'm who cares about Demi Moore she was
in everything she's a mega celebrity she
was a huge star in the day back in the
day so you settled the right down you
said I'll write the heck down good
sidious says hey guys first time I've
been able to watch life living in the UK
and all since we're doing actor fights
actor fights do you prefer Dan Aykroyd
or John Candy I'm all about the candy
lol link my crank dan Aykroyd I'll take
that egg right over John Candy why oh I
don't hate him I don't think I don't
like John Candy's that funny oh you know
what he's not that funny I'll give you
that yeah he's an everyman yeah he's the
EMV everyman his little role in home
alone is the fucking heart of that movie
I bet a long times I've seen home alone
yeah
he has a super small part in home alone
where he remember the moms trying to get
home and she gets to like where does she
get she gets like Indiana but can't get
a flight to Chicago and he and he plays
in a polka band or something and he's
like hey you can you can come in our
polka van and they have he has a small
scene with Catherine O'Hara all right
he's the goddamn heart of them the great
outdoors remember that with Dan Aykroyd
with Dan Aykroyd again planes trains and
automobiles and Dan Aykroyd is better in
the great outdoors but once again John
Candy is playing the straight man oh
yeah buddy but that I think that's the
thing is his his playing of the everyman
is what makes a lot of those movies what
was the what was the one where he like
built on poke someone's gonna remember
that REE it's like he was in a boat race
or cement summer rental thank you that's
a great one Uncle Buck yeah fuckin Uncle
Buck yeah once again all these people
we've mentioned letters my hate yeah
yeah except for possibly change you
don't hate tivity Chevy Chase's lows are
awful though his bad movies are
this pair of panties is really kicking
my ass
lol fuck my cock says Jack yep I think
the joke might be over thank you
can you not see riches and pain I know
rich is in pain but you know I'm like
I'm ready to move on when you are great
I'm you know I'm just I'm just I'm
trying here I'm trying to you know I
know but I think this is a joke we all
get great I'm happy that we all get it
I'd like to be this pair of panties just
because you know we're here and we're
fighting did I win no did you really
just say that
yeah yeah you know with this whole
stream we've been talking panties rich
this whole stream so much Chevy Chase
and Jonathan Taylor Thomas oh I don't
know says Mike Myers who Dana Carvey PS
thanks for streaming early for us
Eurotrash Mike Mike Myers or Dana Carvey
my klaris Mike Mike Myers just just
doing the doing doing some math early
early on in that battle in the SNL days
yeah Dana Carvey was the easy answer
yeah since then since then Michael Myers
Mike Meyer Scott Michael like a Meyerson
Mike Myers caught up and then some yeah
by the time by the time you got to so I
married an axe murderer oh fuck yeah
Mike Mike Myers was winning that battle
woman whoa man whoa man oh man did I
watch so I married an axe murderer or
too many times Dana Carvey miss master
of disguise yes he does
yes he does
and yes he does Dana Carvey also has
blank slate
remember blank slate I do with the
condition we hit amnesia
everyone every morning yep not a bad
movie that I remember I don't think it
was terrible
I don't think it was good but I don't
think it was terrible old hand saw so
little rich hello jack hi Saturday Night
Live her SCTV yeah I said it and I like
my highs way too long so I've seen SCTV
I remember SCTV wasn't afraid to get
dark if I'm remembering right and also
depends on what era of Saturday night
Saturday Night Live you're talking I
think they're just talking about in
general in general No
Saturday Night Live has had like two
good casts yeah but that's over several
seasons yeah oh yeah I mean oh you got
the original crop yeah first second and
third season whatever however long it
lasted the Dan Aykroyd and I wanna say
her name
bitch I can't think I'm such an old man
I can't remember people's names Jane
good Merrick
no no early Oh Jane kiss Merrick was
Malcolm in the Middle
it's something like that Gilda Radner
for one yeah oh you know what and I
wasn't I wasn't Bill Murray
dan Aykroyd Gilda Radner I I think I
think those those Belushi those sketches
haven't necessarily aged Jane Curtin
thank you Jane Curtin
maybe not I think there's not there's
not a ton of like amazing amazing in
there don't okay so let's say that has
an age well then then you have one good
cast which was like you're Dana Carvey
Mike Myers Phil Hartman yep I think
there was a lot of good stuff in the
Will Ferrell days that big lump that was
in weeds the big a while oh okay Kevin
Nealon you know that big lump by the way
totally fair totally fair he kind of was
a big lump and then other than that no
not really it's it's very good said I
know I'm just one shit
ah there's good stuff in there there's
good stuff in there they had Will
Ferrell who was probably the only good
part that's an L for a while
yeah yeah but he had a good supporting
cast Molly Shannon had her good bits
future famous person says did you guys
ever get further in Demon Souls
it gets very cool and Lovecraftian the
third level in particular is more
atmospheric than anything in blood 1 I
don't believe you I think I ever played
demon souls yeah we played that on uh we
played dark and Dark Souls 3 no no we
played it on yeah I wasn't you was it
you doing so long I was both of us I
thought it was both of us I'll be honest
with you I thought you were here I
remember I remember doing Dark Souls 1
uh-huh that was removed skeleton yep I
know we did a lot of blood-borne yep and
I think we ever played demon souls to
their darks Dark Souls 2 darkness team
yeah we i don't remember playing demon
souls we had because wait Demon Souls
was ps2 yes you might have used your ps3
to play it don't recall ever playing
demon i am wait am i getting it confused
with Dark Souls 1 I'll tell you I am I
suppose it's possible I'm getting it
confused with Dark Souls I am I'm 90%
sure we have streamed it ok ok
alright this is getting crazy at this
point you know I just want to beat this
level here you don't have to I want to I
know I don't have to the blue blaze says
actor fights fat guy edition John Candy
John Belushi
Chris Farley and is this an all-day
variety stream or is it a normal stream
that's happening earlier than usual
lol snip the panties finding the
antennas it's an earlier stream because
a lot of people might want to watch the
American Superbowl right so no we always
nice to stream here and we do we talk
about doing them more often and a lot of
times you know it's just because of our
schedules it's tough to do so here's a
nice excuse to do an early stream this
will just be a normal stream will
probably end around 5:00 you know for
for 35-ish depending when does the
Superbowl start I think about six or
seven great I'm not super worried about
it okay great all right yeah I can be
done with this okay good I can be done
good with panty party I beat that one
you know we're just gonna exit that
great between candy Belushi and Farley
you know what can I can I get real can I
do some real talk yeah I've never much
cared for Chris Farley I think he had
some he had some decent bits on SNL
Tommy Boy I have seen so many times that
I'm not sure if it's a good movie or if
I've just seen it so many times that I
love it but I've never been super into
his shtick I'm gonna say Chris Farley is
like a slightly more blatant but also
less versatile John Belushi Belushi yeah
could do more than screaming fat guy
yeah it's crazy wild screaming fat guy
didn't know she could do more than that
yeah you wanted to agreed Farley that's
always got that was his shtick
that was a good stick did work well for
him yeah they worked all right for him
like Tommy Boy I have a really deep love
for it
just i-i-i can't quite explain why I
love it so much but so wait who is the
who was the down-and-out well together
later we start the two out okay and then
we do the finals okay okay so what's the
two well we're going with Belushi over
friendly I was a Belushi of course then
candy or Belushi yeah I think that's an
apples and oranges situation they're
very different they're very different
like I said before like you know and and
something that is also incredibly
important in comedy is to have a
straight man with good timing that's why
I like you'll see Jon Hamm a lot in a
straight man position in comedies
because like he's just a good actor who
knows comedic timing you need that
straight man
if personally if I had to choose between
Belushi and candy I would choose candy
he's got he's got more good in them
oh I'll say this about John Candy versa
Belushi you're getting a larger body of
work whether John Candy
well because Belushi coped himself to
death right right right that's the first
celebrity death I can remember really is
John Belushi who's involution huh what
are we playing
what are you frame whatever you want to
find out with the chat once you know
they want FTL they say they want FTL I
don't know if they really want have to
yell what do we want guys whatever what
tell what's going on here
also yeah you have that article about
how to permanently remove something from
your Steam library oh you know what a
little update actually III was looking
into it we were talking about this the
other day about Steam and Leasing games
if if people remember in the chat and
how you know you buy a game on Steam you
don't actually own it you're just paying
for the right to lease it from Steam and
at any point and I've never done this
but at any point they can say this game
is no longer available for lease and
take it away from you see it's not like
you can't just buy it anymore you can't
play it anymore uh it
if steam dictated so yes I said and this
hasn't happened yet but accordant mean
it will never happen right and and I
reread the steam Terms of Service and it
clearly says that like you are paying
for the right to lease this game right
yeah and I I gave an example of
apparently of a while ago it was a
famous iTunes story where people bought
a movie on iTunes and iTunes took it
away and I did some research on him and
apparently what had happened was some
Disney movies were taken off of the
iTunes Store like The Lion King yeah and
they were accidentally removed from
people's libraries who had bought them
now Apple resolved the situation and
those people got their movies back yeah
even though Apple would be completely in
their right to remove the movies from
the people's hard drive like if they
download that movies I hope you cannot
watch this movie anymore right so but
this is the people got their movie back
and it has yet to happen with any of
these services it has yet to happen but
it could at any time yeah so yeah so is
that but I just want to give the update
cuz I did look into it steam is steam is
great right up into the point it isn't
great anymore oh it could take a hard
turn it could take a hard turn it could
take a real like I'm well aware of that
and like my my steam name has a PS and
in front of a PlayStation Network
because I didn't download steam until I
got a free copy of portal 2 oh really
buying the PlayStation 3 version uh-huh
because I avoided it for that reason
like I don't trust this until you you
couldn't anymore you could really really
couldn't PC game without steam right
right right well and you know we're
getting competitors now we know we're
getting things like like Humble Bundle
which will give you the option to
download gog gog in your m free pitch
dot io and you know what a lot of people
are just selling their games off of
their own site
for you how do I play half-life 2 rich I
didn't for that reason I'm like I don't
like the steam concept I don't like I
don't like not owning the game right so
I didn't I didn't play half-life 2 yeah
but well in you know like like we have
said so many times and you know what
this isn't just about Steam this is any
service like let's say let's say steam
decides like hey we don't want to be
this company anymore we want to make
half-life episode 3 so we're gonna shut
down steam so we can concentrate all of
our efforts on half-life 3 all your
games are gone they wouldn't do that
obviously because it's very profitable
for them but at any point they can shut
down steam and all your games are gone
poof at any point YouTube could decide
not to be a company anymore poof
everything's gone riches dumb lol riches
you'll be saying that in the morning
when your Steam games are locked out
because they decided there's gonna be
some policy changes expired who's maybe
saying that then motherfucker who's the
guy in charge of in charge of like sales
at Xbox what's his name once he once he
bought once Microsoft by Steam Phil
Spencer I think that might be it once
phil spencer is in charge of steam and
they decide that you need a monthly
subscription fee we'll see we'll see
rich is materialistic we live in a
fucking material universe we are
material everything is material nature
that's kind of deep in a deep buddy
there is no spiritual it's made up okay
either on the game you don't I'd rather
own it and I have to beg daddy steam to
let me play it beg daddy steam Wow right
that's great okay I'm off the gaming
grid bitch
I've seen a couple suggestions in chat
and they're the usuals and they're not
gonna surprise anyone
I wouldn't mind Phoenix right but I
doubt you brought the deal I didn't yeah
I didn't bring the D s and I did not
bring the ps4 so I'm very sorry about
that I should I should have felt I
should I should bring those okay this
dream has gotten strangely X just X
essential that's what happens when we
play panty party you know that's what
happens
oh I got a new item in my inventory oh
no I got a I got a panty party trading
card how do I get rid of these you can't
how do I get rid of you sell them you
know so you hope somebody buys them
should we make a guess at how at how
much money these panty party trading
cards are going free anime fans they're
gonna be expensive uh you know what the
furore steam card for a steam card 37
cents is pretty expensive yeah Kappa
long face yeah creepy anime fans for the
win I'm gonna see any of this I don't
care I don't care okay so I've seen a
couple suggestions obviously no they're
going for 35 and 37 cents which by steam
trading card standards is pretty
expensive somebody has already gifted me
half-life 2 I just I haven't like I said
I've got a huge backlog of stuff I
haven't that's fun to play right there
I've seen a lot of people say they want
rich to continue his XCOM run which i
think is a fine option and I've seen
some people who wants and binding of
issac which is also a fine option I just
played a bunch of painting party so I
will give it up to rich rich if you
would like to continue your XCOM run I
can do that yeah because you know I
don't want to hog oh that's all fine all
the game time here let me log out we
left off at the blue blaze so we have a
few more about that okay I will take
that you take this you'll probably need
the keyboard type in myself
over watch oh man you know what I have a
ton of work to do
I've been really bogged down I have way
too many projects that I need to work on
but I decided to take a day off
yesterday just because you know you need
a break and I finally got to play some
overwatch and I haven't played in the
past I mean three weeks oh what a great
game they have a new capture the flag
map you know completely new game style
for overwatch and its ton of fun and I'm
loving some of the new skins it's the
Chinese New Year skins in overwatch and
they're great and I'm really excited and
I got to play a little bit yesterday and
I had a great time thank you by the way
for everyone who who has friended me on
on battlenet when you play with people
like when you play in groups you get
experience bonuses so you get more loot
boxes faster and usually what happens is
I will get more key crates you get more
geek crates digital gate crates the
digital gate crates and so usually what
happens is I'll log on and almost
immediately someone will invite me into
the group and I do love it sometimes I
have to say no because like I'm just
topping on for a quick game but it's
great because you know you get into a
group you can talk to people you get
more experience and then you're playing
with people who you know you can talk to
and it's great I love it I liked over
lunch better when it was called tf2 tf2
is still around
you can still play tf2 I like I like the
characters better and overwatch I think
there's more there's there's more fun to
be had an overwatch right now cuz also
more people are playing it right now but
did anybody notice the game text I think
some people did yes
shame Oh
nerd sack I like that way but you they
already have a nerd that's gonna what do
you have give geek geek raid
oh no and uh yeah he cratered box yeah
so there already is a nerd so like a oh
how about a spaz sack people in the
comments people were coming up with a
boss
we're good I don't copy copy paste them
yes

[Part II]
that's gonna what do you have geek
decreed Oh No yeah he created box yeah
so there already is a nerd so I like a
how about a spaz sack in the comments
people were coming up with a bunch some
of them work yes loot dorks who do you
main in over munch I have the most hours
in in Zarya oh she I like playing uh
sort of the best I love I love her whole
thing you put up these shields and then
as you as people as you take damage with
the shields and your weapon becomes more
powerful and and she can turn into an
absolute unstoppable death machine and I
love her I love her I'm trying to play
more I'm trying to play more zenyatta
I think there's a lot of good in him and
I also really like Symmetra she got a
couple updates that may that make her a
good powerhouse but I'm trying to play
more zenyatta and I'm trying to play
more oh my god I forget names I'm no
good with names
you know what's his name the kind with a
big hammer terrible I'm terrible at
names
someone in the chats gonna tell me is it
Thor it's not Thor its Reinhart I said
it before the chat said it I said it
before the chat said it I remember to
Reinhart its Reinhardt Reinhardt is is
is your main tank he has a shield he's a
big hammer he's really important that
hurts
what still don't have armor no I'm sorry
so I'm trying to play more Reinhardt
just because I've seen I've seen amazing
Reinhardt players and I know that
they're that that he's really important
to team composition it's also like I
think it's really fun to play as diva
and every once in a while I'll try Anna
Orana but I'm no good at snipers I'm no
good at snipers and I'm no good at
tracer I don't understand how people can
be good at tracer she's just too fast
for my brain my brain can't keep up with
her symmetric beam is a little too
sticky at longer range now it feels too
strong possibly but like she can't if
she over reaches she's dead some Symetra
needs to play it super safe what
what you played what you do rich I see
mokey
I know I think I think mokey got
resurrected due to the steam cloud oh
did you download the save before your
last mission apparently that's what
happened
well the save would be on this computer
so it shouldn't be on the clock I would
have overwritten it oh you so you
weren't supposed to download from this
thing that means we got to redo the
number of missions too it's like it's
kind of terrible oh is it
yeah Oh mokey went back in time created
flashpoints and now everything's gonna
be terrible way to go mokey I know I I
did save iron man saves like just about
every damn turn right the problem was
that never got uploaded to the cloud so
then when you died when I turned on
XCOM right now it gave me a little
problem do you want to download from the
cloud oh oh I I guess I do yep
you usually do right for whatever reason
it never got uploaded to the cloud so
the cloud over ridded over it over wrote
my proper safe over wrote I'd say over
wrote which is why I usually don't use
the fucking claw this time I did oh and
sorry rich now mokey is alive but we've
got to redo like four or five missions
which sucks that does suck but gives you
a chance to do some things better gives
you a chance rich gives you a chance
this mokey here right now I don't know
if monkeys so he's gonna be delighted
well yeah mokey I'll be excited how did
that happen I have no idea over writted
over written over maybe over I like a
road but I think it also could be
overwritten overwritten overwritten did
I who know who can't you know what who
cares
hmm Oh mokey they're saying mokey is
here mokey is here fuck
miracle it's a miracle flashpoint has
happened this is great okay let's see
here
come axion says hello guys rich
Sylvester Stallone or Arnold
Schwarzenegger that is an
honest-to-goodness tough call for pure
action movies Schwarzenegger but was
flown you get your rocky I fucking love
rocky all rocky I love every single
goddamn Rocky movie I I would understand
it if you wanted to give it to Sloan
just for the right you know that's your
tipping point the Rocky movies every
single rocky movie is great if you're
gonna isolate your you're kind of like
running around with guns style action
movies what you get you get you get
commando vs Cobra oh yeah Terminator
Terminator 2 yeah of course no no pure
man pure gun action I mean fuck you get
Conan man
he's fucking Conan I know I know he's
also just a super awesome dude the
Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger should be
everyone's Idol know what Idol he's an
awesome dude he's an awesome dude that
does awesome things and is really great
and he's a really great guy he's a
really good businessman he gives back to
the community he hangs out all right I
think he cheated on his wife so that's
not too awesome but you know I think
other than that he's a pretty awesome
dude but yo yeah but demolition man but
Kindergarten Cop motherfucker True Lies
oh you know what I'm opting out of this
one I love both of them so much I don't
want to choose that's what I'm gonna say
there is a weird thing to choose what is
definitely better than the other I would
say overall on abortion ever more of my
favorite movies oh I can't I can't make
this call that's that's too close to
home remainder one Total Recall total
fucking Greek I love Total Recall every
comes pretty good
Rambo first blood all the Rocky movies
over the top which is don't look at me
like that stop or my mom will shoot you
damn well know rocky four is a goddamn
self-parody it is but it I think it was
purposefully done Rocky five is awful
yeah ready one maybe two every Rocky
movie is perfect for very different
reasons and then you have Rocky Balboa
him coming back then you have fucking
Creed him coming back again Chet chance
coming back with demolition man yeah the
most underrated science fiction movie of
all time the premise the premise of that
movie is fantastic there was a fantastic
it's beautiful it's a beautiful movie a
society that has babied itself to the
point where it can't handle a crisis
legitimate crisis right it's great and
it's great this is overly sanitized
politically correct world and they can't
handle just one gangster just one one
criminal that's that yeah it's beautiful
over the top is amazing for very
different reasons but yeah of course
like Judge Dredd Cobra if you haven't
watched it demolition man is fucking
fantastic demolition man is beautiful
it's beautiful yeah there's there's
Stallone it's got a lot man Stallone has
got a lot
I'm not gonna choose because I love them
both although Jack did you enjoy playing
capture the flag
oh yeah I just talked about that oh come
axiom great yeah thank you for playing
with me I won't be able to like it like
I said I won't be able to group up with
people all the time but I really do
appreciate it because it's fun to play
with other people and it was just just
good to get I finally got to play
capture the flag which a great overwatch
demolition man review 100% happening I
have no control over what happens in
review by the way that you need to know
you need to know that yeah I can't make
a review happen but I'm telling you it's
a hundred percent going to happen which
one the demolition man well what would
you want to demolition matter no you're
not you and I need to do what about Bob
demolition man is kind of better for
review you know what we do both how
about that sure sure we can film them
back-to-back I'm fine with that
boom also we have no control over what
we do in review boat but I will tell Jay
that we have good ideas it's great for
mochi mochi is the only one that came
out ahead saved by the cloud
do I like Lucio as a hero
um he's interesting Lucio is a very
interesting here overwatch oh you know
cuz it's a team game right and Lucio has
an ability just to heal people around
him like he doesn't need to specifically
target anyone he can just roll around
and heal people in his general area
which makes him incredibly valuable and
you know he's good I I think it's more
fun to play as mercy as far as a healer
is concerned because then you can either
you know spot heal someone or give
someone a damage boost and that's how I
prefer to play healer I think the Lucio
is more effective but less fun for me
personally to play you do get those
wonderful moments his gun has an alt
fire that just pushes people back and so
you have certain maps that have
drop-offs and if you
catch people in the right area you can
just push people right off the map and
there is no better feeling and overwatch
and then just pushing someone down a pit
so for me I like mercy better as a
support but Lucio I think is the better
choice if that makes any sense I also
don't understand his frog costume thing
but I guess that's my review on life
force I remember that being good I'm
nowhere near well-versed in that and
we're well versed enough in that movie
to do a review I've seen it like once or
twice when I was much younger
Jay and I actually saw that when I went
to be fest with them they played life
force at like 2:00 in the morning at B
fest it was the exact right time that is
a fucked up movie life force yeah fucked
up science fiction movie a vampire movie
in a zombie movie with Patrick Stewart
with Patrick Stewart that's the only
thing I remember life about life force
is the second time I saw it was after T
and G was the thing and I was like oh my
god that's Patrick Stewart right
anonymous says do some binding of issac
today's daily challenge was a lot of fun
oh maybe maybe maybe we'll see how much
we get out of X come and we'll see how
late we want to go tonight maybe maybe a
hug tant says thanks for so many years
of entertainment keep it up greetings
from Sweden and sugah
mean quantum penis which I assume is
Swedish for lol fuck my cock sand nig
Eck Wow that's still a thing
by the way lol fuck my little fuck my
cock is great it never died it's great I
love it that and now the new and out of
the new this is just like Helldivers and
those are those are some my favorite
yeah yeah I'm kind of fond of it's just
like those that really just gives me a
little giggle and I appreciate them Sena
gak says wow we are almost here
the sweet game championship game today
just so a big question that on
everyone's mind is what Jack and Rich
think the team that long bombs away I
know nothing about football I know the
Patriots are in the Super Bowl all the
damn time it'll give the edge to them
it's the Patriots versus the Falcons I
know nothing about football you know why
if you're gonna go for the Patriots I'll
vote for the Falcons just because if the
Patriots won all the time maybe you'd
give it to someone else for God's and
for God's sakes come on man the blue
blaze says mentioning Conan reminded me
are you going to play Conan exhales the
hit new Conan game with floppy dong
physics we talked about it
don't worry it's not banned on Twitch at
least not yet I think to me the joke
everyone knows the joke and we would
just be doing the joke right it's still
an early access and I believe that Conan
exile has shot themselves in the foot
with their dongs physics you think they
shot themselves in their foot here's
what happened last week everybody is
talking about Conan exhales the Conan
the Conan massively multiplayer game and
everyone can be naked and ha ha isn't
this funny right right everybody's
talking about it but it's still an early
access when the game is released no one
is going to care well then make the
money No so what do they care I think
they're losing out on potential on a
potential audience everyone's talking
about the early access now when
eventually it becomes time for full
release just no one's going to care
often men so yeah we did talk about
about but ever everyone's doing it
already so if we decided to play panty
party instead because rich and I make
smart business decision that is a fair
comment
why the fuck is Conan a craft and
survival game in the first place because
that's the mechanic I don't know that's
the mechanic just what a brawler or you
get the players Konad yep that's what
you want
yep I don't know if you can get refunds
on early access games that bastard up on
top speaking of underwear do you guys
have any thoughts on the Captain
Underpants movie who Captain Underpants
is a beloved beloved you say a beloved
book series an early reader book serious
oh this sounds vaguely familiar I can
tell you this Dave pill key is the
author of the Captain Underpants books
and he's great the my you know obviously
I've kids and my eight-year-old started
reading those Captain Underpants books
and you know he has a series of other
books too and we've read them all we
love them they're hilarious they're full
of really crass humor like a lot I mean
it's it's about a superhero who wears
Underpants and so it's you know that's
it all he has is a pair of underpants on
and so it's like a lot of potty humor a
lot of really crass jokes I love them I
love them so I'm looking forward to the
movie
but uh you know I could see someone like
an adult without kids wait I thought you
missed
rapidfire as an ability oh okay
- 15 am to take two shots mathematically
it's almost always worth it okay cool
doesn't feel like it's always worth
liking you give it up to 79 percent
chance but 64 to 64 I don't know
mathematically it works out to be better
to do the - okay great yeah Dave Hilke
is the name of the and and he he has a
like a series of he has a book like
about a little kid with a robot he has
um like David David Harrell are the kids
in the Captain Underpants books and then
they have their own series of books like
that are crudely drawn drawn comics that
are hilarious hilarious good stuff I'll
go yeah that's fine who's got lightning
reflexes oh you got a star - you can
watch them play video games in the
shovel Knight yes my kids a you can
watch them play video games in the
shovel knight review you can also watch
them you can also watch rich Evans tell
them jokes and telling kids jokes thing
I'm still shocked you have kids I think
so I think people are still shocked I
mean I'm an adult and I have children
some adults have children wait for them
weep they're fine they're fine yes
that's for then stunning range Jack
that's great I might have already
stunned the mutinied moot unmute oh
whatever whatever
I like mutant cuz then it's like a
mutant yeah but I can't pronounce things
and I said I'm saying butonly
how Bunga dogs has just got back to the
stream panty party gets good later on a
parent
yeah fancy party turns into a sci-fi
turn-based strategy game did we not play
past the tutorial no he's talking about
this thanks he just got back and that's
the job okay I thought it was so we
didn't play it off joke there's just
about to get good
okay rewind shock oh thank you rewind
shock I appreciate that I'm I was really
happy with this latest episode of a
prereq the abstract motor on episode
it's good I think it turned out really
well I I spent way too long on it but I
think it turned out really well and it
was a fun episode it was different you
know just talking about these weird
games and long-ass episode though and I
made a huge mistake I don't think that's
far enough up to trigger anything and
everybody know it's safe okay gonna safe
great great move town yeah
I didn't even play panty party if we do
it first four hours of film I haven't
you know there's enough material to make
something fun no you'll see me playing
yeah I I think we'll get something funny
out of it I have not looked at the
footage yet just because I have other
things that I'm editing right now that
take precedent over that unfortunately
long episodes are good well thanks
thanks I know I know like most people
want our episodes to be longer and want
us to blather on it's it's tough while
editing them though because you know
usually after you edit a chunk you have
to then re-watch the chunk and so of
course if the first chunk is 20 minutes
then you had that just 20 minutes that
you just have to really watch and you're
just listening to yourself over and over
and so like most of my day is just spent
listening to me and rich so it gets old
after a while and so like I do try to
cut out any redundancy and I I'm pretty
happy with this one even though YouTube
is messing up the the annotations again
I did that special you know like I added
that bit about like oh you know just
click here to watch the other video get
another video dumbass which I think was
hilarious
yeah but YouTube changed how they do
Adam and annotations again again yeah
and so like I specifically put in a
little graphic so we could put in the
little video yeah for the annotation but
now to accommodate mobile users they
don't have annotations it's just a
little thing that pops up on the corner
and so I have this graphic that point
now points to nothing right but the
annotation is still there and it's good
that it accommodates mobile users
because mobile users account for 70% of
viewership sure sure but then I would
have changed the graphic you know like
you it's it's so that they're making it
so you can no longer hard-baked in
references to the annotations which is
what we were doing yeah so we do I don't
give no fucks jack you think you think
they care about you
yep so what you think they care about
nope I don't they don't care I know they
I know they don't care about me out of
post I don't know what you're talking
about that's that seems like a weird
thing I would I would never have
anything weird in the episode that seems
weird
Eric of the North asks a very important
question jack what's your opinion on run
the jewels I just got done with their
first album I have now listen to it
several times it loved it so hard I just
got their second album today it's
fucking amazing run the jewels one and
two its killer Mike and LP its if you
enjoy hip hop get yourself those albums
fucking great another coming to Madison
soon but it's a sold its sold out show
already but if it weren't I would be
there amazing records amazing hip hop
just good good shit just good shit dense
dense hip-hop so I I really enjoy it I
really enjoy run the jewels but I can't
listen to it while editing editing
because it's very you know vocally it's
very verbose and so a lot of times I am
what I fucking rocketed him his cover
should be gone I'm sorry
ah so my mix is harder that makes a sure
thing into a risky gamble oh shit yeah
that was a fifty two percent chance
garbage shot you're right right in a
burner grenade
where do you go for boardgame news and
reviews BoardGameGeek is a pretty solid
resource they have they have really
great forms on board games that you're
looking at I really like shut up sit
down fuck they have a good way of
explaining games I've I've bought
several of their recommendation
recommended games and have enjoyed them
greatly but you know BoardGameGeek and
shut up sit down and random stuff you'll
see on YouTube that's where I go from my
board game reviews they're saying you
should use mochi as bait what's going on
here rich explain explain to me what's
happening I've got two aliens who could
easily kill me because I had troubles
early game and now I don't have good
armor okay okay so I get one shot by
either of the two remaining aliens okay
I have two moves to use which means I
can only take two shots or four with the
rabbit carbon and yo yeah if either of
these true two troops fail to kill the
target somebody's going to die okay okay
who do you got left so you got two salts
what you got Humberto and who else you
got who else has a move left Frisco
Jones Briscoe Jones and Humberto have
them a move left can Frisco kill anyone
or they're trapped inside they're not
trapped I can move them oh sure like
Humberto has a clean as a 72% child
against that guy
I get running gun but this well I know
there's one alien left up in this dark
area oh sure and that would risk C in
that but if I run forward I might get a
better shot and this is this is the kind
of tactical decision making that I love
that you get an X come the risk versus
the reward
I can bring that yeah I got a second a
52% chance to hit but I go up further
maybe it's 72 well you have 72 now well
that's for the one shot if I do have a
rapid fire oh there's a lot of number
crunching happening here I'm with you
like here's the other decision I got one
72 percent chance right or I got 250
sentence how do you do that that's a
scary fucking gamble that is a scary
gamble I run up further all of those
numbers should get a little bit better
but I risk a third alien right and and
as soon as that third alien is in sight
it is activated against you yes whoo
rich that's tough that's tough I'm sorry
Starkiller yes we usually stream Sunday
and Wednesday nights usually the stream
starts sometime around 6 or 7 p.m.
Central Standard Time
aka Milwaukee time we're doing a special
early stream today because at Super Bowl
Sunday and we want to be done in time in
case people want to watch the big game
in general I would you know we would
like to do more early streams as we know
we have many European viewers and many
people who watch alright I move forward
I took the risk
I did not I didn't change the percentage
well no night before it was like 52 now
you have double checked it was 57 ok yes
right one down we still gotta not fuck
up this other one never tell me the math
no tell rich all the math what he likes
find good cover shit oh and your one guy
and Humberto is exposed yeah that's not
good
you having a grenade and get a grenade
lift he's got a grenade gyro what now a
gyro friendly stream like if we stream
around this time more people in Europe I
can watch
which is something that in general I
would like to do more often it sometimes
it doesn't work out mostly because rich
is a night owl so getting rich up at
noon is it is usually a task ah already
four percent to forty four czar 159 oh
my god that sucks dad very sorry this
game has taught me anything it's that
forty five percent chance or under hits
ten percent of the time
let's see here is is there any chance
that Frisco Jones is in the chat right
now I think we can check Frisco Jones
let me check here probably not that's
not a name I noticed often unless
they're just kind of lurker
it's alphabetical on the side here hold
on I can I can check for you actually
it's surprisingly fast Frisco Jones is
here Frisco Jones is here if they're
paying attention if you were paying
attention to Frisco Jones yeah do I take
a second you want do you want the single
shot at 59% or do you want the
rapid-fire
at two forty four percent shots but
you're the commander rich you need to
make this decision you can't leave this
up to your grunts it's them it's them I
I know intellectually that the forty for
the two forty four percent chances is
better I know that intellectually yeah
we're waiting for your response Frisco
that's what I would do but if Frisco
Jones is here that is Frisco Jones I am
giving them the opportunity to intervene
to make their own calls to take their
own fate horns it's out you know what it
sounds like to me rich it sounds like
you're passing the buck
that's what it sounds like to me you're
coming right I'm commander and we're
gonna go rapid-fire as commander you
need to make this decision miss twice
because every time I take a 45 percent
chance mrs. 44 oh Jesus Christ did he
died
he's very injured he didn't die but he
did not died he did not died so that's
that's something that's not something
let cweigand be cweigand says since
master of disguise was mentioned earlier
do you agree brent Spiner was only ever
good as data even data just trying to be
romantic just comes off as a giant
asshole lol date of my lure I don't know
if I've ever seen him in anything else
have you ever seen brent Spiner in
anything character a Night Court
oh yeah he's good as the doctor and
Independence Day he pops up here and
there by far the best thing he's ever
done is data well by an order of
magnitude I like to mess the doctor in
Independence Day I'm not gonna say he's
been terrible and other things sure what
about Night Court
all right zaps I need you to nuke this
alien
and you didn't I'm shocked a flank shot
from a hit the Thin Man and I did not
died that's great
I did not died from that and was kind of
amazing jube and rubus is Scuba Steve
just saying thanks for being a bunch of
entertaining goobers and I must have
missed it when and how did the it's just
like Helldivers things start when
someone asked rich to play Warhammer 40k
what started when we were actually
playing Helldivers and there was one or
two people in the chat huh kept saying
yeah blade Onawa two you had to play
Donna what - Donna one - and I'm like
look I'm familiar enough with Dawn
afford to to know that it's the sequel
to Dawn of War one uh-huh which was very
much a real-time strategy game uh-huh I
don't enjoy real-time strategy games I
find them stressful I don't enjoy them
no no no it's not it's just like
Helldivers what I won't do is just like
hell dev is it's not a real-time
strategy game just like Helldivers yep
and so eventually we got around and and
to it and rich played Warhammer 40k Dawn
of War - and rich would you say it's
anything like Helldiver I would say it
is absolutely nothing like Helldivers at
all in any way that matters other than
the most superficial ways possible where
you have Space Marines on a planet
shooting an alien from a top-down
isometric standpoint well it's all I'm
saying like maybe if people saw like
screenshots of both of them maybe maybe
if you're a complete fucking moron right
you would mistake a twin-stick shooter
for a real-time strategy if they're if
you're just the dumbest piece of shit on
the planet let's say you know nothing
that mistake let's say you know nothing
about either series and you see two
screenshots ago oh yeah these kind of
look similar right just like elbows
Archie is talk again I have nothing
personal against our TSS they're just
not for me
it would be fine if I could handle the
the RTS that'd be that'd be that'd be
great but I don't like stress passed
through a road like the the juggling I
can't stand it
past the remote look back on an hour
past broadcast and you will see a rich
play Space Marine 40 camera warheads pay
40 warhammer 40k space pork a war for
Famers you know Nene chicken bay tea in
the wind
rich played Space Marine in fact I love
space marine really enjoyed it and we
played it a few times it's in our past
broadcasts yeah or up on YouTube so go
go we played it check it out check it
check out nothing against the 40k
universe I flat out said it's it's more
interesting than Star Wars from what
I've read ooh
phaser him they said him from like 80
feet away my sniper yeah but he did it
with his sidearm I don't know if that's
a glitch or what but yes that's great
you can do that with a sniper in this
game great where I'm there where the
rails know we're on the fast track home
great that's great
nothing can go wrong at this point I ate
Donuts is Jack
I bought a rival on iTunes and watched
it twice now why is that movie so good
rich go fucking see it's on iTunes you
don't have to go to a theater soon I do
that's what they say it's probably on
Amazon - I don't know sometimes when a
movie is still out you have to purchase
it you can't rent it but apparently it's
on iTunes you rich does need to see a
rival why is it so good it's because the
the the creative team behind it are very
talented individuals I'll give them the
most nod to the director who had a very
strong vision
vision vision we had a vision of the
future he had a vision and and everyone
seems to be on the same page I think a
lot of it had to do with just them
giving the premise enough room to
breathe you know like a lot of sci-fi
likes to gloss over stuff or you know
give like a one-line dialogue
explanation of some some good old sci-fi
and this this let it breathe just let's
just take some time and watch amy adams
do homework and that's what good sci-fi
needs and it's great jack is drunk today
jack is not drunk today Jack is a little
hungover today but now I'm not trying
I'm drinking sparkling water not not
booze slurring my words stayed up pretty
late last night Saturday is usually my
big drinking day terribly hungover like
I don't have a headache I don't have a
gut rot but I'm just a little extra
tired jack is drunk from yesterday today
and didn't have that much to drink
Mugen
oh wait for says thanks for the European
friendly stream of what games you look
forward to what's coming up oh you know
what I'm looking I'm really looking
forward to that neo the the premise of a
samurai Dark Souls is is intriguing to
me also robot sorry I decided oh oh and
I really liked that look the blue hair
the mustache he was great robot remember
the robot dinosaure game whose name I
can never remember because it's a really
dumb name but I'm really looking forward
to
huh horizon new rising horizon new dawn
ooh something like the horizon new dawn
that might be it yeah that's a dumb name
and it's hard to remember that name
horizon zero dawn might be it might be I
know it's a dumb name it's a dumb name
that's really hard to remember March is
a big month are a number of things
coming out yeah that's right the switch
the fucking switch is coming out Zelda I
wish it didn't have those initials
because that's gonna be a pain in our
ass by the way I keep seeing B OTW all
over read it now I'm like oh who's
talking about but yeah the word I know
yeah yep breath of the wild or breath of
the wind or whatever that is is the
robot dinosaure Twilight Twilight New
Moon right
Zelda best of the worst is coming out
the switch is coming out which I'm still
trying to get rich and I switch is sold
out everywhere hopefully we'll get a
switch that happens when you under
produce your console so you can proudly
proclaim that you've sold out we made 10
of them sold out sold out in 5 seconds
it's great so there's a lot to look
forward to him even though I've heard
nothing but bad things about his game
that automate a game Detroit automaton
Nier automata those are two different
games how Nier automata is the
bullet-hell third person game which
looks good
and thank your beloved no no the the
Detroit game remember that at Sony's e3
the Detroit game were like you were a
detective oh and it's made by the David
cage who whose games look like they suck
the game that looks like inconvenient if
it actually had branching paths right
probably gonna be one linear shit
exactly yeah
there's a lot to get excited about
there's a lot to be excited about never
try to pronounce things Jack I know
I know you but you know what this is all
I got this is all I got and and you've
got to deal with me today in a very
sorry I'm Barry Barry Barry sorry you
can feel the milk in the controllers oh
I know that's stupid it feels like there
are there's ice in the controllers but
I'm excited about the switch I'm excited
about robot dinosaurs I'm excited about
me oh I'm not excited about doing this
next mission don't yeah that's gonna
make my life harder don't get excited
about anything case in point no man's
sky I've been excited about games and
then I've been happy with those games in
the past I'm not gonna let one massive
disappointment ruin all of my excitement
I'm gonna do it is a strategy game you
take your fucking time just had a pretty
tense situation in that last operation
mission whatever you want to call it
mission like operation or mission yeah
will we be playing neo on stream I think
we want to do it for an episode and so
we probably will play it on stream but
not right away
that's probably one that we'll want to
play you know for example if it comes
out on a Sunday we might not play it
that Sunday like playing at home first
maybe play it on Wednesday an example
taking your time is for pussies what is
the Betty White clone where why are why
are balls the symbol for for toughness
both balls aren't tough but a pussy that
could really take a pounding
it's true I butchered it but it's an
absolutely beautiful Betty White quote
and and very true balls are very
sensitive yeah yeah not tough at all
yeah the new god of war with hipster
beard Kratos looks like shit absolutely
it does absolutely it does need a
boo-boo you know thinking back to
thinking about the switch and thinking
about your issue with your cloud save
that you have here I want to talk a
little bit about darkest dungeon I've
been playing a lot of darkest dungeon
recently and overall I'm liking it and
I'm playing it on my Vita which has a
cross play with the PlayStation 4 but it
has quite possibly the worst way to save
your game to the cloud ever which is you
have to manually save it to the cloud
oh nice
kappa capitals are important
oh that shift Keys broke no you should
play darkest dungeon on stream again I
think rich played it last time you you
want to play that right I've been
playing it you want stream it's well I I
have it on my ps4 oh you don't have it
here I have it oh okay oh I'm just
talking about the way the auto saves cuz
you know I've been playing it on my it's
been my Vita game you know like oh you
know I'll play it a little bit before
going to bed it'll be my bathroom game
but then I also sometimes want to play
it on my ps4 and so in order to save it
to the cloud you need to go out of the
game go to the menu choose cloud save
choose to upload the cloud save and then
remember which save is in the cloud so
when I go to the ps4 did I pay that
played on my ps4 last or did I play it
on my Vita lot so I played it on my Vita
last then I need to go into the menu go
to cloud save choose download the cloud
save and it's horribly complex it's
overly complicated yeah to cloud save
where as a super meatboy for the Vita
and for the ps4 just auto saves to the
cloud every time which means you plan
your Vita it saves it saves to the cloud
boom you don't have to worry about it
you pick it up on your ps4 it just does
it it takes care of it for you which is
something that I'm really looking
forward to as far as the switch is
concerned just not having to deal with
cloud saves yeah oh I played on the
handheld I plug it into the TV it's the
same fucking game we don't need to worry
about cloud saves I'm really looking
forward to that having to remember which
system I played it on last is is
complicated convoluted consider showing
rich Resident Evil 4 at some point that
would make a fun stream we should play
Resident Evil 4 that's a great game I
would love to play Resident Evil 4 that
on Steam it's not the one with the evil
was resident the resident is evil that's
the one where they're in Spain and
that's the that's the action schlocky
wand and its
and it's great how hard will it be to
get a switch after lunch it's looking
like it might be kind of difficult
Nintendo has recently said that they are
upping their production number because
of demand and you can get on list I have
us on three lists like we're on an
Amazon list
we're on a Gamestop list and we're on a
Best Buy list oh and we're on a Walmart
list too many damn lists well like and
that's what they say like we're out of
stock now for pre-orders but you know
give us your email and if we get any
more stock we'll e-mail you and then you
can you know get another pre-order and
so I'm just on so many lists to get us a
goddamn switch but so far we don't have
ours confirmed never played Ari for what
a true hacker x99 if there was a
franchise that you didn't enjoy
particularly no would you rush out just
to try the fourth one I played Resident
Evil 1 when it came out I'm like this
isn't for me yep and shockingly I didn't
compulsively pick up every other game
they came out with in the series just to
see how what if yep yep and you know I
had a pretty similar reaction where I
play the first one it didn't really care
for it when four came out it seemed like
a different beast it was a GameCube
exclusive I had a Gamecube give it a
shot and I ended up really enjoying it
after playing panty party you're on a
list I'm sure I'm sure I want a list
somewhere that I'm not happy to be on
for playing pinky by Odie nice shot nice
shot cuz I'm a scaredy pants
I'm really scared when I'm just sitting
there bored that's so scary isolation I
was just bored yeah I'm so frightened
out of my pants I just I was I was
talking about this some some people had
me on their podcast recently they wanted
to talk about Resident Evil 7 uh-huh and
I was I was trying to explain to them
that these types of atmosphere game
don't do it for me because there's I I
don't feel like I'm in danger where like
if you made if you gave me some more
risks if you made my character really
feel like my character was in danger
then I would feel the danger like I did
in something like blood-borne or hell
like fucking guacamelee some of those
some of those platforming levels like I
didn't want to die cuz you'd have to go
back to the beginning of the platforming
levels I had more fear in guacamelee
than I did in Resident Evil 7 I'm more
scared in Super Meat Boy because you
have to start the level all the way over
again than I am in alien isolation stop
sacrificing gameplay for atmosphere some
people like the atmosphere it just it's
just not for me it's my final word on it
you enjoy that I know a lot of people
enjoy that I don't want to people they
love the atmosphere go enjoy yourself
it's just not for me I have there's like
a movement lately has been games they've
got to become a narrative experience and
I'm like like with no concern to
gameplay
what about the strides we've made
narrative experience I don't give a shit
yeah I just have no fucking interest
holy shit you just unloaded on that guy
wash over watch guys guys guys
is there another pling keto or listening
today like the Ireland Twitter says well
you know what if that's what the fucking
Twitter said I would believe them I'm
gonna double-check this they don't care
they're Mad Men they don't care they're
Mad Men they the real big game today is
pling keto coming soon according to our
album great I love it great we have we
have shot an episode yes I know they
were editing it I didn't think it'd be
done this soon but if it is do you know
they don't care about that Delta if it's
done they'll put it out Oh stupid sorry
but that's on me so yes one is in the
can and apparently it's going to be
released today which was great I hope I
I can't wait to see it i i i it tough
for me to believe that anything positive
came out of that episode i know you're
being sarcastic but my chasing gaming's
is yeah well you don't want rich rich
you don't want gaming to be taken
seriously like movies know what I'm on
gaming to be taken seriously like gaming
you know we got this whole thing with
gaming we have this whole interactive
medium and you want to use it until
linear stories and it baffles me you
want to use it to tell non-interactive
stories yes yeah yeah we got we have
this beautiful thing with gaming where
you can have some sort of control you
have you can have player urgency
you can you can make decisions you can
affect the outcome but no no
I just don't I just don't get it
a lot of people are into it you know
whatever yeah yeah
riding the bullets is rich please please
please could you force a Ric Flair flak
cannon woo for my darling wife to cheer
her up as it always makes her laugh I
don't know if I can force it
he is playing XCOM and it's very
possible that he will be up he will be
against the odds and do something to
make it happen it's it's less severe
than the laughs I can't I can't fake my
life right I've tried and trust me I've
tried it doesn't really work it sounds
off
I think the Ric Flair was almost the
same it's got to be natural watch that
lovely that animation that FTL animation
where you get the classic whoo are you
going to play yes we are going to play
neo that's that's on my list of games
that I'm excited about
I'm officially excited about alright
let's see here blue blaze says me
personally I loved the abstract motrin
episode it took me a while by the way
just to figure out how to properly spell
abstract motrin I like the abstract - MO
- Tron I think that that really sold it
the episode exclamation point which is
very important right I had the beginners
guide in my library and played it before
watching and was disappointed in the
same way rich was but it was still a
good story and I that's why I was
equally as disappointed that it wasn't
just a documentary of course I had other
positives I thought about it here's the
problem made the major problem with the
beginner's guide as a story how long
would you say it takes to play through
that hour and a half
come on Matt did it it felt longer it
did it felt longer
that's a problem for me when you're
talking about stories I have our cord
all the gameplay I can tell you exactly
how long it took to take me to play it I
want to say about an hour and a half
it's not a good story if I'm anxious for
it to end the this is something I cut
out of the review because we we we
talked about the length of fur a lot the
last third of it could have been shrunk
down significantly as soon as the player
starts to realize that it is just a
story it needs to end really quickly
after that and it didn't it kept going
on but as as the writer I could see him
not knowing when people would figure out
figure that out you know
if you want your game to be the
narrative experience movies are 90
minutes for reason yes and I'm actually
shocked to learn that the beginner's
guide was about that but it still felt
long which means if it were a movie you
would say that pacing was horrible right
right and yeah they're like really they
he just needed to wrap up that and at
that end third I think I think would
have helped a lot cuz it felt longer I
wanted to say that was four hours the
beginner's guide
felt felt it probably felt like four
hours and you know if you were fucking
around and I could see it taking four
hours the the master I'll answer this
question because I know rich didn't like
Firewatch talking about using games for
stories why was fire watched praised for
its writing considering the script
wasn't that good I don't know if it was
I I haven't seen much love games can be
art can be art Oh hallelujah games can
be art art did you see the art Oh was so
art games aren't just stupid things that
are games they're art art it's not for
these kids I'm sorry it's not for these
kids rich I'm sorry I can't keep doing
this negative shit I'm sorry
you brought you bring it on yourself
rich you bring the new talking about
overwatch overwatch
I like overwatch we're talking about
fire watch though overwatch overwatch is
a completely different it's not good
about fire watch and talk about
overwatch more which is a great game I
will praise I will slightly praise the
writing of fire watch because I believe
that they themed the story with the
gameplay I know rich disagrees that
there was no gameplay but for me the
gameplay was exploring the area was
finding my way to the next point which
of course he had to turn off the auto
company like there it took some work to
get to that gameplay but I felt like it
artistically themed the story with the
gameplay which is why I will praise it
some people will disagree with me rich
is one of them
which is fine we can have disagreements
I don't even hate the story that was
another one where after about an hour
and I'm like I'm ready for this to be
over yeah and it went on for four more
hours I want to say it took me five like
overall took me five I was like four
more after the one oh right right yeah
yeah everyone I got it I'm okay why is
this still going on oh my god yeah so I
I will praise her for that I don't know
like if it was praised for its script or
whatnot and but also and as I think rich
agreed on this point the voice actors
were great yeah yeah and so I don't know
if that was a good script or just really
good casting like they they nailed those
voice lines I believed both of those
characters the main characters in fire
watch so a lot of people got mad that
the red herring was a red herring
ultimately was just story about dealing
with your emotions and it wasn't this
weird conspiracy thing that's going on
that was just paranoia yeah I think that
upset people who wanted there to be
something exciting going on oh sure sure
I could see that I could see that
sometimes sometimes a cigar is just a
cigar you know just a big hairy dick
sometimes the big oh sure sure at least
Firewatch was better written than any
David cage game well Wow
can't wait to play those then so what
are you guys gonna play Resident Evil 4
yeah we'll look into it I'll look into
it we'll add that to the ever-growing
list of games we should play I really
like your resume before I think that'd
make a great stream that could be a lot
of fun
if Firewatch only had text dialogue
instead of voice overs would the game be
playable still no no by the way I like
fire watch as you can tell because I'm
wearing my fire watch shirt today yeah I
really liked fire watch if there were no
if there was no voice work in that game
it would be on fucking pile I know this
statement triggers a lot of people but
fire watch is not a game that's why that
wouldn't work but I also think part of
what makes it so special is the is the
voice work so yeah if you were reading
that it would be on bearable it would be
an unbearable mess it's a narrative
thing the extra special narrative let's
talk about something I know it's fine
that's fine right that's fine bridge
would you like to talk about Star Trek I
came I came across a story yesterday
that perfectly blended two things that
you and I are both very passionate about
yeah one is the technical aspects to
producing television and movies and the
other Star Trek I came across a
wonderful article hold on I wrote it
down so I could tell you guys where to
read it on cuz I write things down on
Trek new Trek news dotnet and the hunt
the headline of the article is why we
won't see Deep Space nine or Voyager on
blu-ray have you ever heard of this no I
have not
it was one of the most fascinating reads
ever ended and I you know you guys know
me I'm a bit of a tech nerd and I really
like the production aspect of things the
the effort in remastering them would not
be worth the money they would make
selling them I think I guess that that's
basically what it boils down to god when
you get into the meat and bones of it
and they talk about why it would take so
much me because most people just think
what you scan the negatives and you
upscale and boom you got you got 1080
here's the great thing about it
so for Star Trek the original series all
of the effects were done directly on the
film negative it was shot in thirty
five-millimeter yeah so all the effects
are on the negative so it's super easy
for them to make blu-ray that they just
scan the negative boom all the effects
are there all the matting is done on the
film but for starting in the next
generation which was also shot on 35
millimeter which is a very high
resolution medium the effects were done
in cheapo standard and more importantly
like the models were also shot on 45 mil
or 35 millimeter but then each were
scanned in at standard definition and
all the effects were done in standard
definition so when it was time to make
Star Trek The Next Generation on blu-ray
yeah they literally had to re-edit the
episode really they had me they had to
rescan in every single negative re-edit
the episodes and redo all of the effects
huh huh the producer says that it costs
approximately twelve million dollars to
produce the blu-rays for Star Trek The
Next Generation isn't that insane it
makes sense but and you know at the time
they they weren't thinking about High
Definition it wasn't in the radar yeah
exactly and so for them have a science
fiction well and they needed to produce
these shows cheaply and so scanning them
in at standard definitions meant that
they could use cheap nonlinear editors
and so the the one of the more
interesting things about the next-gen
was the conversation of whether or not
because they had to redo every single
effect every little phaser laser they
had to redo for the blu-ray yeah so then
do you make it look really nice or do
you make it look like how it looked on
the show you have to redo the effect
yeah what's the call right make it nice
they decided to make it look like how it
looks because if you make it nice what
happens being different then you then
you get the respect that specialized
editions of Star Wars you know why I was
saying this cuz that's they did with the
original series oh dude they did that's
good
they probably they probably stole so
both but they redid that with all CGI
like well not all but they like shots of
the ship or CGI no really original
series they redid there is some of the
effects in CGI interesting yeah
interesting tos remastered but is there
also a TOS original blu-ray then I'm not
sure I'm not sure I'm assuming there are
I wonder hands would want I wonder if
they lost footage and had to redo it in
CG I don't know I don't know I don't
know either but in any case they didn't
try to make it look distracting either
oh that's good fine but it was CG yeah
yeah they had a they had a shot of the
new the crystalline entity that they had
to remake in using modern CG but they
also tried to make it look like how they
would have made it using the old
techniques with modern techniques it was
great it was great so so the cost was
super high and right when the blu-rays
came out for the next generation was
right when streaming media was hitting
and so it was one of those prime
examples of you could either pay a ton
of money and we're talking like season 1
on blu-ray is over $100 of next gen yeah
you could pay a ton of money have it
look amazing or you could watch the
standard-definition on Netflix and
people chose Netflix so they just didn't
make their money back for the blu-ray
release of the next-gen because no one
cared about quality they just wanted the
episodes what the quality versus
quickness right yeah yeah is that we
talk about all the time
and the people spoke and you know does
it's a it's a popular series on Netflix
and people love it and people just don't
care if it's in high-definition which is
great
High Street Co 60 bucks the season when
I first came out oh okay well now it's
over a hundred because they didn't sell
well so they didn't produce any more but
I I thought it was a super interesting
article about how the how the both the
series were produced and how they did
the effects and really really
fascinating and so to bring it all
around is why we're not gonna get
Voyager Deep Space 9 on blu-ray is
because they would have to do all of the
effects over again they would they have
to re-edit the episodes using the tapes
as guide points and it would be this
huge financial overtaking with and no
one would buy them because the those
shows weren't even as popular as the
next-gen shit so fascinating read go to
Trek news dotnet and you can read this
full interview with one of the producers
it was really great I loved it I loved
it and I said you know who's gonna want
to hear about Star Trek stuff that
rejects that rich Evans loved Star Trek
stuff
what is that thing that's a cipher desk
right in front of me I see that so if
you try to blow that up who your kind of
fact that right there just cyber disk
that right there's trouble that ride
there's a we like to call trouble
it's positioned horribly yeah if I kill
it I'm gonna take Splash Damage
does it blow up when it dies yes oh shit
I don't think it'll be enough to kill me
oh thank you colonel rich mustard ah has
AZ linked to the to the Trek news
article really fun read especially if
you're into editing and post-production
stuff which I really am it's just
interesting take that second shot or I
just get out of the way and not take the
splash damage save as many people as you
can right how much will it fuck you up
if you don't kill it I have Parmer oh oh
there will be deaths yeah okay well then
you gotta kill it then you gots to kill
it well
wise origins okay yeah I like hack and
slash dungeon crawler thank you I will
check out wise origins
I will check that out missed ya all
right anonymous says I rewatched Phantom
Menace why Lynne and it felt fun
compared to rogue one now that some time
has passed
what do you respect more the lazy Star
Wars prequels or the new and solace
cinematic universe comparing the
prequels to Episode seven in rogue one
rich Evans I love how into this game you
are take rogue water the prequels I have
set oh well that's great I have said it
before yeah
relative to their budget the prequels
are the worst films ever made
okay ever made mm-hmm I'll agree with
that relative to their budget yes yeah
how thin man's gonna kill someone
there's no
don't fuck up that shot sorry jack
trigger droids I've worked on several
commercials in different capacities both
just you know helping right being as a
creative consultant directing or editing
both television commercials and internet
commercials I've I've worked on mmm
probably 20 or 30 boom and you know what
I'll be with rich you know I I really
liked Episode seven I know rich is a
little hole Creek who was that and who
created rich that was that was Frisco
Jones
let's go Jones with the crit who's
rolling big 20s today whoo-hoo life but
yeah rogue one I didn't much care for
but I still like episode 7 and the
prequels are hot hot garbage hot garbage
I don't I don't like well I don't it's
not the worst film ever made it's not
very good don't characters serious
important action in a silly science
fiction universe yeah which is just hot
garbage hot garbage hot garbage I
suppose yeah if you're asking me to
which one like if if I got a gun to my
head and I have to watch one more I'd
watch rogue one again but rogue one has
characters I don't care about phantom
edison's characters I actively dislike
there we go that's all you need to know
that's great that's great that is great
any thoughts on the works of Don
Hertzfeld what's he done talking to me
like I'm an idiot I don't know
immediately what you're talking what
you're talking about
Don Hertzfeld is is a famous animator
and he's what he's most well known for
the little stick figure animations that
do crazy and absurd stuff he had a
wonderful collection of animations with
who's the king of the hill guy I might
the office space guy I might have seen a
lot of his work I I wouldn't know what
specifically was his to give you a
comment on him as a person and I can
tell you that I I love his work and and
he's brilliant and wonderful aha him her
Nana that sounds like I'm working more a
bit Mike judge thank you he has a
wonderful animation collection with Mike
judge and he also put out a movie called
what life is beautiful or done he's
great Don heartfelt is great I love his
work and and I hope he keeps my spoon is
too big but their stick figures and then
like they vomit it's great
once is it's great absurdist animation
once you oh then we need to just spend a
day and watch it whoa what is that
collection
what is that collection called I have it
at home
yeah his whole rejected series is on
this DVD he has a whole his whole series
called rejected which is uh you know the
the premise of the premise of it is all
these commercial pitches that were
rejected by advertisers but it's great
okay
oh yeah the spike in mic spike in mic
like animation festival collection great
it's over a decade old at this point I
believe it but you know what's still
beautiful and still wonderful we'll
spend a day and we will watch them and
they're great okay
amazing stuff okay turd smuggler 44 says
I've been listening to you while
developing film today and usually save
your streams for the weekend when I
develop your chitchat makes the darkroom
more fun so thank you for the early
stream you're welcome thank you yeah
hopefully you're working on some fun
projects thank you so those people he
kidnapped
this last photograph anyone together oh
is that it stick Lord spike in Mike's
sick and twisted animation festival it
was great it was great that's great I'll
make a rich I will make rich watch that
because because those are fantastic like
it has a bunch of like kind of early
king of the hill animation test with
Mike judge Kirk Kirk Kirk you'll let me
down he hit him rich he hit him he
didn't hit him good enough hit him like
crap that's you in james t kirk james t
kirk isn't a noted marksman rich that's
that's true yeah that's that that's
technically true yes come on come on
let's see what do we got here renegade
ik here uh says hey guys I just finished
uncharted for the combat is tedious the
platforming is fake platforming is
tensionless the story is overly padded
and predictable and the puzzles are
brain-dead simple fuck that game getting
the oh but it's the best thing ever
because it's narrative mmm immersive
linear linear immersiveness
abso-fucking-lutely rich I've heard some
people when I've I've accused I'm sure
if Naughty Dog games of not being
immersive yeah said well movies can be
immersive have you ever used the word
immersive to describe a movie ever I
have not once ever called a movie
immersive
epic I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna try
to I'm gonna try to visual masterpieces
I've never seen a movie I felt like I
was in that movie eyes immersive I have
heard I have I have never called a movie
mercy yeah I have heard people call
things like surround sound okay immerse
I know not I'm not I'm not gonna play
devil's advocate here but I think there
are aspects of movies that can help you
get immerse but know a movie is not is
not inherently an immersive artform okay
unlike unlike video games which are
inherently immersive would you say if
you are using that word you're using it
in an entirely different way when
regarding to movies immersiveness in
movies yes absolutely yeah it's it's a
diff thats a different type of immersion
look at you know remember movies are a
passive art form are a passive media you
you sit and the movie happens you have
no control you hey you can you couldn't
the only part you can play in a movie is
sitting there and watching it hey no
neon demon spoilers and I still need to
watch that
hello hax thank you for providing
quality entertainment during a very
stressful for a month of my life
lol pizzoli muy muy well I'm sorry
Christus smiled the Chi rusts the mild
cold that you're having a stressful time
but you know I'm glad we could be here
glad we could all bring some
entertainment
well then there you go Jack says
schweppe did you watch season 2 of the
man in the high castle if so what are
your thoughts on it
I enjoyed season one of the man in the
high castle you know that I started
watching it I just hated the characters
yeah nothing there were bad care if
she's there was nobody I could root for
yep yep and you know eventually some
some some characters get fleshed out a
little bit more and it's a it's an
alright show a season two just came out
recently and Lisa and I watched season
one and enjoyed it we're like okay hey
season two's out let's start watching
that right here's something for anyone
who has anything to do with television
programming writing the production of
television we need a goddamn recap at
the start of a new season if you start a
new season give me a recap even if it's
not episode one make it like a free to
watch pre episode one here's what you
know
previously on man in the high castle we
need it Lisa and I started watching
season two of man in the high castle
wait who is that guy again wait what's
happening and you know like it's a
little sci-fi II and a little timey
wimey and a little like other
dimensionally the man in the high castle
and so we spent all of episode 1 of
season 2 just going what who wait wait
who is that again Oh what happened
we were so confused that we want to
re-watch season 1 just to get prepared
for season 2 and we just don't care as
much we don't care we don't care to
watch it
instead we re watched the expanse season
1 and god damn it that's a great show oh
fuck you need to watch the expanse so
hard you need to watch it so hard season
2 it just came out and we watched the
first episode of season 2 and oh it's
good that and that is and you know what
they did a recap
we understood what was happening the the
the mid-season sense8
like technically episode 1 of season 2
came out and that it didn't start with a
previously on sense 8 they spent the
first 10 minutes
naturally recapping what happened in
season 1 just in the beginning of season
2 and it's like that's how that's how
you're supposed to do it that's good
filmmaking yeah and man in the high
castle did not do a good job of
reminding us what happened in season 1
so we were lost and confused and I'm so
sorry
fuck I love the expanse s absolutely you
do JK don't wait
great oh that's that Chad sighs Jack is
over hyping it I'm a little over hyping
it just because the new season is out
but I think it's a very good show it's a
very good sci-fi show I'm excited I'm
excited about the expanse and so yeah
I'm probably over hyping it hopefully
you can temper my excitement the sensate
christmas orgy special fuck yeah yeah it
was I'm super into that show
I like recaps but I don't think they are
necessarily needed if done correctly
they're not well liked my example of
sense8 sense8 spent the first 10 20
minutes setting up what was going to
happen in the episode but also just
through natural conversations the
characters recapped what happened in
season 1 so we we got a little refresher
of what every character is their basic
motivation what's happening in their
life what happened before and what their
plans are just all very organically and
oh shit oh I didn't know there was
another one lying around you go fuck
walking lucky rich that was amazing but
you know what if you don't if you're not
gonna put that natural recap into your
story a previously on would be nice even
even if it's even if it's a you put it a
youtube video up you know hey get
prepared for season 2 of the man in the
high castle here's what happened in
season 1 that would be this give me the
option yes since a did recast the South
African van driver and it was a little
off-putting they made a little joke
about it the character a character from
season 1 got recast in season 2 of sense
8 and he's having a conversation with
his buddy and the buddy goes you look a
little different what's going on and he
goes oh I got a haircut
so they made a little joke about it but
it was still yeah it's still off with
the orgy scene and cents a Christmas
special was better than Jupiter
ascending
i I'm still excited to see Jupiter
ascending I like white jazz skis I think
they make quality stuff I haven't seen
Jupiter ascending and I haven't seen
Cloud Atlas that's supposed to be a
weird one that they did
I haven't seen anything they've done
outside of like the Matrix films oh yeah
yeah did you see the Speed Racer why
would I want to see Speed Racer it's
pretty good it's pretty fun
III think it's I think it's a speed
racer's one that I think was shrugged
off by a lot of people because it's all
it's one of those all CG worlds yeah I
still think it's pretty but look that
look bad but in general I I haven't
heard good things about what they've
done post matrix actually I was gonna
say Matrix trilogy but just just matrix
oh yeah no but they have several strikes
against them just for the matrix equals
absolutely
I heard clot I heard um Jupiter
ascending is supposed to be utter
schlock but as someone who likes outer
schlock I might be okay with it can I
say I'm glad that the other one came out
as transgender
you're glad yeah because now you can
call on the Wachowski sisters sisters it
was really well there were the witch
house key brothers sure then what the
fuck are 
Rich: Then you could say it's the Siblings, the Wachowski Siblings, That doesn't have the same ring to it.
Jack: That doesn't.
Rich: But the Wachowski Sisters, that's got a ring to it! It works!
Jack: You know what, yeah.
Rich: So I'm, I'm glad they're both transgender.
Jack: I, I was unaware that, uh, the other one came out, or came out as transgender. So, I've just been so used to calling them the Wachowskis, which again does not have...it's, even the Wachowski Sisters, that makes them seem like an old-time Vaudeville act. Right?
Rich: Well, if the movie thing doesn't pan out. 
Jack: They get a song-and-dance routine going. They'd sell tickets like crazy. Can-can, can-can! We're the Wachowskis Sisters!
what are the odds
I'd say fairly high yeah well is there a
genetic link to this not that I've heard
well if there is a genetic link it would
make sense sure if its environmental it
would make sense cuz they both grew up
in the same environment okay and if it's
something in between they would also
make sense cuz they grew up in the same
environment so I'd say it's
pretty likely Jupiter ascending is utter
schlock but fun they said that's what
I've heard I've heard it's just schlock
adesh lakh but I'm okay with Shalaka D
Sherlock so alright I think I'm done for
now
that's fine you can be done for now I
think that's absolutely fine rich those
those missions are hair-raising when you
when you have no arm oh by the way
though
look at this Promotions yeah people came
out unscathed
except for Frisco who apparently died
what did Frisco die
no it was cold that's for their class oh
oh so I thought the whole class everyone
else had promotions and so he didn't get
a promotion there'd be a big red thing
here okay first I saw this going great
darkest well I don't want to oh don't
forget to save and upload your save to
the cloud saving here's the thing the
saving it's done automatically right
because it's I remember right yeah I
can't quit the game without saving and
even if I did some guy weird alt tab
where I closed the exe and I don't close
the game properly it would have saved it
like the beginning or the end of that
last turn attack yeah okay the weird
thing with the cloud was what wouldn't
this automatically it should
automatically update I think you have to
set it you have to set it to automatic
wouldn't be using it at all if it's not
what must have you played I never
manually told it to download anything to
upload anything to the cloud and yet
this older safe with mokey was there
I've played at home a bunch
I don't but that was after you know
playing here and doing that you should
have uploaded to the club just naturally
I don't know I don't know man it's weird
I'm saying is it's weird yeah mokey I
had a miracle yet a miracle I yeah I'm
not in favor of undoing the death here
you don't get a choice mokey mokey ran
so fast that he went back in time and
reset the timeline like flashpoint
and now things are the same but they're
kind of different and and now the future
will try to reset itself and there will
be unforeseen consequences Moki you do
you remember the last dream I think was
last dream I think you made all this
Leonard the duck Steve Gerber the
creator of Howard the Duck right kind of
stole and replace them with a clone
right right
did you know Marvel did that with the
flesh what Marvel did that with the
flash I don't know this story please
tell it to me I was I was just reading
more about the line of the duck things
reminiscing yeah really worried because
we're talking about it and I read a
story were you remember
DC's crisis on Infinite Earths mmm and
Barry Allen that that flash died he was
dead for 23 years they didn't bring him
back from 23 years later really that
character was dead for a while okay but
the that flash died during crisis on
Infinite Earths okay he ran so fast that
he dissolved and didn't oh yeah yeah you
know what I had didn't read the comic
but I saw it's one of the more famous
kind of book deaths yeah five years
later there was an issue of quasar where
they're having some kind of like
galactic race and see what the fastest
person in the galaxy was and this
mysterious blond-haired man with a
tattered red costume just materialized
with amnesia he came from some other
dimension what's your name I don't
remember it sounds something like buried
Allen mmm that's hilarious
so Marvel stole the flesh they stole
Barry Allen that's great that's great
what's quasar
there's a Marvel character sure comics
comics get complicated a lot comics are
complicated
is what I'll say

[Part III]
else for like an hour or so or are we
done or what's it going on how do you
feel yeah you want to I mean we have a
lot more tips we can chat for a little
bit yeah yeah sure sure
probably like here's my problem with
darkest dungeon yeah there's a fucking
lot to that game there's a lot of little
things and
you could play poorly while we chat III
think there's too much going on I think
I'll just do some Isaac all right that's
what I'm thinking all right I'm just
gonna do some Isaac which should be here
I was absolutely flabbergasted Marvel's
stole Barry Allen I think it's beautiful
nice memory New York oh yeah and my
games and and I'm enjoying darkest
dungeon the the part that I'm actually
not enjoying is the amount of upgrades
that you can do and you know like every
character has these like massive
upgrades and you know you have so many
characters and you can only take four
with you and so like party management is
a huge part of darkest dungeon and I'm
amazing to it but Christian broadcast it
takes so long just to get your party
ready for the mission that sometimes
that's all I can do is instead of
instead of like okay hey I'm just gonna
jump in go on a mission and and and come
back it's like I'll say okay what I can
do is jump in get my party ready for the
mission and I guess I'll pit I'll do the
mission later because it took an hour
just to get my party fuckin ready for
the mission something was getting better
at a time impossible no I think that's
just part of the game yeah it's just
actually hold on people
let me add change
the game here
and there
oh yeah
all right
yeah just Bo i voi : rebirth I don't
think this is at first but it might be I
don't know I forget hello nerds hello
corpse a lot welcome to the superb owl
stream
okay here you take that I'll take this
Oh can you get the game up on OBS
why isn't that nice probably still set
the XCOM oh you're right you're right oh
no no wait I'm here
yep I guess this is after birth
oh it's also a rebirth hey there we go
there we go I think I said the daily
challenge was pretty fun press X for
daily chant well you know what let's
let's just do a regular run first to get
mind get my Isaac legs warmed up here
how's the volume for everyone maybe down
a little bit so where'd you leave off at
the tips was the man that I counsel wise
when we did new yeah sure ma'am yeah
sure why not
Chris Cowan says Jack you were talking
hip hop hip hop every listener ever
listened to Ugly Duckling here's a taste
which I'm not gonna click on no because
we're streaming and put on great live
shows oh okay well I will I will check
that out another time Thank You Santa
gak says the cane run to start it off
with speaking of fanboy I liked abstract
Oh Tron plots it reminded me of earlier
prereq episodes like sonic most
overrated ever and Mario is better than
Call of Duty I would have called it why
sequels to I kind of games rape comedy
oh you know like that was one of the big
things of the episode is like how do you
handle a sequel in general which I like
I said I I don't know the problem is
necessarily being a sequel as much as is
you can't recreate that gimmick yeah
gimmick the gimmick the nature of that
particular gimmick is sequel poof yeah
especially with frog fractions yeah and
to be fair I don't think the beginners
guide was trying to be funny in any way
shape or form no it wasn't it was there
was that's that's why I kept giving it
such high praise is because he just
tried something really different
it was the creator of the
Stanley parable whining about how people
like the Stanley parable he wasn't
waiting and and he was jealous that they
tried to take the thing that he's so low
and profited from away from him oh no
it's so horrible to be successful you
know it's like Manistee in my art I got
Game of the Year awards do you know what
that's Mike uh I could never do anything
again no I don't think you I don't think
he was doing that I think I think he was
doing his best to explain where his head
was at I know that's how you saw it
did you read if you read into that game
did what you know what's going on yes I
could see you people like my game I
could see you coming to that conclusion
I don't necessarily agree with that
interpretation but you are free to have
your own thoughts and ideas
no I already posted a link to it in like
the comments a comic he drew after the
Stanley parable was big it was this
whole angsty thing about how he was
successful oh yeah yeah well is he
that's a different thing that's a
different thing Graham it's funny
snake in the garden says hi rich hi jack
hi thanks for you stream yeah would you
guys ever stream one of the old bullfrog
games bullfrog never heard them there
I'm GOG like themed Hospital or dungeon
keeper or a spiritual successor war for
the overworld I think I've heard of
themed hospital before Oh bulldog a
developer maybe some time shit we're
rocking this I would I wouldn't say
never
no immediate plans if you guys agreed on
everything prereq wouldn't be as fun I
agree I and you know what I I think that
was another thing that I really liked
about this particular episode was it was
another one where rich and I disagreed
and then then we can have a real
conversation instead of instead of just
like yeah yeah I'll say the same thing
you said but differently because we
agree oh bullfrog not bulldog yeah
whatever I haven't heard of it in any
case what hold on well frog what ooh
Molyneux whose company before he made
lionhead studios okay ooh Mullen you you
wacky Brit family strange the chat
saying enter the gungeon
took Isaac and removed all of the fun
parts and charm I agree I agree they who
wasn't someone in chat was saying like I
wouldn't say they removed all the charm
there is some charm to gun Jim but if
you're comparing Isaac charm to guns and
charm it's very different here's here's
where gungeon fails Isaac your your
power-ups I'll stack and mix in weird
and neat ways in Dungeon you replace one
gun for another yeah and they have
limited ammo yes it is not as fun well I
remember someone in chat was mentioning
like well since gungeon has replaced
Isaac as this kind of game and it's just
like wow are you wrong
Wow are you wrong well I guess I wanted
to do you know what replaced Isaac is
this kind of game fucking Isaac again
the blue blazes he didn't he didn't he
didn't clear his throat I just did that
the blue blaze says my last tip for
today has there ever been a game or a
game series with the biggest problem
with it wasn't fan base also would you
say Metal Gear you know is a word that's
lost all meaning from overuse edgy lost
most of its meaning yes as far as game
with the fanbase is the problem Metal
Gear Metal Gear probably Metal Gear the
others the the Dark Souls fanbase were
there from software fanbase need to dial
it down a notch you are the reason that
these games aren't as huge as they
should because and I'm part of that like
I love those games or blood-borne at
least very much so and I get the Dark
Soul series now but the fanbase is a
little over-the-top little over-the-top
hold on I want to see what this guy does
he's cheating not cheating I'm looking
at old me that the joy of these kind of
roguelike games and seeing little icon
not doing knowing what they do with the
joys the discovery of what they do yeah
sometimes I remember that I distinctly
remember having that conversation risk
of rain
yeah but risk of rain that's the point
yeah but risk brain tells you what it
does in the in the menu hold on
when used the d7 will restart the
current room and bring back all enemies
once again enabling you to farm rewards
that spawn at the end after beating the
room can be used to generate infinite
consumable company okay alright I'll go
to shot
here's yet Call of Duty fanbase
I know don't they just kind of play call
of duty well that's the problem right
they keep playing call of duty like and
that's their right they don't like
anything else it's not my business it's
like the Transformers movies fanbase are
why we still have Transformers movies so
yeah that could be a problem we have a
problem with any fanbase I'm just we're
just answering the question yeah like I
don't have any specific problems with
any favors except for maybe the from
software fans cuz like sometimes they're
just a little obnoxious fans of games
are only annoying when they won't stop
proselytizing to you why don't you play
the thing I like and like it as much as
I do which most people don't have a
problem don't have that experience but I
do yeah the show and some people want us
to play the games a baby play right
that's the only time it's really
annoying right otherwise I don't give a
shit what you like if you're hanging out
in the undertale forums and you won't
shut up a lot undertale that's what the
undertale forums are for you know yeah
jack is there a reason you're puttin all
the fires out yeah every sometimes the
fires will have random drops treasure
drops like coins or hearts and there's
no and there's no real reason to keep
them around except for sometimes enemies
can hurt themselves but you can also
hurt yourselves on fire on fire so it's
usually good to put out the fires and I
see these piles of poop right here also
good to check the piles of poop because
sometimes they drop a random items not
often but sometimes and you can get
certain items that
make them drop random items more
frequently the petrified poop being one
of them yeah I guess my coins let's see
what's in here
what a sad shop that's right this save I
don't have any money in the shop
I'm very sorry wait you can save money
in the shop between villas you can't say
huh you know what I'll just show you
okay so over here is the donation
machine you can put money in here yeah
like that and it doesn't save between
the only way to get money out of this is
by using a bomb yeah but then it could
also break it but the more money you put
in here the more items are available in
the shop so like once you hit a hundred
items in the donation bin instead of
just two items in the shop there's like
four okay and so on and so forth so
there's the money in the donation bin
carries over yes that carries over from
game to game okay but it will only
accept so many donations at a time does
that result when you blow it up no just
taking you know like it'll take out a
random number of coins like five okay
and then you won't have those five coins
next anybody in the Dornish machine
if I get one of these fires to drop
something so I can show you that thing
it really does do something nope nope
I'm just gonna be a weirdo is talking
about fires I wanna see if as d7 works
on boss rooms cuz then I could get you
mind your criticisms of undertale
because I enjoyed watching two people
discover the game and laugh at the
lowbrow humor yeah never having that
many criticisms of it it's not that I
remember
what I don't think you criticize it Anu
I was just like not super into it yeah I
did like doing the voices you know I'm
like that was fun then you know the
humor was fun it I just wasn't super
into it like like people are people are
super into it yep yep yep doing it doing
it blah great wait
say say transubstantiation
transubstantiation there you go there
you go great that's a great job rich you
did a really good job saying that word
talking about me not being able to say
bravado what did you keep calling it
bravado whatever whatever you kept
calling it it's just it's it's pavada
bravado rich it's bravado why is
vanquish the perfect game rich
fast-paced yet lots of movement lots of
action I like I like running and gunning
and and vanish wants you to move all
over the fucking place and that's it
behind cover it's it's it's got fun
weapons to shoot ok that's important
it's got some novel weapons shoot
gimmicky things that could be fun sure
the saw blade that can decapitate
enemies so it keeps it varied up it
keeps it interesting the lots of very
very enemies maybe not as much as you
getting like doom but you're not just
shooting at guys in grey outfits
important very important fun boss
battles vanquish has the most fun boss
battle I've ever had and shooter oh
really yeah
that's pretty high praise and arguably
my favorite shotgun in videogames really
yeah that's very high praise it's not
one of the week like poof shotguns then
you need to be standing like Point Blank
for it to do any kind of noticeable
damage no no uh vanquishes shotgun will
decimate a weak enemy from mid range
mm-hmm and the very least that's what
you want out of a shotgun yeah and it
has a great stagger on larger opponents
and if you blind fire it you don't quite
get a centered shot it still has a great
knock back unlike the weak opponents
it's like one of the little robots is
jumping at you in the air and yeah you
can just hit the blind fire on the
shotgun it'll go flying back and it's
very fun but logical flying back alright
that's fair these are all great reasons
to like a game good weapons varied
enemies varied weapons enough where you
can feel like the game is doing
something different yeah yes doom is a
very iconic shotgun there's up that is
up there in the discussion better perish
yes but both the stagger and the knocked
back you get out of the Vanquish shotgun
are very very satisfying these also seem
like great reasons to play vanquish if
only someone would bring it to pc god
damn it glorious day for me let's hope
let's hope that a Nier automata as well
right cuz that's the vanquish people but
vanquish has a stupid story well I'm
glad you've got your priorities straight
maybe you've never heard rich talk about
the difference between gameplay and
story before vague wishes story you know
it's perfectly adequate for an action
game ok
but rich in case in case someone like
that person is not very clear unless
they were being funny they're probably
being funny which do you think is more
important in a game probably probably
the game yeah I'm not anti story right a
good story or at least an you know a
story I can only help a game but you
need you need the game for it to help
yeah I'll bring up yours it's not
necessarily like the plot but like the
characters in the acting like John
DiMaggio yeah as Marcus Fenix yeah makes
you like Marcus Fenix absolutely yeah
colorful characters that you can kind of
like meatsack yeah carmen is always fun
so you got some fun characters mm-hmm
and it is noticeable how much they add
to Gears of War when you play Gears of
War 4 and you're stuck with Nathan flake
and his is politically correct yet no
personality crew of friends the rainbow
coalition of friends the rainbow
coalition of mannequins of American
Eagle models yes your gears for I think
is is a textbook example of what some
kind of storytelling elements can add to
your game that already works
is when you compact just comparing the
earlier here's games to four oh man
gameplays pretty much the same robot
enemies up the robot enemies suck Oh
once you get to the locust it's still
less exciting I think that's because I
don't give a shit about any other
characters
the gameplay is similar I I feel like
and you know going back and playing the
first years for the review there is a
huge difficulty difference in in Gears
for only the original years you left a
pill in the large room we'll check that
out what is that do I want that
let's randomize it I want that I will
see what that is HP up I'll take HP up
I'm okay with HP almost never do
anything sensible someday it probably
won't be any day soon but someday they
will successfully emulate the ps3 and on
that day vanquish will be on the PC or
like we said what we can hope is that a
game by this developer does really well
and then they're looking for a cheap
cash in while they're making the next
game and hey we got this we got this
vanquish game maybe we could release
that for the PC is because we're popular
right now we can hope emulated it might
not have the most support you would like
but it might be a way to hack it in
there
please mute game music I turn it down
I'm not gonna mute it if everything it's
too loud I'm not gonna mute it like the
game music part of the fun of playing
the game man you really like vanquish
huh yeah it's one of my favorite
shooters and that's despite the fact
that you have to play it with a
controller which coming from me that
speaks volumes yeah
I'll typically I'll typically refuse to
play a shooter if I have to use a
controller typically
the only reason I gave vague was your
shot was because the videos look so fun
hmm I'm down with that
I'm down with that the tech that goes
into the steam controlers Mouse like
joystick is pretty good and could easily
translate better emulations with most
controls
the state look steam controller ain't
got nothing on the mouse ain't got
nothing
the problem is the thumb we we did a
whole episode on this obviously they did
not watch it I'm saying so many muscles
arm wrist fingers goes into using the
mouse so much fine control and yet you
can do the big broad strokes the even
with the steams controller you just got
the thumb yep the the you need you need
to be able to do the turn and flick how
fast can you look around and then oh no
I'm saying that's why you need them out
you mean so you cuz you need to do the
Turner flick what you can't do with your
thumb I just talked about fucking for
quick on your hands oh no it just
doesn't work the same like how the the
question is how fast can you can you
look around and get back to where you
are looking went using anything but a
mouse and it's just not same just not
the same move a jump just not the same
yeah rich rich had a really good part in
that steam controller or like talking
about the fine motor control large
movements fine movements and then you
got you got this which you know evolves
so we could grab a stick essentially a
clamp
it's a clamp exactly we're horrible
monkeys apt Harlequins this make which
is so good it could have a dedicated
button for smoking and that has gameplay
implications it's true it's what there's
a button when your your mask will come
up and you'll pull out a cigarette
what and then it has game playing
implications because once you throw the
cigarette away uh-huh the heat sensors
in the enemy robots they target the
cigarette and not you oh that's funny
that's great yeah yeah
that's great so if you're behind cover
not that you're behind cover often in
vanquish like you have locking boots use
them right but if you warp behind cover
and pinned down by a lot of fire you'd
light up a cigarette toss it away get
out of them
don't do oh shit oh shit her tree
fucker says what I have I had to leave
for a bit so sorry if you already read
my earlier tip but I wanted to recommend
soon 5 complete addition to rich I think
it would enjoy also hello fuck my cock I
know I keep hearing about the serve like
I said 9,000 games games and you haven't
played any of the same games right hey I
haven't I didn't I don't know because I
love XCOM everyone thinks I'm like a
lifelong turn-based strategy guru yeah
it's like I didn't really get into that
kind of thing until in the last seven
years or so I you know what in case
people haven't heard your story of how
you got into X comma is a great story
yeah III got into X come very late in
the game I don't never what year was
about seven years ago like the last
ex-con would come out in like 93 and
then the fans the classic a classic XF a
they've been there was a 90s they hadn't
made a new XCOM in a long long ass time
and the ex come fans which I wasn't one
gap where you know we're hoping for a
new ex-con someday yeah and then one a
three they announced a new ex-con game
and they they'd turn it into a
first-person shooter and there was a lot
of outrage amongst XCOM fans mmm-hmm
and I remember watching that and it's
sympathizing with them I can't cuz that
kind of sucks I was like you know what
maybe I should give X kind of shot
everyone seems really upset that they've
ruined X comma what's all what's all
this fuss about it's all this fuss about
yeah I tracked down a copy of X calm and
I'm like oh this is really fucking
caught of classic exit yeah yeah alright
then like two or three years after that
possibly because of the backlash against
the first-person shooter one they came
up out with
XCOM enemy unknown which is what you've
seen be playing like constantly yeah
yeah that's I think that's a fantastic
story fan outraged caught caused you to
turn into a convert yep into it into an
acolyte proselytizing for XCOM look I
can I can sympathize I know if they
announce the new tie fire or in a plate
like Rogue Squadron I'd be pissed
they almost turned thief into a third
person game with thief three once
Looking Glass Studios one under mm-hmm
which will be telling that story to his
grandchildren I was asked to tell it I
think it's a great story it's it's it's
interesting just because let you know
for as long as I've known you you've
you've been an ex kamar you know and so
it's like just to know that you came
into X comma late in the game because of
the outrage over this this game yeah I
think I think it's I think it's neat and
I think it's interesting how you come to
to the things you love isn't is
interesting to me ya know if I ever
watch the Dead Rising video I need a
link to it I need a link to it
messages or something and it's like you
probably tweeted it to me but that that
doesn't mean oh good we get a lot of
tweets and then they they go then they
go away so email prereq at red letter
media dot come that's the best way if
you want like rich to see something okay
because if you tweet it it'll get lost
in the Twitter feed and then you know
does then it does rich no good
I knew did i play / like explain
alliance yes that the ending sucks the
endings are not ending the ending wanted
DLC to be added to it no the ending
explained Alliance wanted an expansion
pack that was never made
oh yeah that was the impression I got
Donna barn
but rich fix the ceiling sprinkler on
cam for one I was just an apprentice I'd
only been doing like two years okay
before the economy tanked yeah I
anybody who's confused right now I used
to very briefly I was a fire or
sprinkler ah installations and repairs
on fire sprinkler systems before the
economy tanked yep yep and there's so
much water pressure
oh yeah I believe it so pounds of
pressure it's a lot and you would have
to like shut off the water to the entire
system and drain it which would take a
while and you'd have to just remember
how to do it yeah I mean it's been you
know decade at this point I yeah that is
complete and utter bullshit one it's
completely under bullshit really yeah
what happens that's mechanical oh
there's a little glass thing in there
yeah solder the fluid and then when that
fluid gets heated up the water expands
and the glass breaks and then the water
and come out yeah but it's just that
individual sprinkler oh I didn't know
it's not like there's an electrical
thing and they all go off injure all
mechanical oh I like that like knowing
that
I like knowing that that's great ever
since I had that job I can't watch a
movie worth all of the spec was go off
oh no it's not how it works at home
because you could have a small fire and
you can fuck up like so much water
damage in your entire building if they
did that oh yeah yeah for like a garbage
fire and plus the area you know you'd
probably lose so much water so fast at
the area that actually needs it's not a
little bit of water like it's well it
has to yeah that's the idea yeah but
like you know when you see in the movie
they were just like a hold was coming on
no I think this is important for people
to know right you're doing important
work here
you actually might see one more
everything goes off the same building
but you will only see a system like that
I'll be installed and like a highly
flammable paper Factory you're not gonna
see that ever in an office building sure
sure for somebody in the chances but
they believe
oh no and it's like there's probably
some systems where like you can set off
all the sprinklers from one location but
it won't you're saying it won't be just
like the the lighter on the thing like a
control panel where you can tell the
sprinklers go off either it's mechanical
there's not like a do you think that
there are completely different
I like electrical systems there will be
no reason to install one in like an
office building yeah like I said if you
if you're if you're running like a paper
mill where the whole thing can go up in
like a minute sure then maybe then yes I
never worked on something like that but
it's like I suppose you you you could
pay for an expensive system where
there's an entirely different type of
sprinkler head they don't normally use
electronic way to do it and it would
cost a million dollars would be
completely pointless yeah that's what I
get that's what I'm wondering can you do
it I don't care if it's practical I
don't I don't I don't know that you
would okay that's fair like I said
there's no wiring to it it's just um
it's a sprinkler head with a glass bulb
right right that's the efficient way to
do it and a little wider
probably not gonna be enough for me you
don't think well not not not we're it's
only up there for like a second sure
sure I'm with you I'm with here that
edited fir edited for time I never I
never did that experiment but I don't
imagine that would work that he's you
know what you don't you only one do know
this is mechanical like instead of doing
the lighter and maybe you wait like 50
minutes for it to get hot enough yeah
just take a fucking hammer and
that would do it he's gotta break the
glass sure sure
you could you could throw something at a
fire sprinkler and you would risk
setting it off could you get in and then
the alarm is gonna go off once the water
pressure starts dropping as an
experiment can you just buy the
sprinkler head with the with the with
the tip like I just I wonder how long it
would take with a lighter I'm not sure
how much they cost you probably probably
good I would I would be interested in
knowing if like you know one of those uh
two myth bust how long it would take to
heat that up with a lighter well there's
different sensitivities oh this is
fascinating range and I'm not joking
yeah yeah there's like different
temperatures they go off at sure okay so
then we need to find what the average
off yeah or you know I think I think
this is most seen in like high school
you know boner comedies right when you
want to get all the girls t-shirts wet
well yeah in one room but you're not
gonna be able to do it the whole
building but I'm saying yeah
and then the fire department's gonna
show up never mad right and then I'll
put all the girls t-shirts away and you
did it or you got out of test or
whatever right so like this is this is
what we need to do is what what do it
what the what's the sensitivity that the
average high school has I think I think
the major lesson though is if you're
ever in an action movie yeah and you
need to set off a fire alarm to alert
the authorities
yeah to the terrorists that have
infiltrated your building okay don't use
a lighter hit it with something I like
it
I like it because hitting it with a
hammer will do the same thing quicker
much quicker yeah
Porky's yeah I'm sure that I'm sure that
happened in Porky's the the use the use
the sprinkler hose to get all the get
all the girls shirts wet yeah
that's classic Porky's okay
mokey be 85 hi wreckers hey mokey
now that mokey died and reset the time
loom like an edge of tomorrow you can
turn him into a mech trooper when you
reach that point in the game thanks
kosher for gory that's you know what
that that would be very edge if you
still haven't seen edge of tomorrow and
that's what I want to see yeah here's
the thing mokey
the thing with mech troopers is you're
best off using them on a soldier who's
leveled a little bit rather than on a
lower rank recruit the mechs don't get
as many stat increases like they're
aiming goes up very little okay okay
okay like let's I'm gonna pull the
numbers out of my ass great your support
gets like plus 2 or 3 aim every time
they level up connect troopers gonna get
like +1 oh ok ok so you want you want
your whoever you're gonna choose to be
my trooper you want already to be big
mokey you know what just just to be nice
to mokey I'll do it but do you want me
to do you want me to try and level you
up a bit first or do you want to just be
made straight away into a mech room as
soon as possible I think he was saying
III assumed the the spirit of with that
was when I'm leveled up turned me into a
a metroburg well if your way to a
colonel it could be a long way that
could be a very long way I'm with you
I'm with you
colonel snipers make the best mechs they
do their fucking walking death is that
true it's like having a sniper with
mobility ooh
and a fucking giant Gauss cannon with
high aim it's a fucking great that's
that's it sounds great I don't
understand exactly what that means but
it sounds great so you don't snipers in
games good aim nice fast kind of weak
yeah usually hang hang in the back give
him they turn a sniper into a fucking
cyborg man and you get that great aim
but you have a character that is fast
run around the map that optionally has
like a giant fish that would punch
things through walls all right I'm with
you I understand what's happening here
after they hear my thoughts and the XCOM
2 DLC I even I'm gonna get I'm know I'm
gonna get around to it eventually but I
was kind of holding off playing XCOM 2
until all the DLC was out and it is out
now oh okay great
so I actually haven't seen any of the
deal see yet well I know you were you
were working on your no deathrun 4x come
one and now you have this ex-con one
save which you know was all about
streaming one whole game of ex-con which
you've never done itself yeah so you had
some you've had some hurdles it's a pass
ball playing I've come on the stream
that's not gonna be a hurdle at home
I was the notice the deathless classic
run which I pulled off but I got a minor
hankering for some deus ex human
revolution now oh okay
sure sure but that who's calling you
we're working what's going on what's
going on
whose car is he oh yeah I'm live on
stream what's going on yeah yeah we says
that's fine we're streaming early his
Super Bowl what's going on news
huh yeah I'll probably will probably be
done relatively shortly and I'm very
hungry I've not eaten yet
let me call you when we're done I'm not
sure yet oh yeah you head in here
oh yo you're still in grenade
it's walking away from the cameras he
was I think that phone conversation
lasted a little longer than he was
expecting so anyway what's going on with
you guys I don't know if you've noticed
but uh my playthrough of Isaac is going
great I got the the the brimstone and
the cat head which means I'm basically
an unstoppable murder machine which you
know which is great no more bumps why
they have more bumps so you know I'm
pretty happy with being an unstoppable
murder machine and we're obably gonna
beat Satan because you know I don't see
why I wouldn't I guess we'll find out
soon because here Satan got good health
got good damage unstoppable murder
machine one thing about that is I do
want to I want to save my cat head
explosion for when Satan actually comes
down to do some real damage
yeah I've made it to Satan first you
fight the little guy here Satan version
1 yeah so now here comes Satan number 2
now I can use this and just boom
insta-kill
boom and I did it that's a great run
that's a great that's a great run
alright let's check out this daily
challenge I here with daily challenge is
good and then we'll be done I do the
data challenging then we're gonna be
done 5 o'clock
almost almost super bowel time oh also
uh red comet rising maybe we should end
it now best of the worst is up we're
about to I think we're about to lose 95%
of our audience think we're done hey
guys go watch the new best of the worst
I'm gonna you know what I'm gonna go
home and watch the new best of the horse
yeah that it was a really weird that was
a really weird one to be in I'll tell
you what new bets are the worst is up go
wrap it up wrap it up we're wrapping it
let's uh I'm going I'm sorry I unlocked
a bunch of stuff and then we're gonna
thank subscribers that you get best the
worst be over just in time for the Super
Bowl
perfect perfect oh my god this is great
this groove a great night let's head
let's thank all the people who subscribe
to us during oh also we should catch up
on the chip some chips
we need the chips you got the bleep so
you got the sweeps and you got the
creep
come on boom boom boom even though I
know the behind the scenes even though I
know the behind the scenes reason for
the scene I've seen the movie 400 times
Indiana Jones shooting the swordsman
elicits a hearty belly laugh to me every
time lol great my whip yeah it's a great
scene you know what that's a classic I
know moment from Harrison Ford where he
like as an actor he made a decision and
I know it was a more of a joke with the
Indiana Jones gun scene but character
wise it works so great so great pulling
pragma brains is dec finally watch
episode 10 of West Ward my spoiler free
comment is dr. Ford's
the old modem can eat my ass love the
series overall but that was crap your
take keep up the great work guys to try
to be spoiler free I get it I guess I
saw it coming I saw it coming
well as kind of the obvious he'll turn
but I don't know so I I'm liking where
it's going still think it's a good show
Kenzie says I had some young Simon more
cyborg named ace food woman at every
base but once ladies glanced at his
special enhancement they vanished with
nary a trace why you need to play Alpha
Centauri okay okay Nana says been
thinking about what you said about video
game documentaries since your episode
wouldn't it be great to play through a
Deb's documentary getting to play games
and their various iterations yes
imagine a doc on Eid where you play
through the various iterations of doom
seeing their thought processes firsthand
and experiencing the things that led
them to making the decisions they did
exactly wouldn't that be amazing like
playing playing through a game with like
oh here's like the temp art we put on it
just to get an idea for the gameplay is
like oh I would love to do that here
oh god I'm drawing a blank on his name
one of the guys there before he left
like when when they thought Doom was
gonna be a bit more narrative like he
made some layouts that were supposed to
be like realistic military he made like
a whole bunch of shit they didn't use
yeah let's play through that wouldn't it
be great yeah Interactive documentaries
make it happen world and it goes on to
say anyone listening don't you steal my
damn idea I think maybe I shouldn't have
tipped anonymous anonymously to hundreds
of yours oh well make that doc yes we
know with the new plink arrow episode is
up we're getting through this so we can
all go watch best to the worst this time
is Loomis's hey rich and Jack oh boy
penny party gets good this is why you
play more than four hours rich looking
forward to you setting the plink ghetto
board on fire and the new best source
LOL come on baby light my fire come on
baby laughs that's it caught up okay now
is the point in which we thank all the
subscribe to a stirring the stream thank
us again everyone for coming out during
our early euro friendly stream yes we
know the new best of the worse is up
we're gonna get through this I think
they're watching it they're watching it
in stream already my god
settle down everyone o'clock work Stalin
has subscribed to us for 27 fucking
months in a row thank you a clockwork
Stalin solo 56 7 13 months in a row this
subscription is now a teenager it's
going to start getting pimples and
having a mattress opinions it's fish bus
for 25 fucking months in a row fuck
Umberto cabbage patch 25 fucking months
and roses happy Superbowl Sunday
everyone ah pair of paradigms captain
Captain James Bay says six months as a
subscriber and I get to watch you play
panty party
what a wonderful early birthday present
8 of 10 thank you for all the laps spend
pet game maniac double o1 the real they
on for 15 months in a row says oh god
we're playing this I assume you're
talking about panty party and yeah we
did thanks for joining us
clone 27 27 says still waiting for Jesus
Christ shut up already Knights of the
Old Republic know the real neck boy says
check out the money path podcast ok my
stupid plug is over snake in the garden
18 months in a row says can't wait to
hear the story when jack submits his tax
returns to his accountant and he has to
explain penny party as a business
expense thanks guys for the ustream love
from Ireland that might be the point
where my accountant goes ok wait what do
you do for a living again and then I'll
have to show him the stream and and and
it's it'll be that look I always get
when I tell people what I do in just
like fine you know whatever I'm am mr.
Alex Reynolds says I subscribed to share
this panty based pain
it hurts it hurts bad crooked spiral
says oh the shame so much in what we do
to entertain y'all
that's for fraud tastic months leftover
beefcake 27 fucking months neurosis I
want to thank prereq for broadening my
horizons and making me a more cultured
person than I was yesterday also panties
move party time
thanks beefcake the real Kramer tip the
real camera type says prerecrich Paulo
juice
FUS phu SI did did us Lucy did his nuts
Suzie dudes nuts Lucy Diddy's nuts I'm
saying Lucy dudes nuts di des dydz nuts
sure Lucy dad's nuts whoo she died yeah
we gotta watch the work great it's my
thing van Duren heliosphere 1969 says
thanks for all the streams lol fuck my
cock and it's just like Helldivers mix
argh
comrade question hens brush 16 months in
a row says probably won't make it at the
end of the stream today but I trust you
to say something nice
Thank You Kim's approach sucess dee dee
our storm
huggy snuggle 19 months in a row Oh
bother
21 fucking months in a row says I'm
feeling fat and sassy Jay kiddo eight
seventeen months a neurosis thanks for a
good 17 months enjoy another five
dollars to go to your crippling XCOM
addiction Steve the ghost says hijack
and rich I finally made it to another
live stream Wilkins the clown twenty
four fucking months in a row duh the kid
I'm very sorry the kill shirt
mark 3 6 1 1 thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true
we really do best of the worst is on so
bye
