Oct 11, 2017
Brutal Legend
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/181593254
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/181594620
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKM0wyhfzec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xd6HUEp2QE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/918200441632186369

[Part I]
that's dream you know like I feel like
we always can stream but i all i also
also feel like always feel like it's not
100% guarantee yeah that we are
streaming hello everybody what's going
on hello live great we're here rich want
really wanted to play brutalizes play
this you really wanted to play this was
very important to him
very important to me up i feel like it
was very important to you this because
like you this is all you were talking
about yeah the only thing hey Riggs
sorry
it's like new well how'd you do that one
of my favorite game intros what are you
gonna build us like a new set this
Stonehenge stuff was funny in a kind of
ironic retro soared away the Annie don't
get me wrong you're the greatest rodeo
is everybody knows you right Nick said
anything build it right hold your horses
okay nothing we can do about that so
then we just go oh good music can I give
a shit
well I'd still like for them to be able
to hear us tiny tiny bit higher
no just crank us up there's a tiny bit
higher the tiniest of bits
yes I that's that's what I did the
tiniest bits okay so now you should be
able to hear us and the game should know
or maybe it is still I don't know I'm
sure we are going to be - oh yeah no
this is not guitar here hear you very
well great sounds nice sounds good great
game still loud no I'm fine with how is
everything hi everybody hey everybody
how's it going how's your Wednesday
how's that oh yes that's right
we can turn it down more if possible I
that's very loud it is larger than it
should be
here's the strange part is it's it's not
so light like we have a turn very down
hold hold dear your gosh dang horses
here what why can't we know I never mind
give me what I mean yeah we gotta go all
right like like they're just crazy down
because it just doesn't want to listen
to us
what do you every nasty still or a nasty
syllable okay I like that they give you
that on
please let him fall dammit
good roadie knows his whole job is to
make someone else look good for sanity
yep
nobody else knew what they were put here
to do a fine thing good roadie stays out
of the spotlight
he's doing his job right you don't need
to know he's there
the the story and humor in this game is
great if only if a game it was good to
sit something right the game wasn't
terribly well realize he was there but
you're not you're not entirely wrong and
I you know I never played this when it
came up but I'd heard good things
decent things anyways it's not always
sure what it wants to do yeah I'm a hack
and slash yeah a real-time strategy game
I don't know hey man back it would be a
little bit of everything
oh this is just a loud game
okay so what's happening what's going on
there's a demon demon he's going to slay
the the phonies and yeah good thing this
guy was she's true to the music man is
gonna bring them to the world of heavy
metal okay great
haha
that's silly you know that is that's
silly
it's the demons from spawn it does look
like maybe a form possible because
everything else
long limbs yeah remember the violator by
OES John Leguizamo as the violator
looked a little bit the big tusks made
it the face look like the violator this
I you know upon further inspection this
had little like exhaust pipe yes all
right slightly different little only
slightly though alright I don't care I
don't know what the hell that thing look
like in the movie I don't remember okay
it kind of looked like that it was it
was terrible cg.o everything in that
movie was terrible he was a clown and
then when he went to hell it was
terrible CG become for us to serve our
master so what's what's what's new what
what is new rich the only thing new for
me is you know I know we we have a lot
of stuff going on so we're we're unable
to get to our next review so I've had a
lot of free time on my hands so I've
just been binging stardew valley okay
how's your coffee farm going I'm making
some progress one out of nowhere quite
surprising to me I got married surprise
Marie you have to buy the engagement
thing oh sure but I just didn't think it
would happen that would ask as you know
played the game before and I made it a
full year and I was nowhere close to
marry in here you you did you did
nothing but give penny presents yeah and
the good presence - I grew poppies right
away and then I didn't sell them I just
saved them and every time a profitable
is your farm you know how profitable is
you far oh right now making mad money
mad mad money I'm at the point now where
I'm making like nine ten thousand
dollars a day right
it's great you know I got my I got my
mayonnaise factory going I found a
dinosaur egg so I'm incubating a date
it's always a fun find pretty exciting
about it pretty excited about that and
and I've made it just fairly deep into
the minds then so you know a lot of good
resources penny isn't opiate addict yes
you need to do it's a lot of lot of
resources you just need from the mind
it's it's forcing combat on me I don't
like that oh it hasn't really been that
bad you know like I'm just taking it
five levels at a time like okay I got I
have a few hours I'll just get down five
levels and I'll be fine so I just got I
just reached a level 105 I I decided you
know I had some money and here's
something you should know rich I don't
know if you noticed when I was 32 Valley
I did that probably did not what I went
Joe Jamar
I did it I did it live stream you didn't
know oh you monster
I know monster here's the thing your
arguments made
and another thing that I learned after
is if you go full Community Center
Jochem March shuts down yeah that is
people out of work yes
yeah these are my friends and neighbors
they get good cheap goods yeah yeah
nothing there is nothing wrong at going
cold Joe Jamar and so I decided I had
some money so I built up a decent amount
of money but I don't have any coffee
beans yet because you know you get him
from the Traveling Salesman but it's a
random chance yeah and he hasn't in
hadn't yet or when he did have him I
didn't have enough money so I did I've
been building up this money to buy
coffee beans but I just sorta decided to
invest in something but I decided to not
go green house right away yeah and so I
did the minecarts
so I could move around a little faster
this is the green house easy to get once
you go joke 35,000 wouldn't you get a
right way done to buy other things first
exactly oh that's nice yeah that is nice
so arguably very worth it and so I've
almost built up enough to buy it already
yeah I know I've already I just got the
minecart so now I can move around town
really fast which I'm excited about
you know minecarts that's that's one of
the best just to get to the mines and
back and in a blink of the eyes right
this game is made of album covers
absolutely that's the whole point
wait I think well you know my my goal is
to have a coffee farm and so you know
what I'm what I'm hoping for is to get
all of my coffee beans and some nice
sprinklers and basically just turn my
greenhouse into a coffee bean factory
just so people know good luck watching
the VOD cuz it's gonna get muted a lot
mister we're not planning on monetizing
this one it makes its way over to me
I'll tell you strange before we before I
continue on my study balance I will talk
a little bit about copying us in
abstract past couple days I have been
battling in groove music incorporate in
groove music incorporated in groove
music is a company that helps distribute
music and so if you are an artist you're
good you go to end groove music and then
they help get your song
or they help digitally distresses your
music and apparently they have opted to
digitally distribute one of the artists
who does a song on the soundtrack of
ruiner because they put a copyright
claim against us for room just for 30
seconds for one song in ruiner hang on
and I just disputed the claim because we
have rights to monetize that I've never
touched an axe before yeah these are the
mad copyright strats so there are
certain companies that this is what they
do they they put out blanket copyright
strikes against thousands of youtubers
I'm sure hoping that no one disputes
them so they can nickel and dime them
that's what I really okay audio yes
person in chat what's the name again
they did do Rob Halford is a voice in
this is I believe he's two different
voices and Ozzy Osbourne is in this but
just look at all this other other
rock-and-roll names involved with doing
voices in this game yeah yeah company
does that shit with all classical music
right and so even though we are free not
only to stream but to monetize
playthroughs of ruiner they are still
attempting to put are they attempted to
put a copyright claim
and a lot of times what will happen when
when that happens like I always checked
who put the claim on it so like for
example if Nintendo like Nintendo put a
claim on us for the Metroid sandwich
defense all right you know that's
Nintendo that's fine I'm not gonna
dispute that but a lot of times it's
these random companies in groove music
whatnot whatnot and then as soon as you
dispute the claim they drop it but I
disputed the claim and they reinstated
it and that's when it can get dicey as a
youtuber because then if you dispute it
a second time and YouTube's fine finds
you in the wrong you get a copyright
strike on your channel and that means
you can't monetize for so many days you
have a you have to upload schedule you
get you get restrictions put on you get
a strike
and so they refuted my dispute and I had
to make that decision whether or not it
was worth it first possible strike right
yes luckily ruiner is a game by devolver
digital and they have a very clear you
tubers can monetize our games no matter
what policy thought it took a little bit
of legwork I need to
I needed to fill out some forms download
some stuff just to have stuff ly ready
in case YouTube aspirins
I got all the I got all the paperwork
done and YouTube sided with us that we
were free to monetize that video so we
won in the end right yeah which is nice
but it was it was a pain in the ass
couple of days
they should have the same punishment for
those putting the strikes on I agree
agree with that I call it the druid plow
let me show you how they uh I don't know
I don't know how it works the other way
around
you have awakened the spirit of the
beasts into it seems like a complete
pain in the ass these days it can be it
can be and a few of our videos have been
flagged as inappropriate content you
know they did the big advertiser
friendly push where as you can see this
is just like the target this is just
like it's not the feeding area gates
unfortunately a bit for the advertiser
friendly D monetization there is just
nothing that you can do or that rich and
I can do about it because one of the
guidelines is do you swear and so I
can't refute that because they'll watch
five seconds of one of our things and
will swear right and so it hasn't
happened to all of our videos and I
haven't noticed negative any negative
outcomes so I have been letting sleeping
dogs
oh they were playing a Barbie board game
in slang to say exactly exactly
alright so unless rich and I want to
completely stop all cursing which I just
don't think is gonna happen no there's
very little we can do eight bucks and
YouTube advertising revenue well so yeah
so far it hasn't been I haven't noticed
the difference if it starts if we start
noticing a difference you know because
we we make a fair amount of money not a
ton but a little bit every day of this
we're playing this on PC I don't know if
it's available on ps4
I know double I mean Double Fine has
been re-released and a ton of their
stuff I have no idea where this is a
little bit of mine sorry recently teases
this then they say if Psychonauts to did
well and they tried to brute legend - oh
I don't know about this some kind of yes
that is a vagina monster they're all
let's just be honest
yeah like I said you you guys know I
side with YouTube when it comes to all
this monetization stuff because I know a
lot of people have been pointing out
like YouTube has been doing crazy stuff
about monetizing videos based on
tragedies and there have been some
inconsistencies in their policies
nothing's happened to us so I can't
really talk
vagina monster - shut up look
it's actually sexist the other day the
vagina monster is pushing itself that
vagina monster can't take no for an
answer and let's see here
valiant blood shot says hey guys got
back from New York comic convention this
week it was a blast best part was
bumping into AJ Ballman cosplayer very
first thing we said to each other was
very
that's great that is great
there it is dead and you I will now
teach you hang on
yes that is Jack Black during The Voice
the villain we're going to meet shortly
yeah Tim Curry good on yeah yeah good
old Tim Curry
he's everything
Brian Abram and I yes
you used to be fair you deny I hate you
too obvious here but here is in the
review what I will say is what are what
I said in the review was I thought they
made exactly the type of game they were
trying to make and it wasn't something
right if you are to play stardew valley
you either need to be prepared for some
monotony or go in with a goal it's you
make or break the game is is my thoughts
on and I continue to have those thoughts
but now that I have something that I am
working towards it's a very different
game before when I was just kind of
playing it to play it it was cute but
very monotonous
you know I was directionless I didn't I
was go here I'll go here I guess it
didn't it didn't jive from him but now
that I have an end goal like I'm into
everything I'm getting married I'm
checking out the mines I want to go to
the desert I want to go everywhere do
everything because I know what my
endgame is you know yeah yeah but if you
don't go in with an end game in mind I
think I think it could get boring and
repetitive sweet sweet sounds Tim Curry
playing field adventurous they say it
was the fire Beast
Oh m'god into himself
it's cool-looking man has a voice like
sexy Melvin like rough sex of Elvis
which is all a good thing that's exactly
have you ever seen the Rocky Horror
Picture Show I've never sat down and
watched the whole thing
it's not for me I loved it I was I was a
regular at the midnight show back back
in the day I was a regular at the the
Oriental used to do a weekly Saturday
night midnight screening of the Rocky
Horror Picture Show they would have
actors recreate scenes that had special
things they were doing shelter
transportation so many details to manage
sounds like what you need is a roadie
what's a roadie with some titles way to
go oh and rich there is a we have we've
gotten some small updates speaking of
Kamikaze small updates people have been
chiming in with their thoughts on the
history of cosplay okay because I know
this is something you brought up last
room is your what you is you had a your
theory you're worried yeah I wasn't
saying anything definite no nor the
record no no but your theory which i
think is a sound theory is is it is it
either got its start or was popularized
by Star Trek convention yes
but it's specifically Klingons right
yeah a couple people have chimed in
saying that it wasn't popularized the
very least a couple people chimed in one
person stating that it got it starts in
Japan okay for anime conventions which
makes a lot of sense someone who
actually claims to have done an
anthropological thesis the history of
cosplay I don't know if that's true or
not but that's what they're claiming say
saying that it
it's early days were actually in for
Flash Gordon Flash Gordon the Flash
Gordon I don't believe that's this is
what this is what they're saying I I'm
not saying I believe them
I'm repeating the things they said of
course I I will go along with you to say
that Star Trek conventions specifically
are what turned it from something ten
people knew about to something a
thousand people knew about you know
right wait a minute
you can you can dress up and go to a
convention what so someone might have a
PhD in cosplay maybe not a PhD in
cosplay but like you know a PhD in
social constructs or social history
can't because going back on me but
according to this person who apparently
had did their thesis on cosplay it's
it's tough to trace the origins and it's
tough to trace where it when it became
popular because before the 1960s this
isn't necessarily something that a
newspaper would cover right and you know
personal cameras weren't necessarily a
thing back in the day and so it's it's
actually very hard to trace the origins
I've been a it's like oh this is
interesting
it is interesting I want a documentary
I'm sure there's a doctor
see the mr. four I don't know if I can
believe you says actually I have written
a thesis on LARPing to study behavior of
alternate masculinity and flush Gordon
does make sense to me though I am more
limited in us limited in us limited in
us limited in you
Eastern populations so I'm not the best
person to ask okay there's no time for
this history of cosplay would be a more
interesting document at being about
cosplay you could do that you could do
both
you know like I if you follow some
cosplayers on my few intersperse yeah
I'm like making their outfits and you
know going and you know show them at a
modern convention pictures take and all
that fun stuff and then you know you cut
back and forth to the East Room what are
you doing
the boring parts doing getting a few
collectables in a way to worm going next
do what you do man you know what you
keep doing it I'm glad I'm glad games
don't do this kind of shit too much
anymore for of 100 things that kind of
shit rise this came out when every
fucking game did that that was never fun
everything was a collectathon yeah yeah
I'll be ripping okay quiet time until
Jack gets back glad time to jackets back
everyone here I'll go I'll go to the
section where there's some dialogue
during the silence so there's not just
silence what are you doing get in the
cart I don't know if I need you in the
car from the inside
Oh philia what demon if you allowed to
fall you home this time oh hello
don't mind just open world she's Lars
his little sister little high-strung
Lars
so let me get this straight these
performers they don't even have to tune
their own instruments that's our job the
roadies the rock stars job is just to
deliver the audience to the promised
land of Rock fascinating um can we get
back to the part where you are summoned
here from another world
oh yeah by this little guy here you were
brought here by Orma Godin the eternal
fire Beast the cremator of the sky
destroyer of the ancient world yeah I
accidentally got a little blood in its
mouth and a totally woman that's on me
there are those who speak of a day when
Orma Godin the fire beast shall bring a
warrior into this world do you destroy
us to deliver us there is some dispute
about the translation but having met you
I can tell that you are here to help us
to lead us to wage war against the
demons to liberate humanity hell yeah
I mean hold on a second I don't know
anything about waging war but I'll tell
you what I do know
I know from meeting you Lars that you
are the true leader here not me what I
know is how to put a crew together and
how to keep it organized and how to take
it on the road that my friend is exactly
what we need but I'm sure you must be
longing to read through it their
homeland
all right so where's your army Lars we
have none
general lion White has taken away most
of our young men to toil in his mines
and he's taken our women to serve as
slaves in his decadent pleasure tower
let's go get him back no you are not to
go near lion white again
you were almost impaled last time
compromise we'll get the dudes first and
then they can help us get the ladies
what time to break the chains you the
mines he's a savior although very hard
break out in a random Flash Gordon music
huh flesh I love that singing of all of
us love the movie when I was a kid
loved that movie now I haven't seen it
since I was a kid I haven't seen it
since I was old enough to take it
seriously
sure it's campy it's it's it's I think
it's the right way to get them out of
the pleasure town I have a little
concern a fine movie with fine costumes
absolutely Queen does equal the best
I think it's like you know think about
Queen songs and movies they're always
the best
yeah Flash Gordon they're Highlander
themed nothing is better than their
Highlander theme
it's kind it's a it's a slightly food I
mean who wants to live forever is a
brilliant song I meant like the theme to
the TV show what TV show the Highlander
TV show oh well uh born to be kings I've
never watched the TV shows it was a
great um I liked that in Texas Walker
Walker Texas Ranger just shows my dad
loved oh I mean listen it was a
Highlander TV show it was a TV show
about people cutting each other's heads
off it was great and as far as I was
concerned how do they handle the
capitation zhan that show tastefully
yeah you know
you know you a close-up of the sword
swing and then a body would fall okay
never really see the head but also it's
been a while since I've seen it but I
remember loving this shit out of it
Adrienne Paul that other blonde kid
who's like a Highlander in training he
was like the Wesley Crusher
was the girl what I'm doing there was a
love interest on that show right
she wasn't though she was not she was
not a Highlander Adrienne Paul is the
highway yeah well there's more than one
Highlander right but no there the love
interest was not a high okay I guess she
had added drama if she's going to die
someday
right yeah yeah can they can they ever
truly fall in love because one of them
won't be able to make it
yeah I was a huge fan of the show and
then one of the later movies that it was
a crossover between the movie and the
show Adrienne Paul was in the movie it
was like Highlander five or something
right right it was great
beautiful so they tied the continuity
together maybe or was it an alternate
universe kind of thing it's been a while
since I've seen it so I honestly don't
know I just don't remember
I'm it's just a baggy sweater it's not a
fur coat I'm just wearing a baggy
sweater because it's getting cold out it
is fall now in Milwaukee and it was
fucking cold to do it here coming up is
Ozzy Osbourne
where you said it was happening you said
it was happening right here
where is it my memory isn't that good on
the dragon statue as I played this a
little bit earlier in the week long
maniacal laughter
well it's about fucking time not bad
he's just playing Ozzy Osbourne I
thought he might be like you know Ozzy
Osbourne's gonna be one of those big
dudes in the bag you know but just half
as Ozzy I was before us but now he's
just playing Ozzy Osbourne oh yeah yeah
remember you played a TV and
evangelicals in trick-or-treat let's see
what we got here Brown Adam Sandler says
installed
XCOM - played a couple missions and I'm
really like any quick tips for a new
play i watch the streams but never
really paid attention to what you were
doing in games having trouble there's
any quick tips like you know for example
like is there any you know there's a lot
of things you can do in your base what
where would you suggest someone starts
with base building up what upgrades are
the resistance ring probably a more of
the chosen destroys one think rolla
tactics cool because you want that extra
squad member upgrade soon as you can
fire tribute when the paid univ tributes
come see me I'll share some more secrets
of metal with you like how to turn that
little beast you got over there into a
real month among other things amazing
god there are these voices here you have
you have no idea how many takes they
probably had to do though
gods have already paid me tribute so
maybe we could talk secrets now yes take
care of your car keep these strings come
with a free paint job I should mention
Kane comes in many flavors I've got a
couple of moves I could show you a
couple moves I can show you it is not so
much after your knee calluses come in
here to make you mark on the world we
will have to do for a fire tribute
please the fucking gods of metal man
figured it out right okay Ozzy Ozzy Ozzy
he'll do anything
they're not a terrible thing to do for
money no this is I'm just saying in
general don't run with the details but I
know he was fused to do this if they
also use songs from so-and-so arrival of
his arrival well who was did that
replaced him in Black Sabbath I think
was him
did he good I don't know the details
mmm I just heard there were shenanigans
do I thought that was it I didn't wanna
I don't want to say shit without knowing
for sure oh but you have to have deal
well I got you know deals kind of newer
metal he's not like classic metal like
Ozzy is but I would that would that must
have been a really tough call because do
is a powerful metal
I think they they used one of his songs
and like one of the early trailers of
this game but nothing that made it into
the game because of that sure cuz Ozzy
had his way yeah No No Deal isn't new do
is new as compared with Black Sabbath it
was mine was my intent that's what I
meant to say
I know I just offended every metalhead
is this game gonna be muted for
copyright no this is just how it's going
we probably just more monetizes yeah
that's fine let's just take the claim
cuz like a copyright claim doesn't hurt
us at all yeah like if if double fine or
whoever puts a copyright claim on it
then they either get all money from
monetization or they choose where it can
be viewed and so if there's ever like
for an example if there's ever like a
YouTube video of ours that's you can't
watch cuz you're in Canada it's because
someone put a copyright claim on it so
this is it the crushing pit hundreds of
our strongest young men toiling their
lives away like theirs and grandfathers
before them given no tools skulls their
head banging to break rocks that's great
that's great to go that won't hurt us
what will hurt us is if a copyright
claim is made against us I wish I could
help them and they want it removed and
we don't remove it then we get a
coverage right that's the bad part but
obviously if they want us to remove it
we would just remove it a claim does not
earn a resolution Lars right now it's
time to sound the battle cry have you
been looking at my sword
I need to get back to play there is one
non something dangerous Metalocalypse
songs that we've been here oh yeah
Dethklok song mermaid er I think it's
the last one you can get nice nice
fucking nice that's how I found out
about Metalocalypse really yeah do this
game you heard mermaid mermaid er yes
and you knew you must you must get into
that whatever it was really sad bro
hands
you don't have to be slaves
I got into middle oculus because I was
watching a lot of late-night awesome
it's called heavy metal and it's the
real reason you should bang your heads
not for that guy but yeah screw this
place
no our manager says that we just work
hard and produce a high quality product
that we'll be able to move up to couch
guard jobs in the generals pleasure
tower there's gonna be piles of chicks
we're with him hey man sorry
oh is this here like real-time RTS like
real-time RTS yep tutorial sure
look at that guy look at that dickhead
that's great that's great it's it's at
the it's equally ridiculous and
wonderful
the man I have wanted to do that forever
that's for killing Charlie bastard oh
hey okay
yeah I got nothing bad to say but it's a
classy trip look what's class machine
and I I saw I saw that it came out the
other day and I was like oh yeah what's
that oh you know and I just have not
gotten around I mean I'm going to see
the movie I know I'm going to see the
movie already so I just do not care
about the trailer so that's all I got
I've seen the poor I mean I've seen them
in Toy Fair things that look like
adorable penguins is the worst thing
about the trailer okay here we go
they put a porn in the trailer yeah
gotta have the kids
okay I'm gonna turn around now and if I
see anyone following me I'm gonna be
really disappointed yes you guys back
for now but now we got to huddle up for
the big finale oh yeah or was horrifying
how big how big a part of the trailer
was the four small pores are an obvious
marketing plushy toy right they got to
make their money back they paid nine
hundred billion dollars for Starla well
they're making their money back goddamn
it
you call it be benign bb-8 was adorable
that was an adorable part of the Star
Wars movie they need now they need
something on you and adore big enough to
take on the real lion white we're gonna
need some more dudes Ray's kind of what
do you say officially a princess so
Disney can have another princess kind of
think of who the latest Disney Princess
was wanna that's what I just said that I
literally just said Yoanna I mean what
is it why does that mean Ray can't be a
princess because Disney likes two
princesses I think ray is I guess I've
always assumed that Ray is already a
princess that's not you just can't
declare someone a princess but too late
too bad how about I did I did
she's she's princess tend to him
it's in Dantooine Jack ooh what Jack ooh
she's princess ray has never been to
tattooing
no no dent and which which looks almost
exactly like had to it she is princess
of jakku but the force awakens was not a
ripoff of a new hope because jakku was
not tattoo when I was not the tandem the
pork is the new Princess I'll take that
I'll take that
is that either crude oil yes and pusher
pusher pusher to kylo would also make a
very good Disney Princess I agree he
already is Prince cuz Princess Leia
oh sure so he's he's an actually he's a
friend he's card he's a he's a
card-carrying place he's in he's an
official Prince not an unofficial
princess great well we don't know her
parodies yet and she's she's gonna be
royalty just because it's Disney and
they're gonna want to make her one of
the princesses right I feel like they've
just been treating her like a you
wrongly assumed that this game was a
hack-and-slash no it's some real-time
strategy with some hack and slash
elements yeah
it's bizarre it's unclear whether the
game doesn't even always know what it is
which is as a game it's the games dump
overall expiration now we're a
hack-and-slash realtime strategy I don't
know yeah the fun the fun yeah here's
how the Osborne cheese look at one man
that's cool
come on just like practice
it's like going back to whether or not
Rey is a princess so her parents would
have to be royalty right but we haven't
really met any world unless unless she's
secret unless unless Leia had an affair
Leia had enough oh well I guess Han
could have left you gonna have grown up
spring alright princess diana's kids
they're still princes she wasn't she
wasn't she wasn't a princess by blood
right but
oh I'm assuming that Leia was married on
time okay yeah so then she would have
had to have an affair someone else like
okay unless unless unless raise Han
Solo's kid as well oh but then but then
why would why would you hide it's too
weird why would you hide one kid and not
the other yes I almost think she can't
be Leia and Hans kid for that reason but
they might pull something out of their
ass
well she was so powerful with the force
we had to hide her away we couldn't say
anything good unless they pull that out
of there at once well that's why I'm
assuming well her parents can't be
anyone's super important or else we
would have met them all that is I guess
what I'm trying to say
there's how many this is one of the five
original series characters exactly they
can make somebody up oh sure but then
why even have her you know her parentage
you know be important ray-ray is the son
of Luke and Leia you heard it here first
daughter but
Raees Lando's love child with chewy
alright see now we're talking I would
love it like what if Rey is like Leia
and Landers
yeah that's nothing you know I like that
would be fun it's not very likely Lando
came by to collect on his old debts and
you know I was gone on a mission or
something I think people will burn out
on Star Wars soon know if it hasn't
happened by now it's never gonna happen
I used to think that was gonna happen
yeah but in it now I'm wrong it never
will it never will I mean really it
depends on how bad these side stories
are I think we have at least 70 more
years of Laura Dern Star Wars 70 can we
turn off subtitles wife
you know what may happen if we're lucky
if we are lucky what may happen is this
Han Solo side movie comes out and is
garbage like rogue one no rogue woman's
garbage they love it
well what I'm what our Wars look how
long was the expanded universe around
Star Wars fans love garbage I'm trying
to be I'm trying to be optimistic here
if the side movies are garbage then
people will say well we won't see them
we'll just see the main movies and then
you know at least there won't be one of
these one a year nonsense
robot leg Darth Maul was a thing robot
leg Darth Maul existed it exists oh yeah
yeah
yup the eyeing up the eyeing up the
Eastern populations so I'm not the best
person to ask okay there's no time for
this history of cosplay would be a more
interesting document at being about
cosplay you could do that you could do
both
you know like I if you follow some
cosplayers on my few intersperse yeah
I'm like making their outfits and you
know going and you know show them at a
modern convention pictures take and all
that fun stuff and then you know you cut
back and forth to the East Room what are
you doing
the boring parts doing getting a few
collectables in a way to worm going next
do what you do man you know what you
keep doing it I'm glad I'm glad games
don't do this kind of shit too much
anymore for of 100 things that kind of
shit rise this came out when every
fucking game did that that was never fun
everything was a collectathon yeah yeah
I'll be ripping okay quiet time until
Jack gets back glad time to jackets back
everyone here I'll go I'll go to the
section where there's some dialogue
during the silence so there's not just
silence what are you doing get in the
cart I don't know if I need you in the
car from the inside
Oh philia what demon if you allowed to
fall you home this time oh hello
don't mind just open world she's Lars
his little sister little high-strung
Lars
so let me get this straight these
performers they don't even have to tune
their own instruments that's our job the
roadies the rock stars job is just to
deliver the audience to the promised
land of Rock fascinating um can we get
back to the part where you are summoned
here from another world
oh yeah by this little guy here you were
brought here by Orma Godin the eternal
fire Beast the cremator of the sky
destroyer of the ancient world yeah I
accidentally got a little blood in its
mouth and a totally woman that's on me
there are those who speak of a day when
Orma Godin the fire beast shall bring a
warrior into this world do you destroy
us to deliver us there is some dispute
about the translation but having met you
I can tell that you are here to help us
to lead us to wage war against the
demons to liberate humanity hell yeah
I mean hold on a second I don't know
anything about waging war but I'll tell
you what I do know
I know from meeting you Lars that you
are the true leader here not me what I
know is how to put a crew together and
how to keep it organized and how to take
it on the road that my friend is exactly
what we need but I'm sure you must be
longing to read through it their
homeland
all right so where's your army Lars we
have none
general lion White has taken away most
of our young men to toil in his mines
and he's taken our women to serve as
slaves in his decadent pleasure tower
let's go get him back no you are not to
go near lion white again
you were almost impaled last time
compromise we'll get the dudes first and
then they can help us get the ladies
what time to break the chains you the
mines he's a savior although very hard
break out in a random Flash Gordon music
huh flesh I love that singing of all of
us love the movie when I was a kid
loved that movie now I haven't seen it
since I was a kid I haven't seen it
since I was old enough to take it
seriously
sure it's campy it's it's it's I think
it's the right way to get them out of
the pleasure town I have a little
concern a fine movie with fine costumes
absolutely Queen does equal the best
I think it's like you know think about
Queen songs and movies they're always
the best
yeah Flash Gordon they're Highlander
themed nothing is better than their
Highlander theme
it's kind it's a it's a slightly food I
mean who wants to live forever is a
brilliant song I meant like the theme to
the TV show what TV show the Highlander
TV show oh well uh born to be kings I've
never watched the TV shows it was a
great um I liked that in Texas Walker
Walker Texas Ranger just shows my dad
loved oh I mean listen it was a
Highlander TV show it was a TV show
about people cutting each other's heads
off it was great and as far as I was
concerned how do they handle the
capitation zhan that show tastefully
yeah you know
you know you a close-up of the sword
swing and then a body would fall okay
never really see the head but also it's
been a while since I've seen it but I
remember loving this shit out of it
Adrienne Paul that other blonde kid
who's like a Highlander in training he
was like the Wesley Crusher
was the girl what I'm doing there was a
love interest on that show right
she wasn't though she was not she was
not a Highlander Adrienne Paul is the
highway yeah well there's more than one
Highlander right but no there the love
interest was not a high okay I guess she
had added drama if she's going to die
someday
right yeah yeah can they can they ever
truly fall in love because one of them
won't be able to make it
yeah I was a huge fan of the show and
then one of the later movies that it was
a crossover between the movie and the
show Adrienne Paul was in the movie it
was like Highlander five or something
right right it was great
beautiful so they tied the continuity
together maybe or was it an alternate
universe kind of thing it's been a while
since I've seen it so I honestly don't
know I just don't remember
I'm it's just a baggy sweater it's not a
fur coat I'm just wearing a baggy
sweater because it's getting cold out it
is fall now in Milwaukee and it was
fucking cold to do it here coming up is
Ozzy Osbourne
where you said it was happening you said
it was happening right here
where is it my memory isn't that good on
the dragon statue as I played this a
little bit earlier in the week long
maniacal laughter
well it's about fucking time not bad
he's just playing Ozzy Osbourne I
thought he might be like you know Ozzy
Osbourne's gonna be one of those big
dudes in the bag you know but just half
as Ozzy I was before us but now he's
just playing Ozzy Osbourne oh yeah yeah
remember you played a TV and
evangelicals in trick-or-treat let's see
what we got here Brown Adam Sandler says
installed
XCOM - played a couple missions and I'm
really like any quick tips for a new
play i watch the streams but never
really paid attention to what you were
doing in games having trouble there's
any quick tips like you know for example
like is there any you know there's a lot
of things you can do in your base what
where would you suggest someone starts
with base building up what upgrades are
the resistance ring probably a more of
the chosen destroys one think rolla
tactics cool because you want that extra
squad member upgrade soon as you can
fire tribute when the paid univ tributes
come see me I'll share some more secrets
of metal with you like how to turn that
little beast you got over there into a
real month among other things amazing
god there are these voices here you have
you have no idea how many takes they
probably had to do though
gods have already paid me tribute so
maybe we could talk secrets now yes take
care of your car keep these strings come
with a free paint job I should mention
Kane comes in many flavors I've got a
couple of moves I could show you a
couple moves I can show you it is not so
much after your knee calluses come in
here to make you mark on the world we
will have to do for a fire tribute
please the fucking gods of metal man
figured it out right okay Ozzy Ozzy Ozzy
he'll do anything
they're not a terrible thing to do for
money no this is I'm just saying in
general don't run with the details but I
know he was fused to do this if they
also use songs from so-and-so arrival of
his arrival well who was did that
replaced him in Black Sabbath I think
was him
did he good I don't know the details
mmm I just heard there were shenanigans
do I thought that was it I didn't wanna
I don't want to say shit without knowing
for sure oh but you have to have deal
well I got you know deals kind of newer
metal he's not like classic metal like
Ozzy is but I would that would that must
have been a really tough call because do
is a powerful metal
I think they they used one of his songs
and like one of the early trailers of
this game but nothing that made it into
the game because of that sure cuz Ozzy
had his way yeah No No Deal isn't new do
is new as compared with Black Sabbath it
was mine was my intent that's what I
meant to say
I know I just offended every metalhead
is this game gonna be muted for
copyright no this is just how it's going
we probably just more monetizes yeah
that's fine let's just take the claim
cuz like a copyright claim doesn't hurt
us at all yeah like if if double fine or
whoever puts a copyright claim on it
then they either get all money from
monetization or they choose where it can
be viewed and so if there's ever like
for an example if there's ever like a
YouTube video of ours that's you can't
watch cuz you're in Canada it's because
someone put a copyright claim on it so
this is it the crushing pit hundreds of
our strongest young men toiling their
lives away like theirs and grandfathers
before them given no tools skulls their
head banging to break rocks that's great
that's great to go that won't hurt us
what will hurt us is if a copyright
claim is made against us I wish I could
help them and they want it removed and
we don't remove it then we get a
coverage right that's the bad part but
obviously if they want us to remove it
we would just remove it a claim does not
earn a resolution Lars right now it's
time to sound the battle cry have you
been looking at my sword
I need to get back to play there is one
non something dangerous Metalocalypse
songs that we've been here oh yeah
Dethklok song mermaid er I think it's
the last one you can get nice nice
fucking nice that's how I found out
about Metalocalypse really yeah do this
game you heard mermaid mermaid er yes
and you knew you must you must get into
that whatever it was really sad bro
hands
you don't have to be slaves
I got into middle oculus because I was
watching a lot of late-night awesome
it's called heavy metal and it's the
real reason you should bang your heads
not for that guy but yeah screw this
place
no our manager says that we just work
hard and produce a high quality product
that we'll be able to move up to couch
guard jobs in the generals pleasure
tower there's gonna be piles of chicks
we're with him hey man sorry
oh is this here like real-time RTS like
real-time RTS yep tutorial sure
look at that guy look at that dickhead
that's great that's great it's it's at
the it's equally ridiculous and
wonderful
the man I have wanted to do that forever
that's for killing Charlie bastard oh
hey okay
yeah I got nothing bad to say but it's a
classy trip look what's class machine
and I I saw I saw that it came out the
other day and I was like oh yeah what's
that oh you know and I just have not
gotten around I mean I'm going to see
the movie I know I'm going to see the
movie already so I just do not care
about the trailer so that's all I got
I've seen the poor I mean I've seen them
in Toy Fair things that look like
adorable penguins is the worst thing
about the trailer okay here we go
they put a porn in the trailer yeah
gotta have the kids
okay I'm gonna turn around now and if I
see anyone following me I'm gonna be
really disappointed yes you guys back
for now but now we got to huddle up for
the big finale oh yeah or was horrifying
how big how big a part of the trailer
was the four small pores are an obvious
marketing plushy toy right they got to
make their money back they paid nine
hundred billion dollars for Starla well
they're making their money back goddamn
it
you call it be benign bb-8 was adorable
that was an adorable part of the Star
Wars movie they need now they need
something on you and adore big enough to
take on the real lion white we're gonna
need some more dudes Ray's kind of what
do you say officially a princess so
Disney can have another princess kind of
think of who the latest Disney Princess
was wanna that's what I just said that I
literally just said Yoanna I mean what
is it why does that mean Ray can't be a
princess because Disney likes two
princesses I think ray is I guess I've
always assumed that Ray is already a
princess that's not you just can't
declare someone a princess but too late
too bad how about I did I did
she's she's princess tend to him
it's in Dantooine Jack ooh what Jack ooh
she's princess ray has never been to
tattooing
no no dent and which which looks almost
exactly like had to it she is princess
of jakku but the force awakens was not a
ripoff of a new hope because jakku was
not tattoo when I was not the tandem the
pork is the new Princess I'll take that
I'll take that
is that either crude oil yes and pusher
pusher pusher to kylo would also make a
very good Disney Princess I agree he
already is Prince cuz Princess Leia
oh sure so he's he's an actually he's a
friend he's card he's a he's a
card-carrying place he's in he's an
official Prince not an unofficial
princess great well we don't know her
parodies yet and she's she's gonna be
royalty just because it's Disney and
they're gonna want to make her one of
the princesses right I feel like they've
just been treating her like a you
wrongly assumed that this game was a
hack-and-slash no it's some real-time
strategy with some hack and slash
elements yeah
it's bizarre it's unclear whether the
game doesn't even always know what it is
which is as a game it's the games dump
overall expiration now we're a
hack-and-slash realtime strategy I don't
know yeah the fun the fun yeah here's
how the Osborne cheese look at one man
that's cool
come on just like practice
it's like going back to whether or not
Rey is a princess so her parents would
have to be royalty right but we haven't
really met any world unless unless she's
secret unless unless Leia had an affair
Leia had enough oh well I guess Han
could have left you gonna have grown up
spring alright princess diana's kids
they're still princes she wasn't she
wasn't she wasn't a princess by blood
right but
oh I'm assuming that Leia was married on
time okay yeah so then she would have
had to have an affair someone else like
okay unless unless unless raise Han
Solo's kid as well oh but then but then
why would why would you hide it's too
weird why would you hide one kid and not
the other yes I almost think she can't
be Leia and Hans kid for that reason but
they might pull something out of their
ass
well she was so powerful with the force
we had to hide her away we couldn't say
anything good unless they pull that out
of there at once well that's why I'm
assuming well her parents can't be
anyone's super important or else we
would have met them all that is I guess
what I'm trying to say
there's how many this is one of the five
original series characters exactly they
can make somebody up oh sure but then
why even have her you know her parentage
you know be important ray-ray is the son
of Luke and Leia you heard it here first
daughter but
Raees Lando's love child with chewy
alright see now we're talking I would
love it like what if Rey is like Leia
and Landers
yeah that's nothing you know I like that
would be fun it's not very likely Lando
came by to collect on his old debts and
you know I was gone on a mission or
something I think people will burn out
on Star Wars soon know if it hasn't
happened by now it's never gonna happen
I used to think that was gonna happen
yeah but in it now I'm wrong it never
will it never will I mean really it
depends on how bad these side stories
are I think we have at least 70 more
years of Laura Dern Star Wars 70 can we
turn off subtitles wife
you know what may happen if we're lucky
if we are lucky what may happen is this
Han Solo side movie comes out and is
garbage like rogue one no rogue woman's
garbage they love it
well what I'm what our Wars look how
long was the expanded universe around
Star Wars fans love garbage I'm trying
to be I'm trying to be optimistic here
if the side movies are garbage then
people will say well we won't see them
we'll just see the main movies and then
you know at least there won't be one of
these one a year nonsense
robot leg Darth Maul was a thing robot
leg Darth Maul existed it exists oh yeah
yeah
yup the eyeing up the eyeing up the
forty artifacts donated to the museum
right now and you need 60 in order to
get into this - I just want to get into
Sears not named for any particular
reason so I'm trying to get to the
bottom of the mines and just getting
that cash get that cash for the green
house all right let's see here
gainfully it says hey fellas what would
each of you say you looked forward to
the most that totally let you down Mass
Effect 3 why you fucking asking
gee I've never heard of this rich
evidence fellow before I wonder it is
most let down by a good question
I'm trying to think of what I've been
most let down by and I don't know if I
have a fair answer maybe this isn't this
probably isn't like the thing I've been
most let down by but something I was
very led by down by that I can think of
at the moment is the watchman okay I had
I I made the mistake I I reread the
comic right before I went to see the
movie I was super hyped and and I
thought it was pretty bad okay so I
would say that's something that I was
very disappointed by is the watch such a
good form such a good
I'm not saying that's the thing I've
been most disappointed by but that's
just as something I can think of right
now that took way too much time if I'm
gonna get these to the kill master and
time I'm gonna have to book yes the game
probably should have had more of this
type of stuff in it I agree with that I
I don't actually
this sounds really bizarre for me to say
I don't hate the RTS kind of sections of
this game I wouldn't want them to gut
that but yes it couldn't use more haggis
slash level you fight a boss you use a
little bit more than yeah
Zack Snyder did as good a job as anyone
could do with that
batshit-crazy graphic novel this is
something so weird one to make a movie
out of the wash bin it is I think the
problem as far as I see it is Zack
Snyder didn't understand what made the
novel so good is it was about a bunch of
losers yeah they they should never have
had the cool fight scenes that was
completely besides the point that was
completely missing the point that was
completely missing the point
so so no I don't think Zach Snyder did
as good a job as anyone could have done
I would have much rather seen that as a
smaller personal indie movie if it was
going to be anything and it didn't need
to even be a movie it's such a good book
the whole point of of the book is a
superhero deconstruction though the
point of the book is superheroes are not
the end all and be all they're a bad
idea they're not a real solution to
actual problem that the book spends its
entire length hating on the concept of a
superhero and what we've learned from
Zack Snyder's later films is that he's
really bad at deconstructing things he
recently like something came out about
Zacks talking about I guess people just
don't like deconstruction that's it's
like no you're just bad at it you are
bad at deconstructing things I don't
think Ellen Moir hates superheroes I
thought he just chose to look at them
from a this is an interesting angle yeah
would this be well but this really work
in the real world
no no wouldn't they be horrible they'd
be they're kind of the fascist by me and
in fact in fact they're so fascist they
kind of hold control over anyone they
they could do something big and horrible
for the betterment of our for what they
see is the betterment of the whole world
that most people would find awful let's
write a book about that the movie
completely misses the mark
it hits all of the same notes as the
book but not correctly it's a cover band
Alan Moore once expressed regret that
people thought well sharp is awesome
because an L in mind the whole point of
roe shark was he's just a creepy weirdo
he was not supposed to be likable now to
be fair Jackie
hailey hailey
jackie robinson crusoe the actor the
actor who played Rorschach did a great
job he did a great job he's got a serial
killers name though
this is one of those three name names
Jackie Earle Haley okay yeah it's a
surreal absolutely he played it very
well but yes that that scene that scene
in the prison I'm not trapped in here
with you you're trapped in here with me
we're not supposed to think oh yeah we
are supposed to be creeped out by the
fact that he wants to be where all the
bad guys are yeah so no I there are many
things that I've been disappointed by
but that's just the first example I can
think of that the ball
is that true quickly he's that he plays
the terror in the tick series that's
great so when is the rest of season 1 of
the tip coming off as I am holding off
until it's more than four episodes no
it's like six hey I want out of know you
you want the full season yeah I don't
know actually I think it's not coming
out till next year
boy Ellen Moir really misread his
audience aid no the Ellen Moir made
would Alan Moore made other other than
Rorschach or were shark are they for the
most part people got it yeah
this is somebody isn't it I can't
pinpoint this voice dude that's Brian um
those things will fuck you Brian Posehn
from they have quills of Steel he's that
giant creepy dude in every friend okay
you would know his net you would know
his face hold on I will that is
basically well I'll show you his real
face I can beat that many points I don't
know Sarah Silverman show that sounds
that sounds right yeah he's in that
right oh god how do you
here we go
alright I'm getting a picture
come on
hold on
where is it how does the internet work
there it is okay I figured out how the
internet works rich everything's fine
okay familiar yeah yeah he's he's a he's
an actor he's a well a well known actor
comedic actor stand-up comedian he's
been in everything
one of those porcupines do to me I gotta
hunt them for the side mission he has
ten more to get to kill the right amount
of animals until I can summon the razor
hogs whenever I want there's there's
motorcycle warthogs in this game cool
and if I do and I stop at the hunting
mission once I get to the razor warthogs
the motorcycle razor warthogs cuz I can
ride them and I don't want to lose the
thing that summons them yeah replace it
with a different animal yeah I do that
quest right up until they're well that's
good to know
hey you guys roasting weenies or what we
heard a bunch of enemy Scouts we're
gonna cruise through here soon so we're
hiding out we're gonna ambush them
wait so you're hiding out okay let's see
here anonymous says hey guys you guys
don't mind I'd like to sit in on this
ambush what
I'm trying to think
okay I'm gonna read this like just cuz I
don't understand it anonymous says hey
guys
individual responsibility versus
collective protection that's the
question
just got out of emergency surgery to
surgery teams of five days stay $20 for
parking if this isn't good
Ray's dad is Snoke I just don't
understand the statement it sounds like
it sounds like you're talking about some
sort of universal healthcare system
right which if your question is do I
want that the answer is yes but I pay
for my own health insurance and the rest
of the world is going wait you don't
have that right I think most people are
on board with that now but uh universal
health care should pay for the parking
honestly honestly I'm surprised they
didn't cover that
let's see here
total lammer says this is so not Star
Wars related Jack are you gonna get the
horizon zero dawn expansion I saw your
tweet about finishing it a game hasn't
gotten to me a game hasn't gotten to me
like the ending cutscene at that
person's yeah I would say in a long time
honestly yeah that was a really solid
ending I felt you know horizon zero dawn
is a big game and it's been a long time
since I finished a game that big and
it's even rarer that I will go back to
finish a game that we do for the show
because once I'm done talking about it I
feel like it is purged from my system so
I did I like very often I don't feel
like going back because I've done all I
could
I've said my thing and I say no more but
horizon zero dawn I felt an urge to
finish it I really really dug it I'd
actually I'd ugly ending so much we want
the expansion I don't know if I want to
ruin my warm fuzzy fool that gets rid of
my warm fuzzies delete the expansion
right now I have the warm fuzzies
respond
they're called Raptor Elks and they're
carnivorous and I already hold the
record for hunting oh yeah what's that
15 I can beat that easy I get moving if
I were you
you can always go back to pub G beefcake
was was making fun of me saying that a
pub G might have some sort of coffee
related expansion and so I'm like like I
went back to start do Valley for coffee
maybe I could do the same for pop G yeah
I understand I still have not
reinstalled pub G and I'm trying to stay
strong I still stay strong implies you
want to I do want to just do it but I
don't want to that doesn't make any
sense we're not talking about crack
cocaine
generally speaking I want to play pub G
but I always feel bad after I planned oh
that's totally the case yes yes that's
why I just don't want to play pub G
right if were AIA same person rich I
would feel the same way I just wouldn't
want to play it yet apparently I'm not a
same person exactly I love and hate pub
G much like I love and hate myself it's
complex emotions which
pubsey is fun as long as you don't try
to win no I like over overall I really
think it's more bad than good
it just always leaves you unsatisfied
and so that's I've kept it uninstalled
and it will be down I just never I need
more people to watch my six I need like
eight people to watch my six and then
maybe I could do well okay see that's
the thing
dreamer TK makes a decent point where
it's like I do want that chicken dinner
like I want a legitimate chicken dinner
and I didn't get a chicken dinner in my
play time and so no no III I wanted the
chicken dinner not a chicken dinner that
is given to me by a teammate I did not
contribute at all during that game part
of the team I was but I would yeah
exactly but I did not contribute at all
too much through the chicken dinner that
my team weren't even other than uh who
wasn't pipes it was it was it I'd I
don't feel bad now cuz they earned the
chicken dinner yeah on stream but you
were the third you know you're the third
of the squad to bat you almost made it
to the end
it wasn't like you were first out oh
sure no no but again my I I feel like I
did not contribute to the win at all
you shot a guy who was on the ground and
dying again I I feel as though I did not
contribute to the win at all they're
saying not rejecting you were a valuable
decoy
so I that's so I yes that that will it
will remain it will forever remain
complicated with me and pub G because I
did not get ever get a chicken dinner I
can feel good about but I'll be okay
with it because overall I'm satisfied
dr. chug but mud says dieting question
trying to lose the last five ten pounds
have you heard of people cutting out
fruits because of sugar thoughts dr.
Chuck but mud that's what I do six days
out of the week I have absolutely is
close as close to zero sugar intake as
possible I have no fruit I don't even
have a sugary vegetables during the
weekdays sugary vegetables would be
something like carrots peas or have a
high sugar content absolutely it's still
sugar like it even though it's natural
sugar it's still sugar that will
definitely help cutting out first you
don't know where I got this razor fire
boys wow you must have heard about them
when word got around how I slaughtered
so many what is it some kind of record
and I can beat that easy
I get moving if I were you I slowpoke
welcome milk a sugar yes I so six days
out of the week I do no dairy no sugar
no carbs of any kind no fruits you know
like the the only sugar intake I get is
I have a little bit of grapefruit juice
when I drink coffee but grapefruit juice
is a fairly low sugar fruit juice so
Jack Reed tips I'm getting there make
that badass he'll 'mobile yourself how
do you stand up I still move I get in
yep
I get calories but they all just come
from green vegetables beans and lean
protein so we keto then pull yourself
out on the second set kind of yeah so
six days out of the week is an
incredibly strict dietary no sugars no
fruits no carbs no nothing and then one
day of the week is my cheat day I get to
eat whatever the hell I want
usually hostess cakes all day and beer
is every Saturday yeah the idea being
instead of it's kind of like
consolidating all of your bad impulses
to one day and there's no you can't do
enough damage on one day that you can't
undo in the week plus so that's my
that's my routine so far I forget when I
started this but I'm 12 pounds 195 at
last at last lowest so pretty pretty
happy at that under the team huh I've
been trying to get the kill man
Thursday's as rough there's Wednesdays
and Thursdays like tonight is getting
rough really feeling that hunger huh
tomorrow's the day that I really heard
for then Friday smooth because I know
that tomorrow is Christmas Saturday's
food Christmas every every single
Saturday it's every Saturday is a
holiday rich every Saturday you ready
for that demon attack yet no I can't do
nothing one day done do the recipe
challenge accepted listen usually Sunday
morning I'm a
I is so may I assume just assume you eat
a comical amount it's gonna pass through
your system before your body could
absorb most of it possibly yeah that's
my my completely uneducated wild
assumption sure sure
I I don't know the science behind it I
this is the diet that I did to lose a
bunch of weight before and I'm using it
again and so far I'm losing a bunch of
weight I'm losing a bunch of weight
again so it's a little slower going this
time just because I didn't start as
heavy as I started last night is the
heavier you are the more overweight you
are the easier is to lose the weight or
at least initiative just because so much
of it is water weight you just you know
flush very easily so this time I'm
starting not as heavy as before and so
it's a little bit slower of a process
but it's working yeah we're talking
about a comical amount of food though
we're not talking about a normal amount
of food we're talking about Brian
Butterfield levels which which isn't
physically possible
oh yeah like money we're talking about
enough food counteract a whole week full
of very strict diet I'm Jack in the day
I I did a calorie count for one of my
cheat days and it was something insane
it was like three or four thousand
calories and one of those was like and
then like and then it was it like an
additional two thousand just for
breakfast it was nuts right I think if
like if you eat too much you then you
just feel sick and rose vomit
yes but I yeah a lot of cake a lot of
beer pizza strings carb with the parties
and cheese any any sort of carbs and
cheese may be pain comes in many flavors
3,000 is not that much you don't it's
it's been a while
way back in the day when I was doing
this at first I did one day where I just
painstakingly counted all the calories I
didn't achieve especially compared to a
normal day where I'm very light
calorically
okay see you later guardian mmm

[Part II]
thanks Kellogg's cornflakes they said it
certainly is starting to show up in my
face before my face was getting a little
bit bloated but now I'm losing it in my
face you look skinny I'm feeling pretty
good about it pretty good
that's not even them just saying a nice
thing if you're feeling you look skinny
thank you I'm working on it
do I look skinny huh you do fucking liar
well I said that because you set me up
to lie and set you up the lie I need
mean and honest you know what
since I'm skinny I'm gonna go wait 18
cheeseburgers cuz I can thank you for
your shit thank you for taking that
weight off my shoulders Jack I'm gonna
go pig out right now it feels okay
here's the problem rich usually I'm
looking at you on camera when I'm
editing the episodes last episode I
didn't see on camera so I have no true
gauge for if you look skinnier but often
quite oftentimes the chat does say that
you look like you've lost weight I have
started to eat a little bit better like
recently yeah that's good night I'm not
doing any kind of like saying dieting a
high-level dieting like you are just
don't eat as much like crap
which also works that's a find iron-rich
just don't eat so much like crap a find
eyes
ladies I'd like you to meet my razor
girls all of these okay I've played
through this game before and bizarrely I
suppose I kind of like the RTS parts of
this game and I anything it has to do
with a couple of things compared to a
lot of RTS is very small small little
Maps you can't really have more than
thirty units it's manageable and you're
also in the fray as your character which
is fucker so it's like RTS light yeah
all very much like yes this time though
let's keep the doctor nearby just in
case mousetrap
oh here we go son of Jaina says
pronounced Jaina Warcraft character I
know y'all are big sci-fi nerds but what
about fantasy things do you like Xena
D&D; Lord of the Rings thanks guys all
the best
I'm sure this fantasy I like I don't run
across fantasy as much I think start
naming me fancy things I like Conan cool
it yeah I like I don't know if that
counts is fantastic on suspension but I
like cones all right this is strong you
know fantasy elements do it like Earth
sure Laura the Rings is a bit too dry
for me though I know I don't get it
I like Lawrence I'm okay I'm okay I'm I
don't want to say I like Lord of the
Rings because then people will assume
that I can list all of the elven Lords
of the gray and more or whatever I can't
I like I really enjoyed the extended
edition of all the Lord of the Rings
movies Star Wars the Star Wars doesn't
really do it for that much
I watched both Xena and Hercules when I
was younger if that counts as fantasy I
loved the shit out of Xena mostly though
probably because of Lucy Lawless let's
be honest that's why everyone wants sure
but she had the little bring thing and
she would throw me grant she would do
the lalalalala when she did a flip that
was awesome right great that was great
so you know some fantasy I'm okay I've
talked about D&D; before I think given
the right circumstances I would love the
fuck out of Dungeons & Dragons its Big
Trouble in Little China fantasy
someone's the saddest thing in big
trouble around that's Chinese mysticism
in a modern day setting fantasy it's not
okay when you think of fantasy though
you think of fantasy world I don't where
they don't have yeah they don't have
modern technology is there a difference
between fantasy and mysticism obviously
there is a Venn diagram there's a
there's a cross there that it has cross
over but very dangerous as far as as far
as like stuff like Xena D&D; and Lord of
the Rings is concerned that's pretty
general Tolkien s orcs and shit I think
that's what most people think about when
they think about famously
they think about orcs and shit elves and
orcs and shit
'if that's totally a fantasy inspired
world yeah
do they have elves and orcs and shit no
they have other weird shit though what
the fuck are you doing here yep so what
you're talking about is a wholly
complete fantasy setting that having
nothing to do with with modern dates
well if you're gonna save somebody do
you like fantasy it's kind of implied
isn't it that's kind of thing you're
talking about it's you know it's one of
those things because like I would also
count like Harry Potter as a fantasy
universe even though it has modern
elements in it and so it's one of those
mix back okay
right like Doctor Who is very fantasy
ish but many modern-day settings and so
you know just trying to get the get the
term sound and so for example if Harry
Potter can count as fantasy
theoretically Big Trouble in Little
China could then Iron Man does because
the Mandarin write this you can really
stretch it if you want we got a big
world of loose definitions rich and
that's all I'm trying to do is pare it
down magical reality is a better term
for stuff like Harry Potter
magical reality is a fine term then for
Big Trouble in Little China
that's true rich is talking of course
about the comic adaptation of the
Mandarin not the excellent portrayal by
Sir Ben Kingsley
you know Iron Man 3 a perfect action
Chernobyl kinsmen of course we want to
split hairs on a pedantic level that's
what we are here for that is our main
purpose in life
okay atomic mousetrap says Alan Moore
doesn't believe sincerely good people
exist that's the major reason his comics
are different okay
also he sucks and I hate it says it
doesn't weirdo I don't fun stuff yeah
fun interesting more so than fun
or can you
I think they spawned out there No
bad timing on my part sure
you boys are trying to kill me
which should be boys hey
that's pretty sweet right there well the
idea of riding around a motorcycle Pig
yeah pretty awesome oh yeah with razor
tusks yeah the fact that it's on fire is
really just a bonus
let's see here the true-blue review says
have you ever bought a game on impulse
forgot you bought it see it on sale sale
later try to buy it and realize you
already owned the game I don't think
I've ever actually done that
specifically also totally unrelated any
tips on trying star do them maybe tips
I think they've purchased stardew valley
ages ago
and then there was a sale recently and
they tried to buy it again the only the
only tip on stardew valley is have
something that you want to work towards
have an idea in mind do you want to be a
master fisherman do you want to explore
the caves and be a fighter do you want
to grow a specific farm have some sort
of idea of where you want the game to go
as far as buying stuff on sale I I you
know part of it is is the the the
problem we have where we just buy a lot
of games you know for streams and for
stuff I constantly forget what games I
have to play
and having multiple systems and multiple
games across multiple systems does not
help
i-i-i i'm trying to think of a specific
example I have definitely like bought a
game for like the PlayStation 4 forgot I
had it and then bought him again for the
PC and then just said well I can't fuck
it whatever notice yep
bonus game thank you so much peaceful no
so that's happened a few times let's see
what we got here
doctor lube it up says hi rich hi jack
yesterday was my 29th birthday happy
birthday
congratulations hey I bought a switch
Mario XCOM and thus ness Minnie my
family was very confused by all the
Nintendo shit I bought for myself
well that's not I mean that first of all
that just sounds like a great food paper
in congratulating
and all the new fun gaming times we will
be having I'm fighting guys
okay well there you go
let's hear bright oh Christ
for short says hey guys thanks for the
laughs I sent you guys a copy of six
string samurai over the summer on a whim
don't expect anything to happen but
either have either you lost it before
it's dumb it's fun Hudson chaos no I've
never seen Manos hands of faith rich no
I have it
I know it's famous I haven't seen it
though Jack Oh hold on Farah didn't let
me see oh I did sorry I missed it
I missed your tip Feridun many apologies
so no I have not seen Manos I know
that's one of those famous bad movies
that everyone has seen I have not I'm
very sorry Feridun to 772 says probably
my last tip for a while as I'll be
leaving my job soon and making a big
move so I got to make this one count
Star Wars trailer Harvey Weinstein porks
Blade Runner DC EU Orville Star Trek
this ran out you ran out of yeah no
those are all the but that's all the big
talking points that's all that's all the
big ones and we've we've mentioned most
of them I still have not seen the new
Blade Runner but I'm still also looking
forward to seeing the new Blade Runner I
know it's not doing terribly it's not
doing terribly well at the box office
are you shocked about
named Ike and J are not shocked by the
they're not shocked they are not shocked
by that it is a name that people
recognize starring two very big name
actors yes it's a weirdo sci-fi movie
but it's a name people know and two
actors that people know so yes I'm a
little surprised that it is tank oh I
don't know if it's tanking but it's not
doing well at the box-office
it's tanking you think it's tanking yeah
it could be tanking but it's a it's a
recognizable name and two big-name
actors but people really know Blade
Runner people won't shut up about it
everybody knows Blade Runner look I can
understand if it were a super hit but I
figured it would make enough to be
successful yeah
it's almost three hours long yeah yeah
that's long and I'm sure it's weird oh
I'm sure it's a weirdo size 5 which is
probably why I'm going to like it
Oh gonzo the great has a great point
here there aren't any laser swords in
him people don't like it if they don't
have the laser swords but I'm still
looking for dirt I'm gonna go see it I'm
gonna actually really try to see it in
the theater which is not something I get
to do very often because of the children
not a kids movie playground
yeah
let's see here GABA quail's says today
today is my birthday
and I wanted to share my joy can I have
a happy birthday from you guys let's see
here valiant blood Johnson's AJ's I was
informed by the CEO of valiant that the
director of the Harbinger film is Justin
tipping he directed a film called kicks
which feels like Harbinger also it may
be rated R it should be rated R it
definitely definitely should be rated
out what's happening general like I said
harvester is one of those harbingers a
comic book series that I really enjoy I
really like the long-form the pacing of
it though so I feel like it would be a
hard thing to Smosh you'll use into one
movie trust me man I would love to see
Harbinger as a series best engineer and
meet me in the Northeast field I got a
plan but you know if they're making a
movie yeah it's not like not like I can
do anything to status are you an
engineer
what's an engineer no idea come with me
but it definitely definitely should be
rated R
this game looks amazing where can i buy
it I believe you have it off of gog gog
calm gog drm-free if you if you must I
believe it's also on steam of so it's
available on personal computers yes or
ps3 xbox360 sure yeah sure last gen this
is the direction they'll attack from you
think yes yes the soundtrack of this
game is fucking amazing burst who's who
of classic hard rock and metal on yes
possibly the best rock show ever a show
where I'm from this guitar makes noises
here it blows stuff up so I can't wait
to see what a full-on rock show does
young man welcome to the road crew get
some friends we got stuff to do oh and
Jack Black who doesn't like Jack Black
forget to listen to Jack Black talk I
think some people don't like him for
some reason really I don't know I mean I
haven't liked movies he's been in but as
a person wasn't he one of those cases
with people started hating him because
he was popular in a lot of things okay
we just got so popular and they didn't
like black jack Jack Black is that true
I could be wrong maybe I ran across one
person who didn't like Jack Black and I
thought it was a thing people are saying
they dislike jock
there you go that's so crazy to me I
know like I know he's bit listen he's
been in some not that good movies he
made some you know questionable choices
and he continues to do so as he's in the
new Jumanji movie good stories the
Titans were said to have summoned a
force from deep within the ground with
special rituals chance I I think he's
great forgotten they used this forced
power there
higher civilization he's obnoxious oh I
watch it you know he's got a thing he's
got a thing and I like the thing that
he's got their fans they've come for the
show and yes with the energy of the fans
we can do anything they look bored I can
fix that he's been in some shit movies
but I don't mind him I I also like I
have a small experience with Jack Black
when we were making one of our high five
video we're doing high five inauguration
and he agreed to be in the video but we
had very little time guys so hey you
gotta come to my hotel room
we got to film it and be out we have
very very little tab the bigger show you
know we start thinking from us of Ritz
that we can do yeah and with Jack Black
in a hotel room urge booth and think of
anything really in time and all of a
sudden were in his room and he's like
okay what do we got my my cab is
literally waiting outside we need to
shoot this now which is you know totally
fair right and so I've blurred out I
don't know what if like the guys are
tickling you like because we just needed
to we needed a bit with it and he's like
here's the thing he was willing just to
go with it no so so so yeah we're we're
kind of like we're finding the bin so
like I don't know like like where you
were tickling you and then the guys
high-five and then and then that's it
and he goes and but so then here's what
makes Jack Black awesome in my book he
goes
well shit we should probably do this in
my bed then hi and I go well yeah and so
then the bid is the guys are tickling
him and they high-five and then he's
under the sheets and he pulls them all
under the sheets right which isn't the
greatest comedy bit in the world but he
was willing just to be dumb with us in
our stupid video so that's my Jack black
story he was incredibly nice to me now
we're cooking yes you can you can watch
this video right now it's called high
five inauguration it was a video we did
for the inauguration of Barack Obama so
you know and it wasn't me no I was
recording I saw I did not get to tickle
Jack Black Mike my cousin Jake and
friend Bob got to tickle Jack Black I
got to stand over them with a camera but
why is it asking me if I'm 18 before I
watch it but so that's that's but he was
really cool to me there are there are
certain people there are certain people
who when you are in a creative space
will either yes and you they'll just go
along with it try to try to make the
idea work and then there's certain
people that'll just shut you down and
say that's dumb loss how and he was oh
my god in a medal game he looks like a
villain about that - it remains mine
boy as of the girls who know what's best
for would he remember my name know
roughly to be made from those little
spiders of yours are you done talking
I'd like to get this over with
don't worry these lamb rock is the
villain absolutely that's great that's
glorious
let's see here that the inauguration
never seen so many oh yeah that was a
great time that was it that was a great
shoot that was an amazing time but you
know we were there we were in DC for
want to say three days and you know it
was a it was a huge party and with any
of the high-five videos the the name of
the game is get as many people's faces
in it as possible you know as many
celebrities as possible and said it was
three solid days of women running as
fast as we can with heavy ass camera
equipment trying to film as many famous
people as we could possibly muster it
was nuts
Feridun says just watch the video that
was actually pretty great fit my tickle
Jack Black
sometimes again pick up people heat you
know what he makes it well is what I was
saying
let's see here valiant blood job says
any plans for another board game night
we've only done one game and it would be
nice to see you guys playing something
like pandemic or safe technically we've
been to board games we did one a
long-ass time ago where we played what
did we play k2 and racket am and then we
recently did the Barbie board game
stream unfortunately no plans to do it
anytime soon because it requires more
than rich and I and so it can be tough
just to organise that many people I
would love to do more board game events
as I big fan of board games there's one
that I've been playing with her kids
recently called coughs her own car spell
car scare own it's like a it's like a
town building game where you have
different tile pieces and you need to
like connect to the roads or the rivers
or the caster's awesome game because it
doesn't involve any like it doesn't
involve any reading and there's very
little strategy and super simple rule
set so it's a great kids game we've been
playing that and we've been playing a
kotomi recently just to kind of solidify
awesome
Caracas on our Carcassonne man
however you pronounce that is what
you've been playing recently and it's a
fantastic party but I know you guys want
more board game screams I want more
board games groans
Clutton data
it's simple strategy in cars stolen
that's why I said very little strength
it's very simple strategy your merch
booth is under attack yeah we can we get
powered by the mystic fans of course of
course you do
of course you do rich
carcasonne thank you you lose from the
other team destroys your stage cool
kill
let's see here anthrax max says hey guys
drunk found a movie at a street vendor
called incident on a dark street with
Robert I'm David canary and guest star
William Shatner looks horrific you think
it has any best of the worst potential
maybe
I don't it's a super apartment friends
yes I love Settlers of Catan I play it a
lot board game nights and actually if
you have kids and wants to start getting
them into Catan there is a Catan Junior
the Catan or however you're supposed
around said there is a Catan Junior that
has a kind of simplified rule set and
it's easier for kids to understand it
the strategy but it's still like
basically you know building up the town
trading resources that kind of stuff
it's good it's good
Robert pine is the lieutenant on chips
and Chris Pine dad I did not know that
someone's asking when this game became
dynasty worried about right about now
gets a little hacking slashes there's a
little bit more arty se than dynasty
warriors v's this is like the tutorial
RTS battle I'm still getting into board
games so baby Catan will probably be
good for my dumb ass honestly okay Catan
is one of those games that can easily
lead you down the slippery slope of
board game enthusiastic board game
enthusiasts territory where you start
playing Catan and that'll get you into
like all these weird ass board games and
you'll end up spending so much money on
board go enough I've never so worth it
anyway basically I don't know what's
gotten into you laws but I know one
thing
you will regret what you've started here
who is then someone ray I don't remember
who did the voice for limelight
king of oh yeah king of Tokyo is a good
game I am joking at Tokyo you get to
play as giant we have my hit's waiting
for good fortune to trickle down to us
but our days of waiting are over
we've only got on the road we will march
on lion white and free baby man woman
and child in that city and then I do
think my name is Dana do I have a closet
filled with board games I have like I
have some board games that I haven't
even gotten out of plastic like because
we just have too many board games
rob is also the fire guy they're saying
oh yeah later in the game okay okay
okay
true-blue review says no joke my
birthday is coming up this Friday oh my
god congratulations
let's see here any advice for someone
with a cursed birthday this year and
maybe a happy birthday - happy birthday
a cursed bird there's nothing cursed
about that many people consider 13 to be
a very lucky many many people consider
13 to be so I say take it as a lucky
number as a lucky number paint scheme
here motor freak stop
psycho master I don't like that shit let
me see motor freak again that's classic
the racing stripes classic yeah yeah
like that
yep no guns
they just always fire or you know like
okay yeah that might get annoying I was
thinking ready to go let's see here also
should I see happy deathday or the for
any seconds it's time to go
rich choose me happy deathday sounds
great boom I don't know much about
either so happy deathday no matter what
happens keep something weird of premise
full horror film happy deathday someone
dies she gets murdered every night same
night he loves it and we're not taking
that brand new tour bus for wheeling
over that field I you know what I I
think I remember seeing this trailer and
then I completely forgot about it okay
yeah then definitely see happy death
there it looks like a stupid fun premise
are they taking it serious or is it
gonna be a silly think they might be
taking it serious they can't be taking
it too seriously sure they're probably
not taking at that since I haven't seen
the film rich why aren't you giving me
an in-depth analysis on happy deathday
because fuck you okay
and foreigner is Jackie Chan needs taken
oh it's the happy deathday that seems
like a more fun
wait a can actually with Jackie Chan
that's what we're just a Jackie Chan
esque filling hey no it's it's Jackie
Chan is in a takin s movie 89 he's very
old so it won't be the same it's not the
same jacket god I hope he's not still
doing his own stunts I'm sure I'm sure
he stops doing that Oh huh all right
well in his fifties they're saying late
60s he's got to be older than that
and he's doing rush hour for Jesus
he's only as late 60s the man has like
things fall on his face for a living he
has been beat up more times than fucking
Rocky Balboa he's been he's been doing
this since the 70s yeah yeah
yeah started off as just a stuntman than
a you know stuntman actor director but
you know mostly stuntman
he's been a professional punching bag
for 60 years
a great punching bag everybody loved
jack chambers
even the shitty ones
let's see here anthrax max as Jack you
missed my tip no I didn't I just read it
later he didn't give a shit I didn't
know I did I read it I read it I just
read it before you said I missed it
what makes you so fucking special
sometimes it takes us a while to get to
the tips don't just assume I appreciate
the second tip saying that I missed the
first one but don't just assume that I
missed it as I guess what
where are you Oh also a movie
recommendation takashi me kaze over your
dead end bodies of lion whites guard
underrated in my book okay it's a movie
called over your dead body by Prakash a
me it looks like Takashi Miike but it's
like two eyes so Takashi Miike met gay
Takashi Miike how about that mangas the
hour of rock is upon us
oh okay
cool they introducing new mechanic still
yeah yeah classic Double Fine problem
classic double fine just simplifies
people simplify
they must have poisoned their blades
with demon venom will remind me to send
them a thank-you note I feel great
you need to lay down in the bus
there's new mechanics throw this was
exactly my problem with I'm even psycho
not some sort of poison demon juice but
I'm sure the is every you know there's a
new mechanic every single level we use
it to our advantage
let's not fear this blessing from the
Titans he's right everyone get ready for
battle the enemy I know it's great
I was afraid this would happen don't
worry about Navy I was gonna wanted
wings in fact when I was a kid I used to
dream about it all the time I hope my
parents were wrong about this there's
more going on than meets the eye
what just in the just in the RTS
sections fly around survey the
battlefield sure old Lee Jack Black
could deliver that line
silence ground Walker that's great
that's great let's see here true blue
review says no joke we read that one
already
go see happy deathday that sounds like
fun that sounds like a movie I want to
see yes I'm looking to the chat when I
look to my right
that's our that's where our other
monitor is cameras their monitors their
televisions there
Davis there which is there I'm here are
my clothes I think this game has no lost
that's I think there was a lot of people
though they didn't like the RTS type
stuff then me run out there's more of
that yeah I can't plant a rally flag
that's terrible
I'm so sorry
yeah just like so far it just seems like
the game is trying to be many many games
nice wings
later there's racing quests those are
like completely optional though mm-hmm I
don't think there's a single story lion
racing thing okay that's good
Ironhead over here
how the fuck to double fine get away
with abandoning space-based df9 I don't
even remember that game was it ever
finished was it ever anywhere
that happens games get abandoned
sometimes would you rather have them put
out a crappy game or quit before they
get before they go too far it was
kick-started the early access then
released unfinished alas too bad that's
too bad
you can't give me false information all
the time chat nothing constantly
I'll see here generally five says thanks
hack frogs if it wasn't for these
pointless donations my puppy would still
be alive
fuck it I have officially found out
who's Snoke is no joke link is in the
chat please look I'm sure it is a really
serious
tear down that shitty merge smooth free
those fans so they may come to love
no shadow relief five wasn't the one
asking for a refund oh well he wasn't
the one like there-there was what the
one person that accidentally tipped us a
large sum of money when they meant to
tip us a small sum that person was
ruthless shadow elite five was asking
for a refund of years worth of tipping
to save a puppy what really did not we
really did not and so that what that was
going too far for us if it was a
one-time mistake yeah thanks
but puppies kittens birds or fish it's
in none of the matters
Oh shadow we thought that Snow Queen has
been out for a while
it's
it's a link to you know how in a new
hope that one stormtrooper accidentally
and smoke has the right it's a joke it's
a joke meme thing that has been
happening for a while now we all see it
shadowy five you can stop sharing gonna
be Darth Plagueis the one Palpatine
talked about now is the only other Sith
Lord we have but these better you are
I'm gonna mean I'm gonna meme share
shame Captain Zorro I'm gonna meme shame
if it's an old you used me to warn out
mean I'm gonna be shamed topple Tyne
killed him he said as much a puppet he
was lying
doesn't matter it's a name they said
they said the name in a different Star
Wars
stop right there if you can make it
through the cleave alive
then you must work for general Lyon
white Oh knock it off leader they work
with me yeah when is right ragnaroks
coming out soon right
yeah that's why this uses power over
death
yeah to survive is that a sift power
power Palpatine talk about really great
together we could find the power of
lazarey Plagueis already had that and
used it sure yep that's it what in fact
he's gonna bring Darth Vader back to
life
what fight Darth Vader again if you're
implying that in episode 9 we get a
zombie Darth Vader I am so fucking down
okay meet me at the screaming wall with
your roadie friends Darth Vader's on
hashtag Darth Vader zombie episode 9
it's gonna be great
no more wings oh I think I might find
all the snake statue dragon statues yeah
I think I can do that whatever just fly
around whenever that would be awesome
well that's the reward you get for all
of the tedious tedious statue hunting
absolutely ungodly tedious statue
hunting
going to the side earlier to pick up
your face read it back to the blade head
what
I need this uh collecting data says I
always say Jack Black was my Shaun
Cassidy got to go backstage at a
tenacious d show in high school in 2003
Goodwin he was super nice loved your
story about him
I always it's it's always weird for me
like he's just one that I assume
everyone likes and here people go ah
Jack Black it's now come on maybes bad
some bad movies
just playing some Judas it's a priest do
it
did I ever end up seeing the Close
Encounters rerelease I did not Turbo
Jesus I could not get out of that but I
did see someone shared with me the news
rich yeah they re releasing Batman the
Animated Series I spent I spent monic
good money on those four box sets before
no I got it now I gotta fuckin buy them
all over again but blu-ray rich Jesus
Christ
blu-ray great what is enough enough it
could be enough for you right now you
don't need to get I only have season 1
on DVD so I'm gonna buy the blu-ray
by them like Jay and the and the Evil
Dead releases I know that's how I feel
about like clerks I want to say
currently I have four DVD version if you
works at home - a blu-ray version
doesn't clerks look like shit the first
place it does you but because it's Kevin
Smith and he's generally really good
about this I just filled with bonus
content like that's why they have a
clerks ex yeah which is like the 10 year
anniversary of clerks it has like a
whole documentary about like the time in
between clerks one and curtains - and
all this behind the scenes footage and
all this bonus content it's glorious
Darmok that's not my secret shame that's
my very public shame I genuinely enjoy
clerks and think it's a very important
movie can't stop the song I can't start
the cutscene doing this
that uses up to you that's just improper
it's one game I don't turn your music
off - sure well yeah that's fine that's
it's a fine soundtrack which is
different Venice
fuck modernization heavy metal salsa
shark
the only the only thing good Kevin Smith
has done says crispy-fried Minh crispy
Friedman is that fat man on Batman
podcast listen Kevin Smith is incredibly
important to many many people he was
Kevin Smith is important to podcasting
in general he was doing that shit before
anyone not before anything he was he was
an early adopter of what a lot of people
are just doing down rich likes and
ad-rock what kind of shit music do you
like
this is dad rock my dad can kick your
ass coming out it's safe to assume
sometimes those guys they wanna feel bad
okay I'll see here what Rex says is
drunk Jack going to return this
Halloween that wasn't a bid that was
just happenstance let's hit the trail
okay watch out for rocks drunk jack is
not a character right that was just me
when I was drunk word around the block
is that there might be some filming on a
Saturday and as is well documented in
his Saturday is my drinking day I
certainly don't want it I don't want
like me being drunk on best of the worst
to become a running gag because that
will do poorly for me in the long run
there's your gobbledy good my name is
tates ascend red letter media your home
brewed booze folks or just regular group
send us whatever you want gobbledygook
says are you ready for the Microsoft
mixed reality reveal on October 17th
pre-order your Acer Lenovo Samsung HP
and Dell headsets
starting at 3:00 399 dollars anyone
remember Microsoft Bob I don't know who
Microsoft Bob is I kind of do but I
don't
Caryn's brought Microsoft Bob up once or
twice I don't know anything about the
Microsoft mixed reality reveal event so
I'm sorry rich do you know anything
about the Microsoft mixed reality reveal
screaming no that wasn't the paperclip
helper that was Clippy
Clippy was the helpful paperclip helper
he helped you out in Microsoft Word
bob was the cartoon OS yeah apparently
VR is only $400 now so we're on our way
on our way to where we are we're on our
way to where we are I think Facebook is
coming out with their like standalone
oculus headset soon as well oh yeah cuz
you know they bought the oculus yeah so
like they're they're coming out with
like a standalone version like just the
headset no need for a PC
oh yeah kia was doing that's not a thing
obviously it's what everyone's wearing
all the time you you walk down the
street and just see people in their
oculus all right can you do this great
now over here I'll be right back there's
a cartoon I saw that made you feel
sympathy for Chloe oh yeah
could be being fired we just wanted to
help people like and Clippy getting
fired and shoving a filing cabinet and
forgotten about
Oh quick whole cartoon that makes you
just feel absolutely horrible for
clipping you know he clippings it
introduced a lot of people so you know
word process Robot Chicken it might have
but I think this is more traditional
animation
that feedback very dangerous not to be
toyed with farmer Phipps says my oculus
came free with my phone
he used it a few times
is that an oculus or is that one of
those like things that you slide your
phone into that's different than an
oculus there's that like Samsung VR for
their Android phone where you can just
slide your phone into a headset and your
phone acts like an oculus but it's not
about you that's what it's called the
gear
yes that's okay yeah the oculus is a
little more a little more complicated
than just the thing that you put your
phone in well I wanted to make sure you
got back before your boyfriend got
jealous oh don't say stupid stuff it's
pretty clear you love Lars
of course I do he's a great man an
inspirational leader selfless heroic not
that hard to look at either his chest
look
brother to me right
oh yeah
I love this game though to be fair I
kind of know what I'm doing a bit in
this game and I've not been taking too
much time to fuck around with like side
missions right I think we're near the
end of Act one
I just don't think about you gossip
would help us right now okay yeah oh
okay that's not bad yeah
further than saying it's not a criticism
I appreciate the juice well yeah I think
a lot of that just is rich knowing what
he's doing I can only imagine a ton of
this game on your first playthrough just
drive around Oh dad told us hold on my
first playthru just driving around what
the fuck's over here oh my god I'm gonna
I'm gonna ride these warthog bikes yep
years before breath of the wild rich
right
that's that's right into a crime so many
Vista's I mean they're heavy-metal
vista's oh the whole point was
everything looks like it was a heavy
heavy metal album cover yeah yeah so
yeah there's gonna be beasties
alright are you people ready yeah for
like an hour
oh what's the deal I we should I should
I finish act 1 should we do much more
than that then you want to play around
with a starting form so yes I'm serious
I've been dead serious what's our plan
for the rest of the night
III got no plan so we're just finishing
actor 1 and I think that's a good spot
I'm sure sure I'm fine with that
what's what how is it was this the boss
er this mission and then there's one
after this okay well you know we'll do
this mission and we'll see how we feel
okay this one shouldn't be that long
this is should be breathing alright find
a way to convince his wife that it
didn't garbage cookies little
embarrassing thing happen to me started
yeah penny and I'm fresh out of marriage
like a day or two after we were married
she can't just be big
unless of course they start noting those
fuckers on because here's the thing in
stardew valley randomly you can find
good things in people's garbage and a
lot of times like if you're just walking
from point A to point B you pass a
couple garbage cans and so you know
usually if no one's around I take a look
if you're digging in the garbage is near
your clinic shop you can find geodes you
can find meat full meals in the bars
garbage you can find cookies you can
find a useful thing to me you know it's
just it's free stuff why wouldn't I why
wouldn't I want free stuff Bridgette you
know the only problem is if someone sees
you digging in the garbage yeah it
lowers I don't know I don't know if it
lowers their friendship for you but they
always say hey don't do that that's
gross right so penny caught me digging
in the garbage full Hey she already
married me
is free stuff worth your dignity jack in
a video game yeah it's not my dignity
basically yeah my a I wife doesn't
respect me at the moment because she saw
me digging in other people's garbage but
my a I wife also enjoys the house that I
built for her pay paid for by stuff I
dug out of the garbage so you know Oh
give it take I keep bringing in that
money she doesn't complain about that I
think they know we're coming
you can get divorced and starting you
can even go to a witch and have her
memory erased what which in the game you
can have had kids so the kids our main
issue anymore that's horrifying
I trust that is absolutely horrifying
against me at least I didn't turn him
into a pumpkin my dad you that's what I
was thinking you turn kids into a
pumpkin then you can sell them so the
only thing I have to sell the kids
I trust it to you get some bird kids
jack maybe metal one starter yes thirty
bellies weird
no one shall kill horrifies it's only in
the game because people ask for it well
I mean they do have to do something you
know why would you want to get divorced
to get another wife see all the
cutscenes
sure sure can you have a kid with the
game errors in the game you can adopt
this is this is the end of Act one here
this is the guy that flew with his hair
yeah this is his headquarters obviously
which doesn't look like much of a dome
but there I guess yeah dome ish don't
tell me what's the hold up what hold up
I was waiting for you do wives the stack
no you cannot I'm sure there is a
polygamy who wants to bet wants to bet
they have a multiple wives
ooh that's actually a really good
question captain Zorro can your wife
initiate divorce I've never been on bad
terms with my wife I wonder I know once
again not even in the harvest the wife
would go back to her parents house for a
bit I sure like if you up your heart
level drop right I can see that I don't
know how the star gene handles tequila's
I basically what I'm asking is how many
more times does she have to catch me
digging in the garbage before she leaves
me taking in the garbage problem the
time has come for you to shut the hell
up lie in white you enslaved your own
people for profit I mean sometimes I
find cookies in the garbage and I give
the cookie she likes them the Titans who
came before us left a precious gift in
our hands and you exploited it cheap and
it sold it out for your own commercial
gain the powerful music of the past you
almost made us forget about it
almost today we shall hear it again the
music of the free people for the honor
of Finch for the freedom of its people
I'd leave you for that Jack it's a big
yo game
that's what like that's one of the only
reasons that I have any Clough at this
point because I keep finding newspaper
in people's garbage China have recycler
and that's one way you can get coffee
not for penny for penny this is real
right
I know you'll behind all this and say I
guess maybe that's the other good thing
about penny is her standards are pretty
low at this point
you can live in in a trailer I think I
think I need to do a little bit worse
than garbage picking for her to leave me
so I think I got this covered
has anyone brought up school of rock yet
have you seen school of down it's cute
cute movies what I figured it would be
it's a cute kids movie it's cute to the
point of excess it's a kids movie it's
that is kind of a point
Pizza Train 11 says Jack do you consider
yourself as a millennial or a Gen X or
the same name before Millennials were a
word I had always considered myself
generationally why'd the generation
after Genesis were supposed to be the
apathetic ones I'm somewhere in the
border if you care about these things of
Y and X right and no one really calls us
Generation Y anymore but I was part of
the apathetic generation that's X no X's
anti-establishment X's X's X's Nirvana
X's am pathetic those Y if you look at
the pure numbers I am considered a
millennial though I do consider myself a
millennial because I'm not an asshole
anyone and it you know you shouldn't
consider yourself anything
I have nothing right I saw nothing I'm
just I'm just I'm just here to young for
Generation X too old to be a millennial
so I'm the middle child of the
generations ain't that like maybe that
makes me more millennial
Michael Jackson said we were the Pepsi
generation okay okay I can go with that
I can be I'll listen to Michael Jackson
Jack now I'm nothing packard confirmed
in management i
that's a lot of letters check box a 1000
percent you said not a nine inch nails
on TP returns was greater than no TP
dependencies God I've liked well do be
sandwich there's the downward spiral
which is one album and then there's
further down the spiral
say that with uh with enough confidence
where you know a lot of people will
believe me but now I'm doubting himself
but there was a man smiles out
I really think there was though
whoo okay it was a remix out but I
remember further down there it was a
thing that exists great
the fragile is the what followed oh yeah
okay but further down spiral was the
remix album which I else will have any
things
awesome great memory working for now
compensating
Oh like how fixed it was the Rheem
itself from broken did a record label
make this game just people who like for
heavy metal and hard rock tim schafer
really liked heavy metal and he wanted
to make this boat know they loved it
this is a passion project that was a
development for a fucking long ass time
you did it you did it rich yeah yeah
congratulations
what's the D it's weird that a Sammy
Hagar's I predict villain when the
soundtrack features a bunch of Motley
Crue songs Sammy Hagar is the villain
though because he is though he is the
the worst part of Van Halen Hagar is the
villain of the Halen's you shouldn't be
lying ruin Van Halen no that's not very
Vic Ulis David Lee rod is being a dick
ever we can hide for me no we are done
with that we will keep marching down the
great highway until we are at the Vic
Ulysses doorstep and then we will truly
end this once and for all
oh it turns out that lunar about no more
interesting and doesn't have a final
boss that I'm aware of so you're not
missing much oh man oh man ruiner was so
boring nothing interesting at all ready
to hit the road White's house oh yeah
crap his only crime was not being David
Lee Roth yes but I'm not trying to be
the lead singer of Van Halen am i I
understand that was not Sammy Hagar's
fault Sammy Hagar didn't force
van Halen to split when Tommy Lee Roth
to leave the band but he was all we were
left with and he wasn't as good that
gate looks really strong it's gonna take
forever to break do that
look dude how about this how about you
take off your fucking diaper lay down
your little baby foo-foo and go do your
fucking job right now dude not cool I
don't have to stop the bus to take a
leak all right
- Vikas
what's his name the Vic Ulis
enough Sakura hi why you disrupt my
industry but I understand you tried to
make me look bad so you can stripped me
of my power a very commendable now you
said time we're off listen I say a lot
of things I might excite abomination
which we permitted only to keep the
human wool Tommy Lee Jones mixed with
David Lee Roth
you get Tommy Lee Roth why do you live
on you can ask you ones your mission was
just fine he's it's a little always a
little over manipulated for dinner for
my days
let us wage war sakura a terrible and
beautiful war amongst these dogs for one
these dogs these are free men and women
and they no longer serve you or anyone
else do not dare to speak to me you
insect who do you think you are I am
proud to say that these free humans have
named me their king whoa it seems I had
less to worry about than I thought you
know what that is
birudo my little sister you must take
care of her
get them to the bus you son
come on
no doobie sandwich that was not a
graphical glitch I think that was
interesting monster design
I think
gobbledygook says one step ahead one
step behind now you got a run to get
even and make future plans don't dream
about yesterday hey come on
turn turn this thing around right now
hey it's your tomorrow right now
and you know I'm her for those enchanted
who I was not defending van Hagar which
sucks
musically I was defending defending
Sammy Hagar and that guy was just
working he was just there to sing it's
not his fault the music sucked
get it ball from twitch into a def jam
poetry slam what we're just we're just
singing some classic van Hagar
that is that work
we made it we're safe
he can't protect you anymore no one can
leader she sold us out told them we were
coming later why would I do that the
first guitar hero it's become a it's
become a bit of a leader don't make me
do this girl fight let me avenge my
brother let you I'll help you avenge
your brother but first I need to talk to
Ophelia alone don't
Edward she'll manipulate you but she did
with Lars wait here hey what are you
gonna do with her she's gone nuts what
did he mean about your mission what to
spy on us
the Vic Ulis he wasn't talking about me
oh right Sakura ik so who's that I I
can't tell you can't tell me what are
you hiding from us I was trying to
protect you protect me or protect
yourself she looks I was doing catering
you stopped doing what leading us into a
trap
you said you trust me I did and in
return you kept secrets from me and how
large is dead what do I care if you turn
your back on me
you're just like the rest of them she
better be careful bending over with all
those spikes down there they warned me
and it's something like you might return
they warned me about a lot of things but
I just don't care anymore
okay there you go boom
you did it rich yeah yeah you did it all
you did needed all the things you uh um
you know what anonymous no I'm not going
to thank you for the tip I appreciate
that
rich do you care to give your best Tim
Allen grunt I don't know that's in that
one grunt there you go I do know the Tim
Allen grunt and I'm not gonna do it just
go like a monkey or something
I know did you still like a monkey bit
monkey ish yeah I got too much
self-respect it's like a monkey mixed
with a pig kind of and that one's jerked
off a droid so yeah yeah yeah
all right well Jack digs in trash cans
in video games in video games I dig in
trash cans not in real life now is the
point of the stream in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like
Christo Barrow Berto who says I had to
take a break from streams after
hurricane in Florida so happy to be back
and be able to hang out to take people
to hang out be able to take hang out in
these streams again what yep thank you
so much for the fun times reading is
hard it's alright I think there's like a
weird word stumble in there yep yeah
yeah there you go take part and then I'm
sure take out
let's hey let's all take hangers thank
hang everyone let's take hang take it
the hang I am a robot zero one zero one
zero one sense start watching you guys
about a year ago since then I've gone
back and watched every stream and now I
give you free money with twitch prime
free money bunga Doug 437 motherfucking
months in a row bunga Doug says 37
months what am i doing
just kidding thanks for all the stuff
you guys huh Bob I'm a Bab oh yeah Ryba
78 JRR Lovecraft says nine months
congratulations it's a baby boy Hey baba
yaga la la for 22 fucking months in a
Rome
who says I just completed demons souls
the game is a treat and is like no other
games have you come have u guys
completed it no nope I've only played
the little bit we played here on stream
man dress personally played Demon Souls
you fans you've got a Dark Souls we
played Demon Souls think we did we did
just a little bit of it I remember oh
wait I think I dunno yeah yeah just a
little bit of there we go yeah this is
funny cuz it's like early yeah van van
dreamt for 17 months in a row versus
this game is just like Helldivers yeah
oh wait we got one last one last tip
gobbledygook says one last shameless
sean connery please please please please
please just say this one line
okay I will say exactly what you wrote
gobbledygook s-- uh I'll take their APIs
for 200 Alex they're a pissed
that's from celebrity jeopardy yes but
that's not what that's not what he said
in celebrity jeopardy
I think gobbledygook Smith type to what
he said okay okay saying that okay
saying the other thing okay if you're
not it's because I know I know Mike's
like I'm well aware of the power of
editing to make someone you know look
like a jackass rich has self-respect and
is speaking eloquently it's the power
metal man its power metal elevated
though you did that one y'all Euler's
number for 15 months in a row
development heck dick gently ER for 12
months in a row who says I made it a
whole year what do I win maybe I just
won this sad feeling love you guys keep
it up the zoo man 1 2 3
Grimlock 1980 amazed and confused a
total lamer public Harman Z 421 fucking
months in a row oh dear beginning to end
valve 5001 sickness effect beginning to
end
snake wasp
Joe snow Chernobyl kinsman for 30
fucking months in a row
oh hey I yeah yeah oh hey it just turned
my 30 month anniversary so 30 months to
this hour since rich did his perfect
playthrough of dead rising Wow
ignoring the console crashes on this
account I can't help that Wow
still waiting on that dr2 perfect run
off the record
maybe someday maybe someday turn
smuggler 44 says hey Jack ever had
Soylent I started drinking the pre-made
version and it's super good wouldn't do
it for every meal but it's great for
mornings and other times you don't want
to prepare or cook food keep up the
great work
do you know what Soylent is mmm no no
it's Soylent Green is so the this
startup company on a California decide
decided to name their meal replacement
sup Uintas Soylent they should have just
called it Soylent Green it would have
been brilliant people what about it it
probably couldn't for copyright reasons
but the idea is it's it has all the
nutritional value you need all day so
you just I think one thing right that's
all he needs to drink all day no I like
food too much I've really enjoyed
chewing and you know food so I've not
tried it I also really like breakfasts
that's to me breakfast is my biggest
meal of the day I love eggs I need it
all so I'm not too interested in Soylent
okay I was turd
smuggle turd smuggler Darmok talk
striker 1121 429 fucking months in a row
says I need you guys to get me through
this here baseball game we want the
Indians to win sure
sure that sounds fine whatever team
you're rooting for I'm with you not
necessarily for me well we'll see who
you're rooting for right lime beads for
37 motherfucking months in a row says
make sure you guard your dinkle winkler
okay Christ for short
turbo Dangerfield says how much rich put
a rich Evans Richie from rich Evans good
rich rich I'm no way that's not exactly
what they said they should have said I'm
how much for Jevons would have rich
Evans how much rich would have rich
Evans Evans rich Evans could Evans rich
that makes sense
Darth ERV who says hey seven months in
oh look I got nothing against the
Indians winning it's not who I was
talking about Brittany both you are this
one
jeepers Makino flip switch gaming super
apartment friends mark 3611 gentlemen
bears says so she says to me do you want
to be a bad boy and I say yeah baby yeah
Surf's Up space ponies I'm making gravy
with the lumps yeah baby yeah yeah baby
yeah yeah ba what poms at midnight she
says to me she says to me yeah I'm
making gravy with how the loves the the
midnight bomber what bombs at midnight
rich because I'm the midnight bomber
what bombs at midnight
I even Lee who says here just to take
all my fuckin are here just take all my
fuckin money why don't you sure that's a
great idea
I mean if that works for you we're cool
and boron for 13 months in a rope Pete's
train 11 for 32 fucking months in a row
says going to use my sub to remind
everyone mr. robot season 3 premiered
tonight and it was epic
side note you
say is now going full f-bomb drops much
like FX decided to do a while ago and
it's delightful yes you know it's you
know the reason restrictions paying for
cable yeah oh yeah you're paying for
cable paying for those f-bombs what is
it after 8 o'clock were and we're
dropping them if it's not wait if it's
not broadcast over the air and it's
through literally through cable then
that's government has no say in that I
don't think there's any kind of 8
o'clock restriction if it's paid TV you
can say whatever the fuck you want you
might be right yeah rich is right
probably I mean these companies might
have their own standards that they use
when they don't want to offend you
probably wouldn't see that unlike the
Disney family chance sure but if like
hypothetically yeah if the Disney family
channel wanted to start dropping f-bombs
left or right as as much as that might
hurt them with their current demographic
yeah I don't think there's anything the
FCC can do about it you're probably
right 11 Jack Lamont
Jay Jay cheek er 421 fucking months in a
row anxious Herman lo de ma who says
speaking of DC Universe Online you know
what else is a game the end is nigh
starring rich fucking Evans that's true
yeah very true and eat my sandwich thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we very much do
I don't have
