Feb 26, 2017
Berserk
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/130215649
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/130233355
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3x7YhGNDfk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiUgCTcVorY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/835964099980902400

[Part I]
anyway yeah that's asked you know what
that's fine okay oh my god we got
nothing on the screen it's true cuz
we're downloading a game and apparently
this is a large game and we did not end
his bigger bigger than we thought this
is much much bigger than we thought it
would be it's like a it's like a dynasty
Warriors clone why would that need to be
huge right I don't know I don't know hi
everyone welcome so we're gonna start
probably because there's like a hundred
and twenty meds worth of anime cutscenes
that's actually probably why the
download size is so that's exactly they
gotta be they're gonna be high def anime
cutscenes 112 these cutscenes that I'm
going to skip as soon as I possibly can
so how embarrassing for them yeah we do
we have other rate we get in trouble if
we showed that video you just showed me
cuz they're not gonna know what the hell
we're talkin about
oh yeah we comprise your that yeah yeah
let me get that back up here we so we
just watched this this thing here
yeah oh darn it waiting for objectified
the thing that we just flashed over here
bill paxton past that's true I saw that
we have the way to watch advertisement
first Bill Paxton
Bill Paxton has passed here's my
question them yeah it's best the worst
first right who cuz who was a prince it
was pre me killed Prince yeah and now we
have killed Bill Paxton there were
someone else too I want to say alright
it might be the variable might be there
was someone else so that I think the
question is then who should we talk
about next episode let me get this up on
screen for you guys
Shep who should we talk about on the
next best of the worst
Oh Carrie Fisher well but we just talked
about her in general okay hey so watch
this video do we talk about our best of
the worst though that's the question I
think we're just talking about celebrity
deaths in an episode
I think Carrie Fisher died like the day
after it went up oh that could be that
could be oh yeah I don't know that we
mentioned her said I was during
Christmas or crocodile we were doing it
in memoriam yeah yeah yeah I think I
think they have to be an actor though
well no his Prince wasn't lady was in
Purple Rain he wasn't an actor so I
guess it could be any celebrity any
celebrity okay so really quickly this
videos gonna play in the background this
video Kay came to my attention on Sina
today the the CNET writer is not pleased
with the kickstand on the switch and so
he put together this little video
showing that if you attempt to push
something over you can in fact push that
thing over and so it's a little video
that he put up and that's it so that
this is a switch and so you can you
could put a little stand on there no
come please then the stand pulls out of
a switch and
this person's point that you are
disagreeing with even though you've not
had a switch in your hands around the
table right is that this video was
bullshit the the point is that the way
in which he is trying to show that the
switch falls over a lot does not meet my
standards this is this is just he is
pushing it over over and over again
that's all he's doing this is the
dumbest thing to bitch about who is
going to use the switches kickstand I
might for what if you're out and about
and there is a table nearby you set it
up on the table and then you can you
know sit back and watch the table switch
is a hybrid console / handheld yeah if
I'm gonna be using it 99% of the time
it's probably I imagine for me going to
be on a TV at which point I don't care
about the fucking stand if I'm gonna be
using it on the go uh-huh I'm gonna be
using it in my hands so once it once
again who cares about the fucking Stan
keyboard oh sure but I I could see there
being a situation like the Nintendo
themselves have have already said that
or the example that Nintendo gave during
their advertisements were like let's say
you're on an aeroplane yeah and you have
a long flight and you want to play the
switch the whole flight no matter I'm
gonna have it in my hand yeah but that
gets fatiguing any handheld any weight
in your hand or you can set it up on the
little thing on the airplane table
what's the airplane table called
probably just a fold-down table if I
just yeah you can you can play it on the
fold down table so like it's a good
option to have the kickstand that looks
good like any everywhere every waking
minute I'm on a plane my hands are gonna
be gripping the seat worrying about my
inevitable doom once this thing crashes
in a flaming heap that's how my time is
spent on airplane yeah
so I someone asked if I made a video
response yeah that and and I did and my
my video response
this is uh I tweeted this out taya
Tyrone Rodriguez who makes the binding
of issac I said look at how easily this
chair falls over for design that's my
video response to the switches so ya
know like this which by the way and it
might be I'm not saying it's not flimsy
what I'm saying is like his video is
look how crazy it is I'm going to push
it over yeah yeah so that kickstand
could be dumb
it could be useless it could be flimsy
but like his like proof video was
pushing it over yeah you know like of
course of course if you push it over
what are they playing we're playing
berserk we're playing better condone
moded yet so we're just talking about
stuff it's about 57% downloaded 1553 I'm
gonna say 53% downloading yeah we still
have a while 9 9 of 16 gigabytes
downloaded Jesus Christ damned anime
darn anime Jack's to hold the chair from
his kids school that's just my chair man
that's just my chair the switch is a
child's toy that costs over $300 of
course it falling down is going to be a
concern yeah why would you give a $300
toy d your kids in the first place
number one no the DS it can be construed
as a child's toy and that is meant to be
hauled around really like the 2 DS is
more the Chancellor because that's the
really cheap one so here's something I
never really thought about how heavy is
this damn thing gonna be we can look
that up it just might be a terrible
handheld in general yeah I mean if I am
gonna play a handheld I'm not gonna want
to put it out of sass stand and said
part of it down at a little table table
words you know you're sitting too far
away for the screen to be big enough if
I'm gonna be playing a handheld venable
playing anything on the go I'm probably
gonna want it and just want it
my hands like I don't care how good the
stand is that's gonna be a relatively
tiny screen when it's sitting you know
three or four feet away from you yeah
that's true so you're gonna want it in
your hands and if this thing is heavy
it's just going to be a bad handheld
yeah so by the way this looks to be
lighter than the 3dsxl all right all
right which is shocking but how do you
convert Anson's to pounds 16 ounces
supposedly less than a pound for the
switch oh well this is considerably yeah
yeah this is ten point four eight ounces
a pound is 16 ounces right and so
according to this random person on a
game fax message board this could be
tracked information well why are you
going to a random game fax this was
before this was the first one that I
came across it's it's it's confirmed by
a different random person on a game fax
mr. Borden less than half a pound oh
sure knowing and you know what but
that's anything like if you're reading a
book if you have a Kindle device if you
hold it for too long it can be fatiguing
so the idea to put it that's without the
attached to by the way it's considerably
more with with them attached so using it
as a handheld they're probably going to
be attached hold on three three ninety
and I don't even I don't even trust
these numbers Ram this is a some random
fucking post on a game fax message board
that's that's that's that's just poor
shim okay horseshit you know what then I
will look for an official Nintendo
let's just go to Nintendo you know here
do you guys want to see what I'm
googling we shouldn't Google anything
too weird
let's just go to Nintendo let's just go
to Nintendo googling Nintendo boom
nintendo.com slash switch and I bet they
have a stat sheet right here rich stat
sheet
okay stat sheet freedom to play whatever
how much does an Xbox 360 controller way
that's a good question that's it you
know what that's a good question you
know we don't have a scale on a sandwich
don't fuck it skill there you go that's
what I'm saying
here we go fact sheet this is not very
this is not very good fact sheet that's
the first thing when you came up just
googling how heavy is the Nintendo
squinch I tried doing that before and I
got to the random website okay okay do
you need to switch you don't need
anything man you don't need nothing you
don't need nothing motherfucker you need
food and you need a roof over your head
we're talking about the things we want
shit I've seen the official specs it's
there maybe look from the press event
and again there they're gonna want the
sound light maybe Nintendo's official
measurement it's like you know without
the case the circuit board waits without
a screen or a circuit board without a
screen horse circuit board no they
wouldn't do that what I mean they work
I'm sure but all right that perhaps
Amazon would have the appropriate
product details because Amazon is
usually pretty usually they are nothing
less dimensions they usually list
wait-wait-wait-wait product description
there you go right there duck dimensions
three point eight pounds that could be
packaging so that's probably so this is
not this is not necessarily helpful not
necessarily helpful are are they're
removable batteries does the switch take
like
it's gonna it's Oh God
no there's not removable batteries ok 2
9 7 grams console only but how that's
what people are saying online well the
council if you're gonna use it as a
handheld the console only is completely
fucking meaningless right let's go
unless you want to be stirring at a tiny
screen very tiny screen that's feet in
front of your face which I don't think
anybody does
right so you're probably most handheld
use is gonna be with the damn
controllers attached oh yeah oh yeah
don't forget about the I mean yeah I
seen it has a scene it has a thing but
can we really trust CNET think about
that of course we can we can trust
anyone okay multiplayer why five this is
this is a ton of information none of it
what we're looking for
well you might plan for the worst case
scenario so the measurements you can
trust yeah are like the Sony's estimates
for how much the switch weighs make sure
is what 37 pounds right the switch unit
weight here we go this has polygon seems
to have some some useful information
Thank You polygon Oh Jack what does that
thank that I'm remember oh Jesus
yeah that's it great all right okay
let's see where we go polygons this is
what we do when we forget to download
the game earlier well we're used to
things downloading fast here okay this
is just large it's significantly larger
than most things we end up downloading
so rich according to polygon uh-huh if
both joy cons are attached total weight
is 14.04 ounces close to a pound
what's that heavy the coastal found is
not that heavy not that heavy we're
we're sure where's the treasure I don't
know I don't know let me sum it up the
switch is bullshit that will only sound
too hardcore need an offense I depends
depends on a lot of things depends on
the amount of games that come to it
depends on whether or not Nintendo
decides to continue their own handheld
market if for example the switch kind of
merged the the DS and the Nintendo
console into one Nintendo has not said
that they are replacing the DES with the
switch and they haven't not said it you
know but if all of a sudden the next
wave of handheld games also comes out on
the switch including you know your fire
emblems your pokemons
all of the shit that people buy the ds4
people will gobble up the switch with
fervor
so why are you not just running a chat
watcher for crying out loud what are you
trying to do I'm dealing with touchpad
nonsense that's what I'm doing there we
go hey there we go they a fervor right
that's a word is fervor a word yeah word
fervor is a word but then again I said
illegible when I meant in ineligible so
what do I know
well you take my word for that I've you
know word fuck is wrong when you don't
always say them correctly but you know
them ya know and you know what the thing
I'm most I'm most nervous and excited
about like the thing I'm most interested
in is getting my hands on those Joey
Kahn controllers is this something that
is going to feel good to play games on
right we don't know anonymous says I'm
going in reverse because they're on top
of what we've been talking about none of
us says I'm more worried about how
cramped and tiny it looks a cramped and
tiny yeah so I like playing like this
I'm only interested in it as a fucking
console so right and you know I know
that it is larger than the Vita and I
play games on the Vita all the time and
that works like gangbusters as far as
I'm concerned so I'm less worried about
that all I care about is Pokemon if it
aint got no Pokemon I don't give a shit
I think that's gonna be a lot of
people's feelings and when the next
Pokemon game is announced if it's on the
switch boom you got yourself but you got
yourself a hot seller Zelda Mario know
if it's really good Zola and I really
good Mario might be worth the price at
the end of the day it's what matters I
guess I wish they would give up and just
make software make life so much easier
and everybody you know I don't you
wouldn't have to worry about what what
kind of bizarre stupid Hardware gimmick
they're gonna shove in their next new
gaming console he will only be able to
play with your teeth
the bite sensitivity on this console
it's far it's far beyond anyone elses
bite sensitivity rich their selling
point the most immersive pac-man game
ever made I love it
I love all right yes oh and you are
noticing yes my couch the couch that I'm
sitting on does have an arm construction
on the couch it came and actually I'm
just seeing in our camera now that we're
having a bit of an opposite effect so
before the couch was really low and the
chair was really high so even though I
am taller than rich he appeared taller
than me now I seem to be significantly
taller than rich but our camera might
just be off kilter but they're basically
the innovators rich they haven't had a
worthwhile innovation since the analog
stick which was like 25 fucking years
ago that's a you know what that's a
great one though that's a great washer
gotta give it sure got to give it to him
on that analog stick rich yeah I love
all that analog stick ruin shooters well
they didn't do that they gave it to
Mario so he could run really really glad
that analog stick existed so shooters
could be fucking ruined right no you
know what let me tell you the last time
that I've played a really good game with
motion control yeah oh you know what
that we bowling game was really fun you
know and to be fair there was a lot of
neat games on the DS with a little
touchscreen you know you - like right on
the touch screen and play with stuff I
know for the what was it who's the first
one to do it the Zelda and the Spirit
Tracks or one of the Zelda games had a
like like a little notebook feature
mm-hmm and so you could like open up
your notebook and like circle an area on
a map and say oh this was an area that I
want to go to later once I find the
right key and then you know oh I found
the thing that I can where where was
that thing that the hammer could open oh
this was the
thing that the hammer could open that
was really neat I like that note-taking
ability apparently there's also a very
similar thing in the binding of issac
before the DS and for the Wii U where
you can like take a little notes hmm
neat I think that's neat why are okay
rich really important question why
aren't you frauds watching the Oscars
cuz I don't give a shit what a committee
thinks is the movie that I'm supposed to
think is the best movie yep maybe it's
not the movie I think is the best movie
maybe I don't care what that's stupid
too many things maybe I don't care if
everyone in LA wants to get together and
masturbate each other for a few hours
maybe I don't give a shit about that I
don't need to watch a two-hour program
to know that la-la-land is going to win
the Best Picture because it is a picture
nominated for the Oscar that is also
about being in the entertainment
industry if you have a movie that is
nominated for Best Picture that is also
about being in the moviemaking business
it will win it always wins and then we
need to drag this out over like what is
it two and a half hours or whatever
three the fucking list no all the stars
are coming out rich they're all coming
it's gender blur can walk on stage think
about five people before they rush her
off as crazy as work my fucking time oh
sorry thank you spank your mother yep
yep listen it's it's a it's a it's a
self yeah I mean listen of course it's
it's masturbation but hey what are you
gonna do we're gonna not pay attention
to it the spectacle the Stars the the
outfits rich you get to see what people
what outfits they're wearing oh lauding
and tomorrow after lala land wins
there's going to be like there's there's
already 100 articles tomorrow after Long
Island wins there will be 8,000 articles
saying why moonlight should have won and
that's going to be the entirety of the
internet for an entire week moon lights
was robbed
I thought it was kind of boring I
haven't seen it moving light yeah that
was kind of boring it's not my movie
great at Murray you know what great
acting I'm very sorry really kind of
interesting story great acting okay I
need a wonderful fast actor actress but
I throw it a bone but but for our Best
Original Screenplay that's what they
usually give the one that's not that
doesn't win the Oscar yeah
Best Screenplay thank on Jen says woo
lads who just started watching the
expense on Jack's recommendation the
expanse yes I think Jack would like
midnight diner an anthology series about
food and people in a seedy part of Tokyo
it's got a great acting that obviously
wasn't a reference to moonlight because
he made that midnight midnight diner you
know what I'm writing that down right
here Humbert don't cabbage fences
evening gents anyone see get out yet I
loved it would recommend oh I've heard
nothing but good things about get out do
you ever did you ever watch key and
Peele I know who they are one of them
the littler I've seen some of their
skits I've never seen like a full
episode peel Jordan Peele yeah one of
the shorter one has written and might
have directed his own horror movie
called get out right and it is killing
it at the box office I've heard nothing
but good things good for him I like and
I'm super excited to see it I love his
work and if you've ever watched any of
their sketches all of their sketches are
incredibly cinematics what's the premise
of get out I have no idea okay okay I
have no idea but I've heard nothing but
good things and I know like what a movie
nerd he is and so it's like I'm super
excited to see it just didn't get I did
not get out this weekend but everyone
else did it's killing it at the box
office but that was great I'm sure
it's a comedy horror great Franks
wheezes just got a 3d printer and I'm
having fun with it what are your
thoughts on 3d printers they're
fantastic devices it's the wave of the
future it's it's there it's wonderful
the future of piracy
you couldn't download a car oh really
download those todd mcfarlane action
figures that's true I'm gonna get me
some free spawns yeah okay key & peele
sketches were made by the guys who do
lasagna Cadden I know fatal farm I've
seen like lasagna cat is apparently the
thing that's been making a big splash on
the internet lately 3d printers are
great for printing out 4k models for TK
models yeah more hammer yeah there you
go
the future of piracy no they it looks
fantastic I know like a ton of people we
have a 3d printer in town at our
makerspace edit you can use you know for
free if you just feel like it because
they're they want people to you know
come into the makerspace
and it's some of the most fantastic you
know cheap way to prototype products
it's cheap way to get replacement Lego
parts right I need something I need some
replacement of Lego pants you just make
yourself some whole Lego kids Jack right
it's the future the future future no
lasagna cat is like a web series and
it's it's a weird web series made by
this company called fatal farm who has
made some great stuff in the past here's
the question yeah can you use a 3d
printer to build a 3d printer probably
not as a 3d printer printer right now
only works with plastics and an actual
3d printer you don't they don't they
make circuit board printers you there's
one part of the 3d printer that you
couldn't make okay the 3d printer and
that is the element that heats up the
material
okay okay because then it would just
melt under its own weight right because
that's that your your your you're on the
verge of like a Star Trek future there
where everybody has replicators and that
takes care of all of your needs right
it's pretty neat because you got imagine
there's replicators that make
replicators and it's all just a circle
now anyone can have anything oh my god
but they'd still be an energy like an
there's still an energy cost right we
just throw something you just throw a
rock in there and then it breaks that
down into energy and it uses that energy
dirt is the biggest commodity in the
future and they need earth is running
out of dirt to throw into replicators
just it just needs something transform
that and it just need something to
convert into energy I love it
they have multiple materials like I'm
sure I'm sure in the future of Star Trek
like the moon is just getting a lot
smaller give them way about mu drugs or
asteroid farming not for the precious
metal but just for the dirt dirt on the
asteroid give it to us that's great
apparently I saw in the chat there are
different material 3d printers yeah most
commonly the 3d printers we know use
plastics okay okay look once you can
just start manufacturing your own 3d
printers right with with a number of
different printers once once and then
you're onto something about
approximately 10 to 12 minutes on
berserk download 10 to 12 minutes on the
jerk download you know the the biggest
thing would be would be any any sort of
like the big the bigger jump in Star
Trek technology will be some sort of
Soylent product any any sort of food
product that is easily accessible that
they could shape into
other food products that's what we need
right you got it wrong they use
antimatter I know I'm having fun with
the thought of a replicator based
economy right cuz in theory you can this
is replicator is kind of similar to a
transporter you could break down normal
matter into energy okay and you use that
energy she knows like so why not break
anything
you think dirt would be just as valid a
power source in Star Trek as long as its
carbon right like that's all you me
that's all you need is the molecules
yeah the question is where do you think
you need the molecules they just flat
out turn it all into energy and straight
up energy I don't know how Star Trek
works that's a you question
let's see you and Mike question no I do
not drink Soylent I've heard horror
stories and I like food in general but
that's the real future Soylent any any
if we can start getting food to people
easily and efficiently and cheaply we're
done we're just done as a people no one
will care about anything anymore
all right um captain blue 42 says an
honor of Phil Paxton was your favorite
movie role of his and regarding the
switch do you think Nintendo may be
transitioning to being a mobile only
developer would that be a bad thing uh
aliens game game over man he's great in
that he's great effort like I I
definitely have a soft spot in my heart
for twister do you remember him in True
Lies as the pretend spy oh I haven't
seen that I think since it was in the
theater so that there's begley familiar
yeah he's like this seedy used-car
salesman that is wooing our Jamie Lee
Curtis and pretending to be a spy and I
was like oh man I'm just a piece of shit
man
don't hit me man I'm crap I got a tiny
penis he's great in that he's great in
James Cameron liked him simple packs
who doesn't like Bill Paxton I'm saying
that James Cameron especially so Haley
aliens yeah
terminator yeah true lies Titanic yeah
yeah did they stick him in Avatar
anywhere I know you haven't seen it he
was fantastic in edge of tomorrow okay
he was like he was just a straight-up
ornery drill sergeant yeah fantastic
you haven't seen him in agents of shield
no I have not but he played this ongoing
character for a little bit again kind of
an old-school soldier and one of the
greatest character exits in recent
memory like he gained superpowers yeah
and the defense they eventually defeated
him and they thought he was dead but
then he like rises from the dead and
like this grand moment and Agent Coulson
is just sitting there waiting for him
and shoots him in the head again he's
just great and everything he's great man
weird science he was Chet you can't
forget about he was a giant poop monster
near near dark he was one of the
vampires he was good in your dark but
he's good and he was good and everything
he was in right Ryan your dark is good
it's really good it's a gritty vampire
movie not a a gothic sensual vampire
movie just just vagabonds who need to
drink blood to stay alive then I have a
home near dark is great Bill Paxton did
not die in predator he died in predator
to the he has the distinct honor of
being one of one of two actors who has
been killed by the Terminator a
xenomorph he he was a cop in termina in
a predator too so he has he has a very
very distinct honor I say they call me
at the manhole the giant poop monster I
mean like he's just he's one of those
actors that has been around forever and
just a working
sir forever right he Pullman or Paxton
is the classic game and and he was great
and everything I I have no like I have
no special love for him besides him just
being great and everything like it
didn't break my heart hearing the news
of his death today but the chance saying
Lance Henriksen yeah he's one of two
actors
what if oh-oh-oh he was one of two
actors who has been killed I didn't
catch the two Prague or and I might have
said one of a few actors but he was in
predator two - then I'm assuming Lance
Hendricks yeah I don't know who it is
off of the top of my head a bishop in
aliens the face is not I've seen one of
the detectives in Terminator one of the
detectives yeah he was originally gonna
play The Terminator oh yeah yeah you
know what I can do because we're waiting
for this to download I can't see his
face it would have been a very different
Terminator but it still would have
worked I can't uh oh
sure that guy oh oh a predator - but he
was in alien versus Predator yeah that
makes that makes sense but I don't
remember how he died an alien versus
Predator I guess it was a predator I had
to vent this guy killed by yeah okay I
know him more importantly it's this guy
this is the face everyone knows yeah
hold on let's wait for that's clear
there is that's the face everyone knows
I know that face I would have never I
you know I'm terrible with names I never
would have remembered that name but how
slow is our download speed fucking right
five minutes five minutes - berserk five
minutes everyone this is your five
minute berserk warning Paxton was the
blue haired Punk and yes that's correct
yeah he's great he was great and
everything listen did you see like storm
chasers today were spelling out BP with
their GPS tracking satellites because of
his fucking twister
oh you know what movie I feel I've never
seen twister because it sounds so
fucking dumb it is and it's great it's
dumb and great I love I love twister
genuinely but I love that kind of
schlock i unyk lee love schlock you know
what a lot of people are forgetting
Paxton for a simple plan people in the
chat if mention it by the way chat
you're on it
simple plan who it's a it's Sam Raimi
Sam Raimi directed Billy Bob Thornton
Bill Paxton like small little dopey
crime caper and it's great it's it's
basic it's basically a like of mice and
men version of a crime caper and it's
really it's a really good movie renegade
and Kieran the Chad yeah this is saying
something I thought I had no no hello
night tonight Jack and I saw a hollow
night yeah I had the same reaction I'm
like oh this is Jack written all over it
yeah hollow night is a 2d kind of
Metroidvania platformer and what did you
have to say about holiday hey I was
absolutely flabbergasted it could just
be a full-power horror holidays I think
Sam we already got it set up it could it
could just be that I am slightly burnt
out on 2d platformers yeah but I saw
this and it does like it does look like
something that would be right up my
alley here hold on I get this up here it
absolutely looks like something that
would just work make it fullscreen it
will be cut off if you take fullscreen I
don't know they'll see it
oh yeah oh yeah part of it will be cut
off there that's fine they're just gonna
get the gist of it so it's all because
of the download because we're
downloading right now alright anyway
it's a very Jack looking game it's a
very Jack looking game you know just
good how about some still images can we
see those Starkiller 1633 says Wow
how long it looks just like Helldivers
so it's like a Metroidvania action
platformer and I don't know you know
it's maybe it's the art style maybe it's
the character like look at that
character that doesn't really speak to
me it just does not speak to me and it
might be a great game but I've been
playing like a low boy recently and I'm
just kind of done I'm just kind of done
man then you know dessert was in our it
was also in our steam recommendations
you know because we had recently clay
Fanny party say hey these these guys
love anime these guys love anime let's
get berserk on their wish list that's
the thing like salt and sanctuary at
least had a little something different
to it had the Dark Souls twist to it
that I'm excited actually Sultan the
people who made Sultan Sanctuary said
that they are they're still working on a
video part which I would love I'd love a
Vita port I'd love to play that on the
go Sultan sanctuary I think I played a
lot more if I could play it on the go
we're almost done I'm going to I'm gonna
go grab a beverage okay and
and and then we're gonna we're gonna
play a game so I'm just gonna leave you
you do thank you for a moment Nana says
this next console was for the dentist
out there remember way bad that the joke
about the console and then don't give it
good you play with your teeth meds and
references references reference to the
thing the thing

[Part II]
get nothing connect controller ready
jack that controller ready I've tried to
play D&D; exactly once yeah how'd it go
not well no a friend of mine a good
friend of mine was was really into D&D;
and had a group and he's like hey you're
a creative guy you like games you do I
really like the indie and I said oh yeah
I've always you know I've always wanted
to get into the uni and so he goes hey I
got a group we play together come to
come to one of our games and you know
I'll talk to my DM and we'll see if we
can you know get you like a basic
character and you know just see see what
happens at a D&D; game that's great
that's great okay so I go I go you know
to his group and you know like a meet
everybody they sell seem like nice
people it's time to start the game and
as soon as like the game started and
like I had never been to a D&D; thing
before ever and so like as soon as it
started basically everyone was a huge
jerk to me and considered it like a pain
in their ass that I was there asking
questions like how do you how do you get
to like how do you make a character I
really yeah really they they were such
dickheads
Wow it was really terrible Wow and you
know like they're talking about like the
rule sets in what book you should use
and I was like okay great like what does
that mean and they're like you don't
even know what like you should use
volume 3 like everyone's using volume 3
not like oh they're so they were so
terrible they were horrible horrible
Dickens you know fuck you I'm out of
here
wait and that's what that's how it went
like I stayed for like an hour or so and
they were all dead cause I was like
alright I'm leaving I guess the Indies
not for me cuz I don't know the rules
you know that Bill Paxton had been that
James Cameron directed a video for oh
that's great teeny wrench yeah no I
I wouldn't purposely fuck it up I I'm
sure I would in general enjoy launch
configuration to all you know what's
that well probably
solution and all that mm-hmm crank it
down if you're worried about crashing
something with OBS running but it's
probably fine it's under standard that's
fine
none of us says when panty party be an
okay game if instead of flying attack
panties the game is about attack
butterflies seemed like it was a very
repetitive game but maybe the girls
panties amplified that no it was pretty
dull it's pretty repetitive would you
would you agree about that panty party
panty party whether they would make it
better would it be better if we were
like butterflies and not patty he's like
would it make a difference no no I mean
you could you could swap out those
panties with anything oh yeah I mean was
it a good game and then no right no it's
well you know what swap them out with
robots and it's still the exact same
game play over and over again so what
happened I don't I'm not playing the
game to get the dang game bang bang OBS
doesn't know what we're doing does it
nobody will in a second
but in any case I'd like I would love if
I had like I would love to I would still
think I wouldn't enjoy D&D; if I had a
group of people who were like willing
not jerks well or or who were at my
eleven like hey let's all learn together
you know but it's just not gonna happen
cuz of time there's never time
what movie in-game are we most looking
forward to this year Jack you know what
you know it's you know what right now is
currently higher on my look forward to
list than Zelda I'm gonna guess new low
road on Robo dinosaur yeah I want the
most improperly named game of all time
have you been working on your list you
need to work on your list of better news
is the new Mario coming up this year yes
that's a fair question mark
I remember if it's later this year or
early next but Mario yeah I I'm more
excited about Robo dinosaurs than I am
Zelda I'm looking forward to my time
playing that more as far as movies I
don't know
nothing in particular what's complaining
no off the top of my head what's coming
out this year you know probably hate
Marvel movies and guardians - okay that
could be fun is Thor coming out this
year next year I'm I'm looking forward
to Thor we recently I recently saw into
the shadows yeah that's the the movie
with the people from Flight of the
Conchords
when is infinity war coming out oh god I
don't know probably next year and it's
coming of the summer I'm looking forward
to getting that over with it could be
great but even if it's not great at
least we're finally done with it and the
news that was code obvious I don't
really give a fuck no it's fine it'll be
fine I'm sure it'll be fine
the other one was fine dude Star Wars
Episode eight Star Wars lightsaber
lightsabers
Jack did you know there are lightsabers
and Star Wars what when did you know
George Lucas made four billion dollars
then he can retire on because he came up
with a laser sword and that's really all
he had to do is it just the it's just
the laser sword is it just a laser sword
or is it Jedi's in gym you have to be
badass while you use the laser sword
like in real world you would just get
shot while using the laser sword so so
you have to have the laser sword and the
ability to deflect bullets he created
the Jedi which which is not even a
creation of his own because all it is is
a knight from medieval times with a
laser sword the original Star Wars
trilogy was pretty good pretty damn good
what are the best movies of all time is
the Empire Strikes Back I'm done with it
I don't need more I think the newer ones
so far better than the prequels but I
don't I wouldn't lose a lick of sleep if
they tell me we're not making any more
Star Wars movies by the way I don't
think anyone would you don't know our
fans there might there might be a
momentary panic but then they would just
fall in love with the next thing
skip stamp berserk playthrough the
original story well I am skipping every
single goddamn cutscene and I need all
of you people who love berserk to know
that I don't care I don't care if you
want to see the story
I'm skipping it all like Thrones
character from the e you know I started
reading that first book and after the
third retarded coincidence of everybody
meeting up on the same planet and this
huge huge galaxy I was out I was already
out at that point so no the only things
I like in the expanded universe Jedi
Knights fun game and that fight is a fun
game
look at those horrible textures the
ground everything looks the same I guess
they're not they're not technically
horrible but it's an ugly repetitive
look yeah I agree
here we go
blowing them down mowing them down mow
down the bad guys fuck yeah
get out of here Oh dick did you ever
need a charge tank just just keep
spamming mando I am moving my mic
further away from my face
zoo and I'm loud compared to you which I
don't think that's a shock in any world
nope oh god no good that might scream
and whatever it's fine are you doing
here yeah there's rivers of blood oh
this game does not appear to require
thoughts will be perfect for rich Oh
fancy gauge on the frenzy is full you
can activate friends email the bigger
you make your combos the faster your
frenzy gauge will fill out but flexkom
I'm classic difficulty without losing
fuckin soldier and tell me I'm a dumb
gamer
monster man dude says hey rich and Jack
hi I just wanted to if you would watch a
keeper or any other more serious animes
that isn't pandering also any good
schlocky released for being sick I'm
sick
LLO jerk my berserk I've ever seen
accurate I see a keeper back in the day
there's no single character in that that
is likable and then I'm rooting for
beautiful animation yeah beautiful
amazing I don't like anybody in it
there are things that I have liked that
have had an anime style such as zone of
the enders I see nothing special or
especially interesting in anime in and
of itself
sure like I mean like the hey hey where
are you you can just run away like that
dickhead
the fun thing to me about any sort of
animation yeah I guess specifically
anime like thinking about you know
movies that like like I you know I
really like the ghost in the shell'
anime there's a there's a lot of there's
a lot of anime that I like Akira I think
is okay but you know just like just this
like this wall filled with human faces
when you when you're watching an
animated feature it's much it's much
easier to suspend your disbelief
mhm because it's one blanket animation
suspension of disbelief
rather than watching a real-life actor
and a CG background or matte painting
and so I feel like there's an argument
to be made for overall creativity and
suspension of disbelief in animated
features that's just animation not
animes well but you know usually anime
will have a a sci-fi twist cuz The
Incredibles is pretty fucking good be
Gretta was really good that might seem
goofy though if it weren't animated yeah
these superheroes are silly but you
don't get that because it's animated
area
Habakkuk says seriously I need the hip
feedback on the cash me outside girl my
dad hadn't tell me about her but he
watches TMZ I think he has a problem my
dad watching all that reality stuff it
rot your brains okay I have no idea what
you're talking about
I don't even know what the call me
outside girl is that's what I'm saying
captain blue 42 says meet personally I
loved what is best of the worst
riches bait-and-switch joked about David
Carradine and kung-fu killed me and Jack
how does it feel to know that you
laughed like George meant why Oh fucking
bomb and man he I talked to him about
that later because by the way that did
make me laugh I loved his edit of me
laughing like like George McFly and
according to Jay he has been trying to
get that joke into best of the worst for
a while but there hasn't been a moment
where I've had a single doubt laughs
like I've been laughing with people so
he hasn't been able to isolate my laugh
he said he's been thinking about this
for a while man what an asshole
do they ever actually attack you um I
not yet this is just the first level
though so slightly to new confront charm
Jim yeah let's just see what happens if
I don't attack them for a little bit
what if I stand still I guess this is
tutorial this is just a call it will say
this is the Troy yeah
tutorial we're gonna flame tutorial but
yeah Jia like and obviously you know
that was one of those moments where hey
J made fun of the way I laugh and that's
fine because it was funny as long as
it's funny it's okay God lyrics a Star
Wars question with the expanded universe
books not being candid anymore does this
mean that Boba Fett is still sitting in
the Sarlacc pit digesting for a thousand
years he's just a stupid clone anyway
yes yes it does
well if it basically did female boba
fett with Captain phasma that's the best
of the role she served as if you're just
comparing movies absolutely cool-looking
background character who didn't really
do all that much cool looking bad guy
boom yeah captain phasma the so they
already had their Boba Fett character in
the new ones yeah lab rat 42 says
enjoying my last spotted cal here in
Iowa before I have to refill in
Wisconsin here's to you the best tax on
the Internet
thank you spotted cow heck of a beer
fast mo doesn't look cool
nah she looks pretty cool yeah like all
silver got that sweet cape
oh yeah no and you know I like the voice
the the actress who does her voice like
yeah phasma this was all right
Beaubourg tracked him to cloud city
though he did stuff yes he followed
somebody in his car yeah what an awesome
character right he found sit in his car
and then he called the lord Vader he
called the real bad guy to come and do
the stuff everybody knows all he really
did was stand around and look cool yeah
that was the thing he did Boba Fett like
is one of those is one of those
characters that for some reason has has
enjoyed this immense cult following even
though they had he has like what five
minutes of screen time he's got nothing
yeah I can't fight them from because the
missions over what the fuck what the
fuck are you you get to the Jabba in
Japanese yeah can you can you change the
language oh did you overdub yeah yeah
I'd love to do overdub oh the menu can
we do that
I want to drink weeaboo tears
no Horacio Svetlana says Boba Fett was
exactly as cool as he needed to be he
was exactly how he was supposed to be in
the original trilogy he's not an
overrated terrible character he's not
the coolest guy ever he is a good
character who was used appropriately no
no no after the original trilogy was
everything well I guess the business
party or who ever lived I guess it
depends on how you are using the term
good character
he was used appropriately in the
original trilogy okay and I agree with
that point he was used appropriately in
the original trilogy he is a he's a
nothing character though sure he his
Karen that all comes from the fans
though right that wasn't the movie
saying he is the best character ever
he was just bounty hunter he was just
about on solo he was a competition his
character was competent bounty hunters
okay great as long as we're not like
skip this person yes escape the
cutscenes go to the menu I want I want
English overdubbed okay that's not even
an option they might not have it
oh that's a fat load of bullshit mmm
they don't have it as an option I'm
sorry fucking weeaboos they can only be
heard the raziel Japanese dub it's
really good because I like it when you
can understand that people are saying
but it's authentic way Japanese
all right so yeah this is this is just
like this is just like Dynasty Warriors
the only difference is in Dynasty
Warriors we got to choose what character
we would be and so you're like you could
have these really fun characters with
different weapons and so far I'm just
this guy but I have no idea what he's
saying and I don't feel like reading cuz
I'd be playing a game it's terrible it's
terrible it's great ladies guys man back
in the day way back in the day bases are
on battlefields IV and resupply can
scope bases great
way back in the day Lisa and I would
play so much dynasty Warriors that we
would just see red bars over people
greatest greatest game it's just it's
just new there's no thought to it
whatsoever see some with a red bar over
their face and you fucking murder them
the greatest rich rich doesn't approve
of foreign languages not what I'm trying
to understand what the fuck is going on
you won't oh yeah I don't know
great great war on God says hey rich and
Jack I recently started watching TNG on
Netflix great I'm the weapon eleven
episodes into the first season question
when does the show get good also does
Wesley hopefully die at some point
thanks
all right we're on god here's your
mistake your mistake was starting at
season one you should immediately stop
watching season one because despite what
Tiberius Kirk and the chat says and Jack
season one is fuckin awful what you need
to do is because there isn't really like
a city like the carryover the
overarching story cuz TNG really doesn't
have that for the most part so go
straight to season three three goes
straight to three two season two starts
getting good but it's a mixed bag there
are episodes of season two that are
awful but there are some episodes of
season two that are like some of the
fucking best
TMZ episodes ever ok but it's a mixed
bag 3 is pretty uniformly good ok
so skip to season 3 for a bit and once
you're digging season 3
check out maybe like some of season 2
but probably more specifically a little
later half a season 2 is a lot better
than the first half of season 2 season 2
is one that it starts getting better
later on ok and that's how you do it
start at 3 I think that's guys they
power through man points station that
you talking about the pilot episode
which it it doesn't it doesn't get
better than adequate the mystery of far
plan that's adequate that's an adequate
episode at best and it only works
because of John de Lancie is cue
season three of Star Trek TNG I thought
that was obvious because the question
was about Star Trek TNG nope like like
Farpoint that's as good as season one
gets it's just okay ish when John de
Lancie is on screen
Polaski my dick off gross rich Goblin
did you're like 12 year old kid
commandeer your computer and are they
using your name they're usually more
well-spoken than that
dr. Pulaski is more interesting than
crusher who's just kind of boring soap
opera doctor I'll give you that class
keys got spunk goddamnit she's got a
thing
and I forget what season it is Wesley
does leave he becomes much less
prominent starting with season two and
eventually he just leaves he comes back
every now and then for like a guest spot
yeah but he goes away
that is true and that's important to
know because I mean yeah what's this
side Pulaski is female McCoy and McCoy
is one of the best Star Trek characters
ever I failed to see why this is a
negative it's still better than crusher
than Beverly Crusher who was just boring
yeah I guess she was hotter than Pulaski
so what
Polaski had far better chemistry with
the carton they can take it they could
they could knock heads Oh agreed well
crusher to have had that like quasi love
relationship with Picard they never had
good chemistry together more than ever
well well but also it like as a
character she was always like
subservient to pretend so no she was
weak Pulaski gave a little back yes yeah
I'm where I'm with you rich I don't give
a shit if she was slightly cranky like
bones I don't give a flying fuck bones
never really butted heads with the Kirk
though they got along swimmingly
blood
Addie's games are alright I'll tell you
what they're alright alright Anonymous's
rich any thoughts and the
kickstarter-funded to Star Trek ds9
what we left behind documentary directed
by Adam Nimoy any Trek documentary is
bound to be interesting I know very
little about it other than there was a
Kickstarter and there's gonna be a
documentary there you go just because
they make a documentary doesn't mean
it's going to necessarily be a good one
very true very true but you know it's
Trek documentary and certainly be
willing to give it a watch
animate god-king says is this all there
is to this it seems kind of boring yep
yeah it does seem kind of boring I've
never been a dynasty Warriors fan there
there is something very there's
something so dumb and simple about these
games that I have to I have to like them
it it takes some kind of effort to make
fighting a hundred dudes boring that's
that's some special and fair point fair
point
Lord Belmont says did you guys or anyone
in the chat play sword of the berserk
guts rage for the Dreamcast back in 2000
I loved that game also are you guys
going to play yakuza zero I think I've
heard of the preserved Dreamcast game
I've never played it as far as you
choose zero I have no immediate plans to
play it that doesn't mean I'm condemning
it just means I have no immediate plans
to plan I know very little about the
series
and Jack is busy doing just mindless X
button Spanish oh god yes it's all X
button motherfucker oh my god it's
wonderful why huh why I can't oh my god
it's just it's that perfect amount of
like just violence overthinking there's
no there's no actual combat going on
there's no dodging there's no countering
not right now there's no doing this kind
of moved to break the guard so you can
get in there and do damage but is that
it's it's just this is just so simple
make you feel like a badass that's all
that's all you want sometimes it's just
I want to feel like a badass I'm gonna
slice up all these dudes boom do you
feel like a badass you don't feel like
you're earning it a little bit all right
you know what it is it's listen oh it's
uh it's McDonald's it's not real food
but it'll do it'll do
I'll count it
I'm going to make a game where every
time you press the X button that tells
you you are awesome you are awesome you
are awesome yep
try playing on normal / Cardinal I am
playing a normal one Jack is planning on
normal it asked me if I wanted to play
uneasy and I said no I am playing on
normal but you have experience for this
type of game I also have experience with
this time ok
what you're asking from Metal Gear
Rising that's what I'll get onto it
someday someday I'll get around would
see if I can get over my absolute
distaste for the main character okay
great we're doing great guys we're doing
great
all right gobbledygook says gobbledygook
Darth Vader had no dad Boba Fett had no
mom oh yeah I guess yeah let me
understand you got the hen the chicken
and the rooster the rooster goes with
the chicken so who's having sex with the
hen catholique rooks what happened to
you man what happened what did you do
with the real gobbledy guards just weird
weird nonsense
no no mention of DC Universe Online no
it's free you fucks couple z28 listen
got to go because you're trying
something new or has brain cancer that's
possible hey guess what we're not
watching them I'm going with brain
cancer
I'm so sorry gobbledygook
okay we need to figure out how to get
over there the real man says have you
seen the video or someone put a voice to
r2d2 beeps it's really great when they
meet obi-wan who says he doesn't
remember our to who then lists all their
adventures from the prequels because
George Lucas didn't really care about
continuity or he's so dumb he didn't
realize he was making a blade and
continuity error
we're didn't care I whatever if I didn't
remember that never entered his mind the
only thing that entered his mind was the
droids were part of the average I
thought making funny this morning
renegade Kiera's is rich everyone knows
about your dislike for Final Fantasy but
what about Kingdom Hearts battling goofy
Donald and Goofy arguing with SIP Rio
about the power of friendship does the
cringe eeeh sting I've ever seen except
for all so furia
separable separate from Final Fantasy
have you played into the Kingdom Hearts
no I have not okay and that's fair a
really interesting idea of Kingdom
Hearts you know like the mixture of the
the Disney Universe and the final
fantasy universe we
that wasn't supposed to come over here I
did it wrong run run you asshole
gosh darn it run
they can go go go
it's just like the the this is just like
the dynasty wargames I remember he's
accidentally going the wrong way
nah mrs. Jack yeah did you laugh like
George McFly when you watch this edit
are you laughing like George McFly it it
made it made me giggle like you know a
lot of it because obviously I'm there
for the I'm there for the filming so
it's like I know a lot of the jokes that
are coming yeah so any time any time you
know an episode of best of the worst
things surprised me yeah usually gets a
good chuckle out of me
and that did and it you know at first I
just thought he was gonna replay my
laugh over and over again cuz it was a
weird laugh yeah I'm gonna cut to George
McFly he got me
big Gavin London loved it that javis age
bisman he gets me foster load says sup
guys sup do you remember when fellow
Milwaukee and Jeff Dahmer was in the
news fun fact he was obsessed with the
Emperor from Star Wars and even had
yellow contacts he'd wear to look more
like him I remember one that we made
worse Jeffrey Dahmer yeah
I don't know that was not a Milwaukee
and at the time
technically I'm not now as I do not live
in the city limits of Milwaukee right
yeah and I was I was well outside of
Milwaukee at that point but yeah I was a
big dumb rich it's been a while since
we've had a horrific serial killer in
news we're about to aren't we yeah you
know whatever everyone now is just a
terrorists yeah like you want a serial
killer you sure nice change of pace you
know you're John Wayne Gacy Ted Bundy
Jeffrey Dahmer and we we're in the
middle of a serial killer drought that's
true that's true
everyone's hoping for the the chief the
cheap one off of the of the masked
terrorist attack yeah you know how about
some about some three points long-term
mass murder yeah yeah think it out I
think it out man you don't have to get
them all at once
great
we had BTK a few years ago but I caught
him a few years ago but his killing
spree ended a while before that he
stopped killing people for a while
bibi gabi TK yeah you know that is he
stopped killing people for a while and
then I don't know if he was just feeling
nostalgic or whatnot he decided he'd
leave a few more letters for the cops
just to relive old times and they were
able to trace one of them back to him
really they traced a floppy disk he left
back to a church that then it turned out
he worked at the church he was a good
church-going man that don't take a
killer mm-hmm I think somebody was
writing a book on him what is that yeah
somebody else can't get attention for
shit I did I'm gonna do some more I'm
gonna make some more noise oh it sure is
ego got this ego got in the way yeah
yeah
did they ever catch that old Zodiac
killer nope
DC snipers seem pretty recent they ain't
got nothing on Jeffrey Dahmer horrific
they may get scared to leave your house
right but ain't got nothing on the on
the Horror Show they found in Jeffrey
Dahmer's place that's fucked up shit
that was a whole different shebang right
there eating people eating people
motherfucker mm-hmm oh listen the DC
snipers that was a different kind of
scary there were some weird political
nuts they weren't really similar serial
killers but yeah I mean there's no an
account like yeah I think they count
yeah but like as far as scare factor is
concerned like actually you know what no
you know cuz for so long they couldn't
figure out where they were coming from
that is scary yeah
DC snipers I'm yeah that's scary
shit
sir Lewis's evening gents despite this
game being rather boring unfortunately
the mangu is arguably and most people's
top 10 I know you could give two fucks
rich anyhow did I miss the Oscars
discussion oh god we don't care about
the Oscars and that was the disguise
that was the whole discussion anonymous
says hey guys we're too rich get that
sweet Star Trek t-shirt he wore in the
latest Phuket oh well it's the one I'm
thinking of well which one you're
thinking which one that I wore in the
last like that oh I've got a letter
Nimoy one that a fan sent in mmm-hmm so
I don't know where that came from that
was a gift is that is that your trekkers
very nice gift no there's just just just
his face okay black and white oh yeah
then you have a tricky trekkers I have
one end ages though so that wasn't the
one in the last plank that oh uh and
then I got one that's almost looks like
a blueprint of the enterprise and like a
blue shirt that might have been it I
think I just bought that at Target
honestly sure
no no amazing story there just at Target
let's not forget Ed Gein well still way
before way before Dahmer that was 60s
he's the one that know when they say
based on a true story he for like you
know Texas Chainsaw Massacre had a bunch
of different things I say based on a
true story
it's him they're referring to yeah Oh
God though to be fair most of the
corpses they found in his house I
believe he just dug them up from the
cemetery still creepy it's still crazy
still creepy I don't think he actually
killed that many people just like one or
two that he actually murdered sure okay
about that the more you know the more I
think about DC sniper that is terrifying
you know why because like in my mind
someone like Jeffrey Dahmer or a Gaynor
error like any serial killer it's
usually like someone who engages you on
a person-to-person level but the idea of
an unseen sniper sure anywhere they
could be an you sure that's horrifying
that is horrifying
who's the serial killer that was on the
dating show I heard about that I don't
remember his name it was a photographer
he took pictures
Chad Singh Charles Whitman
where are we
here we go now we're getting now we're
getting into a little more dynasty
Warriors oh man
mokey b85 says it's a bunch of shit in
the screen that's keeping me from
reading it properly hold on let me
scroll hey wreckers
speaking of whatever you've been talking
about it doesn't matter
XCOM what will you play bar mokey got an
itch to scratch with my laser gun that
itches them damn aliens
mokey got an itch to scratch I'm just
pacing about god damn it don't be in
such a hurry to die again
you got you got fucking lucky pal you
know you're not fucking lucky you
fucking know he did the classic comic
book resurrection right there won a
billion chance and he did it did it
flirty act says hey rich did you ever
watch the Dead Rising 4 video I emailed
it to Jack and all I probably email the
- you never check your email why would
you email it to me and not like text me
a link because if I email - you can
watch it on your computer if I text you
a link how are you gonna watch it on
your computer I can I can type letters I
don't want to type letters god dammit
listen sometimes it doesn't get I'll
check my email I I think I check the
recently no I didn't see anything from
you so we just missed it
maybe I just missed it I will look again
if you go alright I'd kill the horses I
don't want to kill the horses why not oh
and then you have to kill the horse what
a ride a horse I'm very fucking sorry
why do you want to ride the horse you
just hit ex-new win so you hit it's a
combination of X and wine you can do
different moves dad to break a shield
then I can fucking murder hmm yes the
people that don't attack you those
combos are very effective against people
who don't actually attack you straight
you're correct
murdering horses turtle elias's the only
award I'm pulling for is the visual
effects category for Doctor Strange
two of the four of this team are on the
spectrum I don't want them to win for
their disability but because of their
ability all right I guess I guess that
autism give you some attention to detail
but make for an awesome special effects
artist I can see that
wait what what they're on the spectrum
I'm sure the autistic that usually that
means autism beyond autistic spectrum
who's on the other side people on a
visual effects team for Doctor Strange
okay they're pulling for Doctor Strange
to win the best effects oh ok at the
Oscars sure
nemesis are you guys trying out a new
segment Jesus Christ quit playing this
already nope I'm just super anyway this
is the berserk we thought you people
like the berserk you tell you've talked
about beserk like non-stop look before
we streamed i tried to talk jack in the
holo night am i thought my thought was
and continues to be that if we play a
beserk it's a little more action
orientated than holla night so we might
get some more comedy out of it no I just
I didn't think it would be this fucking
repetitive I did because it looked like
dynasty warriors you know I have a soft
spot for you know you do I know you do
but look what you can do you can pick
them up with this sword down fuck man as
long as we talk about stuff but then
again you're too busy hitting back I
don't know why this is taking so much in
your concentration why is that taking so
much of your consolation so much rich
it's so nice okay all right oh you got a
hit
what you got hit what are we what are we
talking about well I'll see you where
are we on the tips here screaming keep
me company while I'm cleaning my house
if you could invite any special guest to
the best of the worst filming who would
you choose thanks again
any special guest to a vessel or scream
Patrick Stewart he would be great
Patrick would be great really I like to
me I would love to just have more people
who are actually filming like you know
actually like making something yeah and
anyone who's in the industry may like
behind the camera I would love to have
the best of the worst just because I
feel like they could give us some more
insights you're not hitting anyone
just but just some huge just some huge
ass celebrity being on best of the worst
it's inherently fun that would be
inherently fun the downside of course is
not many would probably want to do it
because they want to keep civil within
the industry or make it fun well yeah
yeah we're making fun of really old
movies of people who weren't I think the
industry anymore that'd be one of those
where we'd have to like really curtail
like cater handpicked the episode to be
like really old movies yeah then no one
has any involvement in it so just X
that's what you're doing here yeah are
you even hitting the I'm just hitting
action movement stick I'm moving around
okay
yeah we're just doing great Ritchie's
doing great let's see did you see the
documentaries on John Wayne Gacy
that was intense murdered all those poor
boys and birds and under the basement
probably a lot of different
documentaries name is serial killers you
know maybe if any big stars I'm best the
worst you'd have to Eric Andre ed and
try to freak them out no no first of all
that's Eric Andre's fit he freaks out
his guest second we were we'd be happy
to have people on so that we're not
gonna hear to freak him out we're here
that you know be good people if if
Patton here here's the problem of
getting patent on the show Patton Oswalt
he's busy man
that's anything that is the one and only
problem we're getting patent on the show
he works so much right so I'd love to
have him on the show of course fun
when's when's that scheduled gonna open
up all right right filming a best of the
worst is an all-day affair
yeah rich is not looking at the TV he's
just he's actually just looking at me
and it's a little creepy
I'm just hitting X and randomly moving
his character around my every now and
then okay oh so that's something if you
want to hit B you could do a super like
X and now hit B again thank again the
thing I did was really awesome well so
now that now you can hit harder a
Griffith has appeared okay my winning
yeah yeah oh by the way you have like a
sliver of Health gone yeah talk about
whatever let's see here let's see here
my dad is from Plainfield and met Ed
Gein when he was a kid he was also the
last person to see Ed Gein's final
victim alive yeah and maybe that's the
thing like maybe there are still serial
killers around but they're just not
getting the headlines because of modern
terrorism that's you know like that's
the big into attention-getting thing I
want to say Karen's mother lived in the
same neighborhood where Richard Speck
killed all those nurses that one night
she was like it was her town yeah super
creepy that's super creepy JK blunt man
says love you guys curious what your
feelings are on Mystery Science Theater
3000 punk rock and classic foreign art
house films fuck MODOK lol again love
you guys
I think they can do what they want to do
when it doesn't affect my world much is
that because I dislike then it's because
if I'm gonna make fun of bad movies I'm
gonna make my own jokes with my friends
who like doing this and that was all
like I remember seeing this I can't the
fun half the fun is making your own
jokes of course and that was my big
problem with mr. size they're like I I
watched an episode
oh yeah this is really fun and then I I
never sought it out again because that's
what I did with my friends right yeah
right like oh yeah this is a fine show
but I would rather be the one making fun
of the movie and coming up with the
jokes just making sure I was near
something it looks like you might have
to pay attention because he's been
blocking it I'll just are hitting why
around then okay good
so so yeah that's that's I have no ill
will towards Mystery Science Theater has
a good cast I don't actually know much I
don't know it looks like a different
cast for the new one though yeah yeah I
pat all I knows patents on it I'm okay
with think I like patent but no no
strong feelings about the reboots or
whatever whatever I'm sure it's gonna be
fine I don't know I don't know punk rock
you have any strong feelings on punk
rock not strong feelings okay so fine
Chandra sure sure
I never I never much cared for it no I
like melody I like I like I don't know
I think I did Oh what's the cutscene so
I think I did it
maybe you're supposed to die yeah
Oh
okay I did good you you you beat that
entire end level without even looking at
the screen taking all the fun out of
this that's fine and you know what
that's fine
SSSs Rick you know what rich you mate
you proved your point
you proved your point and I hope you're
happy about that Chozen the chat is
saying mega punch wasn't answered what
did you think of sky I don't even know
what ska sounds like honestly you know
sky real big fish who the the Mighty
Mighty Bosstones Goldfinger a little a
little bit of early no doubt Bennett
Bennett no sell out no with me oh yeah
sell out with me okay did you see bass
ketball no real big fish to distract the
bass ketball
as you can tell I listen to sky I was
been I was into like the as much as you
can be into it like I was into punk rock
and sky when I was in high school of
Trumpets do they do that a little bit of
Monica No
that wasn't scouts not stuff that's got
trumpets trumpets oh then then I have no
I actually have no idea the impression
that I get yeah is the Mighty Mighty
Bosstones
I've heard that name sure your uh less
than Jake yeah there's there's a there's
a lot there's a lot here that apparently
rich so yeah I listen to punk rock and
ska when I was in high school and grew
out of it pretty quickly but I you know
there's a soft spot for Scotty
you know why Scott they like to have fun
they like to have fun and dance at their
shows check-check what difficulty you're
playing on because you say you're
playing on normal but I don't think so
okay I will check I will absolutely
check rich I know you have said that
relative to their budget the prequels
are the the worst movies ever made yes
but Superman Batman vs Superman had a
budget almost twice as big as the
sequels yeah but there's the prequels is
the prequels it's almost nowhere near as
bad as the prequels are though agreed
prequels are awful the prequels are
awful attack of the clones specifically
like a Phantom Menace isn't even the
worst it's not even close with a with a
whole lot of fixing up a whole lot of
fixing up and script doctoring you could
probably make a half decent movie out of
the Phantom Menace with a lot of work a
lot of attack of the clones you would
just throw completely in the trash and
start over it's garbage yeah
yeah so while Batman versus men might
have twice the budget it is not twice as
awful as the prequels I'll say it's only
25% is awful is Attack of the Clones
I'll throw that number on there I'll
pull that number out of my ass how do I
check the difficulty I have no idea good
on options well I'll begin the battle
and I'll check the difficulty Martha I
love that hack bot has a thing for
exclamation point Martha it's dumb
because Batman was so hell-bent on
murder I'll move along and that's all it
took yeah I'll make I'll make the same
argument I made up bring it up on you
know we talked about the movie yeah I
said that if it wasn't a murderous
Batman and him trying to kill Superman
was just because this case is so extreme
it's the only solution I can see that
makes sense if met it's too dangerous I
have to break my rule
yeah and kill somebody I don't want to
but I have to do it sure then Martha
works never like that works right he's
convinced himself and the only thing to
break him out of it the thing that makes
him reconsider his option to murder ya
is hearing my sure but but he was
already like happily killing people
right
all right where did we leave off you've
read the punk-rock one right yeah I
think the other was there in other parts
of the punk rock one I don't know loved
over beefcake is Batman vs Superman dawn
of Justice one for Razzie Awards that is
all lol Martha's my mom's name oh my god
it won for recipes Razzies by the way
the rezzie's our own award show I guess
they broadcasted somewhere that they do
the same day as the Oscars only it's the
worst the worst of the worst actor or
the worst movie so as you can clearly
see everyone has been on normal he
difficulty has been set on normal are
you gonna hard let me go too hard I'd be
too blind Jack okay but I just I just
wanted to show everyone it was on normal
okay okay
so I was I did not play on easy I was
playing on normal we'll try hard and see
if that if that can make the difficulty
a little more ramping I'm not doing
berserk mode thank you for apologizing I
appreciate that
no Chad I'd never really got into Star
Gate nope took in the reason why that's
not a movie about moving one sounds kind
of dumb and sorry I wasn't too
interested in the TV show people some TV
shows good alright but I I just had
never seen it I've never given it a good
shot sure
brenigan Kira says hey guys managed to
save up around $800 for a brand new PC I
live in Canada so stuff is more
expensive than in the USA would you
recommend the gtx 1060 or just pony up
for 1070 LOL Helldivers i depends about
what you want
performance wise and what can you
forward and like like if you get the
1070 over the 1060 what are you
sacrificing to do that what are you what
are you giving up instead I mean if you
have the extra money may as well get the
nicer card it might be overkill for what
you want
yeah right but that's the real thing is
what what games do you want to play and
at what resolution do you want to play
than that alright I would say just like
for me if it's if it's a question of an
extra 100 or so dollars I prefer the
future-proofing but that the person you
know a lot of that depends upon what
your personal budgets like it might be a
lot of money exactly exactly
you're probably if you just want a game
you know want to do 4k or something
stupid you're mad since 60 is probably
five
I'm coming I'm coming to help my way
Lily juice
what you see us playing on right now
this is the previous gen of graphics
card West is a 1979 oh is it
I don't remember it's a nine something
it's not a ten something oh okay and
this is working out just fine for me I
think it's a 970 okay yeah and this
works okay like sometimes as you all
well know we can't play at the highest
graphic graphics quality when we stream
but that just doesn't matter a lot of
times we're getting good frame rates we
get that decent performance which is all
I really care about like to me you know
graphic settings don't matter as much as
frame rates as much as performance it's
I mean I haven't had trouble running
anything on this at 1080 yeah I have no
real interest in 4k but like I said 1080
just fine I'm pretty much everything I
have thrown at this so far the only
issues we've had has been playing a game
while running OBS yes while trying to
stream seems to be an issue but might
still have the same issue if I were
running a 1070 you know might afford to
do with the processor than the graphics
card oh sure yeah so
what are they playing the Sun PC your
ps4 PC PC and it's great if you like
dynasty warriors and also that anime
berserk it's great if you don't like
either you probably won't like this at
all
what if you just like the anime but you
don't like dynasty warriors oh then you
then you are in a pickle right there is
well no guess what if it's your favorite
anime job then my guess is you will hate
dynasty warriors my guess is you will
get over the fact that it's a Tennessee
Warriors it OBS can be processor
intensive yeah yeah I'm assuming it was
the processor not the video card issues
oh yeah that's why we usually have to
turn down our our quality settings but
we always still get decent performance
like this is on standard quality nothing
special
Tomic mousetrap says hey rich now that
it's been a while is there anything
you'd change about space Kampf to make
it a better movie what would you change
about space cop to make it a better
movie space cop I've always said it's
hard one for me to judge because I can't
stand watching myself on camera trying
to act right would I would make space
coffee better movie by recasting space
cop we're planning to build a separate
appear that just does the streaming with
a video capture card another worst idea
not the worst idea yeah really it's just
it's a practicality issue where that you
know that's that's money that's all
money and some you know we got the
switch coming out which we know we want
to talk about
what
okay
I guess we should still avoid talking
about space cop spoilers I'd say what my
favorite thing in the movie is but I
can't
they shouldn't probably shouldn't Oh
cuz the space cowboys yeah I guess
oh yeah I suppose that's I suppose
that's fair
can you ride that horse yeah I've been
riding on how you've been riding horses
I've been riding horses don't you worry
about me and the horses I got this horse
thing down now yeah stay away from oh
yeah but yeah problem I guess is if we
got a second computer just to handle the
stream yeah it would make things
smoother see how much it'll cost but so
much stamina
well no but you don't worry about him
you don't have to worry about a kick-ass
video card you could probably just use
onboard graphics oh yeah oh you don't
need a huge hard drive ya need a good
processor honestly you probably don't
even need a shit ton of memory you just
need a decent processor
I imagine sure so you might be able to
do it on the cheap onboard graphics are
grateful not that great yeah but we're
talking about a separate box just to run
OBS not the game right so that was my
first mission that's a ton hard what you
need is a decent capture card right and
we can get an integrated capture card
instead instead of using something like
the elgato yeah we can get an integrated
capture card or at least and that'll be
integrated into the motherboard
something you could put in there got a
card yeah instead of instead of an
external box yeah so rich that was my
first mission on hard ok and I did it a
little thing came up that's it perfect
good work jack I'm said work you hit
that X but it's so good wanna give
people an idea on the difficulty level
of this game
god preserve gulp the desert
well I'm one more one more incremental
incremental one more hard just to see
what's up with this alright
or just use the old PC used to stream
with before yeah but that one died
shortly after I built this I'm not I'm
not kidding it knew it was on it knew it
was on its last legs
I knew I'd built a new one and literally
the week after I built the new one it
stopped working guys I changed the
difficulty too hard I will double-check
for you I will double-check for you
okay okay great great great great I
don't know how to pronounce that koe I
the name of the people who made this
Joey Joey yeah was really upset they had
to make Hyrule warriors fun so they were
they were relieved when they got to make
this game what is what does Hyrule
warriors do to make it fun that's a
great question what is what is the
difference oh it can be a different
person now
yay why would you want to be anyone else
other than the tough guy who kicks ass
these people kick ass usually like in in
Dynasty Warriors people get different
weapons and it's really fun to play with
their different weapons okay okay it
looks like right now these people all
have thorns well did you do he looks
like a ninja
this guy doesn't that look like he could
beat up an army he looks like a ninja he
doesn't that look like he could beat up
an army yeah maybe he's a ninja and he
could sneak past an army but I don't
think he's going to be doing that in
this game I have to leave I have to
leave the game I have to leave the game
to change the difficulty setting
and you know I like these kind of games
and I still have not played Hyrule
warriors but I do in general like these
types of games so I probably would enjoy
our warriors
here we go basically the same kind of
gameplay but polished three times as
much how do you polish hitting X well
they do we crash no apparently it's just
it just quit the game it didn't go back
to the main menu oh you hit a button you
hit a button that did that okay all
right that's fine you know what that's
fine that's fine that's very you know
there there is some there's combos you
know X X Y X X X Y X Y X X X X X X X X Y
so there no didn't you see the combo
branch I'll show you the caliber x XX or
XY think going down to say why I saw
that yeah complicated yeah
as the X X Y burger boo boo - boo get
out of here
press any key okay options I'm not
touching the controller ready game
settings oh it was not normal okay all
right settings completed game settings
it is now on hard does everyone see that
it is unharmed
great alright my apologies then to
everyone it was set to normal
but now it is set to heart okay great
great
oh they're still playing this oh all the
berserk fans out there everyone in the
chat without a frown - a lot of people
in the chat mention berserk you get up
desert drag is good it's the anime
berserk is this this is the anime people
will be dying to see as to anything
involving berserk yeah and so many sad
people in chat right now so many sad
people are you are you you're enjoying
yourself though so I'm something it's
this for the night well that's fine by
me what time is it 8:30 I've been
playing this for two hours
well no I've been playing this for an
hour and a half mmm-hmm because okay
we'll go till 9:00 okay and and then
rich if you would like to play the other
game we'd have to download it I know I
know but it's a 2-d game so but yeah if
you would like to play the other game
I'm more than okay with that
love spider-man but doesn't mean his
games are fun web of shadows web of
shadows is fun you know and there are
some spider-man games that have fun it's
essentially spider-man vs. zombies web
of shadows yeah what was that out for um
well it was last gen and I think it was
multi-platform I'm just wondering like
how we could play it if we wanted to
play I I think I got it on a Playstation
3 oh okay I don't know I don't think
there's a PC version for every web of
Shadows there's ten spider-man's three
yes but my point was there is a fun
spider-man game out there not that
they're all good because I like that one
no that's fun
yeah
whoa what does I 1 2 3
yes this is hard mode you guys all saw
me go to hard mode and I'm playing with
a new character who I haven't played as
yet you guys all saw me go to hard mode
well Steven the fucking point you know
what it's see me it does seem like they
are actually attacking me now I so don't
get these games that's the game right
there see that we're at shit so so in
other words you have to be a dumbass you
don't enjoy these games unless you're a
dumbass who sees the flashy thing
Jake a blunt man says hey cable man
arrival won the Oscar for sound editing
oh good console if you could remake a
best of the worst movie since remakes
should be of bad movies that had
interesting ideas which would it be and
why he'll die of my cock love you that
is actually a very good question and
unfortunately the hard one for me to
answer just because we've done so many
episodes right does anything jump out
just top of your head I'd love to see
I'd love to see extra you know I think
we talked about this actually works well
extra words but I could see it with a
flashy with a flashy new remake and a
new coat of creepy paint okay I'd like
to see actual remade but like as far as
like a bad bad was there anything we
watch though that had that potential one
it just didn't deliver I mean I know I
could probably go through the episodes
and remind myself with each movie and I
would I know I would be able to pick out
one or two I know it off the top of my
head what about space Raiders oh sure
sure we did that one recently so space
Raiders sticks out in my head I know
I've probably even said that during the
episode but you could do this good
goodness yeah I know I've even said that
during episodes
white fire but it be banned outside of
Europe a white fire no to true there's
no saving white fire I'm sorry there's
no saving there's no saving Sister
Sister incest simulator
what is a
let's think of some of our some of our
more some of our more famous best of the
worst like you obviously like you can't
do anything like Deadly Prey because
that's literally just you know a rainbow
or table that's a ripping off something
already so anything that's a ripoff you
have to immediately discount there
already ripping off something so what
was an original idea an original idea
and I just I'm just drawing blanks
because we've done too many episodes
we've done so many episodes right robot
jacks dancing robot jacks totally
totally robot Jack's really robot jacks
then because then you can give up that
extra fight seen it needed needed at
that middle movie fights saying yep
robot jocks who was that means that you
were at the Chat Chat Chat Chat you got
a chat
you got it you nailed it that was it
that was the one that was exactly the
right choice oh you know what else could
probably work aftermath yeah remember
how silly that was Fred you know first
thing you got to do is choose a tone
uh-huh
are you going for slow post-apocalypse
scientists come back are you going
through goofy action movie that's not
the worst suggestion but I think there
was some so that was hard mode uh you
gotta go berserk victorious battle you
have to go up to berserk
apparently so so much I rewatched best
the worst pocket ninjas no throw that in
the trash you can't do Pocket ninjas cuz
that's just ripping off a different
movie that's just three ninjas we have
to take something that has good ideas
and make it better
yeah there are no good ideas to be had
in pocket ninjas chopping walls but
having wall is just fine is it other say
I don't want to touch shopping malls
shopping mall is perfect yeah it is
right okay how about that perfect as it
is I notice I've never seen that it's
bad sure crazy yeah
Double Down no that's perfect as it is
gymkata I do not see gymkata future war
then I don't even remember what one that
was Oh
trick-or-treat wasn't that one where are
we
that's it that's the one we talked about
specifically like wit with a rewrites
with a slight re-edit yeah the basic
same premise trick-or-treat would be
classic yes it's already so close to
classic that's it rich you did it
Trick or Treat trick or treat yeah you
know you need to do it in the style of
Evil Dead but with with records and you
got it scarier dying the clown bit
specifically could be supposedly that's
what the movie clown is though right
alright guys I just went up to bezerk
difficulty berserk difficulty game
settings if you see here we are on
berserk difficulty I think you need to
close your eyes and feel the force if if
I get through berserk difficulty again
without getting hit at all
yeah then we will try just closing our
eyes and you'll have to guide me from
your if you're nowhere near enemies I'll
say something yeah sure well you have to
guide me to my next objective okay you
know we'll even try a new character
we'll try we'll try testing
order of the Black Eagle really lean
into the monkey partner I didn't see
that one some of the monkey driving the
tank yeah I'm just sure you've seen the
episode just money which one that was oh
sure okay yeah I think it's the episode
I've actually never used any of these
items I just keep them with me I don't
know if they're any good
sure luminescence 9 says guys today is
my 29th birthday thank you for all the
last over the years any advice for the
last year of my 20s and how to handle
entering my 30s also Jack please try
duck game duck game yeah
something they want you to try okay any
any any going on 30 advice you know what
I did for my 30th birthday look I took
the entire year off drinking when I
turned 30 from my thirtieth birthday to
my 31st birthday I did not have it
dropped in i died already
it was berserk actually a challenge that
that's quite a steep difficulty jump
try again use the one guy again what
about you having two guys you won with
easily oh hold on maybe she just sucks
she could just say she could just suck
oh my god yeah look at look at they're
really killing me
Oh God look at that my health is almost
done well how about that that's crazy
there might be a game in here that's by
the way though that's crazy
yeah that the difficulty curve is that
much of a jump different character
different character let's see what
happens yeah the Jackson yes so here's
my advice to you turning 30 is do
something that you wouldn't expect
yourself to do challenge yourself in a
new and interesting way or don't buy
into the hype I mean really the
difference between 29 and 30 it's
nothing well it's a psychological
difference because although it's a three
no which it's an excuse to do something
different
so you know I did what I was 31 same
thing I did when I was 29 nothing's
nothing magical happened that's fine
that's fine learn how to knit right do
do something all I'm saying is like I I
really like that my 30th year I took the
entire year off of drinking just to see
if I could and and it challenged me it's
very important to find sanctuary before
you turn thirty sanctuary it's very
important to find sanctuary you got to
find a way out of the city yeah and get
to sanctuary
preferably befriend a sexy young girl on
wear wear a glove yeah
Oh wear glove that's after you've turned
30 make sure don't forget to never take
that glove off I don't have I don't have
to they can just be confused some people
get it okay some people get it that's
enough for me we're gonna try guts we
know how to be guts we're still on
berserk difficulty
but why would I want to give up the
drink because I've been drinking listen
I come from an early drinking family and
so like just drinking has been a part of
my life for a lot you know I started
drinking like drinking drinking like
when I was like 14 15 and like I never
had gone a significantly long amount of
time without drinking it was like how
about as a lark I'll just take a year
off just see how the normal people live
and what I found is that my life didn't
really change that much cuz the normal
people drink
cuz I don't know I didn't really change
that much but you know what that you
know what that got me started after a
year of not drinking not changing
anything else with my diet I lost ten
pounds okay
and I literally replaced drinking with
eating ice cream at night I'm lost in a
crazy amount of weight and that kicked
me off the next year into losing all
over the lane okay and so just that I
changed that one thing about my life and
that led into basically me becoming a
overall healthy person and and so I
think that's why you know the advice is
just to try something outside of your
comfort zone
and I'm lasting a little bit longer well
it looks like they're not standing
around waiting to be murdered no they're
they're actually hitting me this time
she's crazy
here
oh my god I'm almost dead already though
that that look at that I'm dead all
right that difficulty jump is insane
maybe it's the level let's go back down
to hard sure see what happens alright
that was bezerk so that was beserk with
a character that you know we would use
before I lost right okay so now we're
quit battle quit battle just as a test
just to double-check if it's bad game
we're just a mission we're from no
particularly good reason there's a
difficult to spike here right we'll take
it back down to hard that was bores or
yep sorry Chen says proud of you jack
and also jealous alcohol chub is the
worst chub it stays with you man
it stays with you and its calories it's
it's just total total calories so so
yeah try something new
good take a yoga class do something new
for your 30th year and and it'll set
incomplete so game setting we are in
hard now ok so just back down to hard
what just back down to heart there's
some guy some CrossFit or fitness guy
whatever who's like you drink a beer a
day you gain a single pound in a year
who gives a shit well but most people
drink more than a beer a day most people
drink three or four beers a day and then
you're gaining 3 or 4 pounds a year and
if you keep doing that every year and
include you know all the other shit that
you eat that's how you slowly gain or at
very least maintain your weight so let's
do this let's do this I'm listening to
Jack I briefly forgot that I turned 30
years ago yeah nothing wrong with
getting older nothing wrong with that
not took a long time to load people
drink three four beers a day usually
they get more
usually they drink more I think I was
being one thing I've been generous with
pre-floor bud
Wow what your help
yeah yeah I you know of course I think I
made it this far last time so we're not
gonna we don't want to judge yet it's so
far I think it's just there's just an
insane jump between hard and desert all
right well that's which is weird
we'll see this is where I ate it last
couple times
my horse my horse playing FTL our whole
missiles terrible me personally playing
FTL
I try to avoid missile weapons I don't
like spending money on ammo and worrying
about running out yeah
beam laser I am if you can get the one
system that lets you reuse drone parts
drones are great and I avoid missiles I
don't think you could you get by unjust
missiles I would and will be a constant
problem
Emma would be a constant problem but
they're fine supplement but if you were
getting buying just missiles like that
would be your you would know that ammo
would be a constant problem so you know
instead of instead of getting that they
go buy an extra few yeah reserve
difficulty is balanced for you already
beating the game on hard right and I'm
back down on hard now and I've barely
lost any life berserk difficulty is
fucked is so fucked
I can't I can't believe that it has that
big of a jump
I'm just poorly designed that's really
poorly design this sounds like an
experimental strategy worth attempting
on screen oh now we're talking somebody
wants us to do something other than
berserk oh well you know what now by the
way I'm glad we kept playing because we
just made a wonderful discovery about
about how flawed the game is so we have
like a technical thing that we can say
like this game is flawed and I can prove
it right okay and so after this level
yes we will stop playing desert and
which can pick a game that he wants to
play
no I wanted to hate to grab the pink guy
this time mostly person hey guys the
only reason I sort of want to watch you
guys play this to the end is I want to
see if they go full body horror slash
ridiculous gore at the end or if they
pg-13 it down hello I swing my sword no
you know like and as far as the dynasty
Warriors clone is concerned it's fine
like good I like the blood it's fun to
play but you know it is just a dynasty
Warriors phone
but you know if you're into that which I
am it's fine you might not be the best
extreme with it this would be a great
live J stream because then I could just
do this while you and J jibber on about
nonsense but I'm just so shocked about
that that difficult to jump take out
take out the lieutenant's and guys
stopped pouring take out yeah take out
the faces I want to kill these guys that
stay there little that's a little quick
tip a little quick tip for dynasty
Warriors are there chunks 723 says rich
heavens how do you learn to swim when
you're always drowning in pussy I have
to learn to swim it's sink or swim
nice nice yeah
yes okay we got her shudders army
Dark Souls is strongly influenced by
berserk
right well thank God it wasn't
influenced by Dynasty Warriors the the
anime or the video game was influenced
by the anime is that what they're saying
great
it doesn't matter doesn't matter this
game is a dynasty warriors clone dad
it's just like blood born just like
blood 1 you're right he has a sword and
he fights people with his sword it's
just like blood-borne
yeah
by the manga was a comic first Jess you
people are really fucking really
particular about that are
you know that you know use me
Oh
oh okay hit a rock you really stab that
rock hit a rock god this looks so
fucking dull that's fine I don't know
how our chat is still here that's fine
and oh my god
but everybody go home the Oscars are on
there's something exciting Oh God oh
Jesus Christ rich if you were if you're
here rooting for the Oscars we were
really got a problem that's fine it's
like it's like a hack and slash I was
just about to
I'm covering the screen for the spelunky
window that's fair I want to mute this
if you want Oscar spoilers we're getting
Oscars updates via via tip here oh great
Jacob what Ben says Viola Davis won for
Best Actress who's she I have no idea
great also favorite Saturday morning
cartoons either just intros or shows
themselves rich I love that you can't
fake your laugh
Jack yeah I love that you can't fake
question mark can you fake that laugh
you're allowed your laugh I just laugh a
lot no I guess but can you fake it I
think you know when I might fake my life
Saturday morning cartoons the tick the
tick is pretty ticks was pretty fucking
awesome and fix one of the greatest
Batman the Animated Series 7 wasn't
really a Saturday morning cartoon I was
on weekdays yeah okay no for you know
what for awhile there was the greatest
Saturday morning and like Fox kids had
like eek the cat tick the x-men and
another one I mean you x-men eek the cat
and I want to say maybe Tiny Toons okay
Batman tears ducktales duck tail duck
tails was awesome dude
Scrooge McDuck Scrooge McDuck is the
best fucking character of Disney owns
fuck mickey mickey's a boring idiot
that's fair oh yes and spider-man x-men
spider-man 2 tick and eek the cat and
that was a great Saturday morning eek
the cat was okay
ish the tick is wonderful dick is
wonderful I never got into the 90s
spider-man cartoon that was dumb
spectacular spider-man
I'm you've said that it's very good Jack
you would like it I you would you
wouldn't you would like it legitimately
yes yes you would I would look into I
will I will and would look into it I
wouldn't will hold on we're gonna work
on buying something here for rich what
was it called an Hayes up all right it's
up stuff sure I don't how long we're
gonna play it but do you want to play
something else or do you want to try of
missiles run in FTL are well real quick
look this be easier
let's try missile run I'm gonna have to
yell okay sure then let me make sure
that
