Jul 2, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/163495784
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/163502569
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTl_KN0o1t8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz90b1z2b-8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/881583510204690434

[Part I]
yes let's do that we might be quiet on
London what I'm never flying you might
be quiet I'm never one you know i audio
is always such a tricky thing with this
because you know because we we fluctuate
so much you never want to go too high or
else we blow everything out and
sometimes we are quieter sombre and I
could be in a vacuum and my voice would
pick up it's true it's true hey
everybody welcome welcome welcome
is that a Hawaiian shirt kind of this is
my I've been eating like garbage for the
past week shirt and I'm feeling very fat
so I put this on to hide my fat stomach
okay
shirt we all know and you're hiding
nothing huh you're hiding nothing I'm
just trying to be honest we make that
music stop oh my god
oh my god what is this what are we doing
what are we doing we're playing three
two one grenades profile there we go
you're here you're playing through right
you get thrown you're gonna have me use
the controller to your meeting I think
that's fine it's fine you already got
the here you got the fucking keyboard
mouse on your lap I see what's going on
if you tell me now if you want to change
because you know I'm more control it's
fine rich you tell me now we can switch
if it's absolutely terrible
every player one name's jack what
profile am i selecting you go to create
go to create you can do this we're
playing three two one grenades which I
don't know anything about except for
that it looks kind of cute and I wanted
to play remember you said that Friday
the 13th was boring when not you the
check
oh yeah chat was done with Friday the
13th so you know play one is ready all
right let's do a quest here let's look
at the old quest aroni
see what this is Friday 13th is great
and well not the whole chat no I saw a
few comments I think it's also important
for us guess which of them I know you're
not a high of mine right I think it's
important to switch it up try out some
new games you never know rich you never
know when you're gonna find that game
that you love I'm not saying that this
is definitely gonna be it you know it
could be it could be a fun whoa I'm
clearly on the bottom rich is on the
bottom can we change it can I be in left
and right
whoa would you do three four night at
the pub okay whoa
okay the longer you hold the trigger
button the longer you like the farther
you can throw your grenade I just know
the shot and you ruined it
what are you talking about he's talking
to the guy you stopped to do this I'm so
sorry
the whole thing well because you already
did it and okay sorry you already did it
I'm sorry that's fine okay there's a big
my way let's go over here what what
there was a truck hope you found a
golden grenade security protocol locks
down all doors in case of emergency
you'll need to find more golden grenades
to open the door in the factory the wind
grenades by playing matches against your
friends or against bots after you
collect ten go to the portal room that's
where the monster is I see okay let's
see if we can find any golden grenades
you ever picked up a bomb hey not fair
grenades at me Mike
why not why wouldn't I have bombs
are these infinite bombs are
can't seem to blow up the boxes I
thought there might be both dummies you
should absolutely be able to blow up
boxes what about this alright let's see
what we can let's see we can do this
supposedly has a campaign moment not
it's not just one player versus one
player but apparently we need to oh you
found you found golden grenades yeah I'm
all over this shit did you find Marty
Marty where are you damn near breaking
the map with my lead skills Jack know
how apparently oh oh wait it's like a
shitty mario 64
except for you throw grenades why are
some of these purple there's a reason
for this right some of the boxes are
purple can you blow them up with
Burnett's
no that's all we have is grenades range
riches done already
which it you know it's fair you know I
knew that was a possibility it's a
little pink too
oh look you can punch stuff you know you
can probably stuff yes I did oh it
doesn't seem at all useful no no not at
all not over here I got out everything's
fine everything is fine
hey Chad how's it going sorry we got so
engrossed in the world of three two one
bombs oh wait did you see if their
windows are broken that's good
okay call good good okay have a good
notice can you get in them Oh probably
not three two one refund wait a minute
two of those windows are broken yeah
can like if we land on a bomb can I have
this jump
I will be I'll be honest with you the
only reason that I thought we could play
this today is because it said it had a
single-player mode all right like a
campaign you know I was told I was told
that this had like a I'm not versus each
other campaign mode jumped up some stuff
and so I feel like it's false
advertising that this has a one player
wait let's throw women can you get them
in the holes for the other one dome how
do we extend the range of them for nod I
don't think the gate
apparently we have to go and do this oh
wait is that enough I went in the door
oh yeah see look um we're just dumb rich
the door just opened you didn't have to
blow it up with the golden grenades no
cuz these doors have like this is mario
64 see we have two golden grenades so we
can go into one door
this one over here by me I don't know
the difference okay
so great paintball arena oh did you need
to look okay eat your heart out splatoon
this game beat you to it
I killed myself
come on for you rich I'm gonna paint the
laws you have a grenade eat my grenade
blue yeah so what you're saying is
you're a douchebag yep
well I already killed myself on accident
so I needed to kind of like reset it so
rich I have an important question for
you it sucks it sucks I have an
important question for you yeah what
game do you want to play I was listen
this is a great shirt and I'm glad that
everyone is enjoying my great shirt
wait there's a thing up there no more
get it get that : grave yo I was I was
led to believe by the game's commercial
that this was this was a campaign an
adventure campaign where we could go and
fight monsters and stuff which by
throwing grenades and it looks pretty
fun I feel like this game has absolutely
lied to me I'm sorry I feel like I have
been lied to
yeah what's happening I don't know it
are we captured a pardon three times
let's capture the pod yeah no no
picked up a bomb
Oh neat
dang it rich darn it darn it all the
heck
yeah I killed you with a bomb oh I
captured the park
come on pug round two round two
congratulations right
get out of town boom I got my mad pug
catching strats now rich you can't stop
it you can't stop it
said it
let's pick up the bug
yeah a town with it all
damnit damnit
it's not bad game now that I'm sure the
pug is cute paint the walls was dumb as
fuck
damn damn damn damn it rich
that's right rich is the prom queen
tiny mode okay let's see we got this is
garbage please stop with you know what
what happened to Vulcan Stephen what did
happen to voltage team we played it I
was more bored by Wolfenstein than I was
this well game focuses huh okay Motors
let's just kill each other this is just
deafening but we're tiny
if you know
shit he handled it
um
last kill
last kill
I feel like oh wait what happened to the
last kill okay I feel like I don't I
don't know what happened
okay great best dreams are when no one
looks at chat not even chat yeah yeah
listen we're we're just we're checking
this out oh shit no but that's not what
I wanted to do oh oh look at that
thank you no this is the mark of quality
when in-game graphics obscure in-game
menus I'm sorry I'm sorry
you should be what's gone what Oh
apparently if I quit the overworld that
doesn't mean you quit the overworld
could you quit overwork because this is
just get five kills
you're about to check out yeah you know
check out what they're about to get to
give up and leave that's possible listen
sometimes all right well times you got
to make a call
what's the plan huh what's the plan the
pull of the plan is simple we're gonna
try one more area okay one more map area
see if there's any more game modes yeah
and then we're gonna find something else
to play
all right that's that's a simple plan as
I got and that's all I can do can you do
some kind of single-player I mean yeah
the whole thing is single-player it care
can be single-player how do you do the
deathmatch one single-player get five
kills lets us make any sense of bots
throw a grenade Anna don't look at that
area look on punch it check out this map
see if there's anything Jack made this
game in secret no no I just thought it
looked cute laptop that I don't know
did we not plug it in that's impossible
I can't pick tubes really great they're
the plug goes right over there
yeah that's pretty bad games pretty bad
guys
like I don't feel like I was looking for
too much here he's just like go around
I'm just curious what did you see in
this well you know it looks cute yeah
and you know the idea of like basically
a first-person shooter where you only
have grenades okay person shooter where
you only have grenades and but then I
figured it would be like a normal first
person shooter where like it had levels
and you know bad guys to fight but it's
all just fighting each other so I
thought it I thought it would be a fun
ain't no especially for screaming
where's the gala you know what this
would be a silly mindless thing we'll go
through these levels and we'll throw
grenades at bad guys and that'll be
something easy to stream while we talk
about nonsense you're joking aside if
you're if you're enjoying this you can
keep playing it's not a big deal it's
not a big deal I am NOT enjoying it you
see I am NOT enjoying it at all I think
it's actually kind of dumb Wolfenstein
Friday the 13th was FTL or the the
light-hearted Star Trek Oregon Trail I
never remember the name of that one a
ton of things we could do ton metric ton
next come on it was not in the mood I'm
not in the mood to get my exercise I
don't even want to get in the mood
because I need to start flying
wolfenstein every last thing I needed to
get a huge XCOM sidetrack I you know
what I didn't play the new one yet I
start applying me I actually started
playing some of the older ones start
playing classic Wolfenstein oh yeah yeah
oh cool yeah and you know um the thing
the thing about Wolfenstein is I also
find that to be incredibly boring and I
did not want to play Wolfenstein anymore
oh yeah
no one are they you don't think old or
the new order to order yeah where it's
just it's so standard and it has so many
cutscenes and I don't necessarily the
story is fine and I like the setting and
the world is fun but I just the levels
are too short and it does it's not
holding my attention that's that's my
official review of war Finch shines as a
new order that was a big failure that's
all I had rich it should happen sharing
so you don't so when I don't wanna shine
I mean if you would like to play
Wolfenstein then you play Wolfenstein a
now I wanna I want to I want to get into
that on my own time I don't want I don't
want
oh no I'm serious because it's like it's
got a lot of cutscenes and story so I
just I just don't want to be too
distracted when I'm playing a core of
course alright so but I have to put the
the burden on you right now because I
came with three two one grenades and I
failed fridge I don't give a shit if we
do more Friday than the strength a third
team for all I give a shit okay well
let's do that then just put it on I
would love to play just put it on
that'll be fine or rocket League we
haven't done rocket League in ages you
know what I feel like rocket League
though there's not enough down times
worth yeah what it's not good for
chatting Friday the 13th is pressed for
chance that's what I like about Friday
the 13th though
perfect for chatting hiding in a closet
yep alright
Friday the 13th it is let's uh I'm sorry
everyone
Oh Jack it's fine wanna try some new you
wondered there could've been a hidden
gem Jack
well that's that's all I can say is you
know and that was a bad game we I knew
it as soon as we started playing it I
didn't have the foresight button I will
never stop trying new games never ever I
will never stop trying new games because
I want to find those hidden gems but hey
buzz it has been a while since we played
rock idli gravity so out of practice at
this point oh right also yeah we we
start playing rocket League and you just
can't pay attention to chat you can't
pay attention anything so nothing wrong
with a little rocket League all right
summer camp boom the laptop is updating
Windows is updating of course of course
it is get your update on bitch
and then for this one we have to turn
the brightness up a little bit don't you
do that in-game huh would you do that in
game I don't rather than focus for
future streams and I'm not gonna
remember where to go to do this maybe
I'll come in yeah you know I'll be
honest with you I don't know if you can
do it in game 3 can do things that or
you can do that every semi-competent PC
game you can know you cannot bind keys
in Friday the 13th but I'm curious to
see now aren't you yes I am give me one
moment to change our text here and we
will find out if you can
that game have you been recognized
playing it no no I have not have you yes
a number of times I have a fairly
distinctive voice though well that's
true that is very true
no I have not I've been recognized
playing overwatch by people you know how
this game likes to crash frequently yeah
there's people out there who probably
think I'm a douche bag yeah there's a
group of people who recognized me as
rich Evans uh-huh oh yeah yeah yeah and
then like right then game she was to
chose to boot me Oh news fans yeah I
look like a huge fucking dick sorry rich
this other time people got the car fixed
yeah I didn't know they had the car
fixed I just I looked at the the
objectives and I was kind of close the
car pop oh they had the gas and the
battery in the car I had the keys and I
started running towards them hey guys
I've got the key and then I got
disconnected so to them some jackass was
running towards them sick and they
screamed about keys things collapsed
followed it down
um no rate o gamma o gamma there it is
yep I was about to say no but we got a
game of setting
there we go okay you wanna you wanna
play first I don't give a shit and I'll
be I'll be uh I'll be in charge of
pressing the T button that's the other
person's job of course did we have it
set to press to talk is uh that's that's
up to you got it you gotta check that
that's up to you
okay great oh you don't have who this is
me this is that's right I'm logged into
steam so you might not have your perks
that you used to and what do you even
have four perks I have some good ones
actually I have some decent perks so
it's a bit late now to fuck with that
we're about to start we'll see what I
get
uh hey everybody
lots of talk about I got a lot to talk
about we can we can chat about a lot of
things I was kid free for the majority
of last week yeah and I spent all of
that time catching up on a zillion
movies yeah oh and I feel great about it
and going out to eat like every every
lunch and dinner because there are a lot
of restaurants in our area that are not
necessarily kid-friendly you know we're
like they don't have like kid food yeah
but you know me and Lisa want to go
there we were kid listen now and we're
gonna go to nice restaurants you know
what I had you know I had a bone marrow
butter burger bone marrow butter burger
it would so you know as a burger with
this big hunk of bone marrow butter just
dripping on top what makes bone marrow
butter it is it is butter infused with
cooked bone marrow okay and so it's this
like it's butter that's rich
and needy drizzled on top of a beautiful
hamburger with like fried onions and
spicy aioli and it was gorgeous
we're perfectly average Jack that's
funny I've never started there before
that is so weird
maybe they're mixing up where people
start out in the middle of nowhere where
I'm not near a campsite that's just
fucking peachy no the sandwich you were
supposed to guess on Twitter was a
croque monsieur my joke on Twitter today
was we are that we were going to play
guess the sandwich and so my my hint to
people was Italian meat and press
toasted yeah which is a croque Monsour
all right everybody that's a fucking
huge head start on me why I didn't start
your cab more and go on loopers yeah my
teleport oh yeah he teleported away from
me he's gonna be fine you're fine you're
fine
so a croque monsieur's
which is mostly it's basically a croque
monsieur's is like a ham panini with
cheese on top but it's like pressed
really nice it's it's a really good
sandwich also if you are not into ham
and more into Turkey I believe that's
called a croque madame croque madame
yeah I have it's like a it's like it's
kind of like a Hawaiian shirt but it's
not I don't know
Crocker my dumb you like a croque madame
better I prefer them on sewer I prefer
the ham over the turkey but you know
separate each their own
and so there's a like a lot of times
it's ham but some people were like throw
other like Italian meats in there like
salami and it's it's a delicious cookies
nice get the tea just found keys
okhta is not one of the movies that I
got to see though I am very excited to
see it okay ah the new movie by the
director of snowpiercer damage
what walkie-talkie you let other people
that's my personal walkie-talkie rule is
you let other people know you got a
walkie-talkie so I did not get a chance
to watch oke job but I've a pit Jason
who has gas I did get to see split
finally he that's that's what he
typically does the the M night movie and
I saw the neon demon which was fantastic
I met spring under camp if you got a
bucket knife for backup I got the fuse I
just don't have a good repair huh that's
nice people are talking that's great
that I'm sitting raised is it
okay let's get to some tips here
anonymous says where lies the strangling
fruit that came from the hand of the
sinner I shall bring forth the seeds of
the dead to share with the worms that
gather in the dark the car yeah no he's
smart he's a smart Jason hanging out by
the car
and cephalo pathetic says rich it was an
honor and a privilege to have driven you
to safety the other day here's some
money go buy yourself a pocketknife oh
that's one of the people I was playing
with who probably thought I just ditched
them yep and so they're they're donating
o-ring when I hit the swing button
tranq him stunned oh good we got a tummy
nice alright getting get in get in get
in here
think you have a full car to just run as
soon as you get it I can run for the
biggest is what we are full enough
we have three I'm okay with three okay
all right no that's great I'm good this
is Jason not very very did you that's
some fucking driving you are the world's
best backwards driver that was amazing
thank you
that was amazing rich Evans you won't
see that in a horror movie now you'll
see that in a really bad horror movie
where the killer can't get anyone I'm
good I'm so glad that was on camera
beautiful all right let's see here I am
Chester says I don't care what you guys
play but I may have a compromise between
Final Fantasy Tactics people and Rich's
principals a clone of Final Fantasy
Tactics called dis dis Gia it's on Steam
it could make for an interesting stream
so it's a tactics game that's kind of
like Final Fantasy Tactics but it's
technically not a Final Fantasy game so
you won't have to compromise your
tactics is you just run up to the enemy
and take turns hitting each other until
one of them is dead I'm less interested
like I don't know no Final Fantasy
Tactics is like a grid all right all
right is from what I hear but we tried
that with what was the Viking one
oh yeah well and they're just kind of
kind of dull yeah
what was the banner saga banner saga
light tactics and Oregon Trail
good old banner saga I know they made a
sequel to that are you ready to be a
girl no yeah yeah they already barrier
girl like this she kind of she kind of
look like a girl from this okay I mean
like that was his one-liner and he just
don't pick up a mail camper and so to be
fair Jason is a special case he's a
special needs kid thanks Jason let's see
here sigh rust the mild cold says hi
hacks did you ever consider playing a
bonafide
roguelike the emergent storytelling
could work well in a stream I'm playing
a rogue would like called cave of wood
right now it's a lot of fun you know the
bonafide it roguelikes I wait a full car
yes I don't even know I think so yeah I
think you had a full car well somebody
got out with a boat maybe maybe
now like I said I really think three
people got in besides you but I could be
wrong nothing against the bona fide
roguelikes
just you know visual presentation can
sometimes be a problem so III think I
have cave of quad on my steam wish list
as a bonafide roguelike yep that's all I
got I'm sorry oh you know what other
movie I watched this week this week with
with my kid free time yeah just because
I could is Irie watched Star Trek beyond
yep
what a fun fuck what a fun movie I
noticed that it was a it was it's free
on Amazon Prime yeah because it's such a
great fucking movie so the best thing
ever but no it's damn fun then fun start
right cute cute adventure you know what
it is is an incredibly competent space
adventure it's yeah it's um yeah I guess
this is slightly more incompetent Star
Trek 2009 slightly more confident yep
you said more incompetent oh did I say
yeah you sure I said I'm pretty sure you
said in I thought is it just slightly
more yeah well you said it's slightly
more if I did that was an accident right
that's why I just wanted something more
competent at a slightly oh you know what
I might have also gonna say it probably
started say in character in a more yeah
sure slightly more in character Kirk yes
yeah thousand nine thought Kirk was just
like a nothing but a horndog right
that's it an asshole horndog Action Man
yeah yeah up here here like every you
know they spend time figuring stuff out
how are we gonna do this let's use our
minds but they still you know punch
people it didn't end with Spock beating
Khan to death while screaming well
screaming in an emotional rage rage yes
yeah I remember
Oh into darkness so bad so bad but
beyond was it was really good I I know
you know we were looking up the box
office afterwards cuz you know Lisa was
like are they making another one of
these this is really good yeah they are
not because it did not do well at the
box office it was something like it was
it made a hundred and one hundred and
eighty million or no it cost a hundred
and eighty million and it made over four
hundred and so like if you if you do the
thing where you double it to get its
advertising budget it did not make back
its money according to Box Office Mojo
unfortunately so instead we get
discovering well doesn't matter what
they're gonna do about check off they're
not making another movie and if they did
make another movie he would die and
they'd have a little in a movie funeral
scene yeah check often that would be
fine if they were going to make another
one is that how you think they'd handle
it now he's not a different ship they
got transferred to the SS something he's
on the Excelsior that'll be that'll
that'll don't build that one thirty
years earlier because they want to use
it in the movie yeah they would probably
want to pay some sort of respect it's
like especially if Simon Pegg writes it
again yeah he got he had promoted
first office around the Excelsior oh no
I would assume that they would kill him
off just so they could have its check
off I know it's sad that the actors dead
here but you know that's invaluable
intellectual property let me revise my
statement if they were already working
on another sequel like if another sequel
was going to come out like immediately
after beyond it would be a funeral I
think it's slightly more tasteful just
say he got promoted and that don't dwell
on it don't don't milk it well that's
why I'm saying that's my revised
statement is if it was a soon sequel oh
sure
offers for like just for the tribute
right alright then we would get an in
right movie funeral but now it it has
been enough time where they can either
do something like that or recast and and
be fine with it
little house here recast Tom Holland is
check off right they look incredibly
alike they do
really think about that right yeah you
could cast Tom Holland this year as the
new check off and no one would blink an
eye
wait did that guy damn yeah Tom Holland
will be or Tom Holland will be his
brother something else check off and
they just keep calling him check off
yeah terrible it's terrible let's see
here
did you just call me blob said hey from
Britain massive fan of you guys and rlm
do you ever play realtime strategy games
like total war Age of Empires company of
heroes or even Star Trek Armada I can't
handle real-time strategy games I I just
I can't I can't handle what they throw
at me I don't I don't like multitasking
way they frazil me and I don't enjoy the
experience rich it is not an
overstatement to say you love strategy
I like turn base well that's what I was
getting I was taking a long way around
which is I think you love nothing more
in a game than pausing and figuring it
out in a strategy game fuck yes if I can
do this and then this and then this and
then and then you watch it all happen
and see if it works
and I can't do that in real time I got a
good trick go check on the fields maybe
they're invading the field that's okay I
didn't cook all the guys I forgot to
click all the guys are shit I'm gonna I
got
back betrayed basic invaded this guy's
gonna shoot me in the face
this guy's absolutely absolutely going
to shoot me in the face yeah
oh no or Jason's going to be in there he
didn't shoot Wow interesting four
shooters hit see I'm bring it at the
boat four seater already has gas looks
like they started it you told him he
told me go to the boat we're going to
the boat
oh he's just doing Chad boys well chad
is a dick though so there was a high
chance I would get shot in the face and
I just thought he was doing the voice I
thought he was doing the voice me dick I
didn't necessarily think it was a Chad
voice you know what's your repair stat
like first gun okay but I hate doing
this with the controller does the ARB
RBOB is not instinctive to me yeah some
still might fun your eyes nice rich
alright now I just got to find that
propeller it's not there it's probably
those cabins in North right
I have to take another look around here
though I wasn't really keeping my outfit
yeah and he brought you in the middle of
it yeah let's see here yonder yonder
says something else to play how about
Duke motherfucking Grabowski or poop in
my soup as always I don't know a Duke
Grabowski is that way we won just need
to quit glitched or got disconnected
most likely disconnected I've been
disconnected from a lot of game good I'm
gonna rage quit if they got out in that
car oh hey thanks for leveling me up no
problem everyone's gonna think you are
an amazing driver there's gonna be
YouTube videos like people in that car
goes look at what a hard whack did look
at har lacks a great player I'm just
gonna go eat but you know oh you didn't
hear me I'm sorry I'm on set it runs
will keep the Sun random okay this is
interesting I don't know what you watch
a person like her
oh god nothing nothing wait oh it's like
a tower on the stage because it's on
Steam yeah but I got some nice perks
well when you get brave but when you
break free you get a huge stamina boost
hmm I'm so fucking jealous that's the
one look at that 25 cents so fucking
jealous so what that perk is to
understand why Richard so jealous
anytime you are crouched and Jason uses
his sense that thing that makes you glow
bright red there is a 24 percent chance
that he won't see you and that is an
amazing perk especially when you are
trying to sneak away from him nice perks
yeah yeah I have some good perks that
that big that big CP weekend helped
where he got the big one reroll reroll
that was the one I that was the only one
I wanted though I have a lot of other
decent perks that's the only one I
really wanted and I couldn't get it it's
really a nice one and a 24 percent
chance yeah yeah that was a nice one
I think I think I've got it for like 11
ok well still something
it's a change wait no it's not even a
ladder I got version I got a bed is
really shitty yeah that's like common or
uncommon or gotcha
trash version of that I got you
hey did you under you under ever tell us
what only 24 24 percent is a high
percentage as far as yes usually like
you put that on the right character
someone would get composure you're never
gonna be seen like there are some perks
that only give you like three or eight
percent so 24 percent is pretty high
relatively that's what a four times a
uses sense he doesn't see you this is
the thing that's huge I have another
perk I don't you probably didn't see
where it's a chance of him not seeing it
glow if you're in a house which is yeah
yeah like you pair those together and
yeah you can be invisible to Jason
is there a perk that stops Jay from
posting rlm videos during your stream oh
no look I posted did he post something
damn it Jay where'd he posts I don't
know I don't think so I think maybe that
was just a reference to when they posted
the we just filmed a ton of crap oh I
can't do anything quick I'm unbelievably
quick edit oh yeah I can't imagine
anything's done yet
but if you had like nothing better do
for the last few days hey damn it he did
what he post it looks like Jake two
nights a week
it looks like the Bladerunner review is
done the blade run all goodbye sorry
everybody
goodbye the Blade Runner review just
came out and go watch it
Jay jaebum and Blade Runner review just
5 minutes ago yeah you know and again
they don't do it on purpose they just
don't think about us so next time we see
them we should make sure we both have a
little talk with them good Jack do you
think it's gonna do any good it has 24
percent chance of just like hey he's
already hit that house got 24 percent
chance yeah I got nothing you have two
monitors you can watch both uh you know
watch it later or watch the stream later
it's fine
everything's fine I don't where to check
their work though maybe they missed a
battery that spawned in here or
something
dare to call Tommy yeah yeah they ever
go into a house just check somebody's
work oh well it especially like a house
like this cuz that radio is really
distracting and then you go oh this is
the radio house it definitely doesn't
have anything else right and you might
find a good weapon or something
flare gun or something now yeah so you
didn't check that room yeah yeah
now the bathroom maybe it is their boat
no sometimes the propeller a propeller
will spawn in a bathroom oh yeah yeah
interesting let's get in on this car
action oh yeah hey everybody I'm here
too I say there's only three of you who
it's actually a good idea
what leave the weapons here by the car
sure so if you find the part bring it
back well except for now he's their dad
boys that's nice
alright let's see I also saw in chat
someone was explaining Duke Duke
Grabowski is a adventure game in the
style of Monkey Island okay I don't know
I don't know is it supposed to be a
satire of that like maybe an adventure
game starring Duke Nukem that'd be silly
I need a weapon to help these guys but
it's not crap alright they took them to
Africa we're talking the first my a
check drawers yeah nice keys I don't
know if they have keys right they have
gas they probably have oh hello
that's a nice backup right there
Jason's in the area if you don't want
him to over here oh there's a pipe over
there oh there's the gas
right there Jason is wrong right there
or better for stunning
ah shit it's your boy tttt batteries and
batteries in
oh rich got miss Robertson yeah he
driving on this fucking map though
somebody was getting the car couldn't I
know I know that's alright Oh nope
somebody got fucking stone come on Tommy
Jarvis drop the trap got a crash if you
want to use your pocketbook oh yeah this
this is ever since they did that update
that supposedly fixed a bunch of map
glitches I have been kicked off of more
matches than I would care to is that
more or less or more or less aggravating
the some jackass who glitches his way up
on top of a roof where nobody could
reach him more because at least then I
know who to blame if I see someone
glitching you know one keeps you waiting
there for 20 minutes yeah I guess that's
true
oh I tried to I tried to back up a
little so he couldn't stop the car I was
gonna pick up people but somebody's get
in I couldn't move of course that's
alright that's okay let's see here some
blue guy in chat says after seeing that
flop of a game 3 2 1 grenades not that
great I'd still recommend clone drone in
the danger zone it's not the best game
ever made but I remember you putting it
on the list and think you should try it
next it's good perks for her clone drone
in the danger zone yeah there's a start
with a bat for good stun the house was
just a random
oh I can't sit that too random huh you
should be able to would you rather watch
Jason rage quit disconnect or a review
of Blade Runner oh yeah listen these you
got these are the choices and I'm not
saying that the choice is hard it's and
you can see this from the thumbnail it's
it's Jay and Colin yeah talking about
Blade Runner Colin from Canada and
today's Canada date
maybe that's why Jay rush to get it out
because today is Canada Day today's the
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of
Canada becoming a nation Oh God happy
Canada Day to all you crazy Canucks it
looks like you were set to random okay
gobbledygook says hey guys I went to my
local target and found a new thing blind
bag rocket league toy cars they come in
a fun plastic ball and have a code that
unlocks skin for the same car in game
that's neat good for rocket League
cleaning up make a fun game fun things
happen good for rocket League one guru
says hello from Germany you hack frauds
I like Jack's Tommy Bahama shirt yeah my
wife hated Wonder Woman and wants to
know if there are any good female comic
characters that don't exist to hang off
of a man's arm
well Wonder Woman
who did not exist a hanging off man Jon
there was a whole point of the movie
depending on what she likes I still read
it to this day miss Marvel the the new
Miss Marvel Kamala Khan Miss Marvel I
think she she had some really fun
stories and neat powers and an
interesting book so look into Miss
Marvel any female comic characters that
that don't have a boob window windows
okay that's what they're there they're
looking for female comic book heroes for
the wife and the wife doesn't like it
when they're just arm candy when they're
just something pretty to look at uh
Captain Marvel you're thinking of Kamala
Khan I'm thinking of uh what's her face
Carol Danvers Carol Danvers right right
under her new book Supergirl
I don't know book starring so fucking
long
oh also by the way you know it's a great
read Squirrel Girl
I love squirrels Karen love Squirrel
Girl it's adorable all the time it's
it's not exactly a current ongoing book
but ileus Oh Jessica Jones
from the Netflix show that was where she
came from
yeah yeah yeah all right I'm gonna take
the car that's not trapped they're
saying the new 52 run of Catwoman was
pretty good
Oh also you know what the story got a
well and Chad's gonna alert Jason
because Chad's putting that in I'm out
of here Chad
Batgirl had a really good run I've
stopped reading her because her book got
a little bogged down with other bullshit
but the Batgirl of Bathurst is where I
want to say it started yeah it's where
she decided to ditch Bruce Wayne and all
of his money and gadget tree and just go
out on her own in her own part of town
yeah and so she gets a new cool costume
and she loses all of her gadgets and so
it's very like it was basically a way to
reset Batgirl and so like it's low tech
and and starting from scratch so the
Batgirl of Belle Hearst is what I want
to say it was called
I never usually used this guy a stem is
a crap right
yeah stamens crap but he has a super
repair standard there's gas in the barn
that's a horror movie and nerd go get
the gas which I mean right
he knows you got a good repair set Jay's
dead yep you sure are sure
a nerd who is Batgirl now I last read
her when she was Cassandra Cain isn't
that bat woman you don't know that
girl's Barbara Gordon and in the new
book she's Barbara Gordon she she got
her bet her back all fixed and that
woman who's a red-haired lesbian yeah I
thought that was Cassandra Cain No Oh
Sandra Kane is the one that couldn't
talk there's some kind of weird
experiment they turned what would have
been the speech center of her in her
brain and they dedicated that to combat
so she was like a super badass but she
couldn't verbally communicate because
the speech center of her brain was
dedicated to kicking ass we can up your
ass kicking like 25% I don't think they
asked of course not
and Supergirl has the boob window
because it lets in more sunlight and
gives her more power all right
Power Girl Power Girl cheese oh it's
it's cheesy over-the-top
I love the look but I think like people
have actually argued like no no you need
that too she uses it strategically you
see to distract the men she's fighting I
like I like strategically to absorb
sunlight yeah what area of her body
imagine the most surface volume if you
think about it if you think about it
it's just like extra energy coming in I
mean that's right leftover beefcake I
mean if you think about it she breathes
it through her skin and so she needs to
wear almost no clothing and we thinking
about female characters specifically
that have their own book sort of like
you got like storm Phoenix sure you know
what I was I was thinking of female
characters that have their own book just
to meet you know to give the is this
person's wife someone to read yeah I
like all these ideas alias I think is a
good book this bad girl miss marvel
I I didn't actually care for Captain
Marvel her new stuff when she went into
space I got I didn't care for that but a
lot of people do yeah yeah a lot of
people like it
alias is a good dream but yeah there's
and you know I haven't picked up an
x-men book in ages
so I cannot I like that the book comic
books for alias they don't introduce
purple man till like near the end of the
run any like oh that's why she's so
fucked up it's a neat little reveal just
know something horrible happen you know
you don't know what hmm
well you know they did I think they do
similar things in the show it's it's you
know a little I know it's the the show
in the book are a little bit different
but but yeah you don't know the full
extent of how awful she is or was or
right he forced her to be into the app
yeah good stuff but
kitty pryde was dar Lord and guardians
of the galaxy for a while
great female for lady Thor sure yeah you
know there's lots of books out there did
you want to go for from it huh do you
want take over yeah next hand I'll take
over there's there's a lot of good books
out there like if you just want to have
a fun read though you find that Squirrel
Girl it's just adorable it's too cute
for words let's see here where were we
just in Voorhees says after Watteau was
one of the worst weeks I've had in a
long time you guys stream Friday the
13th and help me forget for a few hours
thanks guys for all the free funny
we tried justin Voorhees you're welcome
Moki b85 says hey records I randomly
watched Jason X for the first time last
week and oh my god it was great isn't it
it's a legit fun movie has more in
common with alien than alien covenant
stick burn on Ridley Scott I mean you
have to be okay with a certain level of
schlock but Jason acts you have to be
okay with a high level of schlock well
that's the certain puzzle but no decent
X is a lot of fun but it's like a wink
and a nod not incompetent right so funny
they didn't know what they were doing
yeah exactly what they were doing I'm
what I'm gonna guess is as soon as if
the developers ever finish the
single-player campaigns yeah the Jason X
skin will be like the thing that gets
people back into playing it yeah
get ready for the single-player campaign
and with this dlc it's including the
Jason X everyone's playing it again
summer games quick yes going on right
now games done quick absolutely I kind
of forgot about it-- every dollar deal
for something to do tonight yeah that we
would whatever games they were playing
we would put it on and race them I've
done this before where I knew I was no
this is just like you square off and
just fight him she's so dead girlfriend
thought I'd try Luke Cage but I'm fine
with episodes and I'm finding it really
dull our iron fist or Jessica Jones as
good iron fist is dull like Luke Cage
it's not I think Luke Cage is the worst
Jessica Jones is legit really good I
thoroughly thoroughly enjoyed Jessica
Jones it might take you I want to say
like it starts getting good at the end
of episode 2 or maybe 3 you find that
you find its groove with Jessica Jones
but I can't recommend Jessica Jones
enough actually I rewatched it I liked
it so much and it is it is a really good
use of the medium trying to you know
deliver a message with this one doesn't
actually work right for some reason is
that true I don't know I'm gonna try it
again I haven't had luck getting it to
work I've heard sometimes stats that
don't normally work work if you put them
in the first slot somebody give that a
shot sure I know for a while my bat my
basement my start with a baseball bat
perk
was not working you have the melee stun
in why are you even holding on to that
one oh I just died yeah yeah I didn't
have anything to grind it I hate that
one I keep getting it and Oh climb
through windows
oh yeah it's useless there's a call the
cops faster if you're the one done if
you're the ones who call the cops they
come faster you know that's not bad
I'll try Jessica Jones Emma I normally
give a series about three episodes okay
great
you know like an Luke Cage is like it's
fine you didn't see it or no not located
I'm sorry Iron Fist yeah you didn't see
Luke Cage or iron fist
iron fist is is really dull and I'm
trying to think of any reason why like
I'm defending it it's dull it's just
dull it's just it just wasn't as bad as
Luke Cage in my mind so I hate this man
everyone seems to set the game to this
map yeah when they can pick I don't know
why people like this map it's a
clusterfuck though you phoned the carb
of the house then Jason would just hang
around there and kill everyone the phone
often spawn yeah they got they got to
fix that shit yeah agreed
plus the way the roads are designed it
makes getting out with a car insanely
difficult okay yeah defenders next month
I'm looking forward to defenders there's
not a lot of good off-roading
opportunities here you know what I'll be
honest I don't think they're supposed to
be that I don't think the game
developers you don't get fun car escapes
right I don't like this map yeah no
that's fair that's fair
firecrackers happy fourth everyone happy
fourth you don't know why people like
this game the the mister for this game
sets up situations in which you are
afraid you are excited it sets up
situations that involve
an incredible amount of tension and
skill there there's not enough there
there's so many bad things about this
game the big hero moments big hero
moments but it's not on in a tube it's
not in a line that the game doesn't tell
you you're the hero now you actually
have to do things to be the hero and it
does an incredible job of theming
gameplay mechanics towards situations
that would happen in a movie and because
everyone is a real person there is this
human element dice roll that means
you're going to get a situation in which
a dickhead totally has time to stop and
pick you up in the car but doesn't to
save his own skin and that's aggravating
and it's frustrating you could have
helped me but you didn't because you're
a dick sometimes they might not be able
to I had somebody just swerve just to
hit me once I wasn't standing in the
middle of the road they swerved
specifically to hit me that that's the
kind of moments that's no selling point
Jack I was just saying you never know
what's gonna happen in the game rich
some asshole might swerve to hit you oh
why are you running
Jason somewhere down the road right I'm
just recovering stamina before I go
around the corner absolutely
Oh battery yam she can't repair work
shit no that's right that's right
okay Shaun underscore says I love that
game series dis gia but they are
grinding turn-based games with deep
strategy it is also very anime Oh Thank
You Shaun underscore for the heads up
like I can get around that to some
degree if it's a good game I mustn't
wait oh it might be next door
plenty of anime nonsense yeah you know
my career said if it's a good enough
game maybe but yeah generally speaking
bought in a trap and you didn't rent you
helped yeah it's gonna cost you your
life but you helped they don't know the
batteries out yeah now batteries bud
four-seater battery is by the forest
cedar good great great let's see here
chip Oh lore says I started watching
Star Trek Enterprise to make fun of it
but sadly I'm actually enjoying it I'm
really enjoying the characters
especially phlox I can't tell if it's
objectively good but I like it
well chip alors isn't that all that
matters you found something
I don't know
somebody probably it in the car ready oh
yeah yeah let's have some fun with this
program there's also many people down
there
I dropped off the fucking battery no no
that's fine that's fine that's fine I'm
not saying you don't deserve to be there
I'm not saying that rich you dropped off
that you brought the battery to the car
what's going on they can see ya we're
full we are full
both of us is trying to bait him away
this backing up that gun pissed off
there's a look thank you let's see here
kiss Sperling says you should check out
the Total War series you can pause and
issue orders in on town battles are
about formations flanks morale not usual
RTS chaos rather a deliberate measured
Total War series have you ever played
any of the time oh my god he's gonna
ruin the car you ever see a car that's
like upside down yeah he's fine
right right no yes
right Lin left yeah
go right around that house right do that
don't don't
it's just gonna oh I know exactly what
to do know exactly what to do
you're being too timid you're being too
timid go next to that don't just don't
his enormous enough as it is my shouting
and I'm just gonna make it worse
there goes he made it I did it he did it
go driver man go even close to out of
the woods
this map sucks so much for getting out
with the car all right let's see here
candy for Crow says hey guys I know it's
early but for Halloween I think Jack
should dress as her star rich as Custer
Karen as tulip and J is Cassidy and if
there's enough room Mike could be our
space Cheers all right oh he's got some
work to do
they're fine
you might beat with a five and water
Becker actually traps rats Matt traps
traps which can cost your place in the
car though
nice rich that was that was and like you
Eve the car just started moving if he
had that start the car Pat pastor Park
you might have you might have gotten out
of there let's see here i sam says spam
recommendation one punch man it's a show
about a superhero that trained so hard
that he's become basically a demigod but
became bald in the process the show is
about boredom of being unbeatable yes i
actually saw the first season of one
punch man and thought it was pretty
alright I'm okay with I'm okay with some
anime and I liked it I thought oh he
picked up a knife
I thought it was alright that's alright
that's right
does anyone to pick up you can't see
your map so functional mini-map right
now right
oh then that be something back that is a
person back there oh it's time Jarvis
nice get in Tommy
oh and Oh out of room oh the fence so
live that's fine I could deal with that
shit rich sorry Wendy
watch
this is impossible your mayor banned
rich what what minimap I don't know
which way is north which cabin is this
that's the this I have no idea you have
no map stuck on a table
oh no you killed someone
you killed someone by accident right a
blunt object I kind of doubt it yeah you
you got the traitor negative 1000 that
ow
shit happens oh you knocked the bag off
his head I hate getting up with a car in
this fucking map oh you know what a for
effort oh man a for effort
I had the fucking mini map that would
have been something else right by the
main road yep yep a forever absolute a
for effort yeah so one punch man yeah
I've seen it I think it's fine
overall it's fine
that's that's the tip I left off yeah
maybe maybe this lady can get out
hopefully she's the only one left
all right
put Settings invert I'm not sure
anonymous since you guys says hey guys
no RM uploaded there
wait you know rlm uploaded their best of
the worst of Hollywood comp well you
guys were streaming yep well I got some
bad news
just again with their review of Blade
Runner I'm so sorry
happens yeah shit happens this alright
we're still gonna be here I'm sure it's
a fine review if you'd like to take a
break from the stream and watch it
that's fine you do you good people you
do you know I'm saying franzese's rich
how smug were you from that best of the
worst episode before you were right
about the actor that voice Adam Jensen
from Deus Ex because Mike was tad
cynical there I'm gonna bring up the
voice actor from Deus Ex are they
thinking of Frank West you brought him
Dead Rising you brought the voice actor
from Dead Rising probably what they're
thinking about I'm that's bug no I know
you you were actually like more you were
more curious than it yeah this sounds
like a first curious for a second and
then I was dead sure oh yeah
like right after the movie we looked it
up or maybe even during the movie
because you know there wasn't that much
going on in DB Cooper versus Bigfoot
during the movie we looked it up on IMDB
I know shed it's him
I am Chester says there is a fan theory
that Jason is a spawn of the Lovecraft
outer God shub-niggurath who was
worshipped as a goddess of fertility and
would
it's follows that could not have
children
something followers sure okay thanks for
letting us know possibly but no they
then one of the movies they they
flat-out have a cameo from the
Necronomicon from Evil Dead and Jason
goes to hell well it's been a while
since I've seen all the movies what
here's here's my little my little fan
theorem yeah
Friday the 13th one the killer is Pamela
the killer is his mother right of course
what if that wasn't just revenge what if
what if those were sacrifices for some
sort of ceremony to bring her child back
to life if you if you ever wanted to
explain zombie Jason yeah that's the
route you go alright I like it I like it
alright this is my bat lady requires so
many sacrifices before it works and you
know the last one she intended it for to
be the a the other counsel but it was
herself when she got beheaded sure and
then by the way by the way that's how
you do a remake of Friday the 13th yeah
or another sequel is you you play it
from a different perspective and she
keeps going to make sacrifices oh I like
it rich I like it
you're gonna be my fighter you're gonna
be my fighter lady
all right
else we got got monkey got that one then
you get rid of the awkward when I was
Jason just hanging out in the woods for
20 years or 50 years or the fucking long
oh yeah you get rid of that yeah yeah I
like it
I've rich this all makes perfect sense
to me
I hate that's that's the worst is when
your character goes up when they see a
dead body what just lowers the fury
again I don't think it stops them from
doing that does it yeah yeah I can it
stops them from doing we can just I
think our Miller says Jack I'm Jack I'm
interested in doing a mini PC build like
you did Hey yeah those are great I even
like your case choice any things you
regret about that small build or would
do differently now that you've had it
for almost a year it has it been oh no
it hasn't been a year I don't like has
it been I'm shocked if it hasn't been
longer it runs like fucking butter to
this day there has never been a time
that I have ever worried about like
about my my PC running smoothly it runs
great you know obviously we had a little
difficulties with the the case fan where
I had to move the case frame from the
inside to the outside probably my only
regret is not thinking out cable
management more a lot of those you know
because it's such a small case probably
if I would have gotten some custom short
cables it could have looked a lot nicer
oh just looking in the hollow then yeah
because that's it and like the way I
haven't set up in my office the hollow
the hollow side is facing out you can do
a lot to make that look nice or just by
bundling them up and tie them off right
yeah so if I weren't building it live on
stream I probably would have taken a
little more time getting my cables just
right
headphones we need a head punch like I
don't have any of my kills set up okay
that Lego is the key to the build I kind
of love the Lego oh yeah just body slam
um the big dumb body slam oh none of the
kills are set up on this the kills are
Wow
even I've been buying any either you
know I don't care about any of these
kills yeah I would much rather spend
that on councilor perks I I bought them
all just give each Jason and you know
she said senator from stuff sure you
know I bought the only important one
which is punch someone's head off that's
all you need and I do also like just
pick them up and throw them on the
ground you could punch through the chips
yeah you know what I don't care about
that one really that one's amazing I
don't care about that one as much okay
and plate I just don't care about that
one that much I'm very sorry yeah no my
Lego my Lego is working great still what
is the Lego the the Lego is holding up
my my GPU my graphics card which is a
one of those heavy fat it's a giant
graphics card I mean the graphics card
is as long as the case itself and so I
have a layout like a ramp Lego propping
that up but no I've never I've never
once had any heat issues I've never had
any framerate drop issues it's a
glorious PC so I would just spend a
little more time really thinking out my
cable management and you know oh maybe I
could do this a little bit better you
know like if I got it like a slightly
smaller power source maybe or you know
little stuff but no I think it's a it's
a great PC
great little PC build there Jack yep I
am so upset that my little trap in front
of the car strap did not work it worked
a little bit right it worked a little
bit is that why you're more upset is
because like he fell for the trap and
then he still smash the car yeah I
shouldn't oh well you know what I
probably should have done
move the trap a little bit further back
sure and that probably would have done
it as long as you but like thank you are
needed a room to get you have a bigger
dice roll that way though because then
like he needs to walk in the path of the
trap and not see it yeah next time I get
out with a car I'm bringing a trap
I like it the mad trap strats what would
have been even funnier if a counselor
would have fallen in and unfortunate you
can't warn the counselors or elf Jason
will hear so see here what I wish they
streamed at 60 frames a second yeah
listen it it takes a lot to stream and
it takes a lot of internet usage so we
don't do this could be me it could be
beg head I set my preference good nice
two dots two dots two dots two dots two
dots nope look where those two knife
from it's a two knife from show up
before yeah the screen kicks in so what
are they did that deliberately they knew
that was gonna be the case Thanks pocket
knife it doesn't look like I spawned
near the car so that gives me a slight
edge not necessarily Jack no no no oh I
know yeah there's always human error
Jason could just come here because
there's a power generator or some other
bullshit reason if you have a councilor
that's that's good enough at hiding that
I'm not showing up in his vision if you
spawn next to the car maybe you you're
right in a house next to make the gas or
the battery you can shove that in the
car really quick yeah and then once he
comes by just popping a building hide
under a bed don't make any fucking noise
he just shows up he does the trap he
doesn't see anybody around he leaves
well you know it takes a while for his
sense to even even better if it's the
gas that you found I've had this happen
where you find the gas first thing on I
just sprayed into the car put the gas in
the car jump to the building hit he came
by put a trap down by where the gas was
he doesn't know the gas got filled of
course cuz he can't see that the hoods
down yeah yeah so he wasted a trap gas
was in early huge win nice huge victory
shoe huge it's the best the best victory
see people I like people I have that
perk where the more people that are
around me the stronger my melee is what
do you like to see you in your first
drawer Keys fuse gas or pocketknife I
can work with any of those right
you know guess got some gas here is
anyone smart anyone have a good repair
perk turnaround pew a flashing a
flashlight
now you have a shotgun mmm but my bat
has better I have a better I've no all
right I've made a plates by Jason knives
that's not nice dick fucking dick what a
weird angle
it's not even in your back Jason you're
coming in he's got to there's too many
people around did he know walls were no
hey it's not knife it's not knife she
Jason you know I'm just gonna just don't
want to give him the opportunity let him
chase someone else and you know this
this Biddy has really good speed Jack
I'm so upset that my clever trap
strategy did not work out I'm super
upset first of all no you know which you
have you've opened up a new you've
unexplored hold on for a second
walkie talkie I've been wanting to try
that yeah I've been wanting to try that
no you've opened up unexplored
opportunities for other viewers it's not
you know even if even even the best
strats don't work a hundred percent of
the time oh we got a battery bring it to
the car oh you don't
oh yeah I'm just I'm just laying it out
in case no one saw that
I'm stream the battery I have a battery
if someone could bring a melee weapon
for me I'll drop the battery yep you
won't do what otherwise it knows now
he's gonna go right up to you Oh unless
he wanted rob about that fucking car you
get your ass down this and I'm just
making sure I'm going the right way
I know I know this well enough by now
this this area yeah was main drag
disarmed
Crouch like a bat better gonna protect
me be I I was I was deserving that flat
rock
oh okay
cars ready right now I'm gonna be in the
car really enough Tom
time to get out of here here we go hey I
hoped I brought the battery I got a
player gun I'm ready yeah
keep runnin keep runnin Biddy I'm
calling the police
oh you dick kill me like a man
dad you dick oh that dickhead
that dickhead see if you come back as
Tommy its Tommy there hit up on the
d-pad he knows follow this guy what
oh the mask is off yeah but no one has
the sweater the mask is off you have a
Tommy who spawned he knows what's going
on because he grabbed the machete in
exchange for the shotgun and you and we
have two girls two girls so if you can
find some other counselors we might see
a Jason kill
I love the souls Eskew died yeah yeah
that's pretty nice you dad huge asses
hey guys I let my girlfriend down
tonight would you please tell Lydia that
she's the sweetest girl in the world I
just want to make her smile but can't
seem to do it myself at the moment rich
why asking me why did it end with a rich
question mark I don't you know I don't
know what to say I don't know what you
did wrong here's the thing we don't know
what you did wrong we also know nothing
about this little right Lydia could be a
horrible bitch she could be a world with
bitch bitch or she could be dodging the
bullet I don't fucking know I don't
fucking know yeah that's the thing we
don't know anything about this situation
maybe if you can't get Lydia to being a
good mood maybe it's your fault huge ass
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
tell her to get back together for you
and a month finale be hearing in the
news about a but a murder homicide right
right right we don't know we don't know
anything about your situation Lydia
could be great maybe she's not maybe
you're not great we don't know nothing
you're that's you're asking a lot of us
yeah baby breaking up is the best thing
that could happen
to both of you maybe she's holding you
back think about that person mattress
trap
oh he can't pick up no pick up the Oh
sometimes that happens you can't pick up
the health potion even though you can
see it does that ever happen here so he
doesn't actually quite know what he's oh
oh my god maybe he does please did he
grab the back
no no wait wait axe
he's got an axe I know exactly where the
spawn oh my god what's going on oh my
god are we gonna fit and we're in sin if
they're not they don't fuck it up we're
gonna see it if they don't fuck it up
let's taco hut there we go now and now
we get to see it in clear Christmas okay
you guys else I'll see it there's no
doing it we're not playing good jack is
dead yeah unfortunately I've died okay I
didn't know we were going for a Jason
kill that would have changed my strats
yes there chat they were extremely close
to a Jason killed his mask is off
already
don't you swish don't want to see what
that fat guys doing well I was just I
was on the lady Tommy the sweater girl
the sweater girl you dumb ass fucking
double dumbass
Tommy sweater girl sweater girl oh they
don't know what they're doing really
don't know what they're doing it hurts
so if sweater girl says oh if for those
who don't know sweater girl stuns him
with the sweater he if he drops to his
knees then Tommy Jarvis hits him with
the axe weapon yeah today actually noch
amol
look she's just she is just staying
close this is why you need a microphone
guys Jason kill guys Jason kill yeah we
would hear it if they were talking
they're not talking this is all going on
silently where's Ruth tell me tell me
get back in there it's over it's over oh
he had a pipe she had the sweater Tommy
has an axe Tommy
so close so close rich bitch Oh
multiplayer gaming and look at this guy
just don't even have any idea what's
going on like whoa jeez I hope Jason
kills all these idiots
I've learned that's dumb don't stun him
and then use fireworks right yeah yeah
he doesn't get double stun right oh and
by the way this Jason look how lame him
with the pickaxe you know what you know
what it could be
I've almost done this misspell and that
really this is an achievement for the I
don't care enough about achievements
that I didn't do it I always I'm always
frustrated when I don't get aid kills
because somebody leaves yeah you you
start you grab them and then you start
to kill animation but they disconnect
you don't get credit for the kill
yeah yeah so he proudly wants the
achievement for the aid kills it doesn't
want to risk somebody ragequitting right
we are nepal I get it I get it it's not
fun but he wants to see that eight of
eight looks like Tommy Jarvis is getting
out Tommy's got some driving skills
definitely got time for a morph oh sorry
Tommy Jarvis that's my favorite bit of
driving ever
yay I love this one oh look at how big
and dumb that is that's a great kill
that's a great kill some blue diet
chances the only real problem I have of
this game is the lack of variety in the
maps agreed at a glance they're all
basically the same map that is not true
I really want a Jason Takes Manhattan
rabbit you see Central Park it's all
woods but they're very different maps
that map we're just unpacking act is
just a clusterfuck where everything is
in the middle there's one main drag yeah
80,000 houses on the main drag Crystal
Lake is very segmented here's this cab
this four house is then over here
there's a cluster of four houses and
then you got this weird sparse area on
the other side that's different map and
then the Higgins house map that's got
the big house in the middle and it's got
this little it's not quite a river this
little like inlet of the water so there
goes in and doesn't get around in that
that affects gameplay you got the bridge
that's like a bottleneck they're
visually yeah it's all woods but the
three maps
I'll give them credit they are different
Maps yeah I mean in general the one
criticism like the big big criticism is
the game needs more like not only more
maps I want more routes of escape
I want more options like I just want
more things to do in the map you know
more weapons more distraction items some
some more puzzle pieces to get put
together I love the car puzzle like oh
you need all these right parts and then
maybe right I want some more puzzles
like that to put together four possible
routes of escape
we need more game developers
I wanted um more platforms with
cross-play so more PSO there's a bigger
pool of people to play with make it all
happen
but don't charge any more money for it
and make it happen fast rich what is
your favorite non keyboard and mouse
controller I typically don't like style
wise I don't really give that much of a
fucking oh yeah like the the DualShock
versus the xbox one versus this generic
DualShock knockoff yeah yeah I largely
do not give a fuck I'm fond of the the
Xbox pro controller the elite mostly
because it's just very well built mm-hmm
that's great the III I've always
preferred the Xbox's thumb placement
over the the plate ps4 is I hate both
thumbs being down here I like why huh
why what difference does that make
maybe this is just what I'm used to it's
yeah but my thumbs rest more naturally
here than here I don't like that as much
I don't like that as much we've talked
about that actually bringing my PC in to
do this and to do a specific like be on
the same team for a Jason kill
possibility I do I just if you want to
okay let's do that
maybe we can do that on Wednesday sure
sure I'm totally down for that I'll just
think I need to bring my monitor as well
which obviously we can do yeah yeah I
mean the only downside is you'd only see
it from from one of our well wait
question is which is preferable so I'm
gonna split screen or well theoretically
yep if we're streaming from this
computer we can see this computer and
then we could run mine through the
elgato yeah we'd have to mess with it
like we'd have to delay this one to make
sure they sync up and then also delay
our microphone to make sure they sync up
so they theoretically could see it from
both of our point of view
alright that'll veca that could be that
uh you know what I was gonna say the
finale but yeah I don't mind playing
this again if we get another dud like
one two three grenades I don't mind this
backup pour three two one grenades or
four three two hundred eight
half-hearted since hey guys right which
do you prefer when I'm done well in a
movie running gags or fourth wall breaks
which is more painful when actually
executed horribly also happy welcome to
earth today
that's right welcome to earth mother
fuckas I I prefer a running a good
running gag and a bad fourth wall break
is worse I prefer a good fourth wall
break oh yeah and a bad running gag is
worse Oh rich Evans Oh rich Evans you
wacky motherfucker I can't think of an
example off the top of my head though if
a failed fourth wall break name me one
you could win me over there but I like a
good fourth wall break I don't mind that
oh good fourth wall break ain't nothing
to shake a stick at I'll tell you one
I'm trying to think of a bad fourth wall
break
mmm jet sang Hot Tub Time Machine which
I have not seen oh sure yeah that was
just a really obvious gag what do they
do that when they give the titular line
like they figure out that the hot tub is
a time machine and Craig whatever that
actor's name is goes it's some kind of
looks right into the camera Hot Tub Time
Machine that's bad that's bad
yes that was Thank You Chad that is a
perfect example here's the thing though
a bad running joke you get repeatedly I
mean your math checks out I'll be honest
with you a bad running joke no I think I
saw the battery so that split second
nope that was the suitcase what do we
got what do we got what do we got map
wrench
I think the pipe does good stun damage
but I forget that's bright take that
take tit we've gotten no one's done
nothing yet rich no one's you know and
that frustrating well I haven't done
anything either so I hear anything I
can't really complain
uh I think you're late to the party Jack
listen there's only three houses near me
I'm gonna check all of them you know
what it's like someone misses the
obvious gas canister or the flare gun
hello I will take a flare gun oh shit
what are you machete I don't need the
machete
I guess did you just check that house
yeah those like oh okay
do not hang out together hey no all
right within lamps are certain things
randomized like phone placement car
placement etc yes the some of the things
could be a little bit more randomized
like you kind of know like the phone is
gonna be in one of like three or four
houses on this map yeah but you know
like could be anywhere on the map but
seriously
shit it's either gonna be on the far
west the far eat you know but you know
it's it's not for the garage then it's
probably by the house that's next to the
car but it's not exactly the same every
time and as far as I know even though
they tend to be close to wherever the
car is I'm pretty sure that like the gas
and the car battery and Peller blade can
be anywhere should I miss them up fuck
God oh fuck god damnit who's it's a cool
death I was trying to save did you did
she at least call Tommy Jarvis that
Beatty was calling timing Jarvis I was
trying to buy her some extra time I
don't know if she continued head up in
the deep end they did it's not you
so do you gonna leave or find a
different all right so Jason acts Jason
X you want to see him in this game right
of course now here's the thing there's
two Jason's in that movie there's normal
Jason uh-huh and then he turns into
other Jason would you have them as two
separate skills
well would you have it be here's here's
a thought okay we're at Jason X DLC
right you know each Jason's got three
positives and three negatives yeah well
how about this you start on if with the
Jason X skin you get both Jason's in one
step okay you start off as like the
early part of that movie the normal
Jason and your pluses pluses remind us
they're all minuses everything is a -
okay then you're going to rage mode
activates and your uber Jason and
everything is plus so you start off
extremely disadvantaged until you get
rage mode and then it's you kick all of
the ass that's so tough because like
that gives the other player so much
opportunity I know you I know would it
be I mean first of all that's a great
idea that's a great idea what if what if
Jason starts off weak mm-hm and needs to
find an item to turn into mega Jason
because you know look the problem is
rage mode doesn't kick in until you're
what 10 minutes in and I think that's
too much time that gives too much time
to the counselors but maybe maybe damage
against some ghost village even more
maybe have to find some way to balance
it but what what if either somewhere in
the woods or in a cabin is the mass
right is like the the uber the chrome of
mass and instead of hunting counselors
you could find the mask that turns into
either Jason I don't know I'm gonna tell
you I don't know how write about that
Oh mom like either way where it's like
it could be crappy in the could not what
if what if that Jason's built rage mode
with kills or damage I can deal with
that yeah kill them famines rage yeah
yeah I like it yeah that was a good kill
lopping off your arms and head you know
like and I guess that's you know this
game has a lot of possibilities it has a
lot of potential mm-hmm it'd be neat to
see some stuff like that but we don't
have any control you know like I would
be equally as happy if I could rebind
keys game developers the Friday night
super game behind that 100% I there's
nothing more frustrating than having to
stop walking so I can hit the T button
for push-to-talk distr thanks for the
tip did they tip this for the awesome
car run that was it was rich that
backwards circle
super Stratton was amazing hell yeah are
like a song that's right
perhaps a developer interview is in
order
sure yeah well talk to these guys
they're like Russian gangsters is that I
don't know the gangsters I pulled that
part out of my ass oh they're but
they're Russian you think I think they
might um yeah then it might be hard to
have a conversation with them I bet you
could get them and listen if they speak
English
cuz rich and I do not speak Russian if
they are Russian oh my god these things
are terrible yeah oh god yeah you could
have just left I well I left the other
one because they're only three people
now this was the new one I joined you
know what my ping gives me an advantage
so I'm gonna okay cuz yours is the
lowest or the lower end of everyone
else's that's not a bad thinking that's
not bad diggin oh god there was some guy
I heard you when that kill heaven yeah I
played the Mario haha that's guys you
know what it's nice to have a bit nice
to have a bit okay next to a house might
be next to the car nope next to the car
great Anonymous's Jack I'm Jack I know
you're not a fan of games in the vein of
cards against humanity' correct but what
are your thoughts on the jack box games
also how do people leave such long notes
in there tip I don't know jack box games
is that like the you don't know jack
trivia thing I don't know jack box games
is am I just seeing you like there that
long I haven't I haven't don't say that
are huge for sighs I saw anyway go ahead
you don't head on some shit name socket
so you don't have much experience with
the jack box yeah I guess I don't I
might not know what Jack box games is
okay so unless it's if unless I'm
thinking it's the you don't know jack
series of trivia games which are great
because I
trivia games but yeah I don't know what
that is I and you know it's not like I
have a wild passion against cards
against humanity' it's all it's it's a
fine say dirty things simulator but to
me like if I'm with a group of friends
we can just like sit around and say
awful things and laugh or we can play a
game and you know have it be a game and
so I just like people who are just like
oh let's play a game because I don't
want to interact with other people
socially so let's play cards against
humanity' I like my games to be games
and I know technically there is like a
game aspect to it but it's all it's all
just an excuse to say awful things which
I'm totally for just being in a room and
saying awful things button
I am Chester says yep do you guys think
that there are aspects of how the
universe works that are beyond the
limitations of the human brain to
understand and as a result the human
race is doomed to a technological dead
end it's hard to answer that because if
there is something I wouldn't be able to
you know what here's what I'm gonna say
yeah just because we in our current
state are unable to understand something
doesn't mean that our are not our
ancestors our predestine ex-general
descendants and our descendants won't be
able to thank you right you're talking
about like severe a number of upgrades
to the human brain though like to
understand a concept that in here yeah
but to understand concepts that we have
already there's no way our ancestors
would have been able to figure it out
done here we're talking about something
like a 2d being understanding the third
sure yes you want I don't think any
amount of evolution is going to fix that
oh right
unless we unless we find a
unless we find some sort of for diya
scope we can find it we can't even
comprehend infinity yet you say that as
if somebody here ever be able to fully
comprehend infinity at once yeah that's
why it's a nonsensical statement yeah
they got their head chopped off that
should be fairly obvious you know
there's a killer on the loose they look
there's head that's great
Ossie Baxter says evening boys
yeah anyone remember the 80s contra
meets God of War side-scroller called
rygar yes
what about Spy Hunter yes the car games
but I played a decent amount of Spy
Hunter yeah I played that very little of
writer rygar but I'm familiar with him
yeah I played so much Spy Hunter like I
really thought oil slicks were a real
thing just like people actually had
those and ever played the massive arcade
cabinet version of gauntlet good
memories the 80s yes I know yeah it was
the only reason I wanted to go to Pizza
Hut oh yeah they had a good God look
nice a few Saga ROG rectly North yeah
yeah but I can dive it's probably double
traps that's ok I got a pocket knife I
don't have a health spray button fucking
jump the window I'm Jason's busy with
other people right now
keep going yep there it is
it is definitely double trapped that
triple Wow you know I'm gonna that's
triple trap Jack I'm gonna check in here
CJ tonight that's right we get a healthy
radiant okay all right
I have the fuse the phone box is over by
the garage but it's double trapped
somebody has pocketknife just wait this
wave the boat this way yeah we know Matt
what do you drop the trap in front of me
in front of the the box you're not gonna
need to carry it with you Jason's busy
right now all right
triple-threat
I told you tribal drag told you you
weren't gonna be able to run away anyway
you don't have a health spray
yeah I could have moved I had a shotgun
I hit there was a there was a flare gun
in there I could have moved one trap
wasn't gonna slow me down that much rich
triple traps fucking Jason

[Part II]
triple trout that's why that's why you
triple trap the phone fine I know
nothing I get it look if somebody gets
out with 2-seater ah you only missed two
somebody gets off with the two-seater ah
you lost for somebody gets out with the
phone everybody gets out that's true
everybody gets out don't find Jason
shaft now people know where it is if
they want to go there all the traps are
taken care of now so unless he quad
trapped it why can't you disarm the
second and third traps because for
balance reasons it to make traps not
useless you need to use a pocketknife to
disable a trap and that uses up right so
if I would have had three pocket knifes
I could have disabled all three trap
which is insane oh this bag head that's
why I hate playing bang had Jason's to
cheat with the Tramp I love all the
traps the prop the proper here's the
proper strategy that bag had Jason yeah
go for the kill oh yeah he's weak I
believe he's weak the damage no and
stunning
he leaped crabs everywhere but yeah he
gets seven Tramp he's yeah like why even
bother with like the phone or the car if
you know you're just not gonna be able
to because there's too many fucking
traps just go for the fucking kill what
is going on here these people like that
away so Tommy did I'm gonna smash that
fuse box and then put a trap in front of
it because you get you piece of shit I'm
trying to think thinking maybe you found
a glitch and you were safe yeah oh look
at the gas can now
precariously placed now and by the way
now no one's gonna follow it maybe she
verse sees it
maybe she sees the gas camphor thing a
bit yeah I like I will talk about split
and neon demon I don't know have you
seen you haven't seen this play heaven
No so like I don't want to another
spoiler I don't want to give too many
spoilery things way I I enjoyed both
split and the neon demon even though
split was spoiled for me and I'll talk
about it later so I can we can do like
one of those like spoilers from here on
out things but it's good
it's a split is very good and that lady
that Anya the same uh the actress who
was the star of the Vova CH is also the
lead in split and that she needs an
Academy Award for reaction shots eighty
percent of the movie is just her
reaction chest all the weird shit
happening around her and she's great you
feel you feel her fear I love her how
often do you play us Jason
it's randomly picked every time so yeah
like a one-day
I had my fat first my preference was set
to neither I had neither preference set
and I want to say I was five of seventy
yeah Jason's then as soon as I set my
preference to Jason it bumped it up
everyone's got the but you know the
reasons everyone has their preference
said to Jason yes
I've even had some situations where I've
been Jason twice in a row see this is
this is why is why I hate Baghead Jason
that's there's no fun in this is
everything literally everything is
trapped now double triple quadruple
trapping and I and I've been known to
abuse tress but at least you know I
don't have enough but I can't just crap
everything twice over yeah but he gets
knocked over so easily to kill him yeah
idiots
I want the the one Jason I really want B
to get good at is the one with the ax
throw kill I love that kill so much
he noticed major positive is what kind
of kind of an enjoy started to play in
that one but I enjoy it breaks down
doors fast mmm a barricaded door I've
gotten through one of two hits nice nice
goodbye yeah I just think that's one of
the cooler kills is he he liked show he
liked kicks the councillor way and then
tosses his axe into there
twinsies rich has never been known to
abuse drugs I use them properly but not
excessively alright gobbledygook says
random question you're locked in a
dungeon for a year and forced to play an
arcade game I'd rather play paperboy or
a rampage
paperboy hands down yeah they're
probably a little more you could do in
paperboy rampage there's not a lot of
skill it'll get boring after a while I'm
feeling there's a higher mastery ceiling
in paperboy sure I can agree with that
stupid rampage got boring after two
quarters yeah
no no way rampage has so many levels but
are they repetitive like you just jump
on the building and punch the windows
like that's kind of it man page has 100
levels yeah but if they're similar 100
levels it doesn't matter window
technically Pac Man 2 has 256 levels
what do you girls - running trying to
draw it out like paper boy has depth
look I have enjoyed paper boy more than
I have enjoyed rampage Jeff but being
forced to play only one of those in a
dungeon for your is gonna be shitty no
matter which one you pick that's true
that's true
says rich rich
have you tried snapping with your ring
finger I can't with the middle finger
but the ring finger works for me no I
can't do it i via the snap sound doesn't
come from this it comes from you
slapping I guess it's a little bit of
both crazy that you don't know maybe
it's like rolling your tongue and then
just my hands not built that way Jack
how do you fuck up rubbing finger
against that's what I'm asking how do
you fuck up rubbing your finger against
I'm saying maybe I'm not maybe it's just
my hand design for that maybe I going
like this maybe I have better cartilage
in my joints that then doesn't do
whatever fucked-up thing may let you
make that noise
this that's crazy that you can't do it
like it's not a cracking of the knuckle
it's just like you know it's that in a
slap like it's like this you know it's
like popping up on hand I'm sorry you're
doing it wrong yeah I just wonder like
if it was just one of those things where
which is like a can't I can't snap I've
been trying for years and like you know
you just never figure dad I'm not I
don't I don't doubt you that you just
can't snap I just think it's odd that
snap that is a fairly universal thing
it's like have you ever have you ever
met someone who doesn't have a middle
name uh not that I know of I have I've
met people who don't have middle name
you go huh and it's um people don't have
middle names this person does not have a
middle name that doesn't make it any
less strange
oh these are you some were fucking
around fucking around I don't have a
middleman yeah some people don't have
middle names and that's fine
I'm not have either of you seen the best
movie ever made
oh my god it's so good baby driver I've
heard now see I like a girl right I like
the haze that he makes so I would stand
to reason that I would like baby daddy I
was busy watching every other movie
dealing with the fish issues oh no not
fish issues they talking about that
wounded the fish we got yeah yeah yeah
we had I go for Christmas I bought Karen
a fish tank and you know she got the
fish tank ready we got it together to go
and she want a glow fish and it's pretty
but it's gaudy as hell it's got like the
the dark light plants and she's got
these fish that glow these little Daniel
fish that are genetically engineered to
be fluorescent colors mm-hmm tiny
schooling fish but your long happily
with each other's schooling fish yeah
they they fight each other relentlessly
for dominance sure there's this large
purple one does nothing but swim around
the top and chase everything else away
from the top of the tank this is gonna
eat first god damn it and the small fish
they've literally been bullying to death
oh this the the the the out of the green
one the green of the whiny yellow green
colored one yeah
one day we noticed it was missing an eye
it was missing an eye and we weren't
sure I don't I don't recall it having a
missing eye when we bought it maybe we
didn't notice sure oh okay well it's
probably gonna die soon if it got ripped
out it never died but just one eye and
then parts of its fin
started disappearing and and they were
they were not treating this little fish
kindly oh it was hiding this it started
hiding behind the we have this Brock Cod
you know things they can hide behind in
there and he's hiding behind that all
the time was he doesn't he doesn't want
to hang out with the rest of the school
and of course and so then he got caught
in the net we keep around the filter to
keep things from getting caught in the
filter just got caught in the net and he
wasn't moving okay now he's finally dead
I want to take him out and he sort of
wiggling around
oh my god it's alive so he freed it from
the net and it was like swimming on its
side just from like the exhaustion of
trying to get out of the net like okay
this sucks sucks with a fish and then
like like the next day after week I got
this poor poor little fish out of the
net
they put its tail off and at this point
I'm rooting for this poor little fish
because this fish is a fucking survivor
this didn't this didn't happen over a
short period of time you slowly over the
course of months so did you start taking
out the other fish just like oh thank
you can't take out the rest of the damn
fish what are you gonna do with them but
you can't take out one and just put them
in a separate Bowl I'm saying poke holes
in them like take them out like you take
out the other fish kill the other fish
did you kill the other no I didn't kill
the other Vasia
we take the one that's being abused yeah
put them in a separate little tank but
that's that's like a temporary solution
yeah putting this little tank and so
what I've been working on last day or
two is this is my excuse to get another
thing I like but a small one like a big
10 gallon tank and I can have a fish
tank that's not a gaudy
hello fish tank okay so I bought a tank
I bought a couple of like cheap aquatic
plants like it's gonna have real plants
oh that's neat and you can't you you
well you can but you shouldn't just
throw fish in a new aquarium you have to
get the bacteria colonized
so that they eat the basically they eat
the pee and turn the pee into something
else and then the you know so the so the
water doesn't turn poisonous over time
right
I'm with you so I don't have the fish in
that tank right now I'm trying to
monitor the Hat like adding an ammonia
so that the bacteria grows and I need
like a plant so I got to find the light
I can use for the plants Simon I've been
assembling a new fish tank that's been
my project neat
Jason is on my ass already and I hope
he's no peas here just gonna have that
as a home for a while
oh nice let him heal up a bit then start
adding some other things in there cool
I don't want it to die this point I'm
Brut I'm so rooted for this little tiny
fish it's been through hell and back it
just keeps kicking I'm just saying you
got to even this you got to even the
playing field a little bit by by
massacring my other fishes whoo I'm also
in charge of taking care of mm-hmm teach
my lesson
can you tell jack was a farmer Rob but
the ouside kill it kill it
yeah take it up back put a shotgun to
its head you can fix that dog right up
does the fish have a name karen has
called it lemme lemme lemme nice she
keeps calling it yellow it's clearly a
florescent green clearly
something's in there already it's fun
one-eyed with no finned fish purple
people either oh I've been here already
shit oh wait I know this map I people
lying out
and someone told rich those fish are not
engineered but tattooed not the glow
fish listen there's some genetic
engineering going on there some some
fish the actual operating yeah some
things they actually inject with dye oh
that's well that's both horrible and it
wears off over time sure yeah
listen do you know how many of these
fish they sell these little tiny fish
that you think there's one tattoo artist
who comes in all day he's tattooing this
inch-long fish green I know I'm sure
it's like a it's a factory in China yeah
no what we have is something different
this globe Fisher they're actually
genetically engineered and it's somewhat
controversial but yeah I'll give a shit
use science we have slides use it yeah
yeah you know it's just it's just
Breeden we've been genetically
engineering our cows for centuries is
just making the cows that make the most
meat have sex with each other
and you know there was worried they
might get out in the wild but the the
argument for for not banning them is
that these fish are bright fluorescent
colors they're going to be eaten in the
wild fairly quickly got car keys
rich yeah if I start driving it's okay
for you to tell me where to go
yeah yeah cuz I don't know any of the
sweet paths like oh like you know okay
just keep your eye out you can write
anything you see your map you see those
dozen at Maine rose with this little
bike walking paths mhm
the car can fit down any of those
alright for one and then just look for
clearings where you can fit between
trees and watch out for rocks but you
can you you can fit between most trees
especially on this especially on this
map oh those little ones yeah those
don't stop you you can go right you just
go right through those okay cool yeah
let's stay together I have the car keys
good that was me that you didn't say
anything heady hot I did you did yeah
motherfucker this is the two-seater
no one has the batter it doesn't matter
does the four-seater need the get out of
there
this guy's trying to repair he's messed
up already Jason knows what's going on
oh the police get far far away from that
you see somebody doing something stupid
yep
I know the whole groups coming over here
what does the four-seater need battery
and empties no he took it to the wrong
car look at that look at that yeah oh he
had gas yeah he was just putting it oh
they both he better I thought the other
one had that bomb no one he was just
putting the battery in there I thought
that was one of each I thought the one
had the battery and the other one had
the gas no no he was just putting gas in
there just because he had gas
you know I wasn't like calling the cops
or anything come in what what
thank you your finger to pad trigger
finger keypad anonymous says Jack yeah
you enjoyed the story of horizon zero
dawn yeah yeah I did enjoy this very
frightening zero done may I recommend
the novel that's right
Ventus ven tus Ventus Ventus similar
starting premise machines rebel leaving
society primitive but with a more
philosophical edge to the story hmm I
could get down with it madam says I am
just testing my new credit card haha I
don't know if we went through might want
to test it again since I am here I can't
wait to see rich in the new Blade Runner
movie riches performance facial
expression is phenomenal
I love the new look keep it up great
thank you thank you you're great in
trailer trailer I know we look alike I
gave some tips before his eyes I
probably should them I didn't get the
part but here's the four-seater wait is
one of them done like the back no oh
that's just traps
lots of traps any time no keys you have
one you have one I had one you have keys
on you oh yeah I know just yeah hey guys
there's keys by the four-seater a second
set like Jason's busy
I see just need the battery right I did
someone called Tommy Jonas really
because the police are coming by you
guys play more of new order at all
Jack's decided he didn't really like it
that much
I really didn't I didn't I here's the
thing I think it's fine is what it is
it's perfectly adequate and but I love
the sunny wait wait wait isn't on the
ground behind you in this hallway okay
I've seen them spawn just like on the
floor it's it's a perfectly adequate
shooter in in a really good world I love
the world but I just can't get over how
mediocre the gameplay is you know and so
I'd rather I'd much rather spend my time
playing something else you're right out
of time Jack huh you are running out of
time wait wait before you go through
those houses what's north what's that
little house it's in there sometimes
north
yeah north of the car looks like
somebody was in there but they could
have been they could have been an idiot
oh yeah that's always a possibility like
I'm pretty sure Jason is is Priyanka
tell you it's sitting right out in the
open the person just didn't notice it oh
yeah that happens all the time
oh well oh I see Jason's coming a little
close now so I'm gonna pick an exit here
because I don't have a map anyway I'm
just gonna start following this main
road and hope that it's I'm working my
way up with the two new order I've
actually started playing some of the
older Wolfenstein yeah yeah classic
Wolfenstein I played a bit of last night
territory ah yes oh you knew perfect
yeah I think this house has not been
checked so that we could have we could
have good stuff in here
Oh cops are called oh yes I'm kind of
near them all right let's just see if I
can get it to help my cop run cuz we're
switching up gears now now as you know
it's exit I have a pocketknife and I
have a baseball but the battery you can
take the card like a boss check you
could take the car out like a fucking
boss damn it I think this might be a bad
idea but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do no
no no he has tramps you have pocketknife
it can be used in your pocket knife to
take the car up I know
are you good with the car no I mean I'm
all righty I can drive this would be
this you know what
worst-case scenario no he'll be too busy
like defending the exit no does it get
right out with a car he's not gonna want
to let everyone out that one you can get
around that one easy oh yeah
Bickford the car door whoo yeah this is
that's a guy I feel bad telling people
this cuz it makes my life easier when
I'm playing as a counselor but if you're
Jason and you put a trap by the
passenger door it's a waste you can hit
the a prompt near it to get in the car
and just walk right over the trap like
that look at that
nothing there's a wasted trap they don't
even know it
follow the curvy road ahead and then
make it first left okay
yep follow the straight down right
if Jason shows up you don't have to
worry go around him go ride him now
walking out take my fucking car
fuck back yeah well first of all Jason
had him in there in a hole even if I got
out of the car at that point I was not
saving that person yeah that was a save
me
should have honked your horn yep nice
you're going Jack huh good about that
couple people escaped three of us
escaped three murdered not a bad showing
for Jason not a bad showing Jack got
good night first of all I didn't have to
do I I was really good at following the
road I didn't have to do any fancy
driving
I had rich guy to me I didn't like any
map mistakes I didn't crash I didn't you
know and Here I am using my legs like a
sucker absolutely I mean Jason was
camping out by there so yeah yeah
they're the smart call the smart call
was to take the car because then you
know Jason would be busy with other
people wait did that seem like it
started any faster yeah 40% there what
is your perk for yeah mine's 46 like 40%
didn't feel like it started fast it
started pretty fast yeah like all right
Joe I just don't know like a she has the
crouched perk oh I put the dunno fear
perk if you don't want that one maybe
too late
oh and your bag uh-huh
and your bag thumb thumb bag and I'll
just switch it to you it's fine oh and I
inverted the thing so thanks jack I drew
you face well thanks fresh leak soup I
you know a lot of people draw him a face
my face is an easy one to draw though
like I'm a bald man with glasses yeah i
i'm a walking caricature of myself it's
so easy I'm not discrediting your
talents I'm sure you're a talented
driver or maybe not I don't know I just
don't know greasemonkey is bugged right
now and most of the time actually makes
the actions slower just a dilly that car
seemed to start pretty fast
well know everyone who's banging this
does not necessarily guarantee that this
Oh everyone was bagging Ventus that
Ventus book yeah you know and I was I
was not over over the week I wasn't
feeling very videogame II so I didn't
get much video game time in or reading
time I just caught up on movies and TV
shows I finished season two of master of
none that Aziz Ansari show yeah
fantastic show you know a lot of a lot
of people like to talk about kind of
like you know the death of movies and
directors aren't getting a voice anymore
well you know what they went to Netflix
he is like he's telling incredibly
personal stories like him and his
writing staff there is a wonderful
episode called Thanksgiving and it takes
place one of his friends in the show is
is a black gay woman and it just goes
through different Thanksgivings in her
life in which she slowly comes out to
her family and it's gorgeous
heartwrenching angela bassett isn't him
like they got Angela Bassett to come in
planes it's just like great television
all the good all the good voices are
moving to television so we finished that
we watch split which I really I really
liked except for one fairly tone-deaf
thing I won't talk about now later I'll
well no because rich hasn't seen it yet
so I don't want to spoil it for rich
either everybody one I know what the
twist isn't split yeah no it has nothing
to do with the twist okay
I think everyone that by this point
knows what the twist is which I was okay
with because like it's not that's not
like a big surprise but the thing that
happens I just felt it was a little ah
it was it was handled in a tone definite
fashion TV is really good right now I
mean they brought back battle the
Network Stars and they're turning candy
crush into a game show well not all TV
obviously but get yourself some Netflix
or Hulu or Showtime or stars literally
just any one of those services
you know what I'm talking about in you
agree yeah and like we can you maybe
after rich sees it or you know give it a
couple more weeks and and I can get into
like just specifically why I think it's
super tone-deaf button it's just this
one little little gripe I had but the
rest of the movie is pretty good let's
see here district says hey guys my
friend plays Minecraft but I prefer
terraria because it's more
action-oriented and less time wasting
have you played either and if so which
do you prefer
mmm applied neither I played a little
bit of minecraft survival mode and it's
cute you know somebody accidentally
jumped through a window or is Jason Van
Halen Jason's been here means there's a
90% chance we got the yeah somebody
accidentally jumped in a damn window yep
no phone you know it's I'm not a big fan
of those kind of survival games like the
games that encourage you to make a camp
I don't I don't necessarily like those
that's my friends here having machete
it's a long wait I'm just saying that's
that's nice that's fast
didn't you like don't starve I was okay
with don't starve mostly I was playing
with a friend and the they gave me a
whole bunch of cheats or else I would
have died immediately I'm much much
preferred the flame and the flood which
is a survival game in which you need to
keep moving they didn't encourage you to
like build up a fortress I really like
the flame of the flood because you had
to keep moving and just rather the
supplies that you could and move on and
move on
so I much prefer that I think without
the cheat codes and playing with a
friend I would not have gotten very far
and don't step up and just don't get
ahead of yourself
let me give you a hand
this is how you get ahead in life heads
up
I'm trapped
which is weird Jason might have some
different strats or it's some it's
somebody's friend playing as Jason I was
using the witch Jason is he baguette and
he's not tramping his bag head
he puts the fucking point he puts seven
traps on the phone box just not close
enough wait how many cars are there two
maybe there by the other car why would
you trap the two-seater or not the four
seater it looks like I don't know I'm
not I'm not making excuses for bag head
it kind of sounds like I'm making
excuses for beggin that's interesting
he's been here Sri Lanka door in there
oh yeah I finished up Fargo season three
of Fargo and overall a really good
season but an incredibly disappointing
ending rid they really cocked the
landing on Fargo season three cocked it
right up rich sorry
you should be I'm gonna get out with the
police I love a pocket knife yeah yes I
agree that would help cock yeah oh they
cocked it right up there's a perfectly
fine season tough call
yeah all right that's good I prefer
Fargo season one Fargo season one I
liked a lot season two is okay season
two is just fine alright I think at this
point we stick with these people and get
out with the cops I think that's a fair
plan rich that is an absolute Fair
planned
I had keys and started thinking about a
cars possibility but he's you just got a
minute and a half to kill exits are
fairly close to one another there's
something going on over by that by the
car
that's the thing we have too many good
shows that's it that's a great problem
to have Oh Jason's over by the car - yep
start heading towards those exits doo
doo doo doo doo it's you know you know
what it's only a problem if you start
really getting into a show later on and
discover that it's canceled right the
Firefly effect yeah like oh I've just
found this amazing show oh wait like you
know but if you find it right away then
they keep making more the effort
required to keep up agreed can I hint
without spoilers why I hated the Fargo
ending yeah like without spoilers they
didn't resolve anything they they I mean
they left you hanging there was a
question on whether or not the good guys
won and Fargo historically usually the
good guys win is what I'm gonna say in
some fashion okay that's all right
that's all right
Jason's probably busy hanging out by the
car
it was it was one of those it was one of
those we leave the ending up to the
audience's interpretations and
historically that has not how Fargo goes
Fargo I I've always liked Fargo because
it's basically just a detective story
with some weird shit happening in here
in there it might be too busy with the
car but that's a long fucking spray know
just take your time keep an eye out you
have the tools Oh what okay nice well
that was my neighborly of ya
next to the left
that was very kind of you that's so nice
of them so in any case fart like you've
seen Fargo the movie right yeah yeah but
you know like even though it has weird
stuff happening and it has like brute
immense brutality it is basically just a
simple detective story we know we follow
the detective through the paces and even
though like incredible and gory things
happen at the end of the day it's a cop
show yeah and with a pregnant housewife
the brutality juxtaposed against these
yeah yeah Minnesotan you know small town
or golly gee right which is great but
you know at the end of the movie Fargo
we know that the cops figured it all out
nah just their good old gumption yeah
and at the end of season three Fargo
they leave it up to the audience's
interpretation and I think that's a big
load of horseshit
with a hint of Barton Fink
Oh Bart nothing shit on the wrong way
Cheers
yep she's at the wrong exit no you don't
know no camera got stuck on the hey
that's true beat the train she's
probably just having mad yeah but then a
I'm what you see with the lights on on
you know to go the other way complements
yeah but maybe they didn't yeah yeah
there are the default suit are there
yeah sometimes matchmaking isn't perfect
and you remember I'm at a lower level
than you are so these might be even
lower level people true bar hard no I
don't believe it led heavily to either
of the possible outcomes of Fargo season
3 I think they very intentionally left
it ambiguous because they wanted that
mystery to hang for some reason which is
very outside of the norm for Fargo other
than that though really needs the the
the main cop this time had this very fun
quirk for most of the season where like
like automatic opening doors wouldn't
recognize her she'd go to wash her hands
in the automatic sync's and it wouldn't
see her and shit like she had this big
technology problem and it was wonderful
it was a really great running gag for
like the first half of Fargo
but you know overall I was fine Oh axe
throw yes we need at least one axe throw
rich read tip check okay so alright poke
Alex in the eye says with wife still
visiting Hospital I've been rewatching
some favorite movies last night was
inglorious basterds and The Truman Show
thoughts on those two flicks the fan
flicks signed flicks fine flicks I might
have told the story before but do you
know that my mother refuses to finish
the Truman Show I think this has come up
once I think this is kind of once she
started watching The Truman Show and
became so upset at the idea The Truman
Show is about someone who lives in a
fake reality as part of a television
show and they don't know it she became
so upset at the idea of everyone else
controlling Jim Carrey's life that she
refused to watch the rest of the movie
or was she upset about the idea that
maybe her lion for somebody who's
controlling lions aren't her friends and
that's what she guys she's like oh I
hate I was like that's why you have to
finish the movie mom finish the movie so
you know how its result she's like I
will not I will not watch that movie
again I was like oh come on she's like a
child you gotta see the good guy win or
lose or you got to see him figure it out
that's how it works
so even Jason once in I have it the two
of us no we haven't
that's a little bit weird we should
double check that my preference on this
computer is set to Jason I said I
believe I said it to Jason earlier in
the night butter and inglorious basterds
I think we just actually talked about
that great I mean Santino Tarantino's
the master of the long scene and they're
all beautiful vaccines cause Islam says
hi rich a new edition of Warhammer 40k
is in with streamlined rule sets and new
starter sets three sizes each with two
armies and everything else two players
need to play much like a board game
I know exactly the sort of people who I
could play this way and I don't have
thousands of dollars to spend on
miniatures yeah sounds neat though I
probably wouldn't get into Warcraft if I
knew people that would be interested and
I could afford it
Tiberias are you saying you don't like
the long scenes of inglorious basterds
because I will respectfully disagree
with you with their opinion with what
you were saying is that it's not their
opinion no I guess no I'm sorry I
disagree with your opinion then I think
that Tarantino's long scenes are
wonderful
and while you air or and while usually
he has very like that man frustrating
beginnings of movies they all come
together in the end I really like that
map I'm sorry rich
I'm very sorry your opinion is not your
opinion sorry no I what I meant to say
is I disagree with your opinion but you
know like a lot of his movies can be
incredibly frustrating but he always
finds a way to bring them together like
if you've ever seen death Proof more the
theatrical cut of death proof it is slow
and it is dull and it is boring and then
it ends with a half-hour car chase that
is the most phenomenal thing ever to be
committed to film yeah and he just does
that or like him you see if you've seen
his segment
you see for your active but sweeping the
question is do I mute them but then what
if teamwork is necessary we got 20
seconds and then we want to go for a
little bit his segment in four rooms is
another one of those like long slow
drawn-out things and he brings it
together master the last half hour of
death proof is dope it's so dope
that it makes the rest of death proof
okay the rest of death proof
he's just slowly tickling those parts of
your body that you don't think he likes
you tickling until he makes it all work
Quentin I don't necessarily like that
I'm not sure I like that okay I like
that a lot they sold that was like a
separate movie don't they what death
Proof yeah now it's now it's like the
death Proof and Planet Terror director's
cut I think Jay might have mentioned
this early like you can now get them
together in one set yeah now which is
how you need to watch it how do they how
do they do that the theater will sound
like a break in between these press
oh really yeah machete you know the
movie was a fake one of the fake
trailers is one of the fake trailers and
I want to say Eli Roth had a fake
trailer too and it involved a girl like
jumping on a trampoline and then
somebody a knife stuck through the
bottom of
nice giving yeah oh thank god Tiberius
Kirk says Jack I was saying no to that
thing you said after that the tipping
users inflammatory name instead now
you've gone on a three minute tear about
something I didn't say
I'm very sorry Tiberius I am I apologize
for my assert Asian but you know what
that was a funnier rant than talking
about that users name which is something
that I read without really thinking
about it but hey Oh battery oh god
you're right next to the car it's a
two-seater but Jason doesn't know that
yet right where'd you see the battery
it's by the book show okay bud so
Tiberius I I apologize for any
inflammatory remarks I have made at your
best
Jason's you know he doesn't get his
sense until a little bit later
yeah he sees an open door with these
perks it might not make a difference but
if it does have a sense this is all this
is all stretch Jack do you have the
house per this one I remember which one
I took I know I definitely took that the
Crouch the your low profile yeah yeah
just twenty four percent chance in
general to not be seen only if you're
crouched
and you know like I have a thing with
Tarantino where I never really tried to
see his movies because I know I will see
them eventually and enjoy them don't
worry drop the machete
oh god or what yeah is he going for a
kill public lobby human listen you got
to look out for you and some other
person closer see gasps or keys in this
area do they have anything if I never
know thinking about leaving it Lauren in
the two-seater I don't besides you want
to hang out with those guys nope okay so
basically our four shooter there's gas
what cabin has gas
what are you doing with your life jack
we're just supposed to know what it
means
now check these houses yeah I don't find
keys oh there's gas goodbye
Oh Tommy we have battery of gas that's
he what do we need for the four seater I
am I'm standing here I've got a battery
in my hand that I'm staring at a can of
gasoline what do I need to bring more to
the four seater gas or batteries look
out for yourself
oh if I don't have keys one of them has
the keys god damn it yeah they were
saying with Jackie Brown it's great
Jackie Brunswick girl turns you know
what I think I think unintentionally
it's one of his least stylized work and
that really helps keys in a park and I
have keys in a pocketknife keys in a
pocketknife keys and a pocketknife keys
in a pocketknife a pocketknife
no that was my little surf song burn
burn burn burn burn burn burn burn burn
burn bum bum keys okay good night give
that up
people suck they do suck I don't and
they're all hanging out by the
four-seater so are we thinking of the
keys are over there by the forest either
what do you think it Mitch I know keys I
have to go over them I don't know what
they would communicate I would know if I
need to bring key and a battery or gas I
wouldn't know I could be helpful but
that will require something that's not
just squeaking it nonsense into the mic
goddamn children demon
okay I'm supposed to read this in a rich
Evans place huh so haha I rich Evans
really like the Wizards in game and the
ten dollar Promethean DLC for Mass
Effect 3 it was ten out of ten pretty
good pretty good yeah that was little
townsend Coleman that's how I that's how
I picture Rich's voice that's how I hear
which is nice he might he might think
it's a four shooter go to the four
shooter no and he was already alerted
because he messed up the repairs yeah it
won't hurt anymore to double alert him
now we just have to see if he comes over
oh let's see here trapped rat traps rats
this time it's lupus says hate rich and
Jack I don't care what game you guys
play for the most part so long as you're
entertaining and hilarious you're
entertaining and hilarious elves I'm
great play what you want yeah it I mean
it bums me out that that mic pick fails
but failure is always an option we have
to be comfortable with failure look at
this shit oh wait I think I did that
once no did I not do that no I did that
with the other one because I just oh
that was your strap
there's one person left alive there's a
good try rich there's a good time this
is because I could on my own yeah
no you hey you were communicating you
were trying other people were dickheads
alright we're getting the fuck out of
this lobby oh he got the kill though
yeah no yeah oh well you were more
interested in the shitty game you've
never seen rather than watching this
again sorry well I'm not interested in
the shitty game that I had never seen it
was awful it was awful it was really bad
and it could have been good if there
were like real levels it could have been
just a fun little distraction and we
could have chatted about stuff while we
were throwing grenades and stuff but the
game was me versus rich and it wasn't
very fun so sorry what game three two
one grenades is what we started the
stream with and learned very very
quickly that it was not going to be a
good game we switched this and we've
already had many great adventures yep
even one doesn't work out like this last
one we had has a little bit of an
adventure with the idiots absolutely
almost getting out on my own
Colonel rich muster says Jack read the
fucking chat guess when I am I fucking
am check Oh check the Preferences I'm
I'm 90% sure that I'd switch the
Preferences to Jason but rich after this
game if you could please check your
spawn preferences I am 90% sure that I
switched it to Jason preference
am I ever going to finish Game of
Thrones season 6 I don't know maybe
maybe I'll go back and watch it one of
these days I just don't care about it I
just really don't care about it I could
be wrong I absolutely could be wrong but
I am 90% sure I switched my spawn
preferences to Jason see that's the
thing Kellogg's Corn Flakes
Idol that the trailer for 3 2 1 grenades
looks intriguing and it promised a
single-player camp you know like a
campaign mode and it lied because there
was no campaign
so is tracer the mascot of overwatch or
is it Deva Deva is getting just as much
attention as tracer is in merchandising
yeah tracers on the cover is why a lot
of people consider tracer to be the
mascot
this guy's gonna bar that door and ruin
my stealth strats probably so tracer is
the mascot Deva is the more popular
character mostly because I believe she
is a Korean character and many people
from Korea playing overwatch
I need keys before an idiot finds them
that's that's my goal right now I need
keys before an idiot finds them
beautiful he's near you you can just
tell him to give you the keys they might
be good he might be good Oh tea I've got
the battery we we just need gas you
can't even move the camera while I'm
holding to you
hey you did it shaping up to be
something that's true blizzard took the
gremlin diva meme and put it into the
game where there's animo where she's
drinking Mountain Dew and eating cheetos
they also took like someone made a like
fan art of Deva taking a selfie while
her mech explodes they turned that into
into a victory pose they're very good at
playing up the fanservice in over wash
settings versus a customization spawn
preference it is Jason okay it's Jason
all right great spawn preference is
Jason problem that is everybody has
Jason set as their spawn preference it
is strange that we have not had it at
all tonight but I do think like the
first couple of games I played I had the
preference set to neutral
statistics are weird too statistics are
weird I agree one out of eight champs
doesn't one eight chance doesn't mean
it's going to happen exactly one out of
every eight tries right I've been Jason
three times in a row yeah yeah it's
happened yeah but any sorry no but I had
nothing shouldn't should they have made
it like dead by down where you can just
choose whether you want to be Jason then
you would be waiting in a lobby that's
20 minutes that's fine if that's what
you want then nobody ever gets to be him
really innocence yeah but then you also
have people not point like people might
begrudgingly be counselors I think
there's a there's a greater chance that
someone will begrudgingly be a counselor
but if you have someone just sitting and
waiting for 20 minutes to play the game
because it's an option that that leads
to bad that leads to bad feelings yeah
so no I I think they're doing it as
right as they can
we need them to tweak if someone leaves
the game immediately after they find out
they're not Jason they needed to be
punished for that they need to find a
way to figure that out you can guarantee
it's gonna be three matches without
being Jason for them exactly if if you
if you leave within the first 30 seconds
of the match more in that two minutes
two minutes two minutes okay
I'm fine at that point they're probably
invested or not all right I like it
get on the developers get on it unless
you get killed then you just leave mMmmm
now I have a few people that run up to
Jason but it isn't Austin doesn't always
go where you are first so we're not bad
kidding I changes to party
I can talk to Jay about a Fifth Element
review but I don't know if it'll
necessarily happen so trap Jason and the
map were the car and phone spawn next to
each other yeah this will be fun
I hate this map some days and I have to
play that map against trapper Jason Wow
Wow Wow I would love to do a review of
Fifth Element because I know Jay does
not like 5th element Jay both Jay and
Mike do not like the fifth element but I
love it and so I would like to do a
review with them for the fifth element
before valerian and the planet of a
thousand cities or city of a thousand
planets talking bottoms-up
talk to them but I will talk to them
about it I was trying to talk James
doing something for split because I want
to talk about that and I don't think
they did a half in the bag for that
either can't I hijack the review set
sure but then it just be me and you guys
wouldn't watch that underground review
underground rave review underground yeah
hey guys it's me Jack I'm gonna talk
about this direct
alright you would have to you'd have to
have it so the cameras rolling before
you like done setting up like the
cameras are on then you see like you run
by and light goes on then you remind the
other white goes on and then you see me
run to the other cameras to turn that
log okay alright guys before they come
back
Jay Mike went out to grab some food I
got about 15 minutes to talk about
sister Anne you'll be talking about it
with like a homeless guy that you
obviously drag to be there just like a
dummy like a blow-up doll yep oh it
could be called high jacked that's not
me that's Zephyr kills Zephyr kills we
hijack review I like it
I liking I liking it let's see here
regarding 40k
apparently there's a gaming club in
Milwaukee where people play 40k also
starter sets are cheaper formed
especially to introduce you to friends
of the game great thank you let's see
here anonymous says Jack I know you are
waiting a bit to watch Twin Peaks in the
meantime the official Spotify playlist
for the series by Johnny Jewell is
smooth as fuck nice yeah I am waiting
you know I'm gonna wait a little bit
because I think there's another thing
ooh
propeller ok guess there is a there's
another thing on Showtime that I think
Lisa watches and so we're waiting for
that to come out then we'll buy Showtime
and I'll get to launch Twin Peaks but I
don't think it's gonna happen anytime
soon map pocket knives aren't so
important to speed is that a map would
be useful I need to locate them partner
maybe I know maybe I'll get lucky if gas
is over here yep it doesn't the next
Jack Reeve you have to be a whiz Lee
Snipes movies why break the streak
that's true I don't know if it will ever
see the light of day but I have already
filmed a review a long time ago I assume
that it just wasn't good and it will
never see the light of day
what do you thoughts on that Ridge I
remember which one it was right when I
did another review trying to remember
what which ones we talked about after we
did oh they did another one that one
never went up after we did demolition
man that let's guess I know after rich
and I did our demolition man review I am
smart got the gas on first yeah we we
did another review right afterwards that
still has not seen the light of day and
it's been long enough where I just
wonder if it was a dud possibly they've
had they've had enough content outward
like you know usually these kind of
things they just put up whenever they
was that bad huh I didn't think was that
bad I actually thought it was a really
good conversation but you know so I'm
not going to talk about I don't think
it's gonna go up there's another one
you're not there's another review that
did it the RBOB that's not instinctive
to my brain right I see the little icon
with the mouse though it's much easier
well right and it's like you just have
to focus on just the L or the our LR
yeah right yeah so wait you did another
review that has yet to see the light of
day yeah so there's two out in the wild
people
Oh Oh Jason's at the boat you see him
yeah don't forget about your Crouch I
want distance I'm worried about the
sense oh yeah when you locate people
with Jason do you do it
by no Angie do you do it by the read
sense
oh right sense but remember the crouch
might nullify the read sense you have
that perk right I don't know that I have
that perk we have that perk cooked up to
her all right if you are if you are
crouched there's a 24 percent chance
that he won't see you in his sentence
that if you're crouched as if you're
crouched I know I know I wish I could
see if like a bunch of blips are by the
car and I know the fucking of that car
he's someone said they dropped the keys
by the car I don't hear anything
yeah do you hear anything I don't hear
anything
maybe he went to go check out that car -
he can't spend all day by the boat no I
can't sounds like people are killed
cause he was trying to glitch yeah I
don't know where he said he was like
rats bearing crouched somewhere and he
just shot him alright yeah Jarvis all
right jack what currently dead game
series would you like to see get a
revival half-life
it's the fake happens it's the fake up
music yeah just checking out your map
check the traps of course you didn't set
any cops okay just l remember how our
I'll are you good at this huh are you
good at this I mean you can do it rich
boom can you see the thing I have map
huh see what Thanks oh you know you can
see the big red buoys I know where it is
I'm strapped
busy trapping mccartey
trapping a car
Oh son of a bitch yeah
I mean a forever yeah what Jason spends
that much time worrying about the boat I
hope they get the fucking car together
and get out of there Oh someone saw the
boat move now maybe you can get someone
a little bit closer all right let's see
here
KJ tb8 says hi guys finally got some
time off so I can catch stream live
what's with the hates of Australian time
zones you should start streaming at 2
a.m. your time that'd be good for rich
rich is a night owl I keep a quasi
normal schedule so probably wouldn't do
it
you don't want to be out on the road
that late sure that's the other thing 2
a.m. is when all the bars closed in
Milwaukee and you do not want to be in
oh no that's what all the cops are
looking to finish meeting their quotas
I've gotten a ticket at Tilley I'm just
for driving on the road no are you yeah
like a mile over or something but I'm
the only one around pull over and there
got to make that quota well more so
they're probably just looking for drunk
drivers and so you know you're my you're
Amaya
however you slice it you don't want to
be on the road at 2:00 a.m. because you
get pulled over for some bullshit reason
or because there's drunk drivers out
there's many reasons not to be on the
road that late she got my boat huh that
lady got my dick and she got out you
rich you saved that lady think about it
like that you directly led to saving
that lady so congratulations let's see
here captain Zorro says highjacked is
too good upon to not do anything with
I'll talk to the boys about it I'm gonna
guess that that's gonna end up to be a
big fat noop
I can make a whole series I'll go on the
I'll go on the half of the bag set and
do a half in the bag hijacked and it'll
just be my phone oh I'll get a selfie
stick and the whole thing I'll just be
with my phone on the selfie stick and
I'll sit on their set and do a quick
review in between best of the worst
stuff it'll be great three-way around
for the ship that's completely up to you
men completely up to you
I don't know if this is a good group of
people or not I wasn't really hanging
out with them I was trying to get out on
the book avoiding the firecrackers we go
into the combat stance and block you can
avoid the firecracker I'm pretty sure
that's not intended so it's bullshit
since people have figured that one out
it's made firecrackers useless yeah yeah
see here hey previous recorded I'm the
artist of a Nantucket re licensed comic
I included a reference to previously
recorded in issue number one can I send
a copy absolutely send it to the feel
box I'd love to see that I would love to
see that in Jack's America piracy is
punishable by death and you're up to no
good if you're on the road at night what
I'm what I'm saying is it's one it's if
a cop really pulls rich over for going
one over which I'm guessing that's an
exaggeration it's just like I'm sure
rich if something you know generally
speaking I would like to believe that
cops pull people over for legitimate
reasons number two I know that cops
don't pull people over for legitimate
reasons three it probably has less to do
with quotas and more to do with a random
drunk driving check which is still bull
sang then of course huh you think they
don't have quarters I know they do have
quarter okay sure they have quotas
because they're glorified tax collectors
no I'm saying no matter what it's a bull
it's bullshit
I'm agreeing with you that it's bullshit
I'm just saying like it's for I'd like
to think that maybe they're pulling you
over just
check your breath to see if you smell
like booze you know if you don't
investigate actual crimes you you're a
police officer your job is to generate
revenue yes yes yes random drunk driving
checks are against the law well you know
they have checkpoints but uh but I'm
well that's what I'm saying if rich was
speeding and it's past 2:00 a.m. here
that's that's a night that's a nice
reason for a cop to come up and smell
your breath for booze I fully fully
believe that police pull people over all
the time for not doing anything wrong
when we moved to the suburbs
oh man the cops they were on power trips
yeah Jesus Christ suburbs are the worst
suburbs are the worst when we moved from
the farm to the suburbs cops cops be
harassing us all the time we have a full
stream nobody in know Jason's no we
won't be Jason once it seems strange but
that's how it works well now you get
another chance to sprint to the car get
gas and real quick like I said earlier
though the whole scenario was playing
out what it can't what's the count now
for for Jason Jason leaving I think
that's for tonight easy you win Oh oh
yeah no I'd leave some weight we got
that going for us
sorry scoffs blowing us over but no I'm
no I was I was just getting into a
semantical argument where and any no
matter what it was a bullet it's
bullshit reasons but maybe maybe it's
safety bullshit reasons instead of money
bullshit reasons don't trust the cops I
never never fools ain't shit fuck plus
the plus multiple ways
fools ancient plus fuck the pigs hey old
ramen what flavor are you you mentioned
in one shrine me I don't know how long
ago that you used to play D&D; would you
ever think of streaming a session of a
mighty fighter pants guy my D
situation is I had a very good friend
who played a lot of TV and he invited me
to join up with his D&D; group and I went
to one you know the Indian and everyone
in the group was a big asshole towards
me and did not make me feel very welcome
I will probably would really enjoy D&D;
but i just-i can't-- getting into it now
I wouldn't be able to just because of
time resources investment and Sonu might
be in the situation is someone tried to
bring me into the DMV group and the rest
of the group was a big asshole towards
me because I was trying to understand
how the game worked and they were
treating me like I was an idiot you
never really did it yeah yeah so I never
really never role played the RLI member
who was under role-playing was Mike I
bet it would be incredibly fun like I
you know I when I did comedy Sportz like
creating characters creating situations
I have no doubt that I would really
enjoy myself possible possible possible
dare I say likely two dots
we got two dots people so I'm sure I
would really enjoy D&D; but unfortunately
never really got into it where we go
first where's the phone
gotta move that a bit closer but I'm
dumb up where Higgins I'm like against
the old double trap Stratton yeah makes
too much sense oh yeah I've played
munchkin I like munchkin that's a that's
a fun card game up ace way too far away
oh hello power box
fuck you Jason I love that for what else
he gonna say to Jason now
howdy I'm Holly five thousand no one
says that anymore get out of town
choose one Stevie Wonder or Elton John
Stevie Wonder rich I don't care either
way
not into Stevie Wonder or Elton John
Elton John has some decent hits but if I
can only listen to one okay Stevie
Wonder no disrespect to Sir Elton John
Elton John played X Whedon's it migrated
oh oh he's got the battery yep there's a
high-priority target Oh someone's trying
to fix something
got it for me right
no traps are still there huh
nice gogogogo casein make them suffer
anybody
I'll play the game
and I just like hey buddy
my Stabbin as I'm loaded unlimited I
don't know about yours second
oh right across the kisser a bunch of
people doing a bunch of shit rich fuck
you
yes head pump into you while you were
shifting they deserve to die Jason make
them suffer
alright this cars priority right yeah I
mean it's a four-seater they got the we
know they have the battery who knows if
they have gas or not right yeah just
keep checking in on that boat
of there's gas gas
oh that's a dumb idea Oh planned oh he's
got key oh man no they got keys hold
trap it up trap paid off
in fact rats
there's guys are idiots
sorry
that's a good stun oh shit
nice driving stay next to that door
catch mascot they got your mask off you
can never die
where they go I left you
they left you friend yeah that's a great
killer it's you're doing great but now
you gotta get back to that car make them
suffer like oh yeah the lord of the rats
did you turn off your music yeah house
hunt them down and make them look at
them all look at them all rich
I'm not afraid over how they come to us
we can hear you
oh and firecrackers they're gonna get
greedy
oh they got greedy they got greedy they
waited for everyone they would have
gotten out of there if one of their
friends didn't go on nope
too close too close oh this is great
slum come here
yeah letting me love come here no rich
is all out of traps you can't set any
more traps that guy has a flare gun he
can stun rich
oh whoa yeah yeah Oh fine battle though
rich fine battle all right you gotta
listen they were so close to eggs and
you killed like a mother what are you
saying
huh what do you say I think he just said
fuckin shit like I don't know if he said
he aint fuckin shit
it might have said that but you killed a
lot of people I wouldn't call that a
fail I think I think that was pretty
good though that was pretty close did he
say cheated rich here's you know here's
the thing
after you be Jason for a long enough or
after you fought and Jason long enough
you understand that if Jason is next to
the driver side door yeah you can't get
in
is it a bitch move kind of like I'm not
saying it's wrong rich I'm not saying
it's wrong but it's it's kind of
exploitative not super they weren't
organized okay where's oh yeah and
here's the thing it's not a bitch move
because organized campers are totally
gonna own Jason yes yeah it's how much
trouble that was and they got out I
think
random counselor Nabal's it's a bitch
move if you playing against people who
are just boobs in the first place
sure sure it's not in the spirit it will
like end but to see that's the thing
where it's like it's not in the spirit
of the game but it's in the game and
they were really good and it's a good
strategy mm-hmm you know like obviously
you can't stand by the door all the time
or else they'll just leave a different
one yeah you have to move from the door
eventually so I'm not I'm not saying
it's even like the worst of the bitch
moves but it's just one of those you
know it's one of those things so many
lady parts move of course it's a bitch
move like pausing FTL every three
seconds no that's part it's part of the
game
pausing FTL Jason standing by the door
woman Lily don't pull over if they play
off deal didn't you have a victory No
that Pizza trainee 11 puts it in a very
nice way which is you play to win not to
be polite yes thank you piece of train
that's the best way to put it
oh this is like the worst starting
location in the game I'm gonna search
and die in this house and I don't really
care I hate this map so much
right by the car yeah the phone's box
probably right here Miriam so Jason's
coming any second now as soon as he
picks up his two knives he'll be there
and fine if I don't find anything useful
I'll probably just let him kill me I'm
gonna be dead honest with you oh yeah
and then I'll go find a game on a map
that doesn't suck trapped rats yeah so
many people use these doors firecrackers
which are now broken because Jason could
just guard through them mm-hmm how does
not as useful as they once were maybe
this house doesn't have the phone I have
the phone but this whole house I found
nothing giant house giant fucking house
upstairs I'll be honest I just wanted to
see a rich win ya know he was he was on
the right path
he made a calculated move to go after
the one guy with the flare gun and
because Rob did not come up fast enough
for some reason I wasn't saying kill
prompt well yeah sometimes it's been
just the right position and because they
they were working the counselors were
working together wait was there someone
before the culture is it trap in the
trash nobody follow me I thought gas or
a battery but you do you have anything
at all you might have a key that's like
you're at your waist off at that point
you just say I've got keys right right
we're almost out here I found keys
halfway across Matt from the car yeah
does anybody have gas or a battery or a
pocketknife to disarm the traps or
something to stun Jason with or Jan and
Jan bear in ski I have a feeling that
this comment is meant to like start some
shit because why
the Jambor in ski says Jack are you
still anti emulation which you know I'm
pretty vocally anti emulation and I
can't imagine anything that would have
changed my mind recently so I feel like
this comment you just wanted to start
some shit and I just didn't want to
leave it hang there because it was such
a friend comment so you guys know how I
feel rich is getting mad no I'm not are
you getting mad no rich rich first of
all settle down
you're acting up
yes
I guess I'm branded to the four-seater
yeah
am i still anti Rick and Morty there we
go that's something way more
controversial no I just feel kind of mad
about it and I just didn't do it you
know it didn't sink in for me
I have no hard feelings about Rick and
Morty except for I don't like that he
burps all the time but
yes a chickadee monster I I'm still anti
emulation even after the last comment
that's but that's dick checking maybe
well let's see you know what rich ever I
know people might be lying and making
fun of me but I actually do like this
shirt a lot I got it on sale at Target
and I think it's a great chair it's a
fine shirt jacket fine sure there's a
fine shirt
fine fine shirt last week my mom took my
boys for most of the week and so Lisa
and I were childless for like six days
in a row and it was amazing and the real
reason I'm wearing this shirt is because
I spent most of that time eating out at
nice restaurants restaurants that you
can't take children to and so I spent
the last week eating a lot of really
good food and so I feel incredibly
bloated and
button-up shirts kind of help distract
cars gas already alright oh shit
there was something they left it by the
car this one I think this is a
two-seater guy doesn't know what's going
on
no any board games that I played
recently that I want to talk about yeah
you know I played a an interesting board
game we talked about a gift keys I know
the two-seaters by the lodge we're
taking us to the floor
hey that's Jimmy James hey I'm back from
the dead guys oh yeah it feels great to
be loved just to die again I know like
I'm there and you know what some
people's kids can handle like nicer
restaurants but you know we've talked
about mine being picky eaters and so
excuse me excuse me we don't want this
slow-smoked
pulled pork sandwich do you have any
chicken
it's he the gas is trapped unless
somebody has a pocketknife to disarm it
they didn't hear that because you're
removing the camera gas has a trap on it
have less somebody has pocketknife all
right okay hit C all right then let's
let's find keys before we spring it all
right Jimmy James yeah I might be doing
it oh thank you keys shotgun to the face
I did not see keys in any of those
corpses but some nuts I don't know I was
not paying attention range over a stick
yeah
wrench over a stick you don't really
have to search through the court corpses
you know you can see the little white
circle and you can tell pretty quickly
if I have any keys Tiberius says let's
all go to the same house that seems
secure right well somebody's getting out
with a car someone took the car yeah
that one dickhead Oh Chad's a dick see
it but this is why you stick with a
group because now you have many people
to defend against Jason yep
so if rich can get in there there's a
possibility if you can stun them does
that block it goes really
Oh
and somebody hit Jason somebody not
smart enough to go out and try and stun
him with something I'm deliberately not
doing it it's just gonna night the whole
Dasia right someone stun him while we
start the car I did see Chad fly up like
that look at Chad stuck and he got up to
spray himself with medical spray look at
Chad yeah make it a good clean fight
good clean fight oh poor Chad
I mean he did try to escape without you
so it's kind of deserved it's almost
10:00 it's almost done so you know we've
been going for about four hours yeah one
more one more
okay one more we caught up and
everything uh yeah yeah we're caught up
on everything we're just uh I'm just
checking out the chat and see what you
guys were up to a lot of you know no F
yeah no F for chat look at that eight
out of eight kills congratulations Jason
congratulations you did it a lot of
people mentioning tums festivals they
must be having some sort of heartburn
I don't think that one's gonna catch on
as much as people hope it does rich
that's fine just keep sending me tums in
the mail yeah no you would hate that my
oh yeah I would hate it if you said tums
to be in the mail like if someone sent
you a big box of tough to rub it in as
like a joke
then you got that wrong about the Tom's
festival you would hate having a big box
of Tom's sent to the PIO box they got
all the minute the video got over I
think so I think so but some people some
people think it's funny don't alan
stanwyk Scott staying Park Tom's
Festival maybe maybe it was pretty funny
it was pretty funny Jay made it you know
he really runs it I couldn't bear to
watch it oh he rubbed the salt in that
wound man yeah yeah I mean of course it
did oh yeah yeah absolutely
oh yeah I would hate it if you sent beer
in the mail - that would suck like all
of the nice beer from around the world
that we've gotten has been terrible it's
clogged up the refrigerator Hey
possible yeah you were just Jason there
yeah no I don't want to be a counselor
alright oh yeah like throwing away all
those beer cans and beer bottles it's a
big hassle I mean let me tell you the
secret about this game yeah Jason a lot
of people want to be Jason the best time
you have in this game or ever my escape
earlier in the car that's it so much
more fun than killing everybody is Jason
you know I I think it's it's inversely
related at the beginning of the game you
want to be Jason more yeah because Jason
is an easier character to be and you
know it's very satisfying killing
everyone but then as you go through it's
more challenging and therefore more fun
to be a counselor agreed and but you
know what I agree that encephalopathy
t'k like being Jason has a pressure you
do it like if you're a shitty Jason you
it makes you feel bad your sheet
accounts like yeah you know Jason killed
me that's not a big deal but you don't
kill everyone then you feel worthless
performance anxiety absolutely I've had
those games I've had those games where
like everyone got away and afterwards I
apologize where I'm just I don't know
guys I don't know what happened I'm
really sorry and luckily the group I was
with was really nice so yeah I don't
know that happened sometimes like yeah
you guys just beat me you beat me and
that happens but like I didn't kill one
of you
now it's feeling being Tommy Jarvis also
feels worthless because then you know
you've failed at some point ah no you
could be Tommy Jarvis for escaping
can you yeah oh I don't know if I've
ever gotten that I had a real nice match
where I got oh no I want to do that I
got I got out on the boat like really
early I spent 90% of the matches Tommy
Jarvis and here's the thing you don't
get extra points for escaping twice
Tommy I had free rein just to be a hero
and do it over the fuck I wanted sure
sure it's like ice - Tommy Tommy so I
went over by the the car saw some people
were trying to get out with the car help
them escape hey shot Jason and when they
started the engine I was just
distracting Jason I wasn't worried about
getting in the car they started driving
away and I'm just like keep going keep
going
save yourself yeah I don't get any extra
points keep going in fact if I knock
Jason down then I get extra points yeah
so then uh because I know I know what
Jason does when there's a car on the
loose and I he was just standing still I
knew he was looking at the map yeah
looking forward they were driving I
sucked up behind him before he could
tell apart right I hit him with a
baseball bat knocked him over nice and
they had a chance to escape nice so you
were a survivor and a hero yeah then I
got the phone in those are just a
fantastic match when I got out in the
boat yeah
help help two people get out on the car
and then after that I actually got the
fuse in
no don't anything okay over that right
now he's waiting by the dock you said
let's go
yeah but Jason didn't see the propeller
wait we can't get out now
he's gonna kill hope I just can come
you might have moved on to him it's a
more he moved on to her she's dead made
he knows we're going for the boat he's
if he's not an idiot he's not gonna let
up we just need to get out of here when
he comes back looking for me
yeah then we need to lay low okay I'm
with you I like the strategy I think
it's great the tube master I'm reading
chat every once in a while I'm trying to
pay attention to the game I'm talking to
rich from reading chat all right there
you go to master protip yeah you cannot
get out on the boat if Jason knows what
you're up to
Corinne is way too easy for him to kill
you on the boat yeah the boat is the
stealth option you can get out under his
nose unless he's looking down then
you're dead
yeah and it's it's a one button kill for
him if you're on the boat technically
two but yeah you there's no there's
nothing you can do to defend against it
one thing
the propeller was right here she took it
Oh what's she done wait he came back as
Tommy or he ran away they think I'm dead
yeah waiting for the heat to die down
there's no way you're getting out in the
boat if he knows what you're doing
North he meet me by the boat I think it
might be safe to go back down now
okay can you use the sweater on Jason
while swimming I don't think so yes I
read this right now I wonder
are you fucking serious
all right we're not getting on that boat
zombie unfortunately yeah
he knows what's up he knows what's up
how poor is my eyesight poor ish without
my glasses on I hard for me to read
stuff it's far away but you know I can
man it's not it's not the worst so the
two aren't dead already are they one two
three there's there's three other people
three other people
yo Jason can hear you talking if you are
near Jason
it's a good kill yeah I like that guys -
could kill he didn't follow rich into
the barn because what he did work well
there's there's only like there's one
big exit to the bar yeah you just wait
he probably turned off his scary music
and just wait I was pretty I was pretty
screwed once he focus in on me and not
the other two the barn is a really bad
place to be in general like you never
know which exits window will be open one
big area usually I the barn is a bad
place to be I guess I guess that's it
yeah yeah that's kind of him unless you
feel like doing one more but no that was
pretty good you oh yeah we got some
Jason time I mean listen we kind of
peaked after you did that car circle I
know the first 10 minutes of them I know
so you know anything else anything else
is just it's just cake as far as I'm
concerned so you know great the axe
furrow might be your favorite death
I like the axe or a lot I'm I'm partial
to the punching someone's head off
because it's so dumb and the the pickaxe
turned the head all the way around head
stomps not babby a pickaxe is pretty
damn good spear through the face been
slowly pulling out through the other
sides not bad
stick the spear on the ground slowly
slide their head down it's a favorite of
mine there's another one for the axe to
where you just slowly push the head on
the axe yeah that's a good one we we
caught up on tips we are caught up on
tips yeah punching that punching the
head off is dumb and that's why I love
it
bazoom that's on the floor it's a it's
on the floor they're talking about the
game is what they do on the weekend what
did you get the best at worst yeah best
of the worst breath of the wild dlc no I
don't hear it's the combat dungeon
whatever I'll take a look when the last
ones out I don't even know if I'm gonna
bother to play the whole game again just
for that right yeah I know I also did
not get the graphical on VLC I don't
really care all right let's see this is
the point of the stream in which we
thank all the people who have subscribed
to us during this stream much like
spambot 8/8
who says six months whoo the a C's is
five fucking months just trying to slide
step though they've both fucking
loophole usually we only say the amount
of month that's one has subscribed if
it's over a year these people found a
nice little loophole moki be 85 oh my
god mochi pants down Jack we got it's in
the bag rich you got to go to the bag
for mochi no we did it in this one yeah
we did it in this one yep Oh remember I
fixed it all right all right wait oh
you're right there okay ready mochi b85
for thirty six fucking months in a row
there we go look we did something I
remember now thirty six fucking months
in a row and our confetti is working we
did all right and mochi b85 says three
year anniversary all and all I ask is
more X come and more glaring technical
issues well we fixed this one either way
I'll be fine for me much love to my
records Thank You mochi Thank You mochi
captain and Xaro
phasis yeah
did you just call me blob rotoscoping
who says ask the Canadians to send you
some poutine it's delicious there we
have poutine here we have food scene
here in fact you go to a vanguard in
Milwaukee if you're ever in Milwaukee
look up Vanguard
they have delicious poutine robot not a
robot 101 says another month still no
work but soon I graduated might be to do
or prime again thanks for all the fun
hope the five dollar helps maybe I'll
get to see this message
maybe I'll get to see this message this
time around we appreciate it not a robot
beer Meister 2089 421 fucking months in
a row beer Meister says 21 months fuck
yeah yo Kitty double one says oh goody I
thought twitch fucked me on my length of
time subbed captain s WC render unto me
urbis and aether for 13 months in a row
sir Danforth sucks seven months that's
the butt plug anniversary starts out
uncomfortable but then you start to get
into it I get it
power fantasy who says resub me
automatically Amazon don't you know I
want to support these hacks forever
Thank You gerald Belen swagger says
thanks for the years of entertainment
guys no problem you're welcome juror
problem dude f s 1 to 7 captain jerk
says four months and it was worth it
just to see rich out skill purple Jason
always enjoy the streams thanks guys you
love them very long we're like I'll have
to see if if we can just twitch
highlight highlight cuz that circle
driving was so fucking good there's a
lot of almost tonight that was the one
that was that was that was perfect right
of course almost got out my own a
two-seater it was stupid that's all
right yeah hold on we're done with this
round
so we'll just why don't you go sit and
sit in the tent while we're waiting
oh no I'll just go out to the menu
because then we get that nice Jason
picture hold on get us out of here knows
that were you gonna do that oh yeah oh
yeah that's where you go to do that oh
sorry I need you to alt-tab book oh wait
no no I don't never mind
lol boom there we go um are you ready
for X Mensa you didn't I only grabbed
one you gotta grab a handful of them
rich it's a great idea it's something
special like grab a couple of them just
in case that's why it's special X Mensa
436 fucking months in a row expensive
says toddler I hardly knew her
yeah bars one and one sturm oh alright
Frisco Jones 4:30
or fucking months in a row bars one and
one stirrer said have a nice day or have
a day have that nice just have a day I
think we did okay we maybe just don't
die that's what okay well I you know
what having a day I think is more than
that like they want you to do something
to cause like what if you sit inside all
day don't do anything don't watch
anything you just said fucking that
motherfucking right because 36 is still
fucking after and the 36 is the confetti
37 is starting the motherfucking just to
the motherfucking on 36 we do the
confetti on 36 we do both cheap bastard
we have not set specific rules for when
we start the motherfucking I assumed it
was 37 there so why would it be 37
because we do a special thing for 36 a
thing that we only do the special thing
is that we get the same motherfucking
that's the special part but what about
the confetti so they get double special
it's three years I get it but then
anything else with that money that's
true no I guess that's dry I mean that's
fire that's fair I listen I in my head I
had the rules differently so that's fine
that was Frisco Jones rich Frisco Jones
eff poon double-oh-seven
space Comeau 434 fucking months in a row
hotdog dr. Cornelius flying dog 77 Lakin
for twenty four fucking months in a row
lake hun says 36 mother fucking months
in a row how strange is it that that
comes up right after we had conversation
that seems that seems too good there a
Dipity jack code to be coincidental
serendipity apparently where are we were
ad
Pez freak who says I love you guys keep
up the great work
a Michele 87 says 34 34 fuckin ones that
are out first they say no 34 months and
it feels so good
more Captain James May gobbly gook s'
435 fucking monster roses I want a
hamburger know what cheeseburger I want
a hot dog I want a milkshake there you
go
nobody goes already half to 36 we're
going down there I could swear they had
a 36 earlier let's see here W W 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 1 0 who says for the record
it's w w 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 not 12
billion 345 million six hundred seventy
eight thousand nine hundred and ten well
there you go okay well there you go
I Baines this double zero Fresno Bob who
says thanks rich and Jack for equal
parts entertainment and aggravation
see that's that you know what that is
that's honest that's honesty right there
the dude 1944 for 30 fucking months in a
row just 30 months when do I get
confetti at 36 months you also get a
motherfucker than you know apparently
you also get a motherfucking saying it's
like doubles and blah Matic pop
emblematic pop before I said it like
awkwardly in stiltedly
came I happened to ventually emblematic
pop says hit him with the Hein scarecrow
because movie for 17 months in a row
says thanks for all the fun fellow
disciples
hashtag let Jack drop the plinky no ball
never I know I will of course I will
of course I will see past the shit
Eric Kirk the bird man I was Mike for 30
fucking months and roses hey guys great
to see you this might be one of the last
live streams I get to catch as I will be
going back to studying soon important
loves spending time with you guys cheers
well goodbye guys Mike Mike with your
studies cheers how's Mike sub sonic Bell
who says has rlm ever thought of making
appearances at Comic / pop culture
conventions as guests or exhibitors
we've done it in the past we haven't
done it in a while there's no immediate
plans to visit busy making videos
crabman is 69 Chuck Fox who says I
subbed two days ago but it's letting me
share my anniversary today let's hope
you guys can see this Chuck my Fox cool
thank you
welcomes the clown for 29 fucking months
in a row grandma oh no sorry great um oh
one collecting data or data however
you're supposed to pronounce it which I
believe Star Trek TNG changed the way
most people pronounce data
I think Dada Dada was the common usage
German pronunciation before TNG because
of data because the date of the
character I think now people just say
data when it's probably more accurate to
say data or I wonder if it's a potato
potato and the thing is a potato potato
kind of thing but I think it changed
which one was common hmm interesting
I lost it on the screen sure says thanks
for the murder rampage there's a minor
murder rap
today I mean there's pretty pretty much
Ali raza for 17 months in a row says
thanks for the shared shirt
it's shirt I don't know what shirt them
we gave you
I thought Ali rasa was gonna say thanks
for the shit and it took me by surprise
that it said shirt Val 5001 low-tom says
ah it's tip call-out time and I have
nothing to say my name is tape for 25
fucking months in a row says hi
