Nov 26, 2017
Little Nightmares, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/205611112
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/205613187
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/205618586
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGNAGIzvM7c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhACqhr1vxc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUrI2Wg-ZHc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/934875582453682176

[Part I]
there are no problems in theory but you
know we always think there's not going
to be a problem
choices and there always is I wouldn't
want to mess up the bingo card soon soon
enough we won't they won't get the
technical problems bingo card they'll
just they'll get the they talk about
technical problems because it's a thing
of the past rich it's a thing of the
thing in the past we're live hey welcome
welcome everybody how y'all doing so
what is this game this game is little
nightmares which I remember either
during one of the e3 or one of those
times and it has an amazing trailer to
it full of creepy imagery and weirdo
things but it looks very similar to
inside or limbo or you know where it's
like a quasi puzzle solver but it's more
just about creepy atmosphere yeah so
that's the impression I got yeah which
I'm okay with it looks it looks NEETs in
a shirt again I wanted to play and more
importantly rich it's on sale how much
wasn't it was 10 bucks senpai doesn't
audibles news no it hasn't been out it's
it's been out long enough long enough
maybe a year it's been out long enough
where we might not have wanted to play
it already but holy shit yeah hi nothing
but trouble
hey Ozzie long-awaited yeah nothing but
trouble review finally came out it's
been sitting on the back burner
simmering just just wait since we talked
about it way back when it's been it's
been a gaining flavor it's been of
course not
of course I understand there are other
priorities absolutely
a true-blue review we played ruiner we
didn't like it on stream when you played
it I didn't play it look super amazing I
did not like it
so for those of you keeping track we
shot that review review thank you the
nothing but trouble review the exact
same day that we did our demolition man
review did we do the same thing we did
it back to back rich which in shirts we
changed shirts and we swap sides we did
demolition man first you know I hate to
talk about and then we change search
shirts and swap sides so but I think
that's how you got to do reviews I think
that was the smart call because then we
just had to down and they could work on
him whenever they wanted to we got two
guys editing everything we do pretty
much right and you know it's not a super
high priority no no and really the whole
purpose of that I mean both of the
reviews or reviews in general is just
like to fill in the gaps when there's
you know nothing you know knew half the
bag know knew best to the word I say I
will put a review out and so we just had
that one lying around waiting it's a
really no part in the movie that made me
chuckle or laugh and nothing but trouble
not really laughs I mean fascinated I
think it's interesting I think it's
weird it's not funny its interest yes
yes it's not the same no saying it's not
funny it's not the same thing as saying
I hate it right I hated it I wouldn't
even want to talk about it
but I do find it interesting a peak in
the dead average mind yes I do hate
Chevy Chase in it he's awful he is a
comedy vacuum which is really bizarre
it's because he tries to riff what was
the what's the Johnny Carson quote quote
about Chevy Chase I don't know this
Johnny Carson famously said Chevy Chase
couldn't improvise a fart in a bean
eating contest or something of that name
I like he Johnny Carson really hated
Chevy Chase a lot of people really
huh and and this is a lot of Chevy Chase
trying to trying to ad-lib and and it's
terrible Chevy Chase was unfortunately
so burden yeah he's terrible no matter
what is he like he's really good in
certain situations but not in nothing
but trouble man and he tries to get
little one-liners in there he tries to
get little quips and oh that every
single one of them falls flat on their
goddamn face
yeah it's great so ok so let's play a
little nightmares and talk about stuff
we won't talk about Justice League yet
in case anyone hasn't seen it yet later
I literally I don't I don't think I have
anything to say about it there's not
enough there's not enough to talk about
it's a very empty movie it's a very very
empty movie but oh yeah just in case
someone wanted to skip past it we won't
do it he couldn't add leap Oh the quote
is he couldn't ad-lib a fart at a baked
bean dinner
thank you Sunday
there won't be anything that special
about our Justice League chat because
it's a very boring movie but what I you
know what I can talk about rich I can
talk about the fact that at Universal
Studios Hollywood there is a water world
stunt show that's exactly the face that
I made when I found out a water world
stunt show I think is this recent are
they trying to appeal to hipsters no it
has it was built right when the movie
came out in 1995 yeah and it has been
running since then these live-action
stunt show has been more popular than
the movie I can imagine
yes and you know what it's really good
it's a really good live-action stunt
show
they have like toasters for Waterworld
posters like well how do the analogy
Waterworld in this stunt Cheryl how do
they acknowledge what show a Waterworld
stunt show entail and what do they do
for like all of the people around these
days who have no idea what Waterworld
even is because it came out 22 years ago
oh I got trapped in a bucket
great question okay no so by stunt show
I mean there is a giant stage in front
of a huge pool of water that is built to
look like one of the outposts of
Waterworld you know all the rusty
contraptions the big gate and it's in a
big pool of water like people ride
around in jet skis and stuff okay it
takes place chronologically after the
events of Waterworld the movies do a lot
of explaining I'm what oh yeah no
there's like a big like John LaFontaine
voice-over beforehand going the Mariner
is returning to the land of Waterworld
who is the baron
like Helen and if you don't remember
Helen is the name of the girl in
Waterworld no I don't remember no no one
knows
Helen returns
the the bad guys back what a dennis
hopper's character dennis hopper's
character he's back the mariner comes
back there's fighting a guy gets set on
fire rich a guy gets set on fire it's
called the hydro punk okay here's the
thing
I'm insured that's got to be a joke it's
great it's great
it's it's an amazing stunt show so
what's what's going on I don't know I'm
just walking around we're talking about
water the Waterworld stunt show rich
nothing else okay I can crouch I can
jump and I can light a match or a
lighter
nothing else matters because there is a
currently running Waterworld stunt show
and I was so excited to watch it I
actually saw it twice I thought I forced
my family to go to the water so you
didn't go alone no I forced my family to
go to the stunt show with me twice
what's wrong with you because it was
great can I know but the kids loved it
the kids loved the Waterworld stunt show
you know people punching each other
there's like zip lines there there were
there were explosions there's fireworks
there's people riding on boats it's a
it's a great old time man it's I can
only assume Disney still doing the
Indiana Jones stunt Cheryl Ladd I can
understand still paying an operation of
course that makes perfect sense water
stuck show that's that's something else
entirely right yeah so I can't have a
face is there gonna be some kind of
creepy reveal yeah it's like a doll face
thing
there's gonna be something weird about
this kid yeah probably you know what
probably but you know you know that
here's the weirdest part
yeah at the Waterworld stunt show no
merch anywhere well of course not why
not they have if they have a if they
have a giant chunk of their theme park
in which they have no space to expand
dedicated to Waterworld you're telling
me they can't have a t-shirt you they
can't make it a little like I cuz I
would have bought a t-shirt well I think
the question is why do they still have a
Waterworld show because it's incredibly
popular it rich it was filled to
capacity at both showings I'm telling
you and this is not this is not a small
theater this was a giant audience
section like hundreds of people were
there for the Waterworld stunt show huh
yes uh-huh and it was packed both times
and the audience loved it both times it
was amazing but why not why not have any
merch why not put out a Waterworld uh
people liked the show they don't care
about the movie
yeah movie my guess well obviously they
may have had merch at one time it
probably just didn't sell I need it I
need it anyone know where I can get it
you let me know I need some Waterworld
merch I'm putting it on my Christmas
list oh that's creepy
you have to hold down the button I have
a creepy little doll now this game all
style and no substance I don't know I
haven't done any puzzles yet we're about
to find out this looks to be our first
puzzle so I have this creepy little doll
that I'm sure I'm supposed to do
something with put it more directly in
the light I can go in this bucket no but
like they've they've updated some of
their rides over at Universal they've
gotten rid of stuff that wasn't popular
more they got rid of the Terminator
experience but they can't do you
understand why the Waterworld Sun show
is so important to me now rich like like
they have they have of the mummy ride
based off of the Brendan Fraser mummy
oh okay not the new not the new mummy
but you know what the mummy is like okay
that that doesn't even need to be tied
to a movie that's just like The Mummy
right right right
they still have the jurassic park ride
and you go okay well Jurassic Park
Jurassic Park that's an all-time class
of course it's the psycho house
something that's still there that's
still on the tour yeah yeah that's a
timeless classic of course jaws timeless
classic of course of course I'm the
studio to Waterworld well I see here's
the thing rich the psycho house the jaws
thing that's part of the same ride the
studio tour right right that's part of
one isolated thing you know two small
parts of one big thing the Waterworld
stunt show has its own wing of the park
yeah dedicated to like the lines that
form to get in it it's amazing it is
utterly cost extra to get in to see it
or something no it's not it is not it's
part of it's part of the package
Shah's was even torn out of the Orlando
location wait so the Universal Studios
theme park no longer has jaws well one
of them apparently they're multiple
Universal Studios Hollywood in Orlando
really yeah I didn't know there were two
there's there is another word to
Disney's yeah Disney World on Disney
Land what happens if you just climb in
that hole on the wall well yeah that's
probably I'm supposed to do I'm just
seeing if there's anything extra I can
do I know what I'm supposed to do rich
but I just want to see what I can fuck
around with three Disney's Euro Disney
doesn't count but didn't they close Euro
Disney is it slow is that still opening
I thought it was a horrible flop Euro
Disney World
yeah
yeah I got toilet paper oh look at that
rich there's creepy imagery yeah you see
yeah hang with that man humming to
himself see if I can grab on to him I'll
see if I can grab on to him nope nope I
cants okay I get it trying to pull the
chair over just waiting for a puzzle or
something happen well it's still - this
is still like teaching you controls okay
I'm okay with it so far like I got to
pull this chair over oh come on come on
get up there
no we're not turning on that is we've
probably turned it off for the break for
the break
you know stuff I might have ran out of
battery so it wasn't plugged in er no
hang out well there you go
I love theme park trivia anytime it's
I'm telling you people I'm telling it
first of all go see the Waterworld stunt
show it is amazing it's live action you
know there's people that do like the
punches a guy gets set on fire I won't
spoil anything for you but yeah there's
some there's some showstoppers there's
some absolute showstoppers
it's worth it I mean it's not it's
probably a price of admission but if
you're there already go see the
Waterworld stunt show I'm telling you
Chad I've I've never seen dr. Detroit
dr. Detroit and I seen my stepmother is
an alien but I was younger and actually
kind of liked it what is that one that's
the Kim Basinger Kim Basinger was basic
arose at Daryl Hannah Oh Daryl Hannah
splash you might be confusing she met on
both um ooh
you know what and now it's fuzzy for me
yeah I don't think that was Kim Basinger
Jack chat saying Basinger wow I'm wrong
basing her basement you were basing her
Daryl Hannah
it's pronounced Daryl Hannah ah well
there you go
did Dan Akroyd to write that one as well
I don't know if he wrote on he was
starting it he also starred in dr.
Detroit was completely forgotten about
and I've never seen it I'm just we're
you know you're with its existence sure
like I'm less interested in stuff like
that I want to see the stuff that he
wrote and directed and had complete
control over like nothing but trouble
right right that's the stuff that's
interesting that's it that's raizy stuff
the fact that he directed nothing but
trouble is what makes that interesting
agree I think we're just talking about
movies of Dan Aykroyd was in he was been
a lot of things that were good yeah and
he's been in some things that were bad
but that's not necessarily his fault
right yeah I mean he's just an actor too
yeah so someone run this way oh I'm just
want to check it out really quick
Trading Places Oh
like that - head on fire nope okay oh
hey you can hug him nothing but trouble
is the only thing he directed no shit
Oh does it
after I hug him does he follow me yeah I
don't remember I'll never remember
you'll never remember the password rich
you know what the password is it's the
only password I've ever used I want to
be I just don't feel right typing that
him
there
so we've got a refrigerator yep and a
little a little guy with that thing came
out a little a little man who I hugged
and I don't know what that did but I
hugged him and and it like made a noise
like it made a congratulations noise and
this is not the same studio that did
inside or the other one limbo limbo I
don't think so I think this is a a
direct ripoff of what they do
oh okay okay oh that okay yeah that
kills you apparently yes it's a direct
ripoff of what they do is what I'm going
to say
nice try rich that came out at the same
time all right well then it's just a
ripoff of inside or Limbaugh then it's
just a ripoff of limbo it's fine it's
the atmospheric puzzle-solving thingy
it's fine
it's all fine it's all fine
all right valium bloodshot says I think
we can all agree with this regarding
Justice League you can't polish a turd
but Whedon did his best to make this
turd a bit more presentable sure okay so
I guess it's just gonna start so heads
up we're gonna talk about Justice League
it's probably gonna be spoilers it won't
matter is my warning it really doesn't
like the synopsis you would read on the
back of the box would count as a spoiler
for Justice League right so it's gonna
happen now rich our here's here's some
here's some rehears some real talk yeah
I'm actually a little upset that they
brought Wheaton in to fix it yeah
because at least if we would have gotten
Zack Snyder's original vision it would
have been a horrible fiery mess probably
and that at least would have been
something interesting to talk about
weren't you sing to me is who gets the
blame
what blame for the movie tanking but
it's you know near a hundred million
dollar opening weekend there's something
horribly wrong with the way Hollywood
operates now when you can nearly make a
hundred million dollars for your opening
weekend and it's considered a letdown
they're doing things horribly wrong now
it's just how much it costs to make the
movie right that's how it works but but
to the executives to the suits blame
Whedon or Snyder
Snyder yeah of course that's the whole
reason why we Tain's in there in the
first place the the thing that tanked
Justice League was dawn of Justice and
the suits knew that going in okay
the suits knew that going in and so all
they were trying to do was some sort of
damage control and that is just the
whole reason why we tonneaus brought in
in the first place was was Saxon Tokra
Zack Snyder damage control so you've
heard that totally did not look like a
gap that looked like I'd hit the wall
that did yeah and well and I thought I
could maybe jump on the there was like a
little like pipe that maybe I could jump
on button blame cavil for the
million-dollar CG IRA sure no no you
can't blame him he was under contract to
do a different yeah and he was nice
enough to come back for the reshoots at
all right he did not have to come back
to the reshoots mission impossible
they're under no fucking obligation to
did lose one of their actors mustache to
deal with that headache cuz cuz fucking
Warner Brothers fucked up with Justice
League abso-fucking-lutely henry cavill
gets no blame if and you know the
Mission Impossible guys get no blame to
know because like what if his fake
mustache looks equally horrible way
their movie would suck because he had to
do a difference sucky movie you got a
fan for stick wig issue yes yes agreed
no no fuck those guys who says that it's
it's all like it's all the the
fascinating oh well at least I saved
there didn't he I were to do the
reshoots before the Wheaton ones he
already did some before the Whedon ones
but no no no the wheat the Wheaton ones
were all the CGI upper lip which looks
unbelievably horrible even if you didn't
know that there was a CGI mustache
removal ever anyone watching that goes
were like what happened to his face did
he get stung by a bee like it looked
terrible
dan Tilian hubber says hey guys know
this tip was a two-parter okay anyway
once rich Evans told someone on stream
to never follow their dreams because
they wouldn't achieve them it wasn't me
but that statement really struck stuck
with me so I've been working my hardest
and finally got my dream job this
weekend
I quit waitressing so I could become a
costume designer Hey nice thanks for the
inspiration and support you frauds
you're welcome oh I think I think she's
she's saying that to spite you rich
that's fine look if they can't somebody
doesn't follow the dream and succeed
yeah all right I'm happy with that
oh damn it why'd you to be a waitress
forever I'm not gonna do that I'd say
it's just sounded like you were taking
credit for it it sounded like you were
taking credit like I told you the right
thing
like I know I keep dying when I go over
here but I feel like though because I
can walk over here that there's a secret
you know there's probably not cuz I just
keep on dying
yeah but Logan and I thought that I
saved that the little lantern but
apparently you don't I'm sorry it's fine
it's fine I just have to walk past this
lungs again well he's taking credit for
me no I'm not taking credit for anything
just somebody's telling me that their
dreams are working out for them and I'm
you know I'm happy for them that's good
that's all it's that oh that's all that
really matters somewhat someone's happy
and we're happy for them that's great
that's not what your dream is to like if
your your dream was to be the first
person on Mars I'm probably not gonna
happen
probably not the odds are very much
against you if you're if you're if your
dream is to own a small business
mm-hmm that's that's considerably more
doable like if your dream is to be
President someday
well like apparently anybody can be
president now so yeah go for it
keep your dreams reasonable but this
part is becoming a little annoying you
know I think there's a difference
between reasonable and achievable and as
long as you have proper goal structures
and you know keep working towards it in
a reasonable fashion I think you know
fucking be the first person on Mars if
your dream is to like invent an entirely
new color that is unlike any of the
other pre-existing colors uh-huh
you got a lot of work cut out for you
it's probably not gonna happen that's an
impossible dream you don't know nothing
about it a color theory right they know
how many Glade cones and rods your eye
has is probably technically so many
colors that are seeable Jack
we know the ball you don't know nothing
you don't know nothing about no color
theory you know you know we know we know
what the eyes could register okay go I
want to hug another little guy
I don't want to miss hugging the little
guy go
you can try inserting infrared and
ultraviolet receptors in the eyes yeah
you could yeah you could yeah don't
don't listen to mr. naysayer over here
then then you have to go to school train
really hard be the absolute most
brilliant geneticist that ever lived ha
and focus on this ultraviolet thing
rather than cancer can't what can't you
tell me people are already working on
that cancer thing not enough of them is
there still cancer hey you know what we
need colors too man we need pretty shit
to look at what people are getting
cancer treatment for this foreseeable
future the only two things that high
profile geneticists are gonna be working
on our our cancer and erectile
dysfunction that's terrible I'm not
saying you're incorrect it's just
terrible I lost my little friend
I'm gonna hug my little friend it's a
mousetrap so's the search for Bad Star
Wars merchandise continues Darth Vader's
lightsaber immersion blender r2d2 coffee
press and Death Star popcorn maker don't
be surprised by any of this rickets
rickets 47 says the MCU is trite garbage
for idiots okay okay as opposed to the
DC see you which is trite garbage
pretending to be something other than
trite garbage so that idiots can pretend
they're highbrow when they're too dumb
to get the trite stuff that Marvel does
you know cuz I am I like I like my
movies when my aliens and billionaires
punch each other but I won't I like it
when they say something but it's dark
thing a little fun but it's like there's
it's like when the billionaire man who
dresses up in a costume punch to the
alien who dresses up in a costume he
also said his mother's name which means
rebirth do you get it
yeah
there was a little friend a friend over
here and I want to hug them Anonymous's
came to the stream late so not sure if
he mentioned it but have you seen the
rich voice mod for XCOM - I have not I'm
I'm flattered yet also terrified to see
what they've done with it sure and I
think I think someone mentioned that to
me and I forgot about it because I don't
really play X come to that much but damn
it I wonder I wonder what it says when
you hunker down hunger prices hunker
down Rach what what particular clip
though they use right and these are the
questions these are the important
questions you can ask me to like say
some things the person who worked on
that mod throw me some lines yeah
okay okay which one's X this one sex all
right all right I know what's going on
though I know what's going on now yeah
you know I like with all with all the DC
EU stuff I go and not really all the DC
EU stuff really it's just it's just
Batman V Superman it's like I Eve I do
agree that Zack Snyder was trying to be
deeper and that's what's so funny about
superficial way where there wasn't
really saying anything well like I said
he was trying to be deeper but what his
level of depth is is not normal he was
looking in a puddle and said wow we can
swim in this and and he also failed at
the thing he was trying to say we can do
this but the weirdest thing yeah all
right the weirdest thing about the DC EU
or ever the hell they want to call it
yeah it's a universe built around how
amazing and inspirational Superman is
and they have not really ever showed us
a Superman who was amazing or
inspirational other other than lip
service that was that was the most
disturbing part of the Joss Whedon
reshoots is how everyone was just like
man isn't soup wasn't Superman the best
he was a beacon of hope and it's like we
already saw his last movie and we know
he wasn't wasn't everyone super pissed
at him
there was whole Senate hearings on
whether or not people liked him Stefan
Wolfe had to wait until Superman was
dead before he can invade you know
Superman who only showed up and the
public scene five years ago he didn't
act before that no I didn't he attacked
before he was he could have come back
any time in the last five thousand years
and if he would have attacked you know
like like a hundred and fifty years ago
he wouldn't even have Wonder Woman
to deal with less less depth in a puddle
yeah oh it's ridiculous it's
ridiculously dumb
did you like Steppenwolf he's not a
character can't like or dislike someone
that's not even a character he's a
placeholder they'd forgotten to turn
into a character yeah he's bad guy
Mickey McGuffin like I'm not wrong
videogame characters have had more depth
video game villains oh yeah yeah yeah no
he's like his motivation for wanting to
take over the earth was he's the guy
that takes over Earth's and he wasn't
able to take over the earth last time
right
yeah so he wants to take over the earth
more yeah he was like oh my thing is I
take over Earth's and I was unable to
take over the earth so I'm back to take
over Earth that was his character
motivation that's it that's it also I
loved his ability his superpower I'm
just showing up whenever he wanted
wherever he wanted for no particular
reason job did Saturday morning cartoon
it was that's exist it was precisely
Saturday morning cartoon may be a
two-parter like I said just for time it
was a two-parter Saturday morning
cartoon
valiant bloodshot says anyone else find
it kind of creepy that every one of the
Justice League is either infatuated with
or is hitting on Wonder Woman it made me
kind of uncomfortable no I think I think
with her and Batman they're just doing a
half-assed romance very half-assed yeah
yeah I don't know we got like I do some
I just thought it was like a joke I just
I pictured it as just a bad joke where
it's like yes gal gadot is very
attractive and Wonder Woman is supposed
to be very attractive and so it was just
one of those like I don't know I don't
know if I found it creepy I wish they
would have done a little bit more with
it
I didn't do anything with anyone but
they did that's the thing they didn't do
anything with anyone
I don't know you can focus on them not
doing anything with Wonder Woman and
only when they didn't do anything anyone
I can't I have a problem with them not
doing anything with anyone the character
arc is just we're gonna form a team now
and then they formed a team hey we're a
team now and then we didn't really need
the team because Superman just get it
he's gonna do everything just I'm gonna
need a team but we're gonna form a team
and hey ya can't you do this for a
Superman Thank You Superman
the the sequence in which we get
Superman back to us might be my favorite
in all cinema history the which the
sequence in which they because you know
like they have one of the MacGuffin you
know MacGuffin a B and C right they have
MacGuffin see the last MacGuffin to get
and they said hey do you think we could
use this to revive Superman okay let's
do it now we're there now Superman's
alive now he's bad now he's good morning
cartoon like I said that's all like
that's that's my response to everything
Baba's home Saturday morning cartoon
Ed's dumb it's super dim but that that
hole is any kind of game anything
happened in this or he just literally
just walking around so far I'm just
walking around
I I get I get the atmosphere but I don't
get the feeling there's much more ah
we'll see was nice died so okay yeah
here's a little puzzle II the the what
what I'm saying is the the dumbness of
the movie the simplicity of the movie is
exactly that scene is it was no longer
than a minute and a half
Batman says hey can we use this to
revive Superman and cyborg goes yeah and
then there there yeah
they revive Superman oh he's bad now oh
wait he's good now that's it yeah it
lasted the whole thing lasted maybe five
minutes and and none of it meant a damn
thing rickets 47 and he's just trying to
troll at this point so Zack Snyder makes
actual political films they have depth
the MCU is a cowardly series that tries
nothing alright you can say what you
want I don't care I mean you can be
wrong if you want but
blue prism says I won a few bucks in
quarters from gambling with my dear old
grandmother so here are some of that
money love you guys thank you thank you
very much for those quarters we
appreciate him Lord lerton knows I
needed them for tolls on my wait Chicago
for Thanksgiving oh yeah the tolls are
little nuts oh yeah same fuckin insane
they are insane but you know what the
the highways once you get to the
Illinois side they're much nicer they're
much nicer than our highways big lanes
big lanes lights at night horrible
traffic jack if you ever been in traffic
around Chicago sure you're in stand
still traffic as it is and then you're
expected to paint holes on top of that
mm-hmm toll should be rescinded when
traffic is backed up ooh I like it and
that would you know motivate them to
design traffic in a way that keeps
fuckin flowing you know I think there's
a lot of I think the highways are nice
I think the highways are nicer than than
our highways so what I will say I like
the tolls were a myth for the longest
time it depends depends not what state
you're in
there's none of Wisconsin which is nice
yeah yeah or the tolls should be taken
out after the bridge or highway is paid
for I have always been told that tolls
in Illinois at least Chicago one of the
highways in Chicagoland area was was
sold to the public under the the false
lie of well it's just gonna pay for the
construction and once that's been paid
for the tolls will go away and then the
tolls never went away and in fact the
prices increased and doubled and then
they doubled again and then they double
the final time and someone told them
that eventually tolls would go away
that's what my family said when I was I
was told but I was younger interesting
that's like when I wasn't around when
they originally started this
construction mind you so I don't know
what was actually said sure sure
but they always bitched members of my
family I said they're gonna stop the
tolls and it was paid for yeah man they
shook their fists yeah yeah
well that's like what do we what do we
have here the the 911 fee remember nine
one one fee well no there there was a
when when cell phones became more
prevalent yeah they they raised the tax
to upgrade 911 centers yeah because you
know like they would get a lot more
calls a lot more calls from different
carriers and they just wanted to make
sure they were up with it and after they
upgraded all the 911 centers they said
well we sure like this extra money
coming oh sure and it's supposed to only
be distributed towards fire and police
but as politicians do they have found
unique workarounds and it actually very
little ghosts firing police and no
politician you know a lot of politicians
will run on like I'm gonna say we're
gonna stop this tax but no one does they
did they did a story on it a couple
years ago because our
our governor Scott Walker ran on a you
know on a lower taxes market and he he
was one who was like yeah I'm gonna stop
this whole crazy taxing he never did but
of course the people before him didn't
either no like all right because you
have a you have a little bit of income
here you go well I guess I'm gonna keep
that for this this this is that great
right exactly we're gonna keep this
little bit of income is this enough
blocks to do the thing am i heavier than
two blocks yeah I am great you sure you
can't just set the blocks down yeah well
I was having fun throwing them so I was
throwing them okay so we got a run
there's a timer
right oh you wanted it rich rich so in
any case where were we Steppenwolf eie
sucks it's just the dumbest yes
he's just the dumbest and Superman shows
up at the end and he punches him really
hard but none of it really mattered
because no one cared no one cared about
where they were or why they were doing
the things they were doing it like the
whole world is gonna die okay wait oh
the light from the eye kills you uh
maybe that's we all does treat a stone
Oh
maybe I like it I'm curious if you'll
turn to stone okay well let's do it
yes yes it's neat Steppenwolf
Kevin Smith's review of Justice League
is hilarious oh no I'm assuming he loves
it
am i such a fucking fanboy all of them
all of them rich during during the
holidays I was had a chance to talk had
a chance to talk to my besties and my
cousin Jake who who works in the movies
he makes the movies and apparently
someone on the set of the new movie he's
working on is a huge Schneider fanboy
and he made like he just kind of made an
offhanded remark about how he didn't
much care for Batman vs Superman
assuming that everyone around him felt
the same and like this actor that he was
working with it was like whoa dude whoa
oh my god really offended and like
started like defending a Batman V
Superman uh-huh and was just like what
are you gonna talk about you can talk
about the Martha scene well maybe you
just didn't understand that scene and
like yeah yeah really and he say you
said he loved it and you know he talked
to eat their friends I was like right it
was fine but like got really personal
about it like was a super fan boy it was
great it was great but he's like it's
terrible it's terrible of course
terrible movie of course it's a terrible
movie but know that the fanboys are
crazy with the movies they're crazy with
the movies and the craziest part is like
when they when they act like people
don't get it like man maybe you just
didn't understand why that scene was
important like we do is just dumb person
in chat I'm not even sure that Kevin
Smith is a paid shill I think he's just
a free shill I think he's just a fanboy
possible
kind of the little doll thing valiant
bloodshot's is at what point will DC
film fans admit that their love of the
DC EU is no longer life support its
necrophilia ah ah right uh first of all
right
second of all like like the movie you
like I'm not I'm just I'm just here
telling you why I dislike it you know oh
I did something it did something
important right when did man I still
come out great question
is it 2011 a great question it's taking
them a long time to get it you know
yeah 2013 a lot of 2013 ok so yeah it's
it's taking them a few years to just
kind of get it but yeah Man of Steel's
pretty dumb is it weird that I like
Batman vs Superman better than Justice
League Oh Batman vs Superman is more
interesting by virtue of the fact that
it's a bigger trainwreck that's the
thing Justice League can't even do us
the courtesy of being a horrible
dumpster fire it's just boring and bland
and dumb for obvious reasons at very
least Batman vs Superman like Batman vs
Superman is a movie that is so bad you
could write a thesis like your graduate
your doctoral Film Studies thesis on
dissecting how bad it is and why it's so
bad I'm sure there are critics who are
building their career off of dissecting
Batman vs Superman you can you can hate
the Marvel movies because I don't know
their popcorn films and
you like to pretend you're an adult when
you watch Batman vs Superman you can you
can do that but I have to respect Marvel
for what they have done
mm-hmm without their top tier characters
right when they started that shit they
did not have fucking spider-man or the
x-men mm-hmm the the two most popular
fucking things they had yeah they didn't
have the Fantastic Four which in the
convex sevens would start a tall man
that was that was the wellspring for the
Marvel Universe was the Fantastic Four
they only had that what they had was was
they're effectively their B characters
characters cuz at the time nobody gave a
shit about Iron Man
no no one gave a shit about Captain
America no one gave a shit about Thor
right and they fuckin made it work and
they made people love those characters
exactly I doesn't respect what they have
done big word up there I'm a friend big
word up and here DC has had access to
not only the the cream of the crop of
their characters but all of the story
lines across all of their their years of
work they have no idea what their
characters are all about or how to use
them which is the the antithesis of
Marvel yeah
the DCEO was a Superman is a universe
built around Superman that hates
Superman yes yes I don't get it I don't
get it either ma'am I don't get it
either well it all started because they
just wanted to stand out they just
wanted to be different and they said
well you know what you know who everyone
loves our Nolan Batman movies everyone
loves the Dark Knight yeah and it's
because it's you know gritty and
grown-up and adults that work for Batman
and now for Batman and more important
here's the really poor part if fucking
worked for Christopher Nolan because
he's a good filmmaker and then you hand
the keys you can the keys over to Snyder
I need here and uh who said that I think
was forgive me if I'm wrong I think Gina
suave and that Chad said this but yes
The Incredibles is the best Fantastic
Four movie ever made
oh sure sure give me then that's fair
all right so what's going on you're
running you're running from a giant
monster thing no there was a giant
monster thing but now in this room thing
up there there's a little door up there
climb those pipes you would think you
can't climb the pipes cannot climb the
pipes you probably got to climb up those
boxes
is there something you can move over
right that would be has that know
something any other room you have to get
past the monster that's what I was
looking for I was looking for something
I could drag over here and I didn't see
anything like I can't pick up any of
these boxes there's a little crates
under the bed that one no the right
that's what I can't I can't pick those
up I can't move them they're too big for
me any move that one no can't even grab
it oh wait here's the thing okay here's
a little block I don't I don't think
that's gonna be enough I'm just I'm
working with what I got I'm gonna I got
a little block and I'm gonna bring it
over Jeremy Reed with the chat is saying
no okay not yet
cuz if they're right it's not even a
puzzle and it's kind of a letdown oh
well then then let's be disappointed
together everybody see back here
like moving a box over there yeah what
about some kind of puzzle element yeah
agreed
that's what that's and that's what I'm
looking for is some sort of puzzle
element this game better have like a
blob monster to make up for everybody
really hopes last game we played that
was a little disappointment in the
puzzle territory had a blob monster just
saying just saying yeah this is not
gonna be it but maybe no I can't jump on
okay what is the chat saying what's the
chance if I'm up the crates because it's
like a ladder oh okay so so no puzzles
huh yeah great yes we're trying to tip
but apparently not getting new tips I'm
sorry
X out of it and start it over again rich
and that's what I usually yeah yeah well
alright it works sometimes I think
they're just having trouble with the
tipping in the first place so it could
be PayPal you don't can even get it to
load now yeah they're third down or
something
something is wrong yay something is
wrong
diarrhea that's what it looked like says
that kid get a turn to a monster
but the end is that where we're going
sure oh okay I can go in that box
I can't run oh that's what that that's
what that was I can't run or maybe not
what I do on Thanksgiving what everyone
does on Thanksgiving look hung out with
some family I went to family's house and
I had to fix an old man's TV that is
what everyone does on Thanksgiving so I
end up doing every time I go over there
something's wrong with this something
needs to be hooked up right or and it
just said why are why are people afraid
of simple technology yeah I don't know I
don't know right but I have to come down
from Wisconsin occasionally to like plug
in a cable box why thank you
why that's that is our that is our job
as the younger people we assure the
older people but it's not it's not
rocket science
no it's plug the thing that looks like
the thing that was it
yeah they have colors and everything
yeah like the scariest thing in the
world that somebody who's like 60 or
older is apparently the input button on
a remote control yeah here's a Roku we
got your Roku never uses it
yeah they just gotta hit the input
button so you got do how do i watch
wheel of fortune how am I gonna watch
the wheel on the Roku how am I gonna do
that
though III think I think we made some
progress oh good
lift that Karen's mother okay
I sure something on the phone on YouTube
and then within minutes it was one
golden retriever video after the other
hahahaha oh no you're three two months
it was a breakthrough
cuz now she knows how to watch dog
videos alright that's fair that's fair
sometimes you just gotta know what
language to speak rich it's the language
of dog videos rich I need more dog
videos
rich you hear of Bill Murray's new show
about minor league baseball I know
absolutely nothing about Bill Murray's
new show about minor league baseball why
not though I'm curious what if you heard
about this was this
I don't nothing about another man I
don't know nothing about nothing but you
you like minor league baseball oh I do I
be shocked who's doing a TV show
seems unlike Bill Murray no I guess
nothing sounds I'm like Bill Murray
she's willing to do anything that will
throw you off do you remember you ever
hear that show where he would just golf
with his brothers because he just felt
like golfing no I told and Comedy
Central just wanted a show with him so
bad that he's like alright I'll do a
show but it's just gonna be me my
brothers and we'll go golfing at
different golf courses and you know
we'll try to be funny but really we're
just gonna go and they go alright cuz
that spill Murray he did Garfield what
was the story with him doing Garfield he
thought it was someone else he thought
it was Paul W Anderson was it Paul
Anderson I know some kind of drag he was
it was yeah Paul or was it the co that's
what it was it was the Coen brothers
chat is correct because one of the guys
who or the guy who directed the movie
Garfield was a Cohen but not one of the
Coen brothers not one of the Coen
Brothers he's like Oh a Coen brother is
doing this that's you know that's
something I want to do so apparently he
was in Garfield ISM and an accident yes
and he would spend every single session
rewriting every scene to try to make it
funny cuz I'm committed and that's part
of the problem with you know Bill Murray
famously I don't know if you know this
does not have an agent
it's worked out from um except for when
you except for situation share Garfield
this is what happens when you're in
charge of your own destiny huh you got
it you take those chances exactly and so
if you want to get a hold of Bill Murray
there's like an 800 number you can call
he might get back to you but didn't he
come back for the sequel well he might
have signed on for two movies when he
originally signed on for sure yeah no
yes or the whole thing could be one big
joke and that's not actually the story
yes sir Bill Murray sure seems like a
prick he might be very pause yeah this
all seems like prick ish behavior did he
did just shut my gun front blanket his
name it I feel terrible Egon Spencer
Egon Spengler fucking he didn't shut
Harold Ramis out of his life for decades
because of a disagreement they had about
Groundhog Day yeah he's in he's an actor
he's emotional
jump-jump you dick
yeah that's true
he wanted to make Groundhog Day a little
darker and Harold Ramis said hey why is
the comedy look he might be a prick but
at least so far as far as we know he's
not committed sexual assaults that many
celebrities you can say that about let's
just let's just keep hoping everybody
let's just keep hoping keep hope alive
that there's at least a couple just a
couple good ones all we need is a couple
people who didn't abuse their power yes
yes this game better have a big limb
monster sequence Highlander a cave
we're looking at you Tom Hanks he's
gonna be the only one the only one that
doesn't right we can hope we can only
hope rich
puzzlin good no no no so fuzzing
puzzling poorly so far the puzzles
aren't good at all
okay so better than what I would have
originally done that I've done the night
oh yeah yeah for the record and and I
wasn't I wasn't super committed to this
but if it came down to we have no idea
what else to do um I was gonna I'm in
the I'm near the tail end of unlocking
every token every card in hand of fate
one sure so I can't evade to but it kind
of pushed me you know I never really got
all the cards in hand of fate one yeah I
went back I haven't playing that and
I've nearly got them all I actually
technically have all the tokens I'm just
working on like the unlockable dressed
up for the class getting the right
things and yeah well I mean I'm here's
here's hoping for me I still think that
would have been fun but oh this is this
is fine this is something I can do
fairly mindlessly while we talk about
other things not really I kind of found
a good short way to get at some of the
cards I've got my my deck stacked with
like entirely non-combat encounters
except for that you know whatever card
it is I want to work on unlocking that's
in there with all these other ones I can
just easily skip sure sure and I'm
playing on the the jackass skills story
mission level thing because that's only
got two forced combat cards in it yep
and so I can get through really really
quickly that way just to get to the card
I want to try and unlock the token for
yeah I think that's fair I mean when I
had a bunch of them I was just going
through endless mode and just running
across them but when you get down to the
last ones it's not super efficient
why did you guys choose to start doing
reviews of pixelated dudes because we
had no sub as literally because we had
no cent we have no set we currently have
no sec and we still have no set and for
a while we were able to get around
having no set by just shooting where we
stream but I don't but we've recently
things have moved around and so we've
recently changed where we streams so we
no longer have access to that room
either and so we were losing our set yet
again you know let's try right let's try
something new and then you know of
course everyone hated it but people hate
things that are new so let's give it a
few episodes and see if people can come
around your honesty review was all right
I think I think I think always from my
point again like I got stuck too much
and talking about the art style with the
Odyssey review well yeah but that was as
what there was talk that's what there
was talk about there is not a whole lot
to Mario Odyssey it's it's a Mario game
it's a 3d Mario game you know so that's
what you get to talking about and that
was one of our that was a big
disagreement with between us which is
the interesting stuff that's what people
want to hear is the back-and-forth and
so that's why I kept a lot of that in
and you knows
it was also fairly important to me that
you know both rich and eyes arguments
were received enough you know like I
didn't want one of us to be the clear
winner yeah of the art style debate and
so you know making sure that we each had
equal say there's no winner or loser
about it just it didn't bother me that's
just an opinion
losing you didn't like it I was fine
with it I liked it oh sure but we had we
had just different ideas and so like as
editor I could have very easily you know
just cut out all of your good points and
I only had needs is God jack is clearly
the winner
rich is such an idiot yeah I you know I
like the Mario review I the so in any
case we are working on getting a new set
for us so a bunch of things came over
the break for a possible new set we'll
see if it works out let me hug you
no I want to hug you
who's getting hugged there's a little
creature
and so we are going back to the full
seeing mine and riches faces style for
the reviews but we still have all these
pixel guys and so we're gonna do the
prereq quick app which I also think
worked out very well especially for some
might be one or two of those probably
actually get a set you know but I think
it worked out especially like for
something like hand of fate where where
did you go so what's going on I'm
looking for a guy to hug why do you need
to hug the guy I don't know is cute yeah
guys I guess I don't know there was a
guy and I wanted to hug him but he got
away from me and so now I want to find a
guy to hug because that's finding the
guy to hug is more interesting to me
than the game
oh okay
okay okay so yeah I don't know where we
left off there but guys pixel guys guys
to hug all that all that jazz that's
gonna be a big guy isn't it that opens
up and kills you if you're not behind
thing no I don't know okay I did it
already
oh I just see people's beds it's just a
normal view screen of some sort yeah I
don't think it's a window right but what
is this no spy monitor thing what does
it mean what am I supposed to do so
we're saying this game looks pretentious
Jack do you have any comments so far
it's it's a lot of style over substance
what makes something pretentious as
opposed to just being art what where's
the line for well in general something
being pretentious is is is thinking it
has more depth than it actually has
DC Batman V Superman is incredibly
pretentious it thinks it's the smartest
movie ever
when in fact it says nothing this I
don't know what it's trying to say
beyond spooky imagery and so it might
not be pretentious but anyone who says
it's like an artistic masterpiece could
be pretentious yeah
ah interesting very interesting trying
to restart this toast Jack yeah do it
restart him already what are you doing
okay okay great you did it I got stuff
here
great you did it
I am so I don't know this game might be
good but I'm gonna guess it's not um
okay
quack Tomic says first time catch you
guys live hi so here's some money
yay need some advice okay my brother
recently forced me to take his copy of
Batman vs Superman when I sneak it back
into his house where should I hide it
the bathroom okay put it put it right on
top of the toilet paper here's what you
do
here's what you do for a super funny
joke yeah you get a label maker uh-huh
you get a CD label maker they you they
used to sell these all the time for make
your own CD stuff right okay and you
print the label of a movie you know that
your brother really wants to watch and
owns swap Batman vs Superman with the
printed label for that movie so the next
time he pops in Jurassic Park Batman V
Superman comes on you have to change the
disc to then those are usually printed
on there what do you mean you have to
have something on the disc too not just
the case well that's what I mean yeah
okay I oh that's like take take the
Batman V Superman disk put the Jurassic
Park label on it putting normal sticker
on there yeah you know what but a lot of
times like I don't know about you but
when I pop in a DVD I'm having
this okay I'm half paying attention to
the disk so I'm thinking it might be
worth it I don't know what I'm supposed
to do here I don't like it I'm not able
to hug the little triangle head guy I'm
getting out of here I'm sorry I'm
getting out of this crazy Oh
though there is how did you get out
there come here I wanna hug you I'm
gonna hug you
yeah look Oh boom
got him oh there for a heck a long time
when he just came out here I gotta hug
him anytime
alright great synagogue says synagogues
would you ever consider playing an open
world survival type of game now
eg Ark Russ seven days to die at cetera
though also heart emoji okay wow wow
well doesn't doesn't Pub G count yeah
it's not really survival I mean it is
but you know those type of games was
like archetype of games there they're
the kind of games where you have to you
know hunt for you know gather supplies
hunker down build a little forts I just
get they get they get too much for me
they get I like moving and I like moving
moving or dying
that's why pub G worked for me because
you know you'd have to do stuff oh no
but no I'm not necessarily interested in
I I may give Project Zomboid a shot if
they ever finish it
which is a snobby game but does not
emphasize shooting waves and waves of
wages aam be try to avoid them or build
a fortification to keep them out right
right is what you're trying to do in
that there might be interesting yeah if
they ever finish it I did play the the
fortnight the the Battle Royale
fortnight the cartoon epub G where you
have to build stuff I did play that
project zomboid is actually already very
feature complete alright I don't think
it was last time I played it this but I
bought that game a while back actually
bought it before I was on Steam I'm not
sure I'm not sure I have a key for the
Steam version then double check sure and
that was that was years ago
in cotton it'll ins I think I'm saying
that right says hey rich what does the
game have to do to make you one - 100 %
ik yeah there's no magic answer some
kind of ratio of how good the game is
what you get for 100% in it and how easy
it is the 100% mm-hmm
if it's super super tedious to 100% it I
might not bother even if I love the game
mm-hmm like I don't I don't think I've
ever 100% into any of the grand theft
auto's maybe just Grand Theft Auto 3 way
back when mm-hmm okay I've never gone
out of my way to do that
I'd like to collect collect the 100
things hidden throughout the world
yes it's tedious and it's not fun to do
mmm
and so I get that oh fuck
iíve enjoyed unlocking the cards in
hand of fate so I don't mind him locking
them all mm-hmm
whoo what's this challenge gonna be you
know yeah yeah I'm with you
i i guess i 100% 100% 'add Batman Arkham
Asylum but as tedious as it was I just
wanted to see how the Riddler thing I
did you know and it needs about a
hundred and fifty less Riddler ship
yeah those Riddler puzzles are for real
well they weren't even puzzles in the
first one I was just fine the question
marks right if you cut the question mark
so and it was just the Riddler riddles
we had to take a picture of what he was
hinting at mmm if that were the only
Riddler collectable I thought I would
have been great okay but the Riddler
trophies are so hideous and stupid and
tedious hmm I hate them
they are skilled testers in the city
yeah but it's too fucking many of them
and yeah all I know is the ones in in
fucking Arkham Knight were the worst and
do all sorts of insane bullshit
can we discuss how EA is in such hot
water with Disney I think we have before
but I don't mind discussing ooh we get
this shit on EA sure let's go
has there been any new development since
last week nope no the Internet's kind of
forgotten about it and it's been
Thanksgiving boxes whatever we'll come
right back you know it so for those of
you who don't know of obviously I'm sure
everybody does is e the way in which you
unlocked characters in battlefront to
some people found really egregious and
it was a little pay to win E and
eventually it got to the point where so
many people were complaining Jack they
just failed to anticipate that somebody
buying a Star Wars game would want to
play as Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader oh
they didn't anticipate that that was it
and so it became such a hubbub on the
internet that reportedly obviously we
don't know for sure Bob Iger one of the
heads of Disney called EA to be like
stop messing with my shit EA right and
an EA
shut down their loot box system for
temporarily to rework how the loot box
has worked so
and yes and now three to four countries
are investigating whether or not loot
boxes constitute as some form of
gambling good good yeah so you know and
you know might
best thing that can happen is if ei just
loses the Star Wars license if you're a
fan of Star Wars that's probably the
best case scenario for you yes hundred
percent doesn't he should Disney should
have it be where they they've retained
control of the license and anybody who
has a good enough pitch yeah they can
they will sell them the license I mean
that's what it should be but remember
Disney doesn't care about videogames you
go to the Disney hi I'm a big developer
this is my portfolio these are the games
we kind of make I'm what are your Star
Wars this this and that okay here you go
and somebody else would entirely
different entirely fucking different
developer comes hi Disney I'm so-and-so
we make of a red gate racing games like
this and this and this we want to use
Star Wars license oh there you go you
get a license and you get a license see
here's the like a little puzzling thing
I think I think here's a puzzler thing
where there's a little friend in in this
container
I want Rockstar to get the rights to
Star Wars what the fuck would Rockstar
do with Star Wars open world star wide
open world right well that's what they
that's what they want I think that's
what they want you ready not fucking
boring it would be to run around
Tatooine
Rockstar that's like last people I want
to be working on the sole exclusive you
know rides over Star Wars also like
Rockstar I'm talking about
microtransaction and loot boxes remember
that Rockstar has now gone full
microtransaction with GTA online they
don't care about making regular games
anymore
they are down with with the the system
of
hmm okay I think I get what's happening
over here oh wait no I need this I move
you wait a minute
I need another box rich
I made me another box like I'm your game
that Rockstar Meigs I don't see that
working with Star Wars grand you can't
see grand theft tattooing no I can't see
it I can't say I disagree with you what
dev would make a good Star Wars game in
today's world I don't know it's Ravens
still around who did they made Jedi
Knight - OH
but other things but who would make a
good Star Wars Naughty Dog + Star Wars
yeah but Disney already makes Star Wars
movies rich think about Red Dead Star
Wars I am and it doesn't fit
Star Wars doesn't have the open world it
doesn't have the world for that they're
saying it could it could have the open
world that doesn't
what Star Wars carves or car equivalence
do you really want to drive other than
the x-wing of the TIE fighter which
doesn't really work as well on a planet
and which planet yeah you would need you
would need something a little more like
open if you wanted to go that route you
would need to do something a little more
RPG II mm-hmm
and so I could I could see the Red Dead
comparison where it's like you know what
if what if it's a game where you're like
a smuggler and so it's it's it's you
know you happen planets but even then
it's in who would make a good Star Wars
movie I'm a good Star Wars games is know
who did who did the Batman series we did
the Arkham series Rocksteady okay okay
Rocksteady would make ya a good Star
Wars game they could probably do it
you're you're a Jedi so you can do your
combat system right right they have
decent storytelling abilities we know
that about them you know leveling up
different locations
rock rock steady yeah I can't even like
but oh god rock steady storytelling what
Star Wars doesn't even fit well but they
they tell a good story they have the
ability to tell a good story I'm not
thinking about a rock star oh yeah no
Rocksteady is the way to go I can't
picture like a grand theft auto style
cutscene with Star Wars curfew I know
you think you wanna trust me Rockstar
Star Wars would be horrible I think I
think you're right I think rich is right
give it to Rocksteady give me some
Batman style combat with Jedi's you
could do some cool force powers
I stopped now fuck you
it would be great
Oh
Braun Adam Sandler says yeah so a flash
is going to be flashpoint you can do
whatever you want in a reboot what
elements and the current DCE you do you
keep what do you throw out what movies
do you make after I don't care
I guess you keep Wonder Woman because
people like her it's the only thing you
gotta keep yeah that's by the way that's
gonna be the greatest part about
flashpoint
everything has changed except for you
Wonder Woman you're cool you stay the
same one of them and everybody likes you
but everything else has changed
that's what stories do I want to keep I
don't know I've never read a fucking
issue of Green Lantern or flash in my
life for Aquaman I don't know I'd write
Aquaman
I don't need a DC expanded universe I
never much cared for the DC as a
universe like Batman one of my favorite
characters I love Superman and sure sure
as a universe things don't go together
that well to me hmm interesting
I know it looks like you can jump on
this pilot first thing just trying to
make a good movie that's the first thing
oh snap let's see yeah let's get one
movie down okay I guess they got Wonder
Woman they got one they have one good
movie down first to a good movie with
the characters for you know the
individual characters that's what you
got to work on what are we gonna do here
I have no idea I'm treating this like a
puzzle which might be my problem so I
can't cross that gap yet Wonder Woman
was overrated I I agree it's not bad as
a good film but everyone thinks it's the
second coming just because they're so
desperate for a good DC EU film but see
that's that's what like Wonder Woman is
a very good movie but also compared like
think about the DC movies that came out
before that Suicide Squad and Batman V
Superman yes anything would have been
universally praised after those two
turds can you get up that pipe on top
what you would think you'd be able to
but no you weren't
oh wait there's a thing to grab we're to
the right yeah can you get it that no
well okay I here's what I can do yeah I
can move this cage of course well here
I'm sorry I've done this I've done this
all right what does it do okay it opens
the door but only for a very short
period of time see ya
and so then it's like okay I gotta get
off and push this but I don't have
enough time is there any way to jam
something under the door right this but
this is the only thing I think yeah
that's my problem with it you see you
want me to split him I'm reading things
in the chat I don't know if they know or
if they're just that's their own guess
how long you've been here
I've been here a while yeah go ahead can
you swing from the thing okay
the problem with AD CEU is that it has
to introduce a bunch of characters that
no one knows slash cares about here's
the thing they did it with the B team
okay could you imagine if if someone
made a superhero movie with a character
nobody really cared about I mean they
did it without their most valuable
properties Iron Man was nothing Marvel
did not when they started they did not
have spider-man no I did not have the
x-men that and out of the Fantastic Four
they still don't they did not have
daredevil they did not have ghost writer
it's and it is it's hard to remember for
especially for non comic-book people
it's hard for people to remember the
most popular character in Marvel history
was probably the Hulk yeah but they had
that they had Bill LBI be good that they
had access to make a movie of because of
the TV show right
so like you know and they tried making a
Hulk movie and that that didn't do so
well DC just failed hard so it's so hard
so hard yeah okay well now I'm in here
I hope movies don't work
I just don't think they've done them
right I'm convinced the whole movie
could work it it can't be a traditional
superhero film he's got to be a
rampaging monster that just fucking
destroys everything yeah I think I think
now that someone who understands the
character is in charge a Hulk movie
could work ha all right how about a
movie were actually you know the whole
stemis is under built Ross succeeds in
capturing Bruce Banner right okay and
how about a movie where they just take
Bruce Banner yeah and he's in Chains and
they just drop him over enemy territory
the gamma bomb oh yeah
the gamma bomb yeah that's that's a
greatest you just make a movie about
that though when you you just take the
take the hold you just drop them off in
the Middle East there there is a that's
all you do that's the movie there is a
great miniseries of Hulk comics called
banner and it's it's only like four or
six issues you know like a little a
little piece and it's called banner and
that's all it was is whenever it was
Bruce he was crazy depressed and
whenever he was Hulk is because he was
rampaging over enemy territories he's
the gamma bomb I remember you talking
about that now but that wouldn't be the
just that'sthat's that's where you go
with a hope of course that's a great
story and I you could do some personal
stuff with Bruce feeling feeling really
depressed about you know the government
abusing him you could get some social
commentary I'd be great it'd be great
and awesome action
I'm trapped now rich
yeah that'd be great that'd be great
joe flacco elite says are you guys
excited about seeing the disaster artist
nope oh hi mark you're tearing me apart
Lisa anyway how is your sex life
hopefully you read that impersonating
Tommy I don't have a Tommy impersonation
look I just don't I'm sorry I'd love to
help you out but I don't have one
oh hi mark oh it's not as good as I can
do that's good tearing me apart Lisa
that's not that's not super great yeah
and I'm not excited about it just cuz I
still haven't seen the room okay well I
know you know why now because I don't
have anyone to see it with you got to
see that movie with a group of people
right shine and all the people I know
who watch bad movies have seen it like a
hundred times
so I've missed my opportunity I do hear
very good things about the disaster
artist though
you can hear me so if you know what
let's think about movies Hulk movies
yeah you know it doesn't really matter
we don't need a Hulk movie but yeah like
you said thanks
oh come on you could fit one of your
long arms through there you saw him go
in the hole no no he's got his eyes
covered ah he's blind I see nope oh we
killed a cop me oh yeah you know you
could probably you would probably like
now you would probably have to do a Hulk
movie where the the actual kickoff to
the movie is throwing Bruce Banner out
of an airplane right because he doesn't
want he doesn't want to be the Hulk
right and so and so it's Bruce the
United States military needs your help
okay maybe you don't go full gamma bomb
maybe you just use a little bit of it we
have we have this we have the situation
here and only the Hulk can help us for
some reason mm-hmm and you need to go in
there as the Hulk smash a bunch of stuff
but also rescue someone
you can't send in the Hulk he'll destroy
everything but you need your the our
only hope for some reason you know you
come up with the reasons later right and
so then the kickoff the the 20 minute
mark is you boot him out of an airplane
and he's and he's Hulk's up and he
smashes the place and then as Bruce
Banner he needs to actually you know do
some do some sciency stuff and detective
Lee stuff so it's the president's
daughter
mommy buddy 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 says glad to
finally catch you guys stream just
wanted to give a big thanks to all you
are LM guys for many years of solid
entertainment also curious have you guys
ever played a leap dangerous
Oh a little bit I was enjoying it I
don't think it's Jax bag elite dangerous
space flight sim game behind my back you
were with me when I was playing it
actually we almost did at first four
hours of oh yeah yeah well then
definitely not I don't think you were
even interested enough for first four
hours of person so yeah that's Carol do
something else I need to go back to it
valiant bloodshot says grounding the DC
Universe doesn't work weirder is better
Constantine Swamp Thing animal man mr.
miracle hitman section 8 Doom Patrol
Santana and New Gods go weird and it
works I think I can hide on this pile of
stinky clothes maybe maybe you just
scrapped the idea of doing a DC expanded
universe and instead you just do a
vertigo movies and you don't you don't
worry about them being an expanding
universe you just do some of their nice
weird highbrow properties and see where
it goes from there
sure sure
like I've talked about this before and
doing like as far as like Superman
movies I like I do think they need to go
weirder I want to see super futuristic
ultra high-rise metropolis you know I
want to see I want to see a Gotham City
almost that's Tim burton-esque but
somehow modern-day I don't like that
they've made the DC movies realistic
mm-hmm I think that was a mistake one of
the things that sets DC and Marvel apart
is marvel takes place in the real world
our heroes are in New York City DC has
fantastical landscapes Atlantis and
Gotham and metropolis infinite little
and and that's that's going to be that's
part of the personality of your DC
Universe I'm gonna go ahead and agree so
yeah my Superman movie that I'm my
Superman movie that I'm currently making
right now I'm writing it as we speak
starts in a big bustling futuristic
metropolis where skyscrapers are so tall
we need walkways on the hundreth floor
you know like giant like a city so large
it's improbable and that's why Superman
can fly around and be fantastical in it
that's what I want it mister I love the
answer's no
Marvel has a lot of fictional cities and
the thing that's a large city and not
like a town somewhere do they have
anything on the scale of that like it's
like New York but it's fictional the
okay so some fictional countries I was
gonna say there's what Wakanda yeah well
Conda Conda let Vireo let various your
the Marvel does have fictional cities
but those fictional cities take place on
our planet Earth
well sort of Gotham and mm-hmm no that's
that's not that's not Earth Earth or
like Gotham is not neighbor to New York
City there is no realistic grounding to
DC's universe like there is with
Marvel's universe and that's important
the Savage Land everything in space like
that we're not talking about the space
stuff
who cares about space nobody especially
not me all these tiny shoes right no oh
oh oh no I'm gonna see if shoes rich
that's actually kind of cute where is
are these shoes are they I think their
shoes it's great it's just like a the
DCE you aversion of a ball pit ah it's
for children it's simple but it's
designed to look like something adults
yep it's a ball pit full of brown shoes
nice rich
maybe you just don't understand the
Superman it's it's a little more
realistic investor movie the news like
when the alien man in his pajamas uses
his heat vision to melt the people
that's a really adult thing ah god damn
it chat at the end of the day most of
Marvel comic books take place in New
York City and and not metroburg downtown
town the edge city quantum city yeah oh
quantum city that's a good one I like
that quantum city quantum city sounds
like a DC City yeah I like quantum city
one of their more obscure characters
patrols in quantum city beetle down
there at a quantum city that's his city
that's where the elongated man is from
every DC character it's a city
I have a DC executive I like your new
Kanter idea Astro guy but where's it
gonna be sent now can't be New York no
no how about galaki ma city Nikhil Akuma
starlings burg City ooh starlings burg I
like it everyone in DC they get their
own city yep it's a magical place
what the heck
I know I know everyone likes to say that
metropolis is like New York and Gotham's
like Chicago Gotham doesn't feel like a
Chicago Gotham feels like a the darker
side of New York City yeah they're just
to like they're just to New York yeah
yeah I agree
agreed but neither are
nice nice
well like I said that's what that's
that's all I'm saying is that adds
personality to their universe and I
think a downside of the Nolan verse is
losing that personality by going the
real real gritty real yeah right by
going Chicago because they do they films
a bit in Chicago it's like a peanut
Vegas just Chicago now you're more of a
Tim burton-esque Gotham I'm not saying
that I liked those movies better but
yeah I liked the city better it did have
a bit of a personality to it it felt
fantastical oh that's what I'm supposed
to do with those supposed to break them
up some of the relative sizes of these
cities in the DC Universe however
however big they feel like being that
weak rich opulent wise how does
metropolis compare to New York is New
York still the most populous city in in
the DC Universe you mean metropolis or
Gotham I would know or if I'm swimming
me I am gonna presume that New York
still exists does New York exist in the
DC Universe No
are you sure I think these are just
extra cities Jack really chat Chad I
need I need your help Chad does New York
exist in the DC Universe somebody saying
yes it does it does yes
so then population wise what's going on
New York Chicago in LA or is it notes
New York LA in Chicago what is it in the
DC Universe is it like metropolis New
York Gotham Central City LA how does it
work
I'm curious I want to know there's some
nerd map that DC just released okay so
where is metropolis
it's embarrassing the shoehorn those DC
cities next to the real ones metropolis
is in Delaware and Gotham is in New
Jersey that's that's just weird that is
that's very weird oh you got me
metropolis is in Delaware what what I
really hope that's a joke
fucking Delaware why would Delaware
that's not we put you number one
superhero rich a Delaware that's not
where you put your main superhero
I'm not saying anything's wrong with
Delaware but it's I mean it's also
Delaware yes it was the first state
that's it that's all you got
Delaware Wisconsin is making fun of
Delaware I'm not making fun of Delaware
it seems weird that metropolis is there
but
it's a weird response for a megacity
yeah I guess it's got to be somewhere
where do you put metropolis New York the
word you put Gotham New York is not a
real potato so you do the Batman versus
Superman where they're literally right
across the river from one another and
yet somehow Superman is the defender of
the problem and not metropolis and
Gotham because they're literally right
fucking next to each other
thankfully Superman respects the borders
with life but trottibus is a clean and
safe and Gotham's just a fuckin shitty
hellhole no this is why they live in
different they live on a different earth
that is what I'm saying no I let me just
say how much I fucking hate that they
are so close to each other that you can
see them I hate that you can see Gotham
from metropolis in Batman V Superman
mm-hmm what a joke know what a goddamn
joke rich well yeah well well what do
you want me to do check no fix it
like Chicago doesn't have enough culture
to be Gotham it makes sure goes to
blue-collar as compared to Gotham it
makes more sense it makes sense for
Chicago to be Gotham unfortunately
Gotham the metropolis they're just both
New York yeah
mr. talk of an ocean being next to
Gotham what body of water is Gotham next
to a big one a big one uh yeah you
should like they say ship shipping
whatnot maybe an ocean maybe an ocean
did you go where'd you go huggy friend
let me hug you
let me hug you where are you I'm not
trying to put down Chicago I grew up in
the fucking chicago's south suburbs if
we are going to relate them to real
cities Chicago is the only acceptable
answer if metropolis is New York and
obviously metropolis is New York I mean
I root for the freaking White Sox in
baseball
I've set up with Chicago because
gangsters and mob bosses and all that
oh yeah cuz New York didn't have any
gangsters that's the one thing you know
about New York
definitely no gang members in New York
yeah like I said Chicago make sense big
city a lot of you know there's like
there's a lot of but but of they're all
it's also just supposed to be another
side of New York because it's both and
it's not the real world which is the
important part of DCs it's not the real
world
whereas Marvel is ed o Canada says hey
guys what are your favorite minigames
I used to get drunk and just play cards
and Red Dead Redemption and I still pop
in GTA 5
just to play nine holes of golf it's
good relaxing golf sim I actually have
plague grand theft auto 5 just for the
golf oh yeah
I'll be real I don't know if I've ever
like popped in a game just to play the
mini game are there any particular
minigames that stand out as ones you
like how did to give this more thought
there's been a ton of minigames over the
dozens of years I've been alive right
nope I got nothing
oh you know I used to love well Grand
Theft Auto 3 and some of the later ones
too but I think they stopped doing it
dumb where you get into a cop car and
chase down criminals oh yeah yeah I
forgot what they called it what do they
call that but I used to love just
getting into a cop car yeah and chasing
down criminals vigilante yeah
you got me sometimes played Red Dead
just to play Texas Holdem see this
there's other places you can play Texas
Holdem though on so I wouldn't turn on
red dead redemption for that
shit shit
anonymous cents
do you think a Superman movie would be
better or worse if you limited him to
his original powers no flying heat
vision etc you can jump high be faster
than a train and it's kind of strong hmm
audiences would reject it I think you
just have to deal with the power levels
and embrace its mm-hmm it worked out
fine for Chris Reeves Superman a
different time no no different different
time Chris we good Superman there's no
reason that couldn't work today is
somewhat cheesier yo right here a film
you don't have to do gritty realistic
you don't have to no no you don't have
to I think I guess what I meant by a
different time was I think Chris Reeve
Superman benefited from the lack of
technology okay I'm in making Superman
do super things okay so instead of
having him do amazing feats of strength
they just focused you know on character
and story and fun and that was a benefit
to the movie know it's so simple it's
it's what every good Superman story is
which is Superman cares about people and
the drama is whether or not he's able to
save the people around him
yeah it's so fucking easy that it is
shocking how often they have messed this
up we're at number four mess-ups rich
yeah I don't Superman Returns I want a
slug the Man of Steel fuck you Batman V
Superman a joke and now Justice League
it is shocking how people keep missing
the mark on the whole Superman thing are
you saying
let me find it somebody said alright
mister was no gonna paraphrase it
because I can't find the original
message okay
Marvel really toned down Thor's power
level and it really helped to ground him
nobody gave a shit about Thor that's why
it works nobody nobody nobody most of
the people who saw those movies didn't
know Marvel had a character that's
that's a slight exaggeration a slight
exaggeration but like if Thor's power
levels are different than a comic I'm
hearing to assume most people did not
notice or care Superman on the other
hand is famous for being insanely
powerful and if you did that to Superman
in a movie it would be jarring and I
think people would reject the notion
agreed you can get away with that with
Thor because nobody gave a shit about
Thor agreed super agreed but yeah flying
heat vision invulnerability like these
are all so these are all now standard
attachments to Superman mhm
agree agreed for better or for worse and
did they try to tone them down in the
comics and like one of the like the new
52 multiple times and and tried in the
70s yeah and it never ever works they
try to bring him back it's it's once you
open that box there's no clothes in it
people rich what about some sort of
Kryptonite plotline you don't need to
you can make Superman work as ultra
powerful it's not about getting into a
fistfight with Superman it's I guess
it's shocking to me how many of you in
chat don't understand Superman because
they don't like Superman in the first
place and they that would make it more
interesting to them sure my guests okay
I get maybe you're right
people just don't like Superman and I
think the answer to that is you just
don't like Superman watch something else
go watch Thor which is a fine movie I'm
not putting down Thor why are you
putting down Thor rich there's fucks go
away

[Part II]
there's no fucks go away there's
something I'm missing over here I need
to find a little rock star should make a
certain you know what you know what
right if you need rock star to make a
game based off of a franchise you
already know and love here's what it's
you baby here's the pop culture game
that rock star needs to make okay
actually two of them I'll give you two
the Punisher rock star could do the
Punisher all right the other one I
thought of just as I was saying that
death wish
rock star getting someone that looks
like the Charles Bronson like the
character mom don't think Charles
Bronson yeah didn't have it look like
with a voice and just doing grand theft
auto's Death Wish three would be
spectacular but but the Punisher that if
you want if you need them to do a comic
book or something that fits in with the
kind of game they make yeah street crime
mmm-hmm rampages
I like it rich I like it an open world
Punisher game and that would actually
actually that that works so well because
you know that would uh that would fit
with like the the police crime meter
yeah well that would work that would
work incredibly well a rockstar
spider-man game where you could swing
around a giant New York map would be
cool really really this this
revolutionary idea you have about
somebody making an open-world spider-man
game where he swings around New York
City wow I've never seen that they might
not know spider-man 2 is a thing they
might not know animation to web of
Shadows ultimate spider-man
they might know they've never done this
somebody patent this idea
they might rich hey you know I can't I
just can't
we've tried people everyone here we have
tried to make rich be nice it just never
works sometimes you hear something so
stupid that I know I can't treat it with
kid gloves I just can't I'm sorry yeah
for those not paying attention they
already have made several spider-man
games you swing around it's already a
thing that exists some of them are even
pretty good yeah they are to be fair in
spider-man 2 the only good thing is the
web slinging that's true everything else
that is pretty ass though I am fond of
webinars you've said that you know what
I want to say like web of shadows used
to be available on Steam mm-hm and it
got taken off and I follow steam on
Twitter yeah and a couple weeks ago they
tweeted out that it was on sale I was
like what and so I click on the link and
unfortunately if the link was dead like
they missed tweet it out Alea but so
it's like it's the code is still there
for playing web of shadows on your PC
which is something I want to do because
I know you've talked very highly about
that game yeah you know you might not
like it because you've heard me talk
about it right
well I like vitamin I like spider-man I
don't even know what system these
spider-man games were on spider-man 2
was based on the movie spider-man - that
was the PlayStation 2 era I'm not sure
if it ended up on the original Xbox as
well it might have could have could have
and then web of shadows and my ultimate
spider-man that was also on ps2 Xbox ok
but then web of shadows that was a
little bit more recent that was like
PlayStation 3 360 Playstation 3 and Xbox
360 I mean you might have gotten
confused yep I haven't heard of the
PlayStation 3 360 it could be a thing we
don't know could be a thing
the current was not that such a
spider-man game should be made but that
such a game would be something that
Rockstar could do well no I don't know
if Rockstar could do it well to be
honestly they do open-world games but I
don't really like spider-man doesn't
have car mechanics that you have to
worry about Rockstar has never done web
slinging befores there's no like
previous oh yeah translates right away
right I mean I know they invented
open-world games but that's really the
only thread yeah yeah spider-man's kind
of a different beast like I've never
I've never like played Grand Theft Auto
and said man this combat feels
satisfying mm-hmm you know and in
spider-man there's a lot more than the
open world aspect to it a lot of melee
combat that rockstars never really done
right it's not as obvious as you might
think of a fydd Rockstar also when it
comes even though where comes the
storytelling
they Rockstar that were their names of
the brothers was just the one guy dan
Houser and someone else that seem like
they're in charge of writing this shit
their head honchos over at rockstar they
they love them some old classic crime
movies okay or in their case of Red Dead
Redemption just Old Spaghetti Westerns
and old movies are always heavily
influential in those games and that
spider-man doesn't really fit in their
old old crime movies they love them some
Godfather's they love them some what was
some of the little 90 gangster movies
darphus
yeah well that's Scarface I'm talking
about like like San Andreas was like the
like yeah but like vice city was the
head just had my city was bad I had all
Scarface segments ooh oh yeah you could
you could you could go to his Miami like
drug house Goodfellas yeah oh sure the
cage jerk menace to society that's kind
of moving I'm thinking of gangstas san
andreas spider-man doesn't really fit in
with that either
didn't they do Oh Anwar - well that's
also old crime Moving's 50s
I took your arms off Cathy Amit yeah I
like basically the moral of the story
here is they would you could hire them
to outsource the open-world but you
still need to give spider-man to a
developer who knows how to do things
like melee combat and web-swinging
which is I mean frankly which is why ax
and we should all be very cautious about
the new spider-man game oh it's gonna be
quick time event scripted shit looks
like it could have some fun - it could
have some of that Batman Arkham combat
fun I'm not there I just want a good
spider-man game
this all I want is a good spider-man
game rich Platinum's PlatinumGames
spider-man then half-ass it like they
have with all their licensed games oh
yeah have you played a platinum game
recently well they did near ya have you
played a platinum game recently I wasn't
I wasn't that big on transformers no and
the Ninja Turtles game looked like more
of the same yep yep these are games they
cranked out for money quickly because
they needed cash him I guess to pay for
a new suit to pay for all the but
textures in near they where they ran out
of but render power right who is around
in beat up women where can you get
spider-man
- can you ATK is that only ps2 or did
they port that somewhere I wonder
because I might just bring in the ps2
and play some small spider-man to give
up for Jack get me a copy of spider-man
2 you go for it I'm gonna do it what is
this thing yeah I just feel like being
spider-man
I'm saying it was definitely on PC what
I'm assuming they're talking about
spider-man - I think I'm gonna eat a rat
wasn't there an infamous version of an
on PC though that wasn't very good for
whatever reason it was it was like a
different game this really I think was
an infamous version of spider-man 2 out
there oh yeah yeah someone find it for
me
someone find it for me let's play it
it's replace your speed I mean we PC
version was a completely different game
that's probably what I'm thinking of
really well then wouldn't then we need
to play both don't you think sure
whatever you want do it jack whatever
you want do it I'm done I'm game if I
would have known beforehand we could
have got it what is going on this game
nothing nothing is going on rich are
there many puzzles to be oh no no really
like I was trapped in that room for a
while like with the hands following me
because I needed to like rip something
off of a cage yeah the puzzles are this
is very inside where you just kind of
walk to the next area I know they're
being puzzles like puzzles
yeah to be fair and inside yeah there's
that's what there is there's light
puzzles
say like this I'm sure it's gonna be a
puzzle this game looks style over
substance 100% a scam oh yeah yeah what
are you gonna do yak mousse says
thoughts on guns not gun control just
raw shooting
I enjoy target practice with a rifle and
pistol but have never gone hunting never
felt the inclination what's say you I I
wouldn't trust myself not to
accidentally shoot somebody handling a
firearm so I have not fired one no and I
love going shooting you've said this
before yeah I am I'm not a gun nut but
I'm a you know a gun maybe I don't even
know if I want to say a gun enthusiast
you know I do like go and shooting
I think the there's a lot of
conversations about you know responsible
gun ownership and I try to be one and
you know it's fun it's fun to go
shooting but safety first people thank
you first also someone who has known
several police officers I I know that
according to the people I've talked to
carrying a gun for self-defense is kind
of a what do you call it security
theater you're you're probably never
going to be in a situation in which
nope nope nope any case yeah I like
don't shoot this one before we get
before we get too crazy about it
oh you're stuffing oh good good good but
there there can be good fun
yeah something important you know if you
if you go shooting the the the real
important thing is to make sure you
clean your gun afterwards that's why I
accidentally shoot myself in the head
well you take the bullets out first
right rule number one you take the
bullets out but you know making sure
that it's properly greased you get all
the debris all of the powder off of it
that way just you know maintain maintain
your tool guns guns guns you know I'm
going but going back a bit and still on
the theme of guns yeah I just want to
see a rockstar Death Wish style game now
I like your Punisher Rockstar Punisher I
know they I know they don't do licensed
games very often yeah I think they did
the Warriors didn't they they did do the
Warriors you're right so they're gonna
do another one I wouldn't mind it being
death wish all right Charles Bronson
death wish not uh not freakin uh Bruce
Willis Willis oh it would have to be
Charles Bronson or because you know a
lot of their games are done in the
styles of older other films like
Scarface it's not a Scarface game Grand
Theft Auto influenced by Scarface they
went into a game that's influenced by
Death Wish yeah I won't complain
I'm with you I'm with you I think they'd
be fun
you got a fight you got to find the
criminals Yeah right yeah so it'd be a
little anti Grand Theft Auto you get you
got to go around looking for the bad guy
you seem you've watched Death Wish three
the whole fucking town is criminals at
the end it's been a while since I've
seen death verse 30 to be okay so this
is a little puzzling so I have to find
the key
so this door has a key so somewhere in
here is a key Death Wish is too subdued
to make a good game unless you're going
for the sequels
oh the sequels the sequels Death Wish
three is the bar
now you have a story about like the cops
being on the tag and then you can get
away with just shooting anybody there
you go yeah
cops are on the take in this town Jack
Casey I'm the only one willing to stand
up to him but let me commit a little bit
swell running wild and no one's gonna
stop them except for me there you go
lets you check did you shoot anybody in
the game I like it like it
there can be some sort of like like
investigatory minigame where you have to
figure out whether it's a good copper or
a dirty cap all right like wasn't there
that wasn't that like part of the LA
noire thing where it's like you had like
this whole like doubt belief system so
you interrogate caps
yeah the lamb no nothing oh I am you're
on the take yeah I'm I'm sticking with
rock star doing a Punisher or death wish
I like it I endorsed this idea
I'm gonna take this soap with me
enjoying your review of nothing but
trouble did you see the equally weird
neighbors 1981 last film with John
Belushi I haven't seen that film in
decades I remember liking it because
it's weird I'm in the same boat as you
I remember liking it cuz it was weird
but I have no strong I feel like I
couldn't tell you what happened in the
movie it's Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi
both playing against type yes it's Dan
Aykroyd playing the party animal
neighbor and John Belushi as the
straight-laced just suburban Metin man
little man by the way which is probably
why they agreed to do the movies like
yes fuck around with this fuck the
formula yeah let's see what happens
get up there 5:30 skeptics as rich have
you played FTL with a fan-made captain's
in addition mod lots of tweaks additions
and more story elements very legit this
is the first I'm actually hearing about
it so no you know about the captain spot
captain's elite mom for other captain a
captain's elite mod I remember I've
never played any FTL mod I've played the
DLC for FTL ms not a mod I thought we've
talked about the mod before and you
you've said that you didn't want to mess
with it maybe now I said you're talking
about the mob good talk about captain's
mod is the first I'm hearing about oh oh
he caught me you caught me the captain's
edition right heaven haven't we talked I
thought we talked about it but I mean
apparently on valiant bloodshed says do
you guys think valiant can even possibly
get a piece of the comic book movie pie
at this point they have much more
diverse characters but trying to compete
with Marvel and DC is a tall order one
of the money the yeah they need they
need to sell out they yeah they need
their Disney or Time Warner and then I'm
still probably wouldn't work because
they don't have characters that the
general public is familiar with so I
think the outlook is poor mmm you would
you would have to just start and make a
really good movie based on one of your
characters and even though the general
audience isn't familiar with that
character if the movie is good they'll
like that character and you can work
from there yeah you like either that or
a show like you know partner with
Netflix and say hey Netflix you're about
to lose all your Marvel stuff come on
over to valiant side
like if you made just the most amazing
bloodshot movie ever made
yeah people wouldn't care about
bloodshot then just because it was a
good movie absolutely they weren't
familiar with the character beforehand
like blade absolutely just like blade
just like Dwight if you if you get
yourself like a sleeper hit Netflix
series like ten episodes of Archer and
Armstrong and it like it hits like
stranger things hits fucking right start
writing checks man but or the guardians
of the galaxy sure but they had the
money behind it in the first place
that's remember they had Disney at that
point guardians of the galaxy exists
because the Marvel movies were already a
hit and I was like yeah what else can we
do yeah these characters let's use them
yeah they never heard of them I don't
care we're riding right in hot we're
gonna do it we're gonna make everyone
we're to make everyone know what got
into we're gonna make him
they were playing from a position of
power of course valiant would not be
well not I mean that was such a
Guardians
that was such a a good bet to like he
had Chris Pratt who is America's is
still America's Sweetheart right like
you're riding a high off of the the
Marvel kick when was that was that right
after Avengers I don't know when they
announced it when did it I'm saying well
like when did occur what did it I'm not
even sure in continuity right but no
there there was there was actually it's
actually that was not as big of a gamble
where did that guy go and where am I
supposed to go Wyatt does this room
exist um get up there
okay let's do the door that's where I
came in
okay there was a guy sleeping in here
wait
where did he go huh
what did he do what's going on I need a
key the whole point of this is I need a
key where did the guy go what's going on
what's happening
bring back Judge Dredd with Karl Urban
yeah bring it back as a Netflix show
yeah was that a joke I thought that
actually was happening it's it's
something that was talked about
happening and people got really excited
because Karl Urban said he would be down
yeah not realizing that he's just an
actor and wants to paycheck yeah
like of course he's down oh yeah I'll
take a pill I guess I'll have a Netflix
series right come on people but people
got excited because like Oh Karl Urban
said he would do it it's like a fucking
course he'll do it well the hype died
dad yeah I mean it was Noah's never a
thing it was never happening it was it
was a fan speculation fan speculation
listen I'm sure Karl Urban also like has
love for the character but we shouldn't
be hyped that he said okay to do it
fucking fuck
they are literally making it oh there's
the key but he is not officially
attached okay
interesting interesting
the key is on the left side of the room
hanging from a peg no it's not I'm
holding it uh you already got it to be
honest it took me a while to find it
I was I was playing video game mode
where there was something that I could
climb and so I assumed that I must climb
it in order to get the thing when in
fact I did not have to oh not a sews if
a game developer was going to make a
game starring you to widget dev would
you want making it and which genre
platformer life sim turn-based strategy
have rich hunkered down an overwatch
mode should i I don't necessarily think
that I'm the best subject matter for a
game that no it would be an old it would
be a Space Quest style adventure game
text adventure welcome parser text
adventure okay that's what it would be
just because they would be funny
dammit to have to go back up and get the
key gosh dang it I'm sorry jack
I'm sorry you should be
he wakes up and he goes away crawl back
down get the fucking key JRPG because
rich no no you're just being cruel hey
rich Evans Tomb Raider yeah like that do
you guys remember we just run out of
breath there's like a stamina meter and
you can't make it more than a few feet
of the game before you ever stop at rest
there's a there was a mode in in the
first it was it the first uncharted or
uncharted 2 where you could play as fat
Nathan Drake yeah
and it was the exact same like
platforming everything except for like
Nathan Drake would be like oh and it was
hilarious I loved every moment of it you
can grab on ledges like you know in Tomb
Raider but only for like three seconds
right right
Jack just called rich fat why I am again
I can't deny that I didn't think that
would be a surprise to rich
so what are you doing with this key I
got to just get to the lock over there
but I was just seeing if I could get
under the stairs because I think there's
a French thing I don't think you're
carrying the key it's on the ground
right and I'm not carrying it yet I
thought there was a friend over here
that I could hug somebody's saying this
game looks neat
it does look neat yes and you know at
least this section has a little bit more
meat to it then then some of the other
sections like I feel like I'm actually
doing stuff gameplay-wise Anonymous's of
the three major billionaire superheroes
Bruce Wayne Tony Stark and Oliver Queen
who is the most realistic origin story
by the way I only know the TV and movie
versions not the comic book Ken emini
Stark yeah if we're going off of the TV
movie version its Tony Stark his parents
were or his dad was a weapons contractor
that's why he's a billionaire yeah which
makes a ton of real-world sense Batman
doesn't make any sense
well what did his parents do they got
shot no no how did they get their money
oh come on that was a brilliant answer
you know it couldn't take it
Thomas Wayne was a doctor but I think I
think Thomas Wayne also grew up rich I
don't know where the family's money
comes from right it's just like like I
think what I mean yes
rich yeah the Wayne's are just old money
yeah but I mean just the psychology of
your parents getting shot a rich person
whose parents get shot it's not gonna
stop and dedicate their life becoming a
one-man army who fights criminals there
they're either gonna unless you are a
absolute sociopath
they're either we're gonna have a
troubled child that goes out partying
and gets drunk trying to forget yep or
they're gonna donate money to law
enforcement and try and make the
community better with their money to
eradicate the crime they're not going to
dress up like a bat that is not the
conclusion that a genius Ridge person is
going to come up with I need to dress
like a bat and fight crime with my fists
you know you know what a genius what
would happen in real life if your
parents died at a young age and you had
all that money in genius you'd spend a
lot of your life drinking and partying
and trying to forget and then have a
traumatic event that turns it around a
lot Oni Stark and Iron Man woman and you
focus on your business and you're
getting past the grief right and then
like oh well maybe it makes sense you
know I built this suit and yeah actually
like Iron Man 1 makes it has a ton of
what win world logic yeah agreed
I don't have any idea what what the fuck
Green Arrow's backstory is I don't have
any fucking clue I only know that from
the TV show in which his parents were
again just kind of old money and real in
real estate and developing it like yeah
I guess that makes sense but he gets his
powers at least on the show again I've
never read a green arrow I've read one
Green Arrow comic but that was after he
had his powers he got his power he
doesn't even have powers he's like
Batman where he's just trained really
hard because of this magical island he
was on so not a ton of kind of magical
it's kind of magical all right all right
if we're talking about which one of
these people would actually be a
billionaire like powers aside yeah Tony
Stark right if we're talking about which
one of these people's powers are most
reasonable in reality Tony Stark
absolutely both both Tony Stark
I can pick up a sausage Tony Stark's
primary powers industry for crying out
loud is his well he's an engineer you
know his primary power is designing and
of being able to implement his designs
yes
Batman's a rich person who decided to
learn karate I love Batman as a
character yeah but if we're talking
about which one of these is most liable
to be real yeah it's joist yeah there's
there's one answer to this question and
it's Tony Stark back
what's the superpower he's rich of that
can I tell you this Oh Mike I don't I
don't have to tell me that I don't have
much to say about the Justice League
movie most of what I said is in the
freakin what I think is in that right
half in the bag review but that lion
irritated me as it should because Batman
is a character he would never as a super
Pro he would never say I'm rich no that
would never happen no no there there are
a hundred different lines that would
have worked better in that situation
including just him giving flash a look I
don't need one that's what Matt would
say I don't need one
yeah that's good that's a great line
that's a fucking great line it was so
out of character it almost felt like an
outtake like something yeah something
Ben Affleck said as a joke that felt
like a joke a fan would make yeah so
just Whedon wrote that line yeah I don't
disagree
that is a great line no it's no it's not
oh no you're lying rich I think the
thing your low your line yeah I don't
need I don't need one yeah yes he would
say I am smart before he said I am rich
he would say a lot of things before I am
rich in fact he would not say I am rich
is them is the moral of the story it's
like and it's even hard you know I know
we said we would talk about Justice
League and kind of my joke on Twitter
was we would talk about it for
approximately five minutes before we ran
out of things to talk about and I don't
even think we made it five minutes okay
you for those of you who have not seen
it there is nothing to this now there is
just nothing like diet water it's
exactly what I mean I am someone who as
most people know it has a super power
when it comes to movies oh shit you
drink it in you're more thirsty yes like
I remember movies I I I have a part of
my brain dedicated to remembering parts
of movies it's hard for me to keep track
of what actually happened because
nothing actually mattered there were a
few cute moments in the movie but they
also felt horribly out of place in that
movie like that little bit at the end
when like the flash and the Superman are
having their little competition to save
people and the flash is like just
pushing four people out of the way and
Superman's carrying an entire building
full of people that was a really cute
moment also devalues the need for a
Justice League though doesn't it yes but
that's fine but it also like felt like
it didn't belong in that movie didn't it
because didn't know it wasn't it wasn't
the movie was not made for scenes like
that the movie was made to be Batman vs
Superman zero yeah like I don't even
think I was supposed to be on that thing
but tonight I can't think of well wait
hold on I think I figured which would
have been worse but I would have been
entertaining because it was right
Oh Oh is oh there damn it once again the
game keeps tricking me into thinking
there's a puzzle and so I spend time in
a room trying to figure out the puzzle
when I just walk out the door yeah the
problem with flash in the Justice League
is that his powers are made completely
redundant by Superman here's the thing
you don't need to have Superman be that
fast hmm
you don't have to flash can be a lot
faster than Superman you can let that be
a thing sure shit
yeah that's fine that's fine it's cute
like their whole their whole racy thing
that's it's cute again doesn't
necessarily feel like it belongs in that
movie no and it's like the other part of
it is I shit and what was Flash Peter
Parker what what was this one just the
flash Peter Parker didn't feel like he
was Peter Parker like I do they're
totally yeah an experienced kid with
superpowers flash may have been a
jokester before but I don't think it was
ever a blatantly teenage Peter Parker no
but they they they need a dynamic
spider-man homecoming but and you know
what it else is it really well at the
box office I'm gonna be okay with that
because I they need a team dynamic and
you can't maybe or maybe I just don't
want to see a team of of all dour grown
ups so I'm gonna be okay with it damn it
now there is a puzzle and I can't do it
what is the puzzle what is the puzzle I
need to stop thinking about the puzzle
and just nemesis jack or the chap if we
have any audio files in the audience I
do not have a good voice for voiceovers
okay
is it possible to record my voice and
screw around with settings to make it
sound good / normal what is wrong with
your voice there's only so much you can
do like you could you know if you use
something like a free program like
audacity or you know like for me I have
the Adobe suite so I have like audition
you can do slight pitch shifts to make
your voice sound a little deeper but not
too much to America wrong robot but just
a slight amount you can EQ it you can
take away the esses and the Pops but a
lot of that also has to do with your
microphone there's things you can do to
tweak your voice but as far as just make
it so that it's completely different not
a whole bunch without it's sounding like
you did a whole bunch you know what I'm
saying mmm do you get it my fan I don't
think I'm supposed to be in here yet you
mean if you changed it too much it's
gonna sound weird it's gonna sound over
processed and weird yes this is the
thing I thought maybe we could do maybe
I could open this by putting meat on it
no clack atomic says clack atomic have
you guys seen the movie freaked it has
some great creature effects and features
mr. t as a bearded woman Keanu Reeves is
a dog Bobcat Goldthwait as a sock and
Randy Quaid as a mad scientist I seen it
I saw it years ago and I got to be
honest I never particularly loved it it
seems like it should be a J movie is Jay
a fan freaked
I think he's talked about that's the one
that was directed by Alex winters right
yeah I think so yeah by Bill cause he
just in it he's in it I don't know if he
directed it yeah I think Jay has talked
about that movie before I don't remember
if he talked about it positively haha so
take that
but it feels like a Jain movie sure
I'm saying you should swing the other
way okay I get what you're saying like
it oh you mean like this way can I do
that oh okay
no oh well no no you got to go to the
other hook so swing normally to the one
on the right and then back oh I get it I
get it
I'm with you okay so then now go to back
yeah define a J movie something weird
and preferably with body horror if he
ever J talk about anything oh wait
there's another meat slab up here I
think I think it has something to do
with these meat slabs a lot yeah I think
you can get to those other hooks near
than the background I tried and I well
at least my first attempts I didn't I
here's what I'm thinking I'm thinking I
got to put the meat on the floor door
and then the floor door opens because
there's so much meat on it okay that's
that's what I'm assuming can you land
directly on the door that would be cool
hold on we're gonna come on okay I'm
stuck I'm stuck in the meat yeah
okay my idea about the meat the meat
doored
was incorrect my meet Dorothy sis has
been Peru has been invalidated which is
fine all right all right okay so now we
swing this way I think that makes sense
yeah nope
can you land on the floor ah
let's try or is all my meat in the way
your meat might be in the way but I
think this is worth trying okay whoo I
landed right on the door nothing ham
okay so it's not in there there's way to
open the trap door but you wouldn't want
to be on there for it there's a way to
open the trap door let's go be in the
other room right out let's go back into
the other room
see we got a deal with over here alright
there's no buttons over there get up
here
like what are some Alex winter movies
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure well
he acted villain Ted's bogus journey
yeah
and that's set free I was he in Lost
Boys maybe he might have been just part
of the vampire gang in the background
yeah yeah I don't know guys I'm missing
something I'm missing something big I am
missing something big and important over
here see over here we got we got these
little these little Klima bowl things
and you get on this box right and then
you have this area which you can see but
you can't get to somebody wash bogus
journey for the first time recently and
it was very different from what they
expected how would you expect it does
take like if you're coming straight from
excellent adventure it does it's a
little more screwball which I am 100%
okay it's a better film the olgas
journey is better okay I'll you know
what I'll agree with you I needed a
moment to gather my thoughts but I'll be
with you someone to send me to go back
down the dumbwaiter a better movie it
did not fall into the trap of doing the
exact same thing again yeah it went
screwball I mean they're still going to
weird places but really weird places
yeah
I knew they died but wasn't prepared for
robot Bill and Ted unless the millions
who make the good robot uh-huh it's some
wonderfully bizarre and their logic to
to fight bad robot MEMS they need to
make good robots them that is such a
phillips-head logic yep I love it yeah
that's a great movie you need to make
good robot us worst and we're still not
ready for the competition do we have a
time miss y'all man the whole thing that
Homer is great God gave rock and roll to
you hey rock and roll to you
God gave rock and roll everyone home and
yes William Sadler is fantastic as death
yes he is the best sidekick that
villains head could ever have he might
be the best sidekick in any movie ever
are you kidding best two out of three
he saw me I was hoping if I just hung
that he wouldn't see me but he saw me oh
yeah that whole that whole game sequence
is great
I need to rewatch that movie I need to
rewatch both of those movies great
movies this William Sadler show up in
the sequel to every 80s movie pretty
much you do worse no Xena doesn't die
hard - he's in bogus journey what other
big eighty sequel was William Sadler in
oh yeah yeah he was in um he's not in
Kremlin Stu but that's not technically
an ATC it's a sequel to an 80s movie but
it was released in the 90s died and we
don't feds to those nineties movie is it
yeah you fucked up I know I did fucked
up I heard - was also like 1991 or 90 or
so
I'm trying to fit I'm trying to think of
yeah he said amazing all those he's in
all those movies
as the shawshank redemption' two sequels
The Green Mile no as it came out first
and if you could get it together is it
is it is the Green Mile a prequel to
Shawshank Redemption would be the
correct way to put that oh oh look he's
wearing like a person mask and he's a
horrible creature underneath don't you
take the mask up now he was like.he like
it's his face underneath his people mask
that was cute you know like I the art
direction is fantastic yeah look at this
this is horrifying
when I was in Middle School my teacher
showed us excellent adventure claiming
it had educational value nice
I also saw villains heads excellent
adventure in middle school for
educational purposes because they went
through different time periods in
history
nice-nice wasn't the first time I saw it
though I think I just saw it was a
rental sure sure
that's really funny but it tells you
about Napoleon and Beethoven and Joan of
Arc who's a pretty bitchin lady that's
great valiant bloodshed says Jack
Valliant bloodshot the sequel to
Watchmen called doomsday clock started
Wednesday
yes dr. Manhattan is reshaping the DC
Universe into the Watchmen universe in
1992 thought I would hate it but it's
pretty good I'm coming I'm gonna come in
negative like and so I'm worried and you
know like for outside what for me in
comics in general I usually like the
trades I like to wait until one whole
story arc is done and then I come in is
it written by Alan Moore
Alan Alan Moore's spinning in his grave
I think he's not even he's not dead he
just dug his own grave
why just lives he has a coffin that he
sleeps in in a grave
cuz he's Alan Moore right and he is
currently spinning it nice
I can totally see how a more sleeping at
our grave can't you yes yeah
how did I get away last time so the
ideas of for those who don't know the
idea of Doomsday Clock is they're
incorporating the watchman universe into
the DC universe yeah and it sounds like
a very bad idea let's see if we can
let's see if we if he pitches under his
flesh mask again I think I I think a lot
of people know that the Watchmen is
popular and don't necessarily understand
why it's popular but they say well this
is this is a this is a trade book that
that sells really well so let's do
something with it
what does it accomplish to combine
universes money people like Watchmen
let's do something with the Watchmen yep
this is not good
Superman versus dr. Manhattan would end
very badly for Superman
dr. Manhattan can bend reality it's not
necessarily magic just rip your atoms
apart yeah yeah Superman is still is
still a being
true-blue review says hey guys have
there been any games you love playing
that would be awful to stream do you
think they get judged by let's players
too harshly and how much audience
entertainment can be squeezed out I'm
not sure what you're getting out your
second part here do I think what gets
judged by let's players too harshly
games like like some people who are just
let's players might play a game be like
this sucks because my let's playing of
it isn't very good I don't I don't pay
enough attention to let's players to to
be able to comment on this honestly
that's good that's fine yeah yeah and I
guess the only thing I can say is I do
think that some games are given a lot of
love by people because they make for
good streams five nights at freddys some
jackass pretending to be scared right
right you be fucked you be fucked so far
I pressed the wrong button I pressed the
Crouch and sneak button and not to run
away button oh do I have to go get the
whole fucking key again god damn it
Friday the 13th for example Friday the
13th is legit man hmm
that it is first games then I played
that I wouldn't play on stream that I
like yeah Ghostbusters because the
nature of that game it's that cast
talking and we can't interrupt that it
wouldn't it would be wrong right right
well like I even need to think about it
like for when we're streaming together
we're you know I was thinking of games
to play today and one of the ideas I had
is though you know like I know people
really like The Witcher and I've been
looking for another excuse to play The
Witcher again and
should-should i just play more with you
today but I also knew we were gonna be
all jibber jabber e and that's a game
where I am actually paying attention to
the story so like I donno stop talking
about this let's pay to watch the story
of The Witcher right so
why not play ghostbusters when doing a
solo stream but at that point I mean you
might as well just play it yourself
I don't think it's that hard to find and
it's not a bad game okay all right
get up you fuck didn't make it you make
it fuck didn't make it I was pressing
the button not good enough this is dumb
yeah yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry I was in
the thing stupid purple on the room uh
yeah I could
I fed Karen call things that were quite
clearly a shade of blue purple she
obviously she thinks I'm just as wrong
when I say it's purple or blue
gosh dang it I'm sorry
gosh dang it very sorry should be it's
your fault this is straight out of
nothing but trouble isn't it yeah some
of it this guy walking around could
totally be in nothing but trouble yes
this is actually this game is the
unofficial nothing but trouble sequel
just making some disgusting sausages for
Dan Aykroyd to eat nope replace your
character with Jenny Moore
well Demi's lost some weight she's been
working on there I've been working on
her body so
get under fuckin I got caught on a table
leg I I'm sorry
it's getting to the point where I'm not
liking it I think but trouble used to be
on HBO for what seemed like every day
for most of the 90s it was probably
incredibly cheap they could probably air
that for next to nothing
I can't they can advertise that they
they are big movies with big-name
starlet Hollywood and Aykroyd and Chevy
Chase and toe candy box office we got
all the stars in big Hollywood movies
exactly exactly
and might have seen that a theater
nope nope nope nope nope the controls
are broken did you see me slide uh-huh
I was sliding around that's only
supposed to happen when you run I was
not running oh and now you're back here
go check out the noise yeah ding is it
too late
try something else yeah
all right so I have to do the like right
can you run and somebody hit the button
instead of going to the table on the
Left can you go straight to the right I
think he'll see me it's a suggestion I'm
reading in the chat and it doesn't sound
like a bad one you know you got it no
you don't maybe you do no you don't
under there good under there but it
doesn't seem to speed up the process
yeah so now he'll go back over there
hey go go go go go go move your little
legs stress it's unbearable well it's
like you know the controls aren't
precise and they're not supposed to be
you know that's that's supposed to be
one of those things that like helps fill
you with dread is like the the gooeyness
of the control scheme okay go go go go
go go go go I'll wait here can ahead can
ahead I'm gonna
brave sir Packard he briefly ran away
uh-huh is the ghost of Nick yep I did it
it's not the wrong choice you had that's
the only choice in this game is you're
just running away with style that's
that's the whole game man welcome
welcome to the game you're doing it jack
you're doing it there's a plunger can
you grab the plunger not to my knowledge
no you cannot yeah well what else is
down here I got a one of these creepy
dolls oh you break those you break those
four points oh oh you can climb the
walls you can climb the walls that's
what you do is dan aykroyd insane
no he's just weird because he's
functioning like you know he can do
stuff in everyday life we tend to call
those people eccentric right the plunger
is way to central and prominent it's not
be a thing you interact with I know I
agree there's probably something gonna
happen with that plunger oh there's
another plunger maybe just a plunger
they're introducing the concept of
plungers as a thing I don't know all of
these things are possible okay well I
gotta get out over there then look at
what point does believing in weird
things become insanity well as soon as
like that's why I say he's functioning
like as as soon as as soon as it takes
over your life to a point where you are
no longer caring for yourself I I think
believing in vishnu' was weird right
is that does that make like the entire
population of India insane if they
believed in
if someone believed in a deity so much
that they decided not to eat because the
deity would provide for them then yes
then they then they become harmful to
themselves or those around them right if
you believe in a deity so much that you
harm others then yes
this is what I am saying
but as far as we know dan aykroyd still
like eats so do you think christian
scientists are insane yes
sorry I'm just catching up with
Christian Scientists yes by the way yes
this insanity that's legitimate eyes
legitimate eyes based on the number of
other people who also believe in the
same delusions but to me it's the same
thing as saying I believe in leprechauns
I'm coming I'm coming but I'm saying if
you're gonna say Dan Aykroyd's insane
you have to lump all of these other
people in with it I'm not saying any of
them are insane I'm not saying I believe
they're insane I'm just saying if you're
gonna say Dan Aykroyd is insane then
like the rest of the world is going in
that box with him oh well at least a
very high part of the population
population of the world yep
shit shit you don't see nothing man you
don't see nothing
yeah get out here get out of here
chipper Reno's
go cut demon
I wonder how Bill Murray would describe
Dan Aykroyd
that's a fine question hmm what does
Bill Murray think of dan Aykroyd hmm I
also would be very interested in this I
don't necessarily know what I should do
here
got a hook thing going now all right
seems like the kind of guy Murray would
actually like I'm not saying he wouldn't
like him didn't they get into a fight
after ghostbusters you thinking of
Harold Remus and the fight wasn't over
Ghostbusters the fight was over
Groundhogs Day mm-hmm which was slightly
after Ghostbusters - mm-hmm
is it wrong to think Oh is it wrong to
think what about Bob is Marie's best
role know what about Bob is a fine film
you know I really think it is I think it
doesn't get it doesn't get the credit
that it deserves what about Bob yep
obviously I think there are there are
better Bill Murray roles but I think
that's a fine one
see you sucker oh he's probably gonna
reach me right two of them damn it damn
it
shit what
god damn you you honky bastard Jack the
object how's the diet did you get past a
hundred and ninety pound barrier yet I
have not
did you know Mark Hamill went from 240
to 190 for the sequel trilogy and he's
shorter than you it's a perfectly
respectable weight
he went from what 240 to 190
okay yeah but he'd probably also had to
gain some muscle money is a big
motivating factor in this too
oh god if I got paid and you know no
offense to Mark Hamill because
congratulations but I'm also betting
that they paid a personal trainer sure
someone someone who literally told him
what to eat every moment of his day he
had a training regimen sure yeah it's a
little bit different Mark Hamill was 240
I don't think I don't remember him being
that fat oh there are pictures there
before and after pictures yeah he was
big he was big he was big but it's
different and you know like I know like
there's there's a lot of people out
there who will hate on like fashion
models and whatnot be like oh well this
unrealistic expectation but it's like
you know what that's their fucking job
if it was my job just to look good then
I would then that would that's how I
would how I would fill my time you know
like it's these people's job to be in
shape get up the ladder you dink
resourceful kid can't handle ladders
can't handle a piece I can climb fucking
pots and pans but I'll add a rope area
oh we're on a ship oh my god
Anne today because I couldn't because
even though I press the jump button to
jump onto the anchor thing it didn't
register it I'll try that again
platforming in 3d are not how eyes
1980 says have you guys ever seen the
documentary electric Boogaloo the one
about cannon movies what did you think
I've seen her thought it was interesting
I have not seen it actually I hear good
things I hear very good things about it
I have not seen it though
I've not seen it though and as far as
dad's concerned like I I'm doing good on
my diet I've stabilized like right
around the one ninety one ninety two
area and with holidays coming up all I'm
hoping to do is maintain at this point
there's there's not a lot you can do and
you know I just had the vacation time
I'm trying to set my some realistic
goals and it's like I don't think I'll
drop down I'm just gonna do my best to
maintain because you know holidays
holidays are a rough time oh oh look at
those people adorable blurbs
so I'm sorry what was that was that
about what's the tip Oh watching
Boogaloo like your boo oh yeah I haven't
seen that one sorry Sode Sode lucky your
to go now okay when i remember yeah I
remember hearing good things about it
sounds like something I would be into
watching but maybe maybe I'll get around
to it
oh look at him one's got some little
masky on all of them I have like people
masks on
yeah that's certifiably creepy huh all
right I'm down with that
also weird Japanese lady Oh yep
huh whoo-hoo
no noise are swaying at all oh come on
this isn't a game about that rich it's
about the atmosphere the atmosphere and
the social commentary can't you this is
dripping with social commentary what is
this leading to hmm I'm a hopefully blob
monster last time we got blob monster I
guess what I'm saying is expectations
are pretty high Oh
oh my god he caught me oh nice
that's pretty horrifying that's very
very freeing
in terms of creativity pee-wee's big
adventure versus nothing but trouble
I'm glad you know what I'm gonna call
that an interesting question yeah both
are very creative on separate paths
obviously all right here's my here's my
gut yeah right yeah be with me here
pee-wee's is more creative nothing but
trouble builds a more cohesive world
okay I I cannot comment as it has been
way too long since I have seen pee-wee's
big adventure
run away run away under the table
no there's stuff under the - no no under
there
actually this is kind of horrifying just
the big fat man chasing me on the floor
oh my god I'm supposed to climb up this
person aren't I nope
what am I supposed to do here what am I
supposed to do here okay yep oh the
plates oh the plane I thought oh this
was a climbing the lady you literally
jump right into the monstrous mouth I
Welles's trial-and-error rich trailer
yeah hey you know what two minutes
haha you know what you said two minutes
man and how about in the future you
settle the fuck down
I'm abusing my powers oh yeah
ah I wouldn't say abusing that's what
your powers are for I'm sure it was for
a good reason
maybe it wasn't I'll admit that
yeah whatever someone was being a
dickhead
it's your call they're calling who's it
being a dickhead
hopefully that too is me like two
minutes not two months we'll see hello
little friend I will hug you I will hug
you little friend I came in late what's
the story of this game we have no idea
creepy things are happening creepy
things so creepy and creepy things are
creepy maybe I missed something in my
little hole here with my with my with my
special friend hey special friend what
am I supposed to do
you know no you don't know nothing
lock it up there someone thinks you have
to run across the counter that's what
I'm thinking but before like I last time
I tried to do that I got eaten by a
monster and so I wanted to I understand
I I understand
I wanted to take I don't know this is
the right thing to do I don't know where
the hell you would go from here well
fuck it let's see what happens
they say that's definitely the right
thing to do that's like there's a big
bright light on it you know that
actually is kind of creeping the fuck
out of me the giant pause groping at me
dingus your character is a bit of a
dingus as far as movement is concerning
your kid understandable there would be a
Degas
I so expected you to fall yeah no
jumping either it gives you a lot of
leeway I'll be honest with you oh I'm a
little friend I can hug but I don't
think the eye things kind of vanished
from the game didn't they yeah it's fine
that was that area that area had its I
thing you know you can see the
background images through the game that
true somebody is saying that I'm not
seeing does look a little shrunken okay
hold on
we can fix that see it on a bigger
screen I'm not saying it pause I mean
not really possible
we'll keep streaming but let's I'm gonna
say you're wrong about you just mean
like this stuff you can see on the sides
maybe they can see the respective lines
I don't see it
let's double check though let's double
check we can go in here and maybe you
can see it with a brightness up mmm yeah
I don't know I it's all--it's it should
be fine I don't oh yeah look at that
yeah that she's all right you are
absolutely right whoa how weird
why what that's a great question that is
a great question
I have no idea what is this alpha why
was that turned down at all
I'm not hitting an accident maybe yeah
doesn't need effect so there's there's
this alpha button which is basically
just like how transparent it is and
apparently the transparency got down
just like a couple clicks like like
right here just enough for the lines to
go through how weird all right we are
now at full alpha lol only took them
three hours to notice because it was so
obvious when we're not looking at the
same thing you're looking at we're
playing we're looking at the game
looking at the game well and yeah well
like we set everything up on the big
screen and then the we see the stream on
a screen approximately the size of a
cell phone so we don't see it in its
full screen all the time whoever pointed
that out though thank you we really
appreciate you pointing that out that uh
that really helped us so Big Ups to
whoever pointed that out there we go
back to the game pick up I go what
happen how long will it take us to
notice the boom mic do you want to hear
us you don't oh oh
you know nobody nobody wants to hear us
jack
I don't like witches boom mike is in a
weird position yeah but also that's kind
of the only place again it needs to be
there because if it goes in front of us
then we can't like move around in the
room and if it goes other places then we
can't like use our hands to play games
or you know check stuff some like one
chance of scaling up of the game is it a
little not smooth at those I think
that's just black lines in the top
bottom of the game never mind the game
is fine because the we have we have just
black bars in the game yeah sorry part
of I can see part of the overlays going
into that black that's not yeah yeah
then that's no no it's not part of the
overlay part of the games heads-up
display
okay there we go alright where where
were we I had a little friend who I was
gonna try to hug but I think he ran away
look at that that is terrifying
that is absolutely terrifying
okay Raj is trying to get at you doesn't
it already have food in its own plate
and they don't yell out to each other
for some reason you're fucked you're
fucked you're fucked fucked Oh
nice maneuver jab maneuver I am
impressed
shit don't be too impressed yeah I
thought he was amazing so I thought he
was stuck over there now so I wanted to
explore the area a little bit more
because I thought I had a friend over
here who I could hug you know what that
was Jack oh that was briefly competent
so it was Justice League oh yeah that
was peak Jack yeah what system is this
came on this is uh I'm playing it on PC
I got enough of G everywhere Gog and
steam are both having autumn sales right
now yeah and so I got this on GOG it's
ten bucks on GOG right now which is
fairly great it might be available other
places I don't really know yeah that's
the other thing is
he didn't cut up enough and the thing
you did it though oh no you didn't I
mother got there it I don't get him
caught up more I need him I think I just
got to wait longer to jump over them
there you go okay
what is the worst big blockbuster movie
you have seen Attack of the Clones
hands down attack of the clones attack
of the clones is is worthless yeah yeah
oh yeah sorry you know what for a second
there I forgot what attack of the clones
was I'm not gonna lie yes attack of the
clones is worthless of course it is I
was I'm gonna do something clever like
he saw himself in the mirror and that
scared him but took a minute there it
did yeah it's a clones is obviously a
terrible movie
besides attack of the clones just for
shits and giggles yeah the worst
blockbuster I've ever seen in the
theaters just odd they didn't stipulate
that I almost walked out of attack of
the clones in the theaters I didn't for
social reasons right for anybody who
doesn't know the story I I had a friend
who had got me in for free
mmm-hmm and they were you know they were
there I could have walked out during the
movie and it would've been the fucking
rudest thing right so I couldn't do it I
desperately wanted to leave
desperately
I spent most of that movie waiting for
it to end right all right so what other
ones do you think enough you know I hate
to hate to beat a dead horse here but
Batman versus Superman I like I went
with some friends who were going to see
and you know I'm not gonna lie
got a little hammered beforehand and it
was one of the most miserable
experiences I've had just trying to
figure out what was going on with that
movie so now they're asking if I saw
Revenge of the Sith in the theater and
here's the legit story the legit story I
was almost literally dragged kicking and
screaming okay like Jay and Mike just
came over to my place
and they kept insisting and it was like
an argument I did not want to go
so I would have been I would have been
perfectly happy never having seen
Revenge of the Sith that's the third one
right I'm glad I did because laughing at
that no scene it's totally worth it I
didn't see that until it came out on DVD
I this is a story I've told many times
before but I saw Attack of the Clones
no The Phantom Menace at midnight yeah
like I was there at midnight dressed up
not a Star Wars characters just dressed
up as other things mmm
I was really excited to see it I was I
was super pumped and I came out of the
Phantom Menace he's gone when it was the
first one it was the first one maybe I
knew maybe they'll get it together
I your your that was your foundation and
your foundation was horrible like a
house and I knew what was coming next it
wasn't gonna be bad
well you know I still had hope I still
had open so you know then I I eventually
saw attack of the clones and yeah yep
this is that was it was just the worst
and so I did not see Revenge of the Sith
until it came out to DVD yeah and and I
just remember like a glaze coming over
my eye just going this is not worth it
this isn't worth my time I Darth Vader
broke out in the know and I started
laughing
I I was in a crowd of theater I tried to
stifle it and I could not stop laughing
I ended up laughing through the entire
end scene where Yoda is talking to
obi-wan bad spirit walks and I am still
at that point up until the end credits I
am still laughing about Darth Vader's no
of course because it's ridiculous it was
one of the epic rich Evans laughs and it
was at a crowded theater at an entirely
inappropriate moment I disagree I
disagree that's incredibly appropriate
for for that line of dialogue
where is Padme I had a time machine
that's what I'd use it for if someone
sang like they wouldn't use it to hear
yeah yeah that's fair shit to have to
have this guy chase me all over again
dang it
I just wanted to break the thing oh the
whole theater laugh when you saw it
that's great I think I was the only one
I'm hacking Jay might have laughs but
that was probably only because I was
laughing and could not stop right Jesus
Christ oh Jesus Christ
oh my god yeah I know
move move move move move me a little
stupid legs kind of neat it is no it's
it's neat and it's horrifying and it's
doing all the things Oh No
Oh No jump and jump it's gonna go get me
a little ticket credit credit would do
this is pretty tense yeah you did it now
you're hungry it's for normal kids been
in the chat this is Corey Feldman's
acting career right here that's a good
joke it's a good joke that's a good joke
it's fine joke I'm fine joke
I think the the theme of the game is
gluttony all right no you eat it you we
didn't friend or do I have to eat it I
want my friend eat it I think you have
to eat it I don't wanna
like is that is that what the the the
theme is supposed to be here is gluttony
I don't know oh no I knew that was gonna
happen goddamnit game didn't give me a
choice I didn't wanna do that I wanted
to hug him I wanted to hug him
you stupid game this may be but the same
guy she did inside that was my first
thought
it's very inside or whichever came out
first it's probably inside
you're the same as the monsters do you
get it do you get it yeah right now yeah
yeah I get it
and it would have been great if that
would have been at like a choice for me
you know like what if eating your
friends like made you move a little fast
or did a little something instead I
could not progress until I ate my friend
and that's bull hockey that's where we
that's where you get pretentious shit
hunchback jack says hey Jack and rich I
after watching you play super flight
last stream super flight I bought and
played it with my son and his girlfriend
over Thanksgiving weekend oh nice we had
a really fun time all thanks to you hey
you're welcome you're welcome what a
nice little game I was playing a little
bit of that this afternoon yeah just
half flying around having a good time
flying around worth it for the two bucks
oh my god incredibly worth it
that you creepy lady no I wanted so
badly to get twitch Prime up and running
again just so I could subscribe just to
tell rich and Jack how wrong they are
about Bill and Ted - oh oh please tell
us how wrong our opinions on Bill and
Ted - are on it being good misty misty
87 well we said we liked it and if we're
wrong obviously that means it's terrible
well but not only we said we liked it we
also said it was better than excellent
adventuresome maybe they're just saying
like I think excellent adventure is
better what you know again you know your
opinion but no we disagree no I'll take
I'll take go I'm Ted - I'll take bogus
journey yeah I guess you know I'll take
the weird robots thing I'll take death
I'll take them going to hell of course
I'll take them mugging people in heaven
yes I forgot about that
trick question time rich or or or
hopefully hopefully good question time
yeah
does Bill and Ted to have the same
impact without villains heads one do you
need one in order for two to be so great
you might need to rewrite - but no I I
will I will argue that they work while I
agree with you that I like to better
yeah I think they work best as a duo as
the sequel that it is like you need the
foundation of their characters the grand
adventure they went on to understand it
going even further in number two I'm not
going to say you're wrong but I need to
dwell on that thought check dwell on it
man you dwell do all the dwelling do all
the dwell in do-wop do-wop do-wop
no bill and ted - since Tiberius Kirk is
awful and doesn't need one at all
because the characters are so generic
that they seem to have learned nothing
from the first yeah
the characters are idiots that's the
joke now to be fair to Rich's incredibly
correct statement it sometimes it can be
hard when when a character is an idiot
it can be hard to latch onto that
character because they're an idiot well
this is also a comedy right and so I'm
going to be okay with my character being
a huge idiot it always bothered me how
rude Scarface is
I don't remember that much about the
first one second what a lot of things
stick out to me sure not not so much
with the first one I remember them
running around the mall with everyone at
the end yeah that's mostly what I've
just accepted to me I don't remember
that many bits from the first Bill and
Ted movie
oh I just kind of wanted to see what her
creepy power was right that's it yeah
what are some of the time-travel bits I
mean them going into the future is is
super iconic you know the that's part of
it
oh you know what is a great bit in the
first movie them escaping from jail and
realizing their time-travel powers oh
yeah oh yeah I didn't wear that that was
fun that was super fun wait a minute we
have the power to travel in time so what
if we get out of here and in the future
I blew that yeah like that was super me
yeah
okay okay we need a key now we need a
key now where we got a key where we got
a key
so how much more of this game is left
I have no idea someone think this is the
last boss I don't want it was like this
is the end of the game or is this just
like an early encounter with the end
boss this is the last level someone
saying all right so that's the plan we
finished the game no blob monster well
not yet
some saying you missed the key I noticed
that I missed the key but also she's
gone and that disturbs me more I also
didn't see the key I guess this might
thing was the key in the vase yes okay
the key was in the vase
it's wrong to eat thanks jack
I don't think that's the message the
message is just you know don't overdo it
is maybe maybe it's about the selfish
nature of man you ate the little thing
that wasn't overdoing it you're
obviously starving yeah I guess we're
all ma I don't knit listen I don't
understand I understood the point of the
game until I ate my friend and then and
then I missed it
this game has a Janus philosophy
I went janus janus yeah what is that
super into not harming other life sure
okay
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay like
you don't you don't wash your hands cuz
it might hurt a microbe is that a real
thing ya know I might be pronouncing it
wrong Joey Belladonna all the mirrors
are broken thinking right and the
imagery of the game is very good it's
very compelling it's very creepy
messaging is a little muddled and that's
okay
oh yes it's obvious that the game was
clearly Pro vegan that people eating
meat was a fat need me just why the fat
I think it might just be general
gluttony but I suppose it what is
totally written by a vegan it was all
meat like there was no like cakes if it
was just gluttony yeah there probably
some cakes or some shit jump you dick
look if I've only seen something in
print and I'm not gonna get upset for
pronouncing it wrong all right well how
do you pronounce it correctly has
somebody had a phonetic spelling and I'd
scrolled up and I gotta find it I'm just
gonna keep calling him Janus because why
the fuck not
Jean nice Johnny maybe Jane arist Jane
Austen looking around for what to do I'm
gonna find out what I'm supposed to do
maybe climb this thing nope
what's over here nothing much I'm
definitely supposed to go to the big
eyeball thing that's directly in the
center of the room there's also two
expansions for this game with an author
coming in January oh that's nice
well I doors were a big thing at the
beginning of this game yeah I like like
out like my eyes are the window to the
logo now they've all but disappeared
unless it comes in big time at the end
right the eyes rich eyes are important
yeah what I supposed to do here
yeah cut the omit what am I missing
what am I missing rich I don't know I
think you need to buy the
microtransaction for the key box you buy
the box and it has a 25% chance of
randomly spawning a key oh nice nice I
think you can break the wall break the
wall that would be silly that would be
silly so I'm inclined to believe you but
I don't have anything to throw usually
when you can break it when you breaks up
for compress buttons you have stuff you
that you can throw oh excuse me
and currently oh wait can I grab that
okay I have a thing I can grab I can
grab a thing I'll come over here and
throw it at the wall
you guys ever play battlefront - why why
why why why why why why would you want
us to why would we want to there are
many questions we have we even though I
have some love for the old ones the the
ps2 ones we played the first battlefront
and oh here it is okay so that I had
nothing to do with it for the time being
bTW
oh I have a mirror rich I think I have
something I got I got a thing okay I get
it
Chet what what makes you think I would
even want to play the original
Battlefront - yeah you probably might
might visit my intense love of
multiplayer shooters and Star Wars I
think it's your love of playing shooters
with a controller there's probably a PC
version right oh by the way
chat is there a PC version of the
original battlefront - that's the
question rich why do you pretend to not
like Star Wars because I'm not
protecting I'm sorry but rich they
really want you to last others I know
they do like the original movies and
pyres one of the best movies ever made
period as a franchise so they can even
mirror her we can mirror her gotta get
in the light and mirror her what do you
think is it gonna be 3 or is it gonna be
more usually 3 subverting expectations
man
ya gotta subvert expectations all video
games have threes man oh we're gonna do
five is what I'm gonna guess seven first
it's just gonna go on for way too long I
like that the foregrounds boogie scare
this is the ending of Maxima vs no wait
just the first Maximo game this is the
ending of the Maximo goes to glory oh
yeah yeah it's holding a mirror to the
bad guy
well the darkness and you see them in
the background there's no mirror but
they pop out and you have to hit them
when they pop out of the darkness that
was five we just did five six oh and
they're broke six six six six six
oh it's meets the murder I get it I get
it again and now we're gonna go up to
her and we're gonna save mother oh no
we're gonna eat her look we're hungry
we're gonna eat her now
right fucking but first we're gonna say
mother and then we're gonna eat her and
it's gonna be a metaphor for growing up
I'll be impressed if you called that
mother
mother
come on
huh
oh we're not done yet
we're not done yet here it is rich the
big visual metaphor of the game blob
monster it's the big metaphor it's
called coming together this is the art
oh oh I can move I can move it's me
moving what's gonna happen
this looks great this is a really good
angle
I didn't press any button he just didn't
I am walking forward can I jump no I
could only walk at this point
so I think I'm just supposed to
dramatically walk forward so I'm gonna
do that killing all the fat you need
eaters how do you like it
it's murder I'm really not quite sure
what the point of this is I'm not either
I'm just weird yeah it's in it as weird
and it's you know it's very it's very
like pulpy very stranger things II but
I'm looking for the message I'm looking
for the message is that the definition
of pretentious well like there is no
message maybe I don't know but it's okay
to find meaning and that doesn't
necessarily have meeting but I think
pretentious is like insisting on it's me
like there's nothing wrong with just oh
this this is how this makes me feel
but insisting something has meaning
saying Jack wants story suddenly not
story metaphor I love metaphor these
visual metaphors are my thing anything
this all we're getting oh oh my friends
I think these are the ones that I hugged
so I'm sure if you find them all and hug
them all they come out so these are the
ones I hug come on out friends do I have
to do anything no and I just want to
read the Wikipedia page just so I know
what the fuck happened yeah well I'm a
little sad I'm a little upset that we
didn't say mother I was really hoping
for a mother and there was no us
becoming the monster really well that
that uh the final chase with all the big
people was pretty exciting it was no
giant blob monster I've seen other
endings for this weird yeah I think if
you if you like smash all the things you
get another ending if you light all of
the lanterns if you save all of if you
are hug all of the mushroom people I bet
there are different endings sure
light oh yeah I know the the light at
the end of the tunnel that was that's
yeah yeah
it's fine
why did we need to start heating people
we didn't need any oh well we ate our
friend yeah why why did we need to eat
our friend that was a good like I really
thought that was going to be part of the
meaning what was the point of killing
everyone at the end
why what was the Madam's purpose there
were they I don't have a lot of good
visuals not not necessarily a good idea
ideas it's an allegory for ascending
fear through cannibalism
says big on 7h yeah literally just small
child in scary world gets India Awards
yeah yeah it kind of feels that way I
did like a lot of the imagery so that's
good but yeah it seems a lot like art is
happening yeah yeah James
Roboto says watched your review on Mario
Odyssey ended up feeling pretty much the
same way I would recommend a hat in time
as a 3d platformer that isn't afraid to
give you things to do hmm
we've I've heard of had it in time and
you know I don't know maybe we got to
think of something to do next I not many
games coming out right now yeah not I
knew that you know our episode worthy no
it's fine we need to set anyway I am
Chester says rich any Raspberry Pi
updates any plans to show on/off on
stream it's actually it's done
I guess I could bring it in I mean you'd
really just send up seeing the case for
it which I think I did show off okay but
yeah legally I don't think I could play
it on stream you could show you could
show it like your user interface yeah I
could probably do but you know it's neat
is neat all right
glad somebody sent me that case I feel
terrible for forgetting who sent that I
feel terrible but Sanitas look case by
the way for the person who said that jet
yes this is a lot of people for an indie
game there's a whole lot of people who
worked on an indie game
rich should play Mass Effect in Toronto
why do you people hate me why great
question why do you people hate me
great question Richard why indeed we all
want to see riches user-interface I get
in it did look beautiful this game
looked beautiful because you hate us
only some of you like that one dumbass
who thought an open world spider-man
game would be a novel idea
here's an idea I'm gonna see if I can
find me a copy of spider-man - I know
you like certain aspects of the Mass
Effect games I think if you try - judges
don't know it's too late that ship has
sailed
the universe now fills me with hate if
it takes place in that universe I will
be filled with hate I have totally 100%
soured on anything Mass Effect related
mm-hmm I'm okay with that rich I'm
absolutely okay with that much much like
that I feel the same way with Doctor Who
you know we got a new doctor but I like
it's gonna be really hard going back to
Doctor Who right like they they made so
many shitty episodes were like I just
now feel soured on the whole thing and
so it's gonna take a whole clean slate
when a new showrunner we need a new
doctor we need new everything and then
maybe I can come back like if if the
Mass Effect team made a new game maybe a
space game but didn't call it Mass
Effect oh yeah maybe we can get into
that different world right so
I wouldn't trust that team anymore oh
never you know what - yeah Touche does
that mean rich thinks the original Mass
Effect trilogy has no replay value well
the third one is just trashed to begin
with uh-huh
but no I tried replaying the games
afterwards and it just did not work it
just felt like going to a funeral
I knew where that train was ending and I
didn't like it there you go
the series is the whole the whole series
retro actively ruined for me we're done
I'm not playing a drama to deal
I I went to college I hear you about the
static sprites it's not they're not
necessarily interesting to look at but
sometimes we don't necessarily have
appropriate gameplay footage to play I
went to college was talking about not
liking the sprites during the quick
episodes because they're not necessarily
interesting to look at while we're
talking about stuff but a lot of times
it's like the setup for a joke and we
don't have appropriate gameplay footage
to go over that segment and so this is
what you got it's either that or look at
gameplay footage that isn't that doesn't
have anything to do with what we're
saying and so then that'll just confuse
more people so you know like we were we
were talking about with the thumbs up
bit during the hand of fate 2 episode we
couldn't have gameplay footage over that
we needed the thumbs up that was a whole
bit that was a whole clip part bit not
$15 $10 to buy a a nice stock image from
Adobe stuff and I did buy the stock
image ironically I had to buy the stock
image to get the clean version so then I
could use the preview later when you
told me not to buy the clean version so
we ended up paying for anyway okay just
for the job I thought so I I didn't play
this Jack played this yeah this game did
not look like my bag No
so what do you say how do you feel
overwhelmingly underwhelmed okay is how
I feel I mean artistically I will give
it credit for being me but absolutely
whoever whoever did the concept art for
this game top notch
oh wait is something happening are you
in control
oh I don't know no maybe I'll wait I can
hit a four back but do I want yeah oh
wait wait I can move the camera a little
bit
oh this I'm moving it a little to the
right and a little to the left I can do
something
let's see what happens if I head back
you're gonna replay the game I don't
want to maybe you'll replay the game
with your eye powers I've been the
nope nope chapter selection yeah resume
game what happens if you hit resume game
it's just that lighthouse you can't do
anything else just the lighthouse I'd
actually really liked that I would
really like that
Jackie were talking over it it doesn't
matter there was nothing to the gameplay
it was interesting to look at but there
was just nothing to the gameplay oh if
he hit resume I think it just starts
over yeah I was but assumed oh I was
kind of hoping that I would just take
him back to that lighthouse that'd be
really fun
Oh
there's not the worst thing I've ever
seen no no it's I mean as far as I'm
concerned I I got a little hopeful
because of inside and because of the
insanity of inside oh you knew that
what's gonna happen again
you had to know I'm you had to know I
knew we weren't going to get a blob
monster but I was hoping for something
fun and weird and artistic at the end
just something tense moments then
chasing we got the one chasing that was
pretty good that's pretty good it's like
every like game of the year that was
some entertainment value in there it's
not what I'm usually looking for out of
my games I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a
pretty solid man
but to solid man you know it had some
neat moments good arts but gameplay wise
kind of may the farce awaken says
regardless of the ending its purged some
discussion and made for a good stream by
the way bro good work in the recent
review no bridge to a speedrun again for
a new game the mario odyssey stream was
tits tits it wasn't really a speedrun
you blew that it was six hours you blew
it away look I'm very low on the
leaderboards yeah but you're on there
rich yeah you're on there five hours not
bad yeah ten dollars seems like less
than a sales price more like a full
price yeah I think I would have been
more upset if I got this for more than
ten dollars but we didn't we got it for
ten so alright not bad if you're into
the creepy atmosphere and you know maybe
maybe you can get some more hours of it
going through and trying to get all of
the little dudes and lighting all the
candles and doing all that stuff that
maybe you get a little more out of it so
yeah so I tried to play Ori and the
blind forest ones I just wasn't super
into it yeah
yeah yeah yeah what would you call that
a not slow run yeah I'd call it a not
slow run I called it a not fucking
around Ren Maya Mario Odyssey run I
wasn't doing optimal insane speedrunning
strategy you skip this skip that yeah
but I wasn't dicking around too much if
these are the stars I need I was moving
on if you get a star while also spinning
and throwing your hat it gives you a
star glitch to give you infinity
stars at this point of the game right
right it was a test you wanted to test
to see if you just got the minimum
amount of stars how fast you get through
the game yeah yeah and if that made it
for a more enjoy it made it a better
paced experience right for me yeah yeah
yeah and we we recorded more the episode
after that stream so make sure you have
thoughts in there yeah so oh I like that
it was more of a speed walk yeah yeah
yeah that's fair assessment it's still
fairly leisurely but brisk leisurely you
know that was a speed walk I like that
alright yeah we're good I think we're
good I think we're good let's take some
time now and thank all of the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream much like scorn 12:10 who says
hey guys loved your review you are real
movie pundits
keep the hack dream alive you frauds
yeah Oh someone's in trouble
the just meme yeah
this time it's lupus for 25 fucking
months in a row this time it's lupus
says time may hold on let me read that
first Yeah right
this time Luther says Time magazine
called to say that I was probably going
to be named best prereq twitch
subscriber of the year but I would have
to agree to do an interview and a photo
shoot and I said it probably isn't good
enough so thanks anyway tyreq the
ancient for twenty three fucking months
in a rope system the next subscriber
it's got fired a 42 who is subscribe for
us very fast fucking mice in a room and
got far so fourth or fifth that's the
query of your kind I'm kind of losing it
all about bass fine it's fine
I have well too much tongue and carnal
feeis f feminine for twenty two fucking
months in a row hero gin six burn 15
months in a row
Johnny nihilist quality pixel says a
mullet power I don't know why I don't
know the way it was it was your it was
your your your read of pollutant just a
little signature flip it out Theodore J
hooker for 39 motherfucking months in a
row sister whoo happy belated turkey day
happy belated turkey day indeed I was
how was your turkey day we talked about
a little bit we you know we were at
Universal so we didn't really have
today I am but but afterwards my cousin
who lives out now I invited us over for
dessert and games and my aunt and uncle
were in town he just had a new baby guy
and I got to see some friends who I
haven't seen in a very long time it was
not a big deal it was a small affair
yeah just a just some food no take a
look at my TV it's not working right hey
food can wait rich my VCR keeps flashing
12 you know what it doesn't that kind of
get you a little bit we're like call
someone I can't do this you know but
like there there is even when you fix
something really simply by like
unplugging it and plugging it back in
you still like I did that no I just wish
they'd get it after a while
years and years ago I got called over
there once named I had to hit the input
button on the remote you drive down to
Chicago well I'm still living okay like
I had to drive over to the house though
so I go over pick up the remote and hit
the input button that's the thing that
happened yep oh I've had to do that I've
had to do that many times with my
relatives and their computers you know
like you try to do it over the phone and
just like describe this screen to me
every detail what do you see well I see
a folder what does the folder say it
says folder damn it
and you know sometimes it is it's just
easier to go over to hit the input
button yourself alright so where do we
live out here that's a great question
how about epitaxy says I don't have
anything witty to say I'm so sorry it's
alright
okkie b85 441 motherfucking months in a
row so dang hey wreckers thanks again
for a month of great streams woo SAR
takus who has joined the one year club
who's has one year of you hack frogs it
was well worth it
Zeno trove for 40 motherfucking months a
neurosis we started calling the movie
mustache league and stem if you want I
just want more footage I want I want
onion I want that blu-ray with with the
unused Zack Snyder footage and then
someone to start basing it together if
they want to make a bunch of money back
on this movie that's their that's their
blu-ray special yup the mustache edition
yep
no it has three cuts it has the mustache
cut without the digital removal of the
mustache and it has the Zack Snyder cut
and this they'll sell for $100 a pop and
it will go like hotcakes yeah hotcakes
yeah I'm telling you
double-oh-seven rules
who says thanks rich and Jack you guys
are better than prime time TV it's very
true yeah that's very true I hope so TV
is on the run man streaming sticking
over but primetime sucks so we're
definitely better than that yeah yeah
that's nice nothing clever to say but
here's some free Amazon money thank you
well take it V G 64 for 19 months in a
row who do mamma gonza nice emblematic
pop who says Baba Booey Baba Booey Baba
Booey Baba Booey I never understood that
that's not Howard Stern thing yeah I
don't understand III don't this is
probably some kind of in joke that we
just don't get because we don't
regularly listen to Howard Stern yeah so
it's probably a
of wonderfully logical origin to it sure
comb just suprem Wow
Lando was taken for 38 motherfucking
months in a row who says rubber baby
buggy bumpers all right rubber baby
buggy bumpers babysitting service that's
a classic reference to the Simpsons
rubber baby buggy baby business don't
remember that the babysitter episode my
god do you remember the the babysitter I
just watch this
that's like first season the babysit
abandoned yeah
first season first fucking season no I
don't remember that so so here's the
thing at Universal Studios they have a
Simpsons world they have Moe's Tavern
yeah I drank a Duff Beer it was pretty
excited like it's it's one of the two
places in the world that you can get an
official Duff Beer and my kids for the
very first time solve the Simpsons wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait
yeah how old are they nine and six all
right that seems weird for the very
first time but I guess nine and six
oh there's other shit to watch six I
understand there's other shit to watch
and so we're we're eating lunch at Moe's
because it's a burger joint
yeah and they have just like clips of
The Simpsons playing on the TV and they
didn't want to leave they didn't care
about the rides or the park anymore they
just wanted to watch The Simpsons look
this is the greatest show ever and I
said yes yes it is
and because we do like the PlayStation
View we get like FX now which has every
episode of The Simpsons ever streaming
yeah and so we get back to the place we
were staying and just watched a couple
symptoms like we have to watch this
every day and so we just watched the
babysitter bandit episode rubber baby
buggy bumpers babysitting service my
Simpsons reference I don't other people
use it's always get on the trolley now
you're on now you're on the trolley oh
you're on sorry
that's from Simpsons
the the kearney episode the carny I'm
talking old-timey speech old-timey slang
all right
furro Knights Jesta Arkadiy I think sure
Arkadiy rich reads Stardust for thirty
four fucking months in a row Elizabeth
says why did the Scarecrow win an award
because he was outstanding in his field
I like that
that's a fine joke Ozzie Baxter says
eight months of prereq hotness keep it
up guys super hot super hot super hot
wood lands one says remember when comics
were fun I could see the writers room
meetings for the dcmu Superman is such a
pussy how can we make him cool I know he
should have no personality and he should
murder people yeah but he totally fucks
Lois Lane
so he's got that going for him
Chernobyl kinsmen 431 fucking months in
a row who says only twenty nine more
months and I'll have been subbed than I
was married oh yay I'm sorry channel can
happen half have more than half at this
point hab 78 the violent Sweden try to
cheat on him and stream for other
viewers he's gonna catch us he's gonna
be screaming for other viewers not again
sorry to know who kinsmen that might
have hit a little too close Tom I were
Chucky's chunky baloney yeah bull dammit
chunky baloney do we read the violence
wait I did eat it okay William time Mel
the great mad Slav says yeah boyee I am
a robot zero one zero one zero one says
do you like Star Trek then boy do I have
the game for you star control to explore
the galaxy is captain of your own
starship meet interesting aliens solve
tricky diplomatic situations fight
monsters villains and give us funny
voices in the process we'll see we'll
see I make no promises of anything maybe
every every every every stream there's
like eight thousand games thrown our way
let's replay this carefully that I don't
know man
I don't know man yep s F parliament
ludum for 12 months in a row casual
horse for twenty four fucking months in
a row casual horse RWC P gaming user
nine nine nine nine zero switch Punk hey
Joey
listen missed missed on together
rev rip zombie alright
p'nay zero 1980s mr. Glenn says it's not
everyday you get to watch pop and fresh
snap the Morton Salt girls neck over and
over
thanks Internet what the game they're
the big fat shifts the pop'n'fresh was
like poppin fresh a little little
character yellow like the Morton oh I
get it I get it I got a much quicker
than you got it how is that different
than any other stream liest
Christel bear Roberto says hey guys
Sonia's making their spider-man
spin-offs with venom black cat Morbius
and there are and there are any other
spider-man villains or side characters
who could hold their own in a film game
get your spider-man shit together all
these projects will fall apart how long
have they been saying they're gonna make
a venom movie and your breath that'll be
fine I agree gibbous moon for twenty
seven fucking months in a row Erika the
Birdman like we'll see how many of these
DC spin-off films that they announce
they're gonna they're gonna mysterious
they are just steamrolling through this
universe that no one likes so those will
probably all get made well it's like no
well we know we're gonna get Aquaman
because it's shooting already well we
know we're gonna get Wonder Woman too
because people liked the first one but I
bet that flash movies gonna disappear
real quick and I don't know maybe Shazam
won't happen maybe well we don't know
they're not black Adam they're doing
black Adam first look if history has
proven anything about the DC Cinematic
Universe is that they don't care they're
just gonna keep ramming their head into
the wall no matter how many concussions
they get until they break through until
until the general viewing audience just
starts watching them because they're
afraid they're gonna hurt themselves
guys if we don't buy tickets to these
movies one of these executives is gonna
throw himself out of window and I don't
want to be responsible for that athletes
and Warner Brothers film executives man
concussion syndrome hey good Eric the
bird man you're hurtin for 20 fucking
months in a rose
I want that juicy Shack made rubber
Chuck neon oh I am Chester who says I
plead the fifth dream sign for 21
fucking months in a row helper roni
gents revolta a web gents yeah yeah
gents Roberto says keep up the good work
skies no good work guys they didn't
PluralEyes that word for good work I did
in an accident and grambo this is plop

[Part III]
but it's not out yet okay is everybody
ready for the arty-farty game we're
about to play here comes super
arty-farty
go not yet there we go
like starter got a big splash screen no
but that would have a nice they've
already read like parts of this they
know where it is yeah but without any of
the effect of saying a big boom there it
is yeah it is what it is it is what it
is nothing there's not really like a
whole lot we can do about that but you
know yeah I see you that would have a
nice show this it's not an already party
game at all but it kind of is it's the
witcher 3 and we need to go here and we
need to go here i have not played this
since the last time we streamed it by
the way so this should be right about
where we left off alright morgue mirror
says hi rich hi jack i'm playing x come
to war of the chosen and oh my god the
alien squad member preto mocks is giving
me an aneurysm yes
thanks very much for the weekly streams
live long and prosper
I know
I wish I wish everyone in that game
would you shut up from the expansion and
have we talked about this is their way
just a mute to them I think there is oh
yeah
are we gonna go find Tristan
let's say hey guys let's go see if we
can find Tris how about that
that'll give everyone a kick gameplay
wise for for the record I like were the
chosen lor wise there they're shitting
all over the franchise the aliens never
should have given them a voice and it
should not have been the whole game boys
they gave them that well you know they
should have stuck with a creepy enemy
unknown their alien stuck with that yeah
Lenin and then they went full fanservice
and gave everyone the Star Trek next gen
that was full b-movie yeah
does the rich Evans voice pack have like
a specific rich Evans voice just for the
alien fact what do they call it imma
forget what the fuck they called a
faction um god I'm an old man but just
the wharf guys they needed me voicing
just the wharf guys were all the
dialogues on door oh no fight for honor
honor is the fight to which we fight Oh
Tris is in the game what it wanna what
apparently one of my quests is to go
visit Tris okay so we're gonna make that
our main quest and we are gonna go visit
Tris now where is she
please stop rush please stop what and
why also no commander I am honorbound to
follow your daughter over there and take
cover because honor is the honour of my
honor honor
I am an alien man that have alien ways
that are different from your own ways
isn't it interesting how our ways are
different even though we grew up in very
different places you know human oh yeah
they get a throw in a few humans and no
human we must reflect on our differences
but also what makes us similar what is
it was it about aliens they speak
perfect English so perfect English but
they can't handle the word human human
yo mom yes it is night yes yes it is
nice to greet our neighbors from beyond
the stars come let us sit down and and
have a nice dinner human right they just
use one word well let me tell you my old
chap on my planet zzb we we also eat
roast pig I live in a house with my wife
and here is my lovely daughter Emily now
can I get you a beverage
perhaps some way Tower or coffee or tea
II is having a lovely ball we're having
I especially liked the date car over
there see that's baroque Oh myyou you
sure have a nice sense of decoration
right
it's my favorite it's my favorite
science fiction trope yeah humans it's a
good one it's a good one
mostly because of how ridiculous it is
shit together
not so fast relish
dump broach no you're not gonna jump let
me get down then idiot nonnamous Oh
spider-man in the flash move faster
things are on them appear to be frozen
still so time is relative to speed and
we can't see subatomic size or infinity
so it was all of space and time an
illusion yes yes because that's
superhero movie you saw that's exactly
what that means
uh-huh I like when the Spider Man
punches a guy you know what not to bring
it all the way back to comic books but I
saw a lot of people hatin on the Spidey
outfit kind of kind of look cool
oh no it's terrible I hope I mean I
don't I'm not saying I want that to be
his everyday I certainly don't but I
like that as his super guy outfit well
you know what's gonna get fucked off
home oh sherry I'll put it on Oh get
fucked up and then I'll go back to come
on Roch dingus come on you didn't notice
the spider sense though oh yeah that's
great
fucking dragon over there nice nice way
to represent that is there the hair
stand the hair standing up yeah
is it dragon over there guys heads up
fucking Roach I love you horse but you
got some issues
true blue review says after the recent
Steam sale yep I realized I have over
500 games bought over the last 10 years
shit dog do I have a problem yes also
until I can play this myself I won't
watch a stream of it have a nice night
alright good night sorry about that
I suppose you know you don't want you
don't want like a fun story bit to be
spoils for it but I'm a good son
reasonable considering you can get
things for like a buck or two in steam
sales 500 over 10 years
Oh over 10 years and you're sure it's
not so bad no that's not so bad
you know it's it's one of those things
though where waste not want not
how many how many games do you get on
Steam sale that go to waste the you you
buy it you buy a game you say oh maybe
one day I'll get to this and then you
never early didn't have her do it's
cheap so you don't really care it's a
it's a fine problem to have oh it's a
fine problems a hound but it almost D
values the entire medium because they're
so accessible yeah someone in the chats
asking which came first in the comics
the web shooters or webs coming out of
Peter Parker's race it's really really
weird question to me because that weird
organic coming from the wrist thing did
not happen until 2001 with the Sam Raimi
movie I was trying to think of a moment
where that ever happened in the comics
and I beside they did because of the
movies for a briefly no yep yep and then
it kind of got forgotten about in retcon
well like when he when he turned into
man spider I think he could redo that
right then no they did some kind of man
spider mutations angry mutated right and
then for a while he actually had
actually coming out of his wrist yeah
they did that oh that's the worst
hey I think they undid it at some point
I forgot how or if they just ignored it
I'm getting pretty close here Oh
spider-man 2099 yes that Peter Parker
though that was the first time it ever
happened that was in the 90s I was like
94 93 maybe that's spider-man Spidey
2099 yeah you got organic webbing but oh
that's a different beast still that was
like 30 or more years after the
character was created so web-shooters
came first dress Triss now that I know
you're real I'm here for you
damnit I like get to her don't want to
be that guy but it was in the James
Cameron script yeah I know but that was
a treatment that didn't see the public
eye until decades after the fact so it
doesn't really count it was still the
Sam Raimi movie it's still the Sam Raimi
movie where that was first publicly seen
what oh I felt like eight feet and I
died I'm sorry fuck you
I'm sorry there's nothing I can do oh I
should probably turn it down to I I
turned it up the game and I should
probably turn it down now excuse you
right around there all right there st.
Jack I really want to see Tris Tris is
near the marketplace I had a guys I had
a markered I had a marker telling me
exactly where Tris was and I was trying
to get to her but I couldn't find the
door to get me there and then I fell off
of thing and you saw and I died and now
I'm Way back here which is upsetting to
me because now I'm way the fuck over
here and I got to go through all that
again
so Chevy Chase would have been a
terrible spider-man you know what water
is wet what a weird thing to say was
Chevy Chase ever going to be spider-man
Roseanne Barr would have been a horrible
spider-man these things are equally as
obvious right I mean was Chevie chase
ever in the running to be spider-man
possibly at some point
give me a roach what were you doing
hanging out with that dragon
yeah ain't no one just a dragon over
there I'm not gonna fight the dragon I'm
not ready to fight the dragon i what a
bull Marie spider-man
Bill Murray would also not make a good
good spider-man would it be an
interesting take on the character at the
very least Bill Murray in a major
superhero movie just improperly cast
yeah here's here's what I could see no
you know he wasn't running for Batman
okay I want to say he was like Batman 89
I think Bill Murray was one of the
candidates
Bill Murray could do an interesting take
on someone like what was his name
Sebastian Shaw okay do you remember him
not especially the guy who the guy who
got all of spider-man's powers but used
them for a life of crime I don't
remember this he had all the same powers
as spider-man he had the spider Sansa
could climb walls super-strength and all
that but he just used it to be the
world's best criminal and no one ever
caught him because of all of his powers
right I want to say his name was
Sebastian shop and then at the end of
his life he realized that his his life
of crime like he had he had one issue
where he talked to Peter he's like a kid
you got it all wrong I'm rich I'm rich
cuz I used my power for a richness but
then at the end of his life he had to
like sacrifice himself to the spider God
or something oh wait did I see cool guys
Ezekiel that's what it was yeah it
wasn't really a criminal I thought yeah
he was a cat burglar
no had like a business I thought he was
a super burglar no Zeek what was his
name
musa and who's sebastian shaw isn't that
one of the x-men villains
and I'm the Bill Murray Batman yeah
I'm remembering more about this now this
is before 89 Batman back when the public
still thought of Batman as Adam West and
I was going to be a deliberately campy
or take oh sure they almost actually did
that with Bill Murray doing it can't be
version of a popular superhero okay I
probably okay with that then who was the
guy who was the guy that had got all the
same powers of spider-man but he was a
bad guy and it was it was a it was a
cautionary tale for Peter Parker because
at the end of his life it turned out
that you your half remembering this with
something else because my heel did give
his life there was a spider got involved
but I think he was never a criminal he
wasn't noble right and that's why he had
to sacrifice himself to the spider guy
but I don't think he was a criminal he
was a bad guy no wasn't he a slightly
selfish douche maybe but not a villain I
thought he was a bait I thought he was a
bad guy and you know the lesson was be
good which obviously is a great lesson
fucking bandits everywhere
that was when JMS was writing there's a
big first storyline he did well more
London the vampire guy was trying to eat
spider-man yeah
Ezekiel knew about it he was actually
trying to save Peter Parker yeah I don't
know why I'm doing this either guys I'm
just I'm just kind of farting around at
the moment just getting my it's taking
me a little bit to get my bearings and
it sucked rich know didn't know J and
missus run on spider-man did not suck up
until he he decided to do the Gwen
Stacy's goblin babies but people hated
his run because he tried to do like
magical themed stuff it was a change of
pace none of that bothered me because he
was still writing Peter Parker right
right and so I did not care it was a
nice change of pace from what you
normally got I didn't mind that
Yeah right but then they did that
horrible gwen stacy had sex with norman
osborn her had rapidly aging goblin
babies they did that story uh-huh and
then they followed that up with that the
other story which was a 12 part story
with four different writers and four
different artists which is always a
fucking recipe for a hot goddamn mess
yup Chris please tell Jack he can use
igneel
oh right on my magic to knock lads off
their holes yes I by the way I
completely forgot I have all my magic
also I believe I've forgotten how do you
oh my god what I used a grenade I think
I believe I used a grenade and I did not
mean to my bad sorry everyone my bad
knew which are here knew which er excuse
me everyone excuse me sorry sorry about
the grenade everything's fine
don't mind me
this is my butchers are hated in this
world how about let's let's look at what
if a grenade just fell out of my bag
would that make it any better and you
didn't properly secure that I didn't pry
yeah look like a boom it's still my
fault but I didn't like accidentally
just take it out and drop it cuz that's
what it looks like now is I just took
out my grenade and dropped it you just
took a grenade out to fidget what what
oh Jesus Christ
you're the worst Witcher ever
all right know how hard it says hey
fellas I'm sick with a head cold oh
sorry about that half hearted I've taken
nyquil have my headphones and listening
to you fully expecting my dreams to be
about the last thing I hear you say
before I pass out no regrets that
usually does I go to sleep listening to
things I don't have dreams about what
I'm watching I just don't
hmm okay that's the last time I was here
you know what let's save I haven't had a
futurama dreams cuz I fell asleep
watching Futurama okay all right the
real game saved all right Triss is
around here somewhere
then JMS did one more day to be fair
that was mostly Joe Cassano I don't I
don't think that was JMS s idea how do I
get in here
that was that was all editorial mandate
shit you know Joe Joe Quesada has done
some good things horrible things to ya
I'm not saying he hasn't I think I think
he's made some good decisions that may
outweigh some of his worst decisions
just bad decisions affected me more I
hate him okay yeah
I think look at the map Jack I am
there's a map in the fucking corner oh
here we go
I couldn't find a way to aim you Dinks
myth the legend is that her no she's
getting burned alive
no evil could survive the holy fire the
holy fire alliance the flame of grace
and mercy would say yeah that's why I'm
laughing the fire of mercy
a Doppler what why
oh wait now that's blood what what what
what yeah
oh we missed it sorry guys I killed Tris
on accident she was burned due to hasn't
met the same thing
okay
visit trace in her house so like on my
map in the top right corner there is
where trysts is right over here but I've
been trying to figure out how to get
into the building that she is in does
that door open right there no no this is
what that roach is over there see this
is my problem I know where she is I'm
just trying to figure out how to get
there and if everyone was settled down
locked right here we go
trace trace I've been told about you
oh we even get a cutscene
we're looting here that fuck off want
you gone by the time I count of three
one three fuck fuck fuck the shit out of
here like I probably could use my sword
and kill them but what fun would that be
let's uh let's see a magic trap
oh here we go telekinesis plastic there
we go
I guess I'm killing him either way right
yeah so then what does it matter if I
use my sword
oh so as soon as that got out my sword
is backed up I'm gonna do that first
what I'm
gooshie hiding from temple of gold's
cracking down oh I wonder what happens
if you don't take out your sword you
beat them to death then they maybe they
don't give you the clue they don't give
you the clue to find tris then you just
never find Tris or is harder you know
you go to another place I do always roll
that's my that's just the way he rolls
oh that's just blood-borne in king of
beggar's
Monica like this the king of beggar's we
got a deal with the king of beggar's
saving vermin to the confession chamber
that thing that gives you the right to
steal her property
sorceress make these types are outlaws
but by law the temple guard takes
possession of their belongings and the
rule of law still holds when you beat
someone within a fistfight you don't
kill them oh okay oh that's good to know
I like that whoa whoa no I don't want to
leave Oh should I leave camera should I
leave camera I'm sorry I'll get out here
okay exit stage left right left right up
sideways I never played witcher 1 or 2
but once you get into the world of
witcher 3 holes you write in it it takes
you a little bit though I will I will
say that it took me a good long bit to
really get into the whole world and any
time away it again takes you a while to
just get back into the flow but I guess
that's any game but it's it's a oh wait
and see I'm not paying attention I want
to say it it's my sense freak since
there was no place for your kind
fuck-off novigrad was no place for mages
it's no place for witches so who's at a
place for righteous fuck professing the
one true faith in the eternal fire
nothing I can do to you now but just
know that I know you're here one misstep
one error you'll make a mistake is
inevitable I'll be the first to learn of
it and when I do it'll be standard
procedure like for every magic oddity
who dares take this see there all right
I'm down with the city no magic city
yeah
crazy crazy fire zealots burn anything
magic or mystical all right I'm down
alright so if you like use magic then in
the confines of this town's like Grand
Theft Auto where they try to kill you
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh hops come after you maybe
maybe that's why the cops came cuz I was
using my magic to fight those bums
I was fighting those hobos rich and the
cop said no hobo fights in my town
how do you um how do you block again I
don't get why they are cool with
witchers well don't don't which yours
like kill monsters well no they're
they're not he wasn't cool with
whicker's the guy the guy just said if
you make one mistake I will kill you but
he didn't instantly just kill you though
because he knows you're a Witcher it
seems like you get some leeway because
you're a Witcher oh sure well yeah
witches are known for their fighting
prowess and they kill monsters so that
would make sense like I get it get out
of my city attacking a garden anyway
will in fact end in your death
the guards are like level 40 oh well
then I will not attack a guard no one
really likes the witcher's they need
them from time to time
witches are like the x-men rich
discriminated against out of here oh I
get it I get it
but do you yeah I get it okay I want a
fast travel a my supposed to do here
what am I supposed to do here
ten bucks us Jack accidentally drops a
grenade near a guard guys I will do my
best not to and yes why is there a
fisheye effect Oh cuz that's my Witcher
sense yeah you bet your detective vision
so they discourage you from using it by
making the effect really obnoxious you
can turn off the fisheye effects okay
where do you fight if you want you know
visualization of your mystic abilities
rich
sure now you help me gotta find the back
alley locals call the putrid Grove it's
important
I'm not about now growth putrid or
rather don't really care much for you
son-of-a-bitch
I just gave you money you dickhead he's
a dickhead what do you expect I kind of
like that he's a dickhead I am like you
know I thought giving him money would
mean excuse you
I thought giving him money would mean
that he'd tell me what I needed to know
but now he's just a dickhead
Dinka blue no you it's not a modded
there's a there's an option in the menu
just to turn off the fisheye effect you
don't need to mod it out you can just
turn it off I'm so sorry okay I was no
help all these beggars are Dinks
see if one of the beggars over here will
talk to me about you where it is
nothing's free in novigrad now where'd
you folk getting the idea we Biggers
know everything I need to see this you
don't need to find that one who wrote me
brother fuck if I know
there's this place in novigrad they call
them sutured grove everyone everybody
has facial scars yeah yeah and it's cool
when you have a scar especially in front
of your eye yeah and then if your eyes
like a different color because the blade
hit your eye - oh so cool I actually do
think that's cool I always like that
yeah all right talk to some more Bega's
doc dude will you get out of my way dink
Mike Harris star in the preacher comics
he's got he's got three scars over one
eye what I think it's cool look it's a
badass look I know it's a bit trophy but
I think it's badass look my childhood
bully said a star for starring it's
caught up as I could give you more we
spent 20 years methodically but you know
I think you take them to the putrid
Grove the TV show even doing her star
birdie damn brave just play you been
watching that I only saw the pilot free
to show and it did not hook me and that
doesn't look like the following two
comics yeah what
my hair now tell me where the putrid
Grove is it's the least you could do
oh don't know I believe you mean I don't
know given all these beggars my damn
money they're not giving me any
information I should start kicking our
asses that'll make him talk gosh dang
beggars taking all my coppers taking all
my crowns I don't I don't trust the TV
show to be anywhere near as irreverent
and disrespectful as the Old South
pharaohs piglets it wouldn't get aired
if it were truly like the comics that's
why I'm not interested I'm glad hum
Purdue is in it Humber doiis is Jesus's
inbred descendant
the grill is the secret society that has
existed from the time of Jesus
okay and they've kept Jesus's bloodline
going but they've kept it as pure as
they could through inbreeding oh so
that's the character and preacher who's
the descendent of Jesus from two
thousand years of rather sister
inbreeding and he is he is severely
mentally challenged see the grill
they're a faith-based organization that
wants like a religious World Order right
so they plan to take over the world and
they want that you know the descendant
of Jesus to be the ruler over the world
and everyone's okay with him being
mentally handicapped they have faith
well once once we take power the power
of God
and Jesus will we'll make him a perfect
ruler by the way that's great hair star
he's in the he's in the grill he's one
of the members but uh he doesn't have
faith he's looking for a different he's
going he wants to carry out the plan but
he's looking for a new Messiah
Old South farad piglets
hey I got it I did it I did it all right
Here I am now
oh we got to meet with I'm not any
closer to Tris I got to go meet with the
king of The Beggar's now which I'll be
honest I'm a little excited to see what
he looks like
I'm excited to see how some damn it too
many houses Oh Chris this dress I see a
Tris
she's real it's happening see you too
now I was curious when you managed to
find me which
am i mistaken you got something to take
up with me who knows man with two swords
and the skill be using could be very
useful these days I don't like having
lost some underling to fetch me I was
hoping for something a little more
fanciful for the bandit king for the
king the king of the beggar is rich he
looks a little - he looks a little too
nice to be king of the beggars he's King
he is king of the beggars but of the
beggars yes he doesn't look that nice
I'm seeking a seat on the City Council
City Council he's a puppet troupe with a
hierarchy of the Church of the eternal
fire as its puppeteer until recently
Danny's when radovid and his witch
hunters took the reins the semblance of
power don't interest me
why dear one will be truly free but
before that can happen
we caught a Riddick of superstition
farting around I'm not impressed by the
king of the beggars now and tris you
know we need to we need to see her from
all angles but you know not bad not bad
I like Tris better than yours that's a
tale for another time but now she has a
few angles
we're going to the hardware store can
you uh can you pick up my dry cleaning
six months ago or somebody centrist her
name is Triss Merigold all right
pom pom pom pom pom pom I take it you're
a novigrad on important business
important doesn't do it justice I'm
looking for someone more precisely young
woman who's like a daughter to me know
she was here
there are witnesses evidence was hoping
you'd heard something you've been here
awhile I need you to help me find
something anything a trace I'll do
everything I can
that hood isn't doing her face any
favors I'll be honest yeah doesn't he
miss mysterious I don't hit the hood pop
hearted since I've hearted my quo hasn't
kicked in yet riches right as usual look
Bill Murray was going to be Batman with
Eddie Murphy as Robin I hope I dream
about Jack as a witch that hides
grenades everywhere yeah well my bad
just a Witcher hi I had told of
RocknRolla says if if in the next 20
years we invent solar power 3d printers
making Dyson Sphere sighs spaceships to
search for other m-class planets
carrying millions of colonists at
sublight speed do you go or stay I don't
know what what I need more details
what's involved what are the conditions
gonna be like is there we know what's at
the destination you send a probe out
first you don't just go to Langley hope
you find something you can live on I go
yeah in 20 years right I'm an older man
than I am now mm-hmm you gotta you gotta
leave the planet for the younger
generation I'll go explore send word
back if I die I'm an old man you you you
know sacrifice I put our elders to you
switch sacrifice them for the greater
good
why are you nerd so desperate to leave
Earth us nerds are smart enough to
realize that this earth isn't gonna be
habitable for ever us thirds are also ok
fixing earth it's true like a lot of
them a lot of the nerds are really ok
with just like working on getting Earth
back to good but but it makes a lot of
sense for Humanity to be in multiple
planets well you know just in case some
horrible disaster happens to this one do
you never put all your eggs in one
basket and that's and we only got one
basket here guys the basket of Earth and
even if we can fix her shit asteroid
boom you know you can do you can go fix
this earth and look for another one of
course yeah you got it you gotta keep
your options open always what do you
what do you do when the Sun becomes a
red giant though even even if you take
perfect care of this earth yeah it's not
gonna be habitable forever this home
saying oh you cannot even this at fuck
fucking the the that asteroid yeah I
already happen once we know that and for
sure it'll happen again
dibs on Venus when the Sun expands and
becomes a red giant venus will literally
be engulfed by the Sun because it's
gonna get really big he's gonna swell up
it might even engulf the earth I can't
do that
where'd you toss the package I wanted to
freshen up anyway let's go
the food would even brightly fill out
the kind of cookies view billions of
years there won't be humanity's what our
descendants at the very least if we're
not dumb we will still have descendants
by then you know that's the whole take
care of yourself clue
second episode of new doctor who was a
goodbye party to the earth as the Sun
aided that's true that was a fun episode
the the you know the re the remake of
Doctor Who the second episode they went
to the final day of Earth when the Sun
was eating it wasn't that the moment the
big skin flap with a face
the last human rich the last human who
was only a face stretched across on her
skin it was glorious as a fine up so dry
there those used me
trapdoor we
rolling away
this isn't Trish's finest outfit she has
a better one than later that's what so
what you're saying is you don't care
about her as a character that's not
that's not what makes her likeable she's
four I guess she's the hot one
that's who cares that she's helping us
find our surrogate daughter or that she
adds to the world building weight so she
puts on her hot pants
- we get good
oh shit
do you have it too heavy yeah drop some
stuff too heavy what did I pick up what
did I pick up like a dummy Jack having
fun so not gonna give him shit for him
but he really needs to finish swamp shit
and level up because shit gets hard
quick in this area sounds like you're in
for beating yeah I was told to go find
Tris and I went and found Tris and I was
I was actually really close to finishing
up that swamp thing but I and any time
if I get my ass handed to me then I'll
just go back and do this function but
you guys wanted to see Tris I wanted to
know if Tris was a real thing there was
there's a lot of Tris
there was a lot of Tris want alright
magic trevor
37's is jack and rich how do you cope
with your mortality do you think mankind
will successfully eliminate aging an
inch and achieve immortality first time
saying hello thanks to the hours of
entertainment I I just have to accept my
mortality there's very little I can do
about it yeah that's that's how you deal
with it
you can't no you know you deal with it
by accepting it yeah you know I I I
tried it I do and you know obviously
ever everyone I think thinks about death
a lot and so I just try to make sure
that I do things every day like it's
like am i doing something that will that
I will look back fondly on today and
usually the answer is yes sometimes the
answer is no cuz you know we all got a
work and shit like I'm not I'm never
gonna look back and be like man I'm
super glad I cleaned the dishes that day
but
you try to do something that's why
that's why I like traveling so much is
you know like that's important to me I
spend time with my family you do what
what is important to you as far as
eliminating aging to achieve immortality
I don't know I got a feeling they'll be
uploading consciousnesses to do
computers before that happen it's
probably more likely you'll be living in
the matrix yeah which I suppose it'd be
ok with I'd be fine with it but I just
wonder how they would deal with any sort
of like expanding knowledge base just
like make sure that there's room to grow
like what if it's you but you can't like
learn anything new and so your brain
starts like rejecting stuff because you
can't pick up new information and you
end up being stuck in it you know almost
a temporal loop because you can't learn
anything new but then you realize you're
stuck in a temporal loop but that's
learning something new all the horror
it's a black mirror episode oh no it's
not I'm just making life it sound that
sounds like a black mirror presumably a
perfect simulation of a brain gold is
that exactly as much information as a
brain could sure so the question is how
does how much information can your brain
hold and how does it deal with being
full right or or in a simulation of a
brain could they artificially expand
your your memories capacity
all these questions
did I get it are you getting your head
frozen rich probably not like anybody is
getting their head frozen they're
getting bamboozled nobody's gonna bother
to revive any of these people living if
they can't cure what's wrong with them I
mean you're frozen you're basically dead
at that point by the time we're you know
a thousand years in the future and they
can't cure these cancers they'll just
take these people who've been
cryogenically frozen you know let just
shove in a museum hmm
look at this silly thing the specimen of
humanity from ancient culture of America
what about you idiots heck then freeze
some of their dead in the hope of being
rethought and cured someday but we
quickly realized that these people would
be of no use to us today so we said
fucking that's exactly what's gonna
happen to these people yeah hey girl the
whole idea of uploading consciousness is
one of the most horrifying things
especially giving the ethical and
existential implications deal with it I
don't I don't know what to tell you
presumably it would be voluntary and
they wouldn't force your brain into a
computer
six months isn't that and if your
existential crisis is is that still you
keep in mind that even you aren't the
same you you were seven years ago you're
made up of different matter than you
were then it's true that's true
think about how often your body replaces
its own themselves thanks without even
thinking about that just think about
like you know what you've experienced
what you've learned the different the
different neuro pathways in your brain
because of the the sights and sounds
you've experienced would fundamentally
change your personality but not your
brain somebody's saying in all caps
because this is obviously very
distressing for them but yes your same
cells the cells don't divide but the
same cells have the same atoms aren't
they they're doing the brain is doing
things and fluids being exchanged and
moved around mm-hmm and I think at some
point you have to come to grips with the
the concept that you aren't the meat but
you are the information contained on the
beat you
you're the electricity you're the
information right how the electricity
interacts with the meat well so you know
what actually I do think it's a little
bit of a meat it's the parts that the
electricity interact with the meat
measure you and so when we're when we're
talking about recreating our brains in a
computer simulation it's it's not just
the electricity it's about the meat and
how the electricity connects with the
meat I think rich thinks he is much
smarter than he actually is
look I'm not speaking from any kind of
authority jackass this is just this is
just shit I hear about and I find
interesting yeah by the eternal fire no
I'm surprised that's all together I
expect you or I could talk about the
Justice League some more
but I'd prefer you not to tarry and
begin tress you and Brandon here you've
agreed a price we settled on a full coin
purse Brandon & Co is a serious outfit
we've the largest granary in all
novigrad
you're a merchant familiar with how
commerce works of course honest pay for
honest work how fast do you think the
flesh could really go just about well
this is you that the speedforce
is absolutely a supernatural device
which is why the flash is actually
faster than Superman because Superman's
only weakness is Magic Ridge month awful
really throng Superman throwing in fact
yeah I picked up another outfit care
about these outfits but it's like I
don't care about these outfits
all right where'd you think you're going
warehouse job walk wait you know what
not yet what okay man I wasn't paying
attention
rich do you know anything about
simulation theory are you talking about
the the theory that we all might be our
reality might be a just a computer
created simulation I'm familiar with it
I don't know many of the details though
I don't know how many details there are
to the theory you can if you can make a
computer powerful enough to simulate
realities yeah then then in theory right
there is only one reality but there's
potentially many simulated realities so
if you just look at the numbers just
there's more simulated computer
realities and there are actual realities
just one then the odds are we are in a
computer simulated reality sure just if
we were just looking at numbers yeah
right right and if that's what you're
talking about that's literally all I
know about the subject sure but it's
it's one of that's one of those like the
numbers are deceiving like um like the
arrows what's that called what's the
arrow paradox details the the idea is if
you shoot an arrow and you hit a target
the arrow
Evette before before it hits a target it
needs to reach a halfway point okay I
know you're psycho Zeno's paradox right
and before it reaches that halfway point
needs to reach half of that it needs to
reach half that but there's an infinite
amount of powers halfway there's so in
theory by the math alone yeah it will
never reach its target no in practice we
know it already just argue you know
that's just me the world's a fun place
interesting doesn't that mean there is a
creator though someone or something had
to program it and that just could be
some fetish levy computer programmer
living on out the one real earth so
what's not as exciting as you think
right it could be a random programmer
who has no meaning for us at all we're
just a bunch of numbers too yeah
so sure there might be a creator a
creator who doesn't give a fuck about us
or doesn't know we exist
they're running some kind of universe
simulation on a hyper advanced computer
just to just to figure out how the heat
the universe is gonna work no fuck that
fuck that there they're doing they're
doing a roller coaster tycoon universe
edition and we're just NPCs that's what
they're doing and they're just watching
their NPCs and making sure we're happy
so we'll go on their roller coasters
rich
you a man once who reacted to everything
especially adversity by mocking it
healthy attitude must have lived long
came a day he lost both his legs in
battle he shrugged said it was better
that way
he'd never feel pain in them again I
understand him perfectly
I know thing is he was lying to himself
oh yeah we all lie sometimes but lying
to yourself is running a with story who
is really nowhere to run Chris you're
lying to yourself
she's not ugly but her hair yeah it's
too red it's too red she looks like a
clone she looks like a clown I mean she
she looks like Wendy from Wendy's you
know I'll be okay with it
so I can pull them they don't have
actual redheads so they just didn't know
is that what happened yeah
I'm red I like Wendy's and get to me
double-double performance former Soviet
bloc country right there her hair is
only black or gray in communist Poland
hair is only black or gray
mage sorceress what have you didn't have
the heart to refuse we're gonna fight
from the start let's agree your friends
we're never here
now pay the rest and that's part in
peace which is close to having a midlife
crisis I wonder what that will look like
I got that out of the way when I was 20
okay fight
oh you got a purple glow source
apparently forgot how to block I was a
purple glow sword knew I mean I forget
what I forget what i equipped last time
is there a block button or just dodge
rolling there there is a black button
and and even a parry but I don't
remember what it is okay okay oh there
it is there it is left trigger is what
it is by the way
okay we can find Brandon wait I want to
see if their swords are better than my
sword
they have witch hunter swords are they
better than my sword zoink oh says jag
object go find Sheni she's way better
than Tris and yen who Sheni Shanny
shinny
that's not a word they said Shetty I'm
sorry
SH Ani Shanny that's the same so so far
we got yennefer we got Tris and we got
that blonde which Biddy that we were
hanging out like is that Chani I don't
think her name was Shanny okay what's a
Shawnee she's in the DLC I don't I
haven't you see how far I've made it
through the main game I'm nowhere close
to the DLC what's her name
Kiera kyria is is who I met already
so that's your bidding well she was nice
huh you know I I I've got no love lost
fortress here she seems alright but
Kiera not I'm not bad on the old lies
fine you'll call me now now get oh I
wanted to kill him let's go aunt space
cop sounds like it yeah shut up
show your tits why is your hair so red
yeah whatever
I like how you so special boob pockets
on to your leather armor that's useful
never trusted in myself you everything
covered about your cleavage
I mean thanks another rat infested
warehouse not exactly nothing even
remotely satisfying
it was nice to see you again you too
Karen you should go now before Kareem
goes back into hiding somewhere what if
I want to find you yeah who those trees
and then look at her her hood see you
later
Oh is the wind different the trees are
just don't like this
yeah these thick branches and her hood
it's just but it's a very certain
hyoeun what it's made out of cardboard
and iron you all right
we did it we found Tris we get what
we're finding all the biddies rich we're
doing it
hey roach
hello ever told you how much I love
Roach he's an idiot but I love him
scared of other grenades terrified of
you he's an idiot
to be fair he constantly like stops and
falls over and shit so 300 guys made
this game rich give them the brick
wasn't blowing the wind I hate the game
no no no no rich I can read between the
lines
one minor graphical problem and is game
is garbage we hear you we hear you and
by the way I agree
utter garbage I was having a good time
until that moment and now that you've
pointed it out I'm gonna burn my copy
which is on my computer so I have to
burn my computer I'm sorry
we're all right I want to go okay now
that we've met Tris I do want to go back
to the swamp where am i I mean I know
where I am but there there's a post rich
Jack and a rich like Friday the 13th
that should tell you something about
their gripes on glitches you know yeah
yeah I can deal with some questions I
get point them out and find them amusing
doesn't mean I despise a game because of
it
is it fun that's all right that's all
okay
if the fun outweighs the glitches that's
all that matters yes all right
we met Tris room the orphans of
crookback bog that's where we be going
that's a good joke pizza train don't
worry about it that's a good joke I'm
going I'm going to the swamp right now
do you know that girl's beard grows in
real time that's why I won Game of the
Year twice I do know that cuz I shaved
and it grew back and I was really pissed
because I liked it shave I had to pay
money to shave so you lost me money it
just grows back
how long is again huh how long does
again I wonder if it could grow like I
think this is as long as it gets yeah I
don't think you can it can go any longer
alright no I didn't get any quests no
this is one kibosh malarkey says the
arbitrary celestial happenstance
committee has selected both you for
uplift from morale shitbag to minor
deity please select which trivial aspect
of existence you would like to preside
over hmm
minor deity so you know we're taught
we're talking the the Greek and Roman
gods yeah yeah I'm gonna say that's a
fair question what would you like to
preside over being left alone go away
the god of being left alone for oh by
the way rich yeah I know that was a joke
but do you understand how powerful of a
God you would be yeah because the only
way God's grow and power the more
tribute is paid to them and if not a lot
of people believe in you the less people
that believed in you the more power you
would have that sounds like a sweet deal
you've created the ultimate God and then
you could do anything as long as you
didn't get caught that's a fine concept
yeah yeah
see mate so yeah we finished little
nightmares last stream we finished that
richness found a loophole Oh No yep
that's what I'm good at love them
loopholes mm-hmm mm-hmm
let's see here and Fred you know for me
yeah there's so there's so many there's
so many fun things that I would want to
be God over does that make me the
villain of the next season of American
Gods we now have to face our most deadly
challenge yet
the god of apathy if no one cares about
him he becomes more powerful so they
have to like Tiffany they like they make
a TV show about this cop and then they
have to get the word out they have to
make everybody care about you and try to
find you that weakens yeah I guess let's
get them in we've brought a bus full of
people with us all just to look at you
that's it MC Lucas a god that gets more
powerful the more atheists there are
that would be rich the god of leaving me
alone it would be perfect they would be
perfect you know and you know for me can
it can I just be the god of coffee and a
good book I just want a cup of coffee
and a good book and then I'm set and
everyone who has a cup of coffee and
reads a good book a praise to me and I
would like that the showrunners of
American Gods just walked away from the
series today
oh no means next season's definitely at
the rich Evan you've already won you've
already won rich um does that mean it's
not happening anymore or new showrunners
popular than I've probably do sure one
or so well it's you know what it wasn't
perfect the first season okay it was it
was good I enjoyed a lot of it but it
wasn't perfect so I actually wouldn't
mind it getting handed over to someone
else okay okay
so I ya know mal reco I liked season one
but I could see there was room for
improvement so it was beautiful but very
very dumb caruso trips yes but I liked
it it there was a lot of neat visuals
there was a lot of artistry and there
there was a lot of fun ideas especially
with like who was God of what and and
how their how their godly powers worked
so random question I'm seeing I'm gonna
read one of the readers because I want
to know the answer myself when is the
second half of the tick coming out do
you know you watched the first half I
did watch the first half I thought I
read it wasn't coming out until 2018 Wow
so jinyo I could be wrong I guess we're
really close to 2018 so never mind
but still it's months rich it's months
between the first half in the second
half a year Oh birdie do ya
January ish says Tiberius Kirk still
that's too long it was good
the first half of season one of the tick
was shockingly good wait because it's
only six episodes right like for like
yes four it's nothing rich it is
absolutely nothing Wow maybe not four
but whatever it whatever it is it wasn't
enough but it was really good it was the
thing hold on I'll tell you exactly how
many episodes it was in one moment
February 23rd the remaining six episodes
okay so they did six that's just I'm not
the remaining six sure yeah I mean they
had six I could have had four and then
six are coming
six episodes including the pilot yeah
yep oh come on and they were good
is there a deflator Mouse in the new
show asked asks mr. glitch no we don't
necessarily need them they they have
they have characters that take on that
role kind of the one with Patrick
Warburton know the one with Peter
Serafinowicz it's on Amazon and it's
kind of brand new yeah you might not
have heard of it but there's there's a
new a new tic series on Amazon Prime yep
yeah it's new and it's good likes to
bring up Patrick Warburton as the tech
and that it's so weird to me because the
first thing I think of when I think of
the tech is the animated show yeah is um
I can't think of his name but that's the
tick in my head I say this every time he
has a strange sounding name Warburton
was perfectly cast it was bad writing on
the show I do agree with that but
Townsend Townsend Coleman
Thank You Tiberius gave me Coleman
Tiberius gave me Coleman Townsend
Coleman is the name of the voice actor
who did the ticke for the 90s cartoon
show and he what is go come on Roche
immediate horse and as far as I'm
concerned he is the one and only tick
yeah Patrick Warburton is doing a
Townsend Coleman impression Peter
Serafinowicz was the voice of Darth Maul
what that's true kid two lines so really
it's still true
he tells a very good story about how he
wasn't originally invited to the
premiere he also tells very good story
about George Lucas directing him mm-hmm
Bandon camp yeah eat a dick
Peter Serafinowicz is he's a funny guy
and he's well cast is the tick oh and it
works like the the writing is there son
of a bitch
I'm gonna die and I don't know when the
last time I saved his okay run away run
away Gerald I mean it's really weird
he was Darth Maul more than anything
else because he says go and he's he's a
funny comedian yeah thank you
what I'm away from the bandits now you
can meditate put your damn sword away
Geralt who are you getting ready to
fight thank you no but he's perfect I
love that they're a little more focused
on Arthur this time it makes a lot more
sense in live-action look you wanted
every man that's that's the direction
you go yep it's good it's all good it's
a fine it's a quality show yeah so what
what is the story about his story about
being directed by George Lucas small is
you know he have these lines he'd have
these lines like like we will find him
I'm in George we go could you be more
menacing mouse go Tom could you be more
on messing with fine
like Jay is like according to him George
just could not give two fucks about
directing him in his voice work so it's
good stories I'd look it up there on
YouTube there on the tubes good you all
right so my car my bad guys yep oh you
want to kill the Gennari George couldn't
give two fucks about directing period
yeah basically why do I want to kill the
Jedi because you're no Sith Lord
uh-huh and you want to kill him I
recognize this dagger
my master I didn't know you belong to
them don't belong to anyone down to
business I want to give us done quickly
so that's how it's to be I'm supposed to
help solve your problem tell me what it
is just the essentials the war awoken
ancient power an evil one that feeds on
bloodshed and folks sleepwalk from their
owners never that is a very green shirt
for a pet you know like they they have
some oddly bright colors made out of
leaves all they had for died was
chlorophyll
I'm just saying going along with your
red hairs go there it's like some colors
are extraordinarily bright Jack Jack be
sensitive CG CD Projekt the colorblind
that's cool
I was I was disability shaming I'm so
sorry I know that's not how
colorblindness works I know you ever
seen the on YouTube the colorblind less
know there are supposing this bunch of
videos so it's a pretty elaborate hoax
if it's a hoax but there are glasses
that can correct some forms of
colorblindness sure and there are videos
of people getting these glasses as like
a present or something and just seeing
colors no the first time hmm
certain colors for the first time right
and being freaked out okay you know like
most color blindness is not even like
you know black and white it's just like
Oh reds and greens kind of look the same
to me
you know this picture some guy looking
at like a shampoo bottle like this is
purple that's gotta be really weird to
your brain though holy crap I don't like
it I
like the color purple but now I know
what it looks like need more details you
times folks from around here gathered to
chop down the trees I recommend looking
for some of these videos they're amusing
the ground with human bones ladies of
the wood don't know what this power is
they know all Oh sack like lame they'd
be punishing us folks stop respecting
them some even call them witches but
must not be they they sent you I look
around the whispering hillock you be
careful master Witcher don't you treat
this evil like I've been wearing purple
shoes this whole time like could you
imagine why didn't any of you tell me I
was wearing purple shoes
it's like dad they were cheaper you
didn't care yeah but I'm wearing purple
fucking shoes this whole time
hey Rach I got freaked out for a second
because this says hey Rach wagon for
sale and I was just like I looking
through to see if there's any quest to
take on and you know that my online name
is har Lac and so I saw the H a the are
the a the C decay and I was like whoa
did they get my information somehow or
what's you know in Poland what's a
Harlech our lack of iron barn floor
against the origin but it was hey Rach
everything's fine dr. Lou it up says if
you could quantum leap into somebody who
would you choose I could quantum leap
into someone yeah and make something
right and make something right and
quantum leap out
president Trump good night everybody I
delivered I deliberately not Jack I
deliberately skipped the first part of
that question which was if you would
leap into Donald Trump what would you do
I left that out through the monkey
wrench right in there I wear my heart on
my sleeve rich we're right on it I guess
just saying you know I could take over
someone's body for a little bit and say
anything and do anything I want right
now there's someone who who could use
some straightening out it's all this all
so I'm saying
I got nothing that could top that oh
wait I read that does it really say that
yep
how crazy that's great by the way I just
love the the kismet of that situation of
them asking about Donald Trump you
trying to skirt it and me just laser get
and anyone who is watching there you saw
me you solved my wheels turn like should
I say it should I say it cuz I could
probably think of something else but I
want to say it and I just said is that
worked out that's great nickel causes
hey guys I am eco check did you enjoy
Springfield at Universal I love that
they have a real most tavern yeah
Springfield was great
like I said it's more than most happen
oh they have it yes they have that most
have urn they have cletus's Chicken
Shack they have the fancy their fancy
restaurants they have their have a
Simpsons house they don't have the
Simpsons house look there's only so many
things you can have like the Simpsons
house would be a madhouse rich like most
tavern is literally like a place where
you eat like it's a restaurant there
yeah if they had a like a full-scale
Simpsons house that would be the ride
and I think people would get pissed
they have lard lad doughnuts you can buy
giant doughnuts too one of which the
chat is asking when we're over again
quickie mark they do have a quicky Mart
it's like a regular convenience store
it's a committee a well it's like their
gift shop you know yeah yeah but it's
it's the kwik-e-mart what do they have
like things you can ormally get a
quickie more in there they're like a
magazine rack they do sell squishies
they sell squishies and I loved that
they sold squishies and Krusty Burger oh
yeah they have Kristen okay they have N
and the Krusty burgers are pretty good
okay it looked pretty good Krusty
burgers let me tell you that more
importantly to me it is one of the two
places in the country that you can get a
Duff Beer
can you get abort license plate
somebody's asking that's a great
question and I don't actually know the
answer to that I don't know the answer
to whether or not you can get abort
license plate there we go
but now I'm upset that I didn't look
harder for abort license plate but so
they do have Duff Beer and for you know
obviously anyone who knows the Simpsons
that's that's their beer in Springfield
and so they get a special beer brewed
for them that is Duff Beer and it's
really good yeah it's a light beer
little citrus notes it's very tasty how
many people would buy a board key win
how many people it'd be insane wouldn't
it you would think yeah but I mean how
many so but you know Universal is all
these lands right they got they got
minions land they got Harry Potter land
they have you know other stuff so how
many people who go there for Harry
Potter land really care about the
citizens but you know you still walk
through it cuz you pay for the whole
part sure sure
I'm gonna guess a lot of people even if
you care about Harry Potter a lot and
that's why you go there you probably
also like the Simpsons I'm guessing
there's a large number of people that
whatever else they might be going there
for also like the Simpsons
I'm gonna guess third only thirty
percent would buy a board keyring so op
yeah oh it's a little tongue yeah
I have
oh I only have an armoured repair kit I
want our weapons our packet dang it
I need to go see a blacksmith the kids
these days like The Simpsons
they haven't even seen the good years if
while we were eating at Krusty Burger at
Moe's Tavern
they had a loop of simps of little
Simpsons bits yeah and my kids fell in
love with it and we we get FX yeah and
so if you if you have a cable network or
if you subscribe to FX you can get
simpsons world which is streaming every
single episode of The Simpsons ever and
that's all my kids watch now they oh
right right they don't care about
anything else except for watching
episodes of The Simpsons they love it
they fucking love it
which is great so I know but my kids had
no clue with the Simpsons where in fact
like they they saw they saw somewhere
like a Simpsons Lego set and they called
it the Simpsons like the Simpsons you
know they humans this was you know this
is before we went to Universal cut a
tree cut a tree dick nice guy Eddie
$0.57 we need a B we need a behind the
music style documentary of George Lucas
starring rich Evans sidenote saw harlot
farm sign in San Antonio Texas today
whoa where am I going
dr. Lou it up says guys those were best
two American dollars I've ever spent
here's another two thanks Jack and rich
you're welcome how's that the quantum
leap question
we do what we can we do what we can well
maybe like a big enemy over here I hear
roaring I hear roaring
right is it not day out oh no it's the
day then why is there a werewolf
werewolves work different in this
universe Oh yep I guess
well fire ah that's just what I was
thinking
I'm a dick
what are you doing ah yeah you don't get
to heal yeah oh I can meditate I'm gonna
cheese Nico : official talk okay how do
you feel about plans for the upcoming
Nintendo land a real mario kart go kart
ride sounds pretty darn neat magic yeah
it's it's interesting you know the the
the weirdest thing about Universal was
the older stuff like the fact that there
is a water world stunt show and you know
of the mummy ride the the the fact that
there is even a Simpsons land is kind of
weird because you know kids don't know
what that is anymore but it's it's still
around so I'm all for it yeah an
attendent world it could be really cool
I'm good
it could be really cool my my only my
only issue with Universal is a lot of
the rides that they had their worth
emotion rides and I don't know if I talk
oh you know you got the screaming and
the car moves and those make me so
nauseous that I can't go on them yeah
and so for a lot of the rides I would
wait in line with my family and not go
on and then like what's going on right
yeah I'm gonna be over there it depended
on how long the line was no like if the
line was under a half an hour like oh
yeah you got it
but if it was like 45 minutes or or like
the Harry Potter ride I want to say was
that like an hour wait yeah for the
Harry Potter ride and it was like I you
know I just don't want to sticker with
that you know with the kids for an hour
straight yeah but if it was under I'd
say yeah you go I'm gonna go back to
Simpsons where I'll get another Duff
I'll see you in a little bit
Jack the stripper DD $0.07
please put this tip towards the rich
plays God of War on stream money / I'm
sure we'll reach the goal soon and that
is fraud there is no such money goal I I
played a little bit of the first god of
war back in the day yeah and it was
right around the same time I was really
like really into ninja gaiden ok and God
of War does not hold up favorably
compared to ninja gaiden yeah it's a
difference this is different thing it's
worse combat with a lot of garbage
QuickTime events tacked on to it yeah
not a God of War fan it's been a while
since I've played a gun at war game I'll
be honest with you compared to ninja
gaiden it's a piece of fucking shit I
don't disagree
wait no that's how do it there we go all
right do we get a Ninja Gaiden stream
possibly someday I mean I might have
streamed a bit of it before in the past
I don't remember
am i prepared for this fight I don't
feel like I am probably out of practice
and played like shit but I think I would
upload a bit of that you might have
they sense once
since a nice icon all right
nope out of the water out of the water
you dick to this her flaming Moe's they
do serve flaming Moe's flaming Moe's
though our non-alcoholic of course of
course
yeah so I actually did not drink a
flaming Moe because I'm not gonna pay a
lot of money for a non-alcoholic
right-right be honest I almost went into
severe credit card debt buying all of
the Duff beers I did being as expensive
as they were but I figured to myself
ones you know this is it this is the
only time I'm gonna drink a def beer in
my life isn't Duff Beer up here with a
soul or just not there it was an actual
beer there it's actual beer yeah it's an
actual beer it's a very nice beer
I think they sell like duff beer in a
can that is the layout
are you here to grunt weed or is my
friend
I played the PlatinumGames TMNT game I
kind of avoided it it looked a lot like
their transformers game which was half
asked if I were being generous
yeah I'm assuming much much like the
Transformers game they just recycled the
bebop and Rocksteady fight over and over
again that trades hands game and like
bebop and Rocksteady they're like my
Toulouse favorite Ninja Turtles
characters so yeah
which transformers game I forgot what
they called it it's just PlatinumGames
did a SIL shaded transformers games
devastation was that it I think it is
transformers devastation no cop I'm
there's a decision to be made with this
horrible monster okay rich would you be
willing to give transformers video games
the second chance in the form of war for
slash fall of Cybertron they're really
good games especially if you are a g1
fan what do you want
I think the earliest transformers the
first ones that came out like a
generation yeah I don't know the
Transformers lost me as a kid with the
movie when they killed Optimus Prime I
was I was gone I just go on I never
really looked back yeah yeah like really
you're gonna kill the one character I
like in the entire fucking series yeah
I'm gone I don't care about this hot rod
cocksucker try to shove a new character
down my throat even sell more toys jerks
I know what you're doing yeah I'm
fucking I'm fucking 9 and I know what
you're doing
I cried what happened then a Martian
wrestler movies when Optimus time yeah
that was it for me that was it free for
the franchise
whoo
I got a tough decision to make you rich
yeah so if you remember way back in the
day I was in that swamp with the kids
and the witches and the witches sent me
here for some reason I forgot why they
sent me here but I found this dude yeah
and this dude's and so I'm supposed to
kill this dude this dude says wait the
witches are the real bad guy and they're
gonna hurt the children and only I can
save the children so it's if you free me
I'll help the children can you kill them
all just be safe right which is burn it
with fire remember when you tried I did
trust the ghost you're right jack feed
him the horse I'm not gonna feed him a
roach roaches dumb butt my friend kill
him jack all right I'm gonna kill him
and Chad I'm I'm well aware that after
the Transformers movie that changed
their plans for the GI Joe movie they
were originally going to kill Duke you
know so they could sell new toys here's
the funny thing yeah I wish it was the
other way around because I don't really
care that much for Duke yeah they kill
Duke got a bit like Snake Eyes okay all
right you can kill Duke
did you not trust it I didn't I did not
trust it
damnit
can you change your mind haha huh can
you change your mind no I'm supposed to
kill this is okay we'll see we'll see if
I was right or not Chapas what are the
odds that jack was right
well would you put the odds at
we're about to find out
yeah all right no I want to know yeah is
there what is the is there in game logic
and in game an in-game hint that would
let you know who to trust or is this
really just a fucking coin flip
no no so the the reason why I decided
you know a lot of the chat was saying
you know don't trust him don't trust him
right yeah but the reason I decided to
was when before I got here I had to talk
to the people of the village and the
people of the village so not only did
the witches say that this guy was bad
trouble all the people of the village
said when we go here everyone dies and
you know whatever lives in this cave
kills everything all right but if okay
if it turns out the tree was right
hmm I I would be upset if there's not a
clear in-game indication I believe the
more people you talk the more
information you gather the more
informative decision okay okay I think
that's the the incentive to talk to all
the villagers like hey tell me what you
know about that that cave over there and
then they'll all tell you stories and
you have to make the try right but uh so
I do think there is more to it than just
a coin flip in real life you don't
always know who to trust either Richard
this is a video game I think in a video
game there needs to be clues and hints
clear parameters yeah yeah rules rules
yeah I'm with rich here but I I think it
was there and enough people were giving
me the same story where I was like all
right I'm gonna believe everyone else's
story but who knows rich I might get
back to the witches right now and all
the kids are dead I just don't know I
fully expect that to be the case we're
gonna find out
come here Roch you dumb roach cut damn
it come here you idiot
I love you let's go
take it easy
solved your problem just in case they'll
avoid the whispering he'll look for a
while can all be where something lurking
there
and sour spirited possessed a tree on
the hill it was responsible for the
killings
how'd you dispel this evil I hit it with
my Ford possess the trees whores oh it's
evident so it were a ghost will it be
back no
the Crone's of all the ladies of the
wood as you call them said to remind you
about the payment take it you know what
they want
no he do give me the dagger be back soon
oh oh oh
show it show it show it oh it's just in
here it's just an ear it's fine it's
just a mirror they did show it kind of
radars Peyman
take it to the ladies well yeah
it is are packed you're a stranger you
don't know life here it's honest paid
for their protection just in here all
those years in the woods put it out your
mind master you soon believe in and we
must re on our young uns and their young
uns after no gods nor masters watch over
Bella Milan does know much he wants to
survive must seek his own protectors
that's not so bad
that's what I'm saying I get it we'll
pay the witches the witches of hubless
take care of our monsters and we just
give him some years not even not even a
lot of years just one year for the whole
village right
why do they have to pay the protection
you did all the work what do they do
they sent me these are the witches who I
love I love their monster design
you see is like sack of arms you see
that like sack of body parts that looks
like a child's arm might be a child
okay children oh yeah that's right we're
helping them out because they I
completely forgot why we were helping
them in the first place cuz they're
gonna lead us to Jennifer no who's the
who's my daughter is that yennefer Oh
should I press the button the woman you
see because when you ask oh good
I think sis or Siri that's who it is
Siri I'm from Vampira says Siri yes
vampa the vampire assassin lady is my
daughter
I am a newsagent who seeks out the news
that others fear to search out
hello Geralt thank you for saving me
from witches
don't believe you they say you always
keep your word so tell me everything
exactly as it happened we're getting
somewhere
Jack after turning in a long quest I'm
sorry who are you
absolutely aye aye very often forget
things and games like this like what was
I doing like that which I love that ODS
gross and that great mm-hmm that's
beautiful that's beautiful design
and she has a nice skirt everybody's got
a nice car it's the hip thing just the
cool thing Jack you killed the kids I
don't think so
but we'll see I haven't seen the kids
yet but we're in a cutscene great
oh oh that's right I have different
powers
so I don't have magic got cash dang it
you forget you forget all the things
when you play us here you don't have
magic and you can do this place for a
lot this is only the second time I play
this aren't that and so that's why it's
it's confusing
oh she has things that eventually
American powers
check apparently you're supposed to run
what I think they're just going to keep
coming
oh really yeah see the big arrow gosh
dang it
yeah I see this big arrow I was having
fun fighting monsters I'm sorry I was
there were monsters that's the Wild Hunt
they're here for ciri for some reason
it's gone I have no idea what's going on
sometime later whoops
will will will
you tried to kill her try to butcher her
like an animal and eat her it's in the
basket she's got a log on her face no
it's just a basket huh
kill the witches hey you tell me I kind
of like the witches but they did try to
eat my daughter and maybe they're
killing the children but they're also
protecting the town folk and the town
will be and then the timely defenses but
I also killed the thing that was hurting
the town yeah
oh I like them that's cute yeah they
sure were talking a lot of shit but
they're witches it's okay
anonymous I started working on
Wednesdays and your streams have always
made the four-hour drive 10 miles home
enjoyable thanks hashtag Los Angeles
traffic what would you say are the three
worst games you played in 2017 bad Los
Angeles traffic is for Rijo I've heard
for real
so I've heard it's crazy to me anyone
who lives outside of the main city and
has those drives like I have friends
every single day rich an hour and a half
one way faster so the thing is well you
wouldn't want to do that it's hot and it
is not a walking friendly City yeah bike
huh bike it's not really a biking
friendly City it's it's everything's far
apart and there's cars everywhere rich
you will die if you have a motorcycle
motorcycles it is legal for motorcycles
to ride in between cars
yeah probably makes things worse not if
there's a giant traffic jam you can sure
you can Zuppa tea doop man you can zip
it a dupe real easy so it's it's
terrible there it's just terrible
photo mode it's close to time all right
then we can call it yeah three three
worst games do you have anything worst
yeah
games that we've played this year came
out this year I yeah that's the real
problem right there is remembering what
we even played once we played and we
played we play so many games off the top
of my head err that I technically did
not play her so oh there you go the the
ghost one two three grenades one two
switch
yeah one two switch was a was a really
bad game that I played like let that
layers of fear game it's hard to even
call that a game yeah that was bad but
nothing that made me angry like like
with one two or the order
oh yeah the order that was terrible um
well I can't Jack beat this game in one
sitting
I can barely beat one mission in one
sitting
no look you know what little nightmares
had its good moments yeah it had enough
like it was it was a little dull but it
had neat art direction and it had that
one very intense sequence with all the
people chasing us so I'm gonna give that
a pass I don't know if it's a very good
game but it at least had enough going
for it to keep it interesting for me
Pub G look I can't even admit I had fun
pub GES coop yeah yeah there was a net
there was enough good about pub G
overall I think pub G isn't a very good
game but there's enough good things
about it
wasn't there a crappy megaman clone you
played was that this year mighty number
9 no idea when we do anything mighty
number 9 I know everyone loves to
despise that game yeah it wasn't the
worst thing I've ever seen
it was just dull yeah it was really dull
half-baked yeah oh that's a better way
to put it control mice yep No
uncharted for rich rich love Final
Fantasy 7 look I don't think that counts
as a game from 2017 they just did a game
you played this year yeah not a lot not
a lot to go off of but you know yeah
nothing is worse than the middle of the
pack it's it's it's really true them you
know why because the middle of the pack
will be forgotten
yeah people will forever talk about
Batman V Superman and in a couple years
not many people are gonna remember
Justice League
Bobby promise a great game and another
very little Barbie prom was a great game
masterpiece alright hey everybody
now is the time in the stream in which
we say thank you to all of the people
who have subscribed to us during this
very stream much like atomic mousetrap
who has subscribed to us for 14 months
in a row I last 1984 for 30 fucking
months in a row
Larry Kenobi 1-1 3-8
for 26
fucking months in a row says may the
farce be with you
Garfunkel for 14 months in a row lonar
hasn't what the worst game I played this
year press X not the press X to not die
that was the worst
I had no fun playing then she being
short blunts a lot of badness I hadn't I
had no fun
you said Garfunkel bruiser Inc for 14
months in a row lakyn for 29 fucking
months in a row booty smack arac for 14
months in a row super hot we like super
hot yeah
oh no I liked there was enough good
about it like the main mechanic was good
yeah the the story was pretentious as
hell oh sure but now the main mechanic
was good yeah we liked a lot about super
hot booty smack Iraq for 14 months in a
row add boron for 14 months in a room
Brown Adam Sandler says nearing the
one-year anniversary love you guys
oh well Morello Hughes Madeleine dusts
what is that no Klingon Maryland Plus
that side Satan Klingon Tala knock mr.
Alex Reynolds for 14 months in a row
says with celebrity sex perverts being
named and shamed left and right these
days and I'm gonna finish I'm not even
gonna finish I'm done with that I don't
need to talk about sex creeps general
Gore there's more from everyday rich
it's great bust them all bust all the
creeps says thanks for plinky Doe number
four outtake I learned more about the
film general gore more
quotes because I know nothing of it
before and rich randomly talking about
it once on the stream so thinking of a
username I went with general Gore Thanks
you fucking mic oh that's that's right
you did talk about general yeah space
man one digger blue for 14 months in a
row says you guys are awesome thank you
thanks for the entertainment
welcome captain swc for 12 months in a
row creo 42 for 35 fucking months in a
row an unqualified bard says ditched
Amazon Prime because I haven't ordered
anything in two months every sub when
the tip comes back speaking of which any
thoughts on the show or on Amazon
cutting the season and a half to
discourage binge watching well it didn't
work because I haven't watched it at all
because I want to binge watch it so if
that was their official reason we want
to discourage binge watching that's
utter bullshit yeah as a streaming
service you can put out one show a week
Hulu does it all the time sure but I
mean why would they give a shit if I
like binge watching or not right well
III think it was a logistic point where
they said you know we can get six
episodes out quick yeah that's probably
what it was which is why most shows only
release one Episode a week and so Amazon
should have done that if they would have
only released one Episode a week that
would have given them more time and
there would be this less they're less of
this dead space if they wanted to
discourage binge watching they should
have you know released it in a non binge
fashion idiots
um Lambie wouldn't be annoying too if
they wanted at least one a week is i
binge watch everything well though but
for you you'd be in the same boat yeah
sure but it would be more frustrating I
think Oh cuz every week yeah sure it's
it's
like I have an incredible case of blue
balls because it's there there's enough
of it but they just they left you
hanging where were we on Lambie for 10
months in row says flippity whoo here's
a tongue twister for you the sixth sick
sheiks sixth sheep sick it's great check
this you did great that's exactly what
that says the sixth sick sheiks sixths
the 66 chic six sheeps sick Wow
pretender you nailed that I know I did I
can't do it my tongues not working huh
Oh evil crash nine six six six six
sheeps sick doobie and it's the six six
chic six sheep sick I can't even wrap my
head about all right what words I need
to say rich and your your your busting
this out like it's nothing Jesus says I
want tremors review dang nabbit didn't
we do it they made one already the first
one I think it brings sarcastic no miss
toots says guys I just bought hand of
fate too it's neat haven't played a game
like that before thanks for the
recommendation
welcome yeah it is neat I haven't played
a game like that before this first one
to also yeah if you really like that
whole unlocking card thing it's pretty
nice
death blossoms 40 for universal RC McNee
84 Lucas Ducas 426 fucking months in a
row power fantasy for 14 months in a row
says hello moisture gang Hellcat striker
says how do you like the Avengers teaser
trailer
I thought it was very cool that was I
this is every one of the trailers looks
good so you know I'm sure well I'm just
excited everyone's coming together the
they also could just be a mess for
nobody gets enough screen time we'll see
we'll see we'll see I the Russo brothers
I think have done a good job so far so
we'll see but I yeah my hype meter is is
is up but you know what we still have at
least of Black Panther to get through so
it's like settle down Marvel its I need
to do better or worse than ant-man black
panther yeah it's gonna do significantly
better yeah yeah yeah well where'd you
leave who did what where we at we're on
Zion Co for 14 months in a row who says
hijack and rich I just I just sent I
just spent 70 hours getting enough
points to unlock all the characters in
Star Wars Battlefront 2 plus extra for
DLC people and I also got my friend to
get me the exclusive Ray's removable
blade saber from Disneyland am I wasting
my life yes that's very sad no man if
you enjoyed it then you did what you
want it's very sad that's like it did
you enjoy your 70 hours or did you feel
like it was you're grinding for
something unobtainable if you had a good
time
then that's all that matters man you do
you do you do you get a win yeah Kedar
win oh god let's get our wooden future
future Jay who says hey rich you've
talked before about building that sweet
roofed enterprise model refit to
enterprise model is a model painting
livestream getting close sir I think it
would be a great experimental straining
maybe as good as Lego sorting
for one if I did do that it would
require years of working my way up to up
with other smaller models and learning
how to paint good sure and make models
good and for another thing that's that's
probably like a months-long project
building one of them things and not a
stream so probably not sausage toes for
35 fucking months in a row
Loyd beads for 39 motherfucking months
in a row
chicken Mick buttocks for 14 months in a
row break you idiot clone to 7 to 7 for
20 fucking months in a row says humans
and their root beer six slim various
errors six lugubrious errors says hi
jerk and ranch halt whore low space camo
39 motherfucking months in a row the WSC
are miller
for 27 fucking months in a row says i
lost the only job I've ever had and you
guys are getting me by but I also have
no fucking clue what I want to do
anymore in 10 seconds or less can you
give me meaning and direction in this
world you made your own meaning in this
world man
it's true it's not a meaning out there
for you to find you decide on this
yourself and if we give it to you it
won't be as meaningful gotta find It
Yourself dog no we but we believe in you
I don't know I don't know I didn't go
that far jack but I believe in you I
have I have I have the minimum amount of
belief that I give anyone you can do it
they just get the default amount of
belief though not anything extra you
they might they may or may not be able
to do it may or may not I think and I be
strong
okay yes yes be strong okay if you can I
don't know I say I wish I wish we could
just end up both got like we're not like
a dozen more names to read you say this
every time I say that every time it
always bothers me it always bothers me
every time you but you know this is the
smart call you know it's the smart yeah
is that or is that not ruining the joke
you're killing the punch I know I know
should end it I should just
see I really wanted to leave it off
there but you think these people who
subscribed they're gonna be upset of
course everyone else is gonna be upset
that it wasn't fair the recipe building
at their names red uh-huh so I'm gonna
find I had the good ending for the joke
yeah now we have we have to pass that by
no and then when we get to the end where
we're at yeah in the conversation that's
where it has to end and it's not
necessarily gonna be on a good joke
that's true that's true bad roll the
dice but this is the smart call always
is it's always a smart call to thank the
people
