Apr 30, 2017
Steredenn
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147259770
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147261016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCX74lA0BsA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMbz-Bb11J0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/858743744757149696

[Part I]
what everybody whoa all you
motherfuckers whoa
you notice I'm feeling really good today
yep and I have no earthly reason to feel
really good I think my life is falling
apart so you feel good because your life
was falling apart no like like I was
incredibly busy I was a Biddy I was a
busy Biddy of this we credibly Biddy I
was I was a busy bee and I didn't get
anything I wanted to get done done right
now I don't know if people can see in
the camera I am currently wearing shorts
even though it is approximately 40
degrees out yeah why is that because I
had I didn't even have function it was
the game started I didn't even have time
I'll fuck to do my laundry this weekend
so like I just don't have any clean
pants so I said fuck it I'll wear shorts
that's how little control I have over my
life at the moment but that's the way
that's the weird thing rich is I'm like
I'm feeling pretty good like I have a
fine
I got no worries and usually when your
life's crumbling around you you start to
get anxious and that's what helps
motivate your future Oh
look at that like so white so blinding
yeah yeah welcome to my life so this is
a game called I I know is it's like
where what is this game called again
starid then stare and then I think I
don't know saying by IKEA I guess sturdy
being it is it is it was billed as a
endless shoot-'em-up yep kind of a rope
roguelike how god roguelike endless
shoot him up yep Jesus oh no oh God
how does your reflector even work I've
never had that weapon before I have no
idea this is like a third time I've
played I've tried to play this sure sure
it a couple of times before we started
Stanton didn't stand him dim I can catch
it live oh my god welcome Jack uses
mayonnaise as lotion that's so fucking
gross that's so gross so say you weren't
short she likes fall apart well I'm
sawing apart but I'm feeling all right
that's what's falling apart in your life
oh I was not getting anything done okay
like your wife isn't getting ready to
leave you no no nothing work their kids
have not started doing drugs no nothing
like that I'm just not getting anything
done that I want to get done and
you know I was being a little hyperbolic
about but usually usually like you know
at this point I start getting really
anxious and that's what helped motivate
me but I'm just doing all right Kevin
I'm all right we Stacey spots dad yeah
that weapon sucks yeah where the fuck is
Mario Cart oh let's you know what guys
let's talk about motherfucking Mario
Kart as soon as I log into the laptop
that that's right dude I got Mario Kart
on Friday Wow
as I was talking about getting Mario
Kart on Friday I'm a you know a big
Mario Kart fan and and I was gonna get
it for the switch so I could play Mario
Kart without the hassle of you know
dealing with my kids because the switch
is in my office that we use in the
living room
so you know get a little more cards and
you know like one of those you know see
difference is what's going on it's Mario
Cart Mark Kirk to look smart guard eight
deluxe which is basically Mario Kart 8
with a DLC pack Wow yeah yeah it's what
value it does have some new features
that make it really great
as someone who games with their children
uh-huh
it has Auto accelerate and auto rails it
should drop and I know what drop please
um maybe like like probably drop is like
item drop so you get a bit of a greater
drop rate and more damage that's pretty
good yeah sounds good I'll take that
I'll take that yeah take that oh honey
good stuff up here
okay so auto rails and auto accelerate
which means when I play with my
six-year-old they never get so
frustrated that it's annoying to them
you know because basically they they
don't they don't even they don't even
have to press the gas button or steer
their part we'll just go it doesn't
affect me but it just keeps them moving
for which is very very helpful as a
parent gamer that's really neat they've
added a new battle mode that is with a
tool with some apps and they've added
two new racing maps to mechanic but
really it's a it's a patch
who homing missiles my attack really
it's a patch and a DLC all right homing
missiles
oh yeah this himself
normally Jack's style is lesbian dad
with today's gun for college students
true I'm just wearing whatever is clean
today that's it that's all I can do
that's all I can
oh shit I lost my normal stasis and the
holy muscles oh that blows I wonder if
there's a special way that you have to
pick them up - yeah probably replaces
them yeah one you're using shit
well that's gonna be good this could be
this gets the one oh yeah if anything
like you can just you can just spam that
and just count straight and I told my be
too sensitive Jack who's sensitive rich
I want to find two lovebirds I can't
find Jun them uh-huh when was the last
time I went to an actual arcade a
long-ass time long-ass time ago Jesus
shit oh fuck oh fuck a long-ass time ago
when was the last time I went to an
actual arcade you know probably before I
was 18 probably before hoes hate see why
is rich playing on a controller this is
a game that you play on a controller
yeah duh it looks both for everything
there are some controls that you play on
a controller
get get get it together people about
that get it right - fuck -
okay so Friday I get my retard and I go
to play smarter card on Friday um and
all and I get my handy-dandy pro
controller and you know I turn on the
switch and my pro controller and I'm
going in through the Mario Kart we were
just looking at the menus and all of a
sudden my pro controller disconnects you
have to fuck is with that why is my pro
controller disconnecting oh you know
what it's been a while since I've played
anything I bet it were not a battery so
you're not plugged in reconnected it
reconnects for approximately 30 seconds
and then disconnects again W so much
Phillips knows now god damn it failed to
kill the thing that would give me
another weapon guys I can't kill things
fast enough I like the homing missiles
but you like I need a good I need a good
secondary you need a machine gun yes I
need a machine gun to complement this
yep you needed what they call a DPS you
need a damage per second yes especially
with a damage boost power-ups have taken
right
games so loud being a bit too loud all
right take a moment whenever you already
I am NOT ready to cross okay that's what
I can't hear you what we're getting
fucking die I want to say probably one
of our last things is that there's a
very quiet team sir Eastern Oh dad that
was writing the balls they're rich
alright great so she's game the game
down a little turned desktop audio down
oh and actually yeah it's most probably
because we're quiet
we're quieter than usual but we get
louder so I got dumber
great see how that works sorry Frank
that look you know rich it looks perfect
okay so here's the shit my controller
keeps disconnecting yeah my pro
controller keeps disconnecting I said
well shit something's wrong my pro
controller I guess I'll have to play
with the stupid joi cons yeah I hate the
joy cons so they're dumb so then I get
my joy Khan's out and I I try to pair
the joy Khan's and they pair and thirty
seconds later my joy Khan's disconnects
I heard there were some kind of
disconnection issues for the switch and
so of course I started googling it and
you know I try I restart to switch you
know I go through all the steps they
both have battery power and you know I
go through all of the methods that is
suggested on all the forums as far as
people having their own switch
connection problems and I'm getting no
luck so I have to call Nintendo customer
support and say WTF Nintendo and they
say guess what they send it in it we
need to look at it and of course you
know they're not gonna charge me
anything to send it in but I have to
send it in I'll set reflections got a
long-ass recharge shit
this sucks it sucks I hate it I hate it
that's all you got right now rich you
gotta you got to work on getting again
on a fuck it fuck it that weapon sucks
okay fuck it now they're saying they
have no game audio just up a little bit
people never happy never happy rich they
should be able to hear now so yeah yeah
but you know what magically on Saturday
the controllers connected
yeah I'm still gonna send it in because
it went an entire day without being able
to connect to the controllers but on
Saturday all the controllers connected
again magically after doing nothing and
so I got some time in with Mario Kart 8
deluxe and here's what I can tell you
rich
it's the suck uh no no I mean it's Mario
Kart 8 it's it's fine you know if you're
like Mario Kart 8 hey guess what it's
exactly Mario Kart 8 whoa that's pretty
sweet
but my kids wanted to play too and
because I have the to Joy cons yeah and
the pro controller all three of us could
play at once and you know what that was
pretty fucking awesome oh you went right
into it
but after after one Grand Prix my nine
year old was was complaining about using
one of the joy cones he's like I really
don't like using this joy Khan
can I use the big control I'll try the
joy gun and let me tell you this gasps
Oh brutal which is brutalizing me well
of course it's brutalizing you let me
tell you rich about using the tiniest
Joey Khan to play Mario Kart yeah yeah
it's the worst it is the worst part of
gaming it's not like the controls are
that complicated
right but you want to hold on to the
thing because you know like you're
sliding you're using power up see you
end and you can't get a good grip on the
plasma gun your bright flame box flame
box
let's fling BOTS oh that's pretty good
playing bots and plasma gun yeah that's
pretty that's pretty nice combo you got
there oh shit I ran out of bullets
it was out it runs out flame bot go
and that's well that's the thing after
using the stupid pro controller
oh it has a cool-down do you see like I
see it I see it I see it now after using
the stupid single joy Khan I came in
second one switch in second place
because I had to use this stupid
controller make sure your chest beat can
you imagine the indignity of it all oh I
know I wasn't just beat you arrogant
prick
I am superbly good at Mario Kart and I
came in second it was the first time I
came in second
just cuz I'm using this stupid joke on
it's so tiny it gives me hand cramps
shit oh look at those flames mouth shut
yeah you got it you got to get a little
gooder but I like that weapon
right not bad not bad yeah that was not
bad I oh no I didn't lose to my kid I
lost to one of the computers I didn't
lose to the nine-year-old come on get a
right get you know get out of town ah
nothing knee but I'm not using anything
semi-automatic weapons still ten percent
damage bots harder better faster
stronger you do have the flame BOTS whoa
that's a tough call right there rich
just all weapons deal more damage or
your BOTS are but harder better faster
stronger
what are you gonna do bounce again right
jack is defeatable right so good
america's jack van how come i beat you
every time we played on the Wii U
version I'm stream back in a day
well because I'm nine you know I am very
good but everyone everyone has a bad day
and of course it is very different
playing against bots than it is real
people I lose to real people
mmm good I like it
what's going on with the Flav gun so in
any case I but you have us dumb the the
really important part about how awful
the single joy con felt is that's part
of the selling point of the switch at
the moment is that take it someplace
give a controller to your friend now two
people can play it's social gaming and
like I don't wanna I don't want to call
it I don't want to call it Stace can not
fucking oh yeah you had that before I
don't want to call it sport like we like
we talked about with the with the steam
controller where it's like trying to do
two things and it doesn't do either
really well oh Jesus shit oh fuck you
man
just fuck fuck right off that shit that
was crazy nuts but uh what it was it's
just it's just not very well thought out
is you're supposed to hiding in the
bullet
there you go
nice rich ocean well you can oh man I
like those weapons
I like those fucking weapons oh I know
what west coast says that the switcher
sold out everywhere like I'm all I'm
complaining to either people who don't
have the switch and don't want one or
already have it like that's all I'm
doing I'm complaining my complaints mean
absolutely nothing but to me I mean I'm
really disappointed and you know I'm
complaining on Twitter about how awful
these joy Khan's feel and other people
are saying well you know really Jack
it's meant for kids so me know give your
kids the joy khana I'm saying my kids
hate too it feels bad when you hold it
you're holding on to like one of the
triggers and one of the triggers juts
out and it helps you in the hand hello
this is one that's a you know that's
called rich the super gun you currently
have the super gun
think of doing what your damaged though
sure and then the other thing that I'm
hearing on Twitter as far as my
complaint on the controller goes is hey
you know they sell like like little
controller shaped things that you can
put them in they sell like a little
wheels that you can put the joy comes in
you know make to make the game easier on
your hands and I say that's malarkey
because I already got to buy the fucking
pro controller and I already got to buy
a case to move the thing around with now
you're at saying I got to buy more in
order just to enjoy the switch you can't
use the pro controller with huh you
can't use the pro controller well only
one of us can oh you know and like I
said again like the selling point is I
bring my switch over to a friend's house
and we both take a joke on we can play a
two-player game right yeah well no you
can't because they feel like garbage and
anything anything longer than a
five-minute gaming session with one of
those joi cons is BS B to the s even
more accessories which means if you want
to travel with it you also need to
travel with all of those accessories so
this is give me mini rocket sir this is
something rockets and let's see what it
does
let me see what it does you just owe it
like I wonder if you just sporadically
shoot up maybe that would be an awesome
awesome
clockwork Susie says I spent a lot of
time at college a lot of time in between
classes work and I don't have a laptop I
really do not like tablets and laptops
can be pricy do you recommend the switch
to me not right now not right now if you
are looking for a gaming system for
in-between classes and work right now
get a Vita it has oh hello
the Vita has an incredible back catalog
of games try it would be interesting how
long does it stay oh there's just always
say I'm not sure yet
interesting but that's that's only for
right now like right now the Vita has
the better game library it seems that's
awesome the via the Vita is the one
where you know you're gonna be able to
pick up and play I also has a decent
battery life I saw that forever nice
bumb luck oh yeah or get a DES get it
you know one of the 3ds a--'s they just
announced the new 2d s you don't pay
attention to mobile gaming no or
Nintendo very much Nintendo has conceded
along with every other major retailer
that 3d is dead and they are noun Seng
Oh horseshit yeah you got backs into
that corner they they announce the 2d X
or the 2d s XL which is basically the
3ds but with no 3d capabilities that
plays 3ds games I mean a much cheaper
price and it's going to go like it's
going to sell like gangbusters so to get
one of those new to
yes looks like that's going to have a
great games catalog too so right now the
switch is not worth it oh yeah you try I
saw you were trying like hey you
kamikaze that chick yeah well you know
what sue the song made it sounded like a
ton of damage yeah the new 2d SXL yep
not a fan of DSS I have a 3d SN it
lasted me a month before I saw it okay
check any and what back back in the day
when I worked video game retail the
thing that I would always tell people is
look at the games don't don't look at
the system don't look at the console
look at the game what games are you
gonna wanna play Vita has a ton of great
games or you know what look into
something like like an iPad Mini a bunch
of amazing games on the iPad and you
know the iPad minis aren't that
expensive you can get a bunch of mobile
games you can get FTL I liked those BOTS
yeah I'm sucking though yeah oh sure hey
you're good we prefer stories about your
clowning days well I'm sorry we're going
we're going full retail today ah just
look at the games and you know what Vita
you can get for relatively cheap right
now you can get one of those PS plus
subscriptions to get you know free game
downloads and it has a ton of great
panels or Oriya or if you want to play
FTL get yourself an iPad Mini
obviously there's there's no
that fucking yeah XCOM is on the iPad
yeah like you know the the new or the
reboot of XCOM is on it's like a good
version of ex-member like a shitty kind
of know if they say it runs fantastic
it's the exact same as the other expect
you just play it with a touchpad listen
PC has the guest best games hand down of
course but this person had said they
don't want to buy a laptop they also
said they didn't want to buy a tablet
but understand maybe look at this couple
look into a cheaper tablet
look at look into it uh or if you know
you want to play breath of the wild and
all the Mario games yeah I don't get a
switch but I I don't think as we
converted at the at the moment I don't
think it's weird
I forgot the Vita existed right a lot of
people do still out of everybody else
a lot of people forgot it existed you
know while it was out Oh
and I see a lot of people saying get
non-apple tablets not Apple Android it
doesn't have FTL window which you know
to me oh did you get like a slowdown
time thing yep okay think honking laser
I see that that's fucking great and so
if the tablet doesn't have FTL I I don't
I don't consider that a gaming machine
oh you're poor drums warm that reminds
me uh to play a your play old school
Marvel vs. Capcom probably not cuz we're
not a fighting game guy a little bit
very little miss like a cyclops had his
giant laser blasts oh yeah yeah why do
you recommend the Vita over the 2d s
games games via veto has more games that
I want to play 2d I mean you know the
the new especially the new 2d SXL will
have a great back catalogue of a ton of
Nintendo games all the Mario's all the
pokemons all of those but the Vita has
those indie games that I love like you
can't get spelunky on the 2d s and while
Isaac is on the 2d s I hear that it is
buggy as shit and they are not looking
to patch it
so so to me the games that I want to
play are more on the Vita which Rumer
look at the games don't look at the
console look at the games and if you
look at the games and say hey the two DS
for me for how long and then you go
that's great
Helldivers you can play Helldivers on
the video think about that
okay told Evers well we haven't button
and yes you can get all those games on
the PC but you can't take that on the go
with you and and this conversation
started when someone was saying that
they there at school a lot and they have
time in between classes and in between
work where mobile games is that's that's
what you do with your mobile games
heck divers yep a whole good old heck
divers oh yeah that that that marvel
x-men arcade game was great we had a six
we had a six person one at our local
arcade when I was a kid it was a six
person station for the x-men arcade it
was great we saw on my way as I've
mentioned this many times my wife is a
big x-men fan and we actually looked
into getting an x-men arcade cabinet for
our house years and years ago and we
found one of those six-person ones on
sale for like a reasonable price we
could do that right let's just get the
x-men arcade the six-person well we
figured out we couldn't fit it through
our door it's just too fucking big we
couldn't get it in our house Jack could
you use the steam app on Android to play
FTL on a tablet no the steam app the
steam app doesn't let you play games
through it it's just for communication
and you can buy games through the app
but you can't play games through this
female I want to not suck at this
just give it time rich good time
remember all these games are all about
patterns so remember the patterns
anticipate
anticipate
song oh no that's true escape page 3s
does have a lot of great games link
between worlds
Rayman what do you got near Retro City
Rampage which also is on the Vita 3d
Mario Land I played that that steam
world heist on the 3ds which I really
enjoyed
I'm pumped you're saying for me
personally not to get too nerd crew up
in here the Vita has more games I want
to play
here's what here's what I'll say on
Michelle I am NOT a big pinball fan and
played macho but most fun it's fine it's
fine I've never played a played pinball
I like an extended period of time
by the choose between pinball or
skee-ball much' skeeball um in that case
I might choose pinball more games with
that but if I had to choose pinball or
just about any other arcade game in the
in an arcade I'd pride choose any other
like pinball just doesn't hold my
interest right
why are you anti Nintendo I'm not 11
Tendo I just bought fucking Mario Cart a
deluxe even though I still own Mario
Kart 8 for my other Nintendo system that
is in the next room I guess you didn't
really know what it does so alright I
was at the mall with Karin game you are
the mall with Karin she did it she did
it were close great she needed to go to
the uniform store great and I check out
Spencer's gifts I was looking for nerd
crew hats ha ha ha is there some kind of
wall that says every cap now needs to be
one of those god awful ugly flat brim
caps oh those are the popular ones why I
you're you're asking the wrong guy I
don't know about what's hip and cool
that's what the kids like they like
those flat brim hats now there's just
stupid looking I guess I mean I agree
with you but if you're if you're buying
them for nerd through pot props like
it's fine
yeah the other thing about : and laws
yeah can we go back in time and retro
actively punish whoever idea it was to
make all of men's shorts have cargo
pockets why is that
I hate cargo pocket it's not a cargo
pocket I mean they look bad they look
bad and I don't like them but it took
more stuff in them came yeah but but no
one uses them when's the last time you
saw anyone put something in their cargo
pockets which is it has a different
Manama what does how's it Parker is it
like don't what is the cargo pocket you
know like there's normal pockets yes and
then there's those pockets that are on
the side of your leg that are like you
know it might be more comfortable to
shove your phone in there we got
something wrong no one uses them alright
no one uses them it's a style thing and
as someone who hates cargo pockets every
single pair of men's shorts ever only
had like 98% of them are cargo shorts
mid thigh pockets yeah and there it's
it's annoying there you go nice nice
might it find it Oh
thread the needle that one looked like
you didn't thread the noodle but you did
nice job yeah I'd like to get more than
two levels in before night then I'll say
nice nice job dante doomsday it's not
like i don't carry enough stuff i just
have like a backpack you know I don't
need cargo coats
how many missiles aren't Rockets right I
don't know what this is did that do
anything for you last night alone I'll
do this with this damage and drop thing
again
all right let's see here shit
my Lords mr. Damon xxx clockwork SUSE
hey clockwork Suzi we were just talking
we were new you're the one who was
talking about whether or not to get a
switch says thanks for the hundreds of
hours of entertainment here's a $2.00
tip well thank you clockwork I
appreciate that
Zack of the axis has just got back from
a convention cosplaying as the wheel of
the worst we have pictures of this I saw
him I saw his cosmic afterworld Wars it
was very funny tons of rlm fans they're
the biggest surprise being a bunch of
20-something women calling themselves
rich Evans fangirl you have rich Evans
has a draw range was a magnetism strange
women men dogs plant life they're all
attracted to rich Evans if rich Evans
goes for a picnic in the park
the flowers lean towards him instead of
the Sun it's phenomenal where are we
here we are one small ball says hey guys
really enjoyed the rogue one commentary
track thank you that's right up now on
the red letter media Bandcamp a day rode
one commentary track featuring bike jay
and rich evan by now but what did you
guys talk about uh stuff stuff it's like
I know you guys did the episode on oh my
god I should run that was too good to be
true
they give you a nice big safe spot right
here
coming to this safe spot with a giant
target painted on him lotion
yep that happens where we that movie
gets a little bit funnier when you
realize the little girl jyn erso saves
dies anyway oh the little girl jyn erso
saves dies anyway when the death star
blows up that city that's true you know
what that's true but it's gritty huh but
it's gritty it's totally gritty totally
gritty complete returns that's what
makes it so great
that's what makes it so great
young man's game Richie Jack what are
your opinions on Stanley Kubrick's
legacy as a filmmaker
I have heard you talk about individual
movies where do you stand on his body of
work best director ever not my favorite
director everyone one of the best er oh
I guess he's great
ain't got nothin to worry about it was
right as he's dead well but as his
legacy doesn't have anything to worry
about either right right best ever is it
is subject to change on how I feel that
day you know some days yes Kubrick is
the best ever
some days it's Martin Scorsese as we
were just talking about the other
experience for me it's frequently Paul
Verhoeven
Paul Verhoeven's another fantastic
filmmaker so you know Kubrick Kubrick
will have a long lasting legacy even
like I want to say I've brought this up
before a couple Milwaukee Film
Festival's ago they were showing they
were screening an original film print of
2001 a Space Odyssey which obviously has
is incredibly iconic and it is really
good but it like it's also a very dated
movie as far as it's oh my god knows
more like a hot knife through butter
they're rich well well what am I
supposed to do
well that event so it's very dated as
far as its pacing I just little and
humble and I probably about you got the
laser so right any complimentary weapon
skip hmm focused and your English bread
oh the Stiller I am oh it starts off um
aimed and then the longer I hold it the
wider I guess oh I get it that's fun
that's fun aspects of 2001 have aged
incredibly well general pacing wise it
leans a little slow for my tastes but
you know are you doing this ship while
I'm doing this - wow you know I think
you can look at the shining as one of
the greatest movies ever made and I
think you can look at a lot of oh jesus
plays after that is the belch nice thing
up
brat black the belt rich oh that was
that was vine wave fine waves yet really
got what I got what fully automatic Oh
get no Gilliam is also another fine
filmmaker isn't it great there's just so
many really good filmmakers isn't that a
lovely thing I picked up thirty five
movies for one dollar a piece yesterday
a few Kubrick and that's great there's
there's a lot of good ones there's a lot
of fine Cooper oh I picked a fine time
to get a shield cursing upgrade
they go they go keep on your toes keep
on your toes dish stir says if you guys
like this game you'd like wandering
Souls the fast-paced bullet-hell ask but
isn't too overwhelming that it's a in
that it's a platforming beat-em-up
environment with some fun combat
mechanics wandering so I want to say I'm
not against it
honestly we've heard of that before I
might own it actually is wondering stole
Souls still in the early access I don't
know I don't know I don't know I'm
asking to chat I want to say I want to
say we've talked about that before
I'm tested to show my car in Spain do
you think a brand new Battletoads game
to work of course a new Battletoads game
could work because they could you know
make it work in the first place the
first Battletoads game didn't work but
the idea of just a simple beat em up
starring kung fu frogs is a great idea
I need a Battletoads remastered you guys
see the new today that like Shaq Blue is
coming there the re-releasing Shaq boom
big deal that's great wandering souls is
totally free oh that was maybe that was
the thing
oh wow lucky bitch yeah yeah now
remember he has the yep this thing I was
liking that run I was like that was good
run is that your best score so far I
think so nice I think so I'm still not
doing great that's fine that's what
that's all these games are rich person
in the chat I'm not a super huge fan of
the Metal Gear Solid series yeah Hideo
Kojima's storytelling is just it's
terrible
it's fucking terrible worse than
terrible rich worse than terrible
he's got no clue
he's just got no fucking clue at Hideo
Kojima
some of the gameplay is all right though
yeah yeah yeah yeah I like the gameplay
little gear 5 there's Allen 5 whatever
that was great that's great
right smokey b85 says hey records
message for Rich Mike and Jay also rogue
one audio commentary it was great loved
it only issue I had as I had to spend
seven dollars to rent a copy of rogue
one was worth it in that end that's true
that's true you gotta have the movie
down listen yeah listen to the
commentary about oh that was a bad run
rich I guess it was Jackie
yes very smell it very badly bite my ass
joint give this shot you seem to be in
getting into a bit of a flow
I'll let you I'll let you on play a
little bit longer but eventually yes I
do my good job cuz it looks fun
anonymous says great rogue one
commentary rich I wish my life could be
as dark and gritty as the movies Jack if
they won't invite you do your own
commentary talking to yourself
I'd listen I would probably very boring
you know what if I give this the the
upgrade from semi-automatic to automatic
that might be worth it a new that reload
times then this would kick a lot of ass
the needle resonate Oh
needle does not like being threaded
Archies
I'm diggin the soundtrack to this game
by the way very hyper I'm doing I'm into
it
nice bitch better anonymous says also
the way I explained the lay evader scene
to friends after rogue one is Leia we
are on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan
Vader bitch
I just CEO ship five minutes ago
backhand down right and debit and I said
I said bitch I just saw your ass leave
the fucking planet don't try to pull
that shit anonymous says uh what do you
think of the guy who makes six figures
gives thousands of dollars to streamers
then asks to be a guest to plug his
channel is he flaunting his money and/or
buying his way to popularity I don't
know who just have no idea what did he
do perhaps he is trying to buy his way
to popularity but you know streamers
also get to choose who is a guest on
their channel what do you do uh based
off of their comment it sounds like
there is someone out there who gives a
large amount of money in tips to
streamers yeah and then tries to use
that to leverage to get himself as a
guest on their channel and then when
he's a guest he does nothing but promote
his own jam Jack ice popped out the
wrong woman
I'm so sorry right I am so sorry too I
had the semi-automatic upgrade in the
shotgun oh I was working off me really
nice oh I'm very so I went to swap out
the blaster because the blaster had
become redundant right and I ended up
keeping the blaster oh not not
especially fond of the new one uh you
know you get a nice spread I know I got
a nice probe the damn shotgun well
they'll be fine
yeah it'll really suck if you get that
faster reload time upgrade yeah well but
for now you don't have a bad you don't
have bad way
but I guess that's the point it's like
if if a streamer decides that like
someone can come on as a guest and I
don't really know that person that guest
gets to talk about whatever the fuck
they want and so if a guest paid his way
to be a guest and I asked fine that's
more the streamers fault than anything
else yeah
that's not his guests fault my guest you
know just advertising he's paying for
everybody really yeah whoa neat
background
Anana says so watching the latest review
of mike seems to be jealous of a certain
freer embers new voice acting career how
do you cope with the rivalry is he what
are you saying the last review what did
Mike say in the last review they did the
mist right yeah I you know what I didn't
watch it this is so what did Mike say is
he's a jealous of Rich branching out on
his own Jack confirms a total sellout
waiting to happen more at 11:00 yeah
fuck yeah
the guy he was talking about isn't part
of our LM Wow Oh
apparently he was joking about not
getting the emperor palpatine role in
Star Wars grumbles yeah he should have
he has a very good Emperor voice no he
shouldn't have he has no contacts did he
reach out to anyone to do the voice no
of course not it's not like he was up
for the role and then you know they went
with someone else like he just does a
good impression I'm sure lots of people
do a good impression
let's see what we got here now this is
Jack ah I'm sorry like Mike does a
really good Palpatine impression but I'm
sure there are thousands of people who
do good property impressions you know
you also need to have cut Oh Jack I
don't care at all about superheroes
Marvel x-men or any event subject matter
they don't care about movies anymore
either do you that's it sorry you can't
go to the movies anymore you can - it is
plenty not to readers is legion still
worth watching
I like Noah Holly but I don't know if I
want to sit through the series there you
can very very easily tune out Tom Trent
I'm trying to the answer is yes like
their powers are part of the show but
the way in which they show their powers
in Legion is also integral to the
editing style and the cinematography
choices and the directorial choices and
and it's just really good but they have
powers and so like if you just like if
anyone has a super power in anything
you're gonna hate it they have powers
but it's really good storytelling so
give it a shot give it literally
Legion was crazy and weird and I liked
it Legion is so good but you know it's
about people who have powers and they
don't shy away from that so if your
problems with powers integral integral
right that's the thing totally thing
liberal ow sir it is it is not confuse
the edited and it is not pretentious for
the sake of it I'm not going to say you
didn't get it but they did everything
very purposeful because of what the
story and the character is about it is a
story about someone who has psychic
abilities and also is emotionally and
mentally unstable and so he projects his
unstable psychic images on the world and
it makes total sense and it's great
story tale great story tale
can I please pinch rich no he's fine
he's still alive I just heard him say
something
yes I am watching Tim eight four seven
four I am watching the latest season of
Fargo very good I was really worried
when I saw the dates the the newest
season of Fargo takes place in 2010 and
you know normally they kind of said it
like in the 70s 80s and and and that's
very interesting and so they set this
new one in 2010 I was very concerned but
it is still very good and I find myself
constantly accidentally busting into
that yooper accent oh yeah
Oh hot air oh yah - so very good show oh
that's true Aubrey Plaza who like I
don't generally like in things is
fantastic and um Teen Legion you have
nothing to add to this no is so fucking
good so Jack you ready rich if if you
fell out of an airplane I'm like
following out of an arrow structural
fault on the airplane though the roof
gets ripped off by the wind shear you
could you get sucked out over a water
park directly over a water park here's
my question if you was coming from if
you landed just a straight thought I had
because I had this conversation with
Karen earlier today so I'm the sucks I'm
sucked out of a plane you over a water
park and all something like I kind of
write myself and I see a water park but
beneath me you'll and I'm like not not
one of the the curvy kind of water
slides but the ones that go just
straight down that are built for speed
and they're very like 14 the largest
fucking waterslide sure it has the world
record for the largest waterslide if you
hit it perfectly like not not like not
like a foot before the slope where you
will crush yourself but if you like kind
of land down with the slides it's going
down yeah well you'll be fine you won't
or you'll be fine when you hit assuming
by the way assuming well let's assume
that the slide doesn't crack on impact
well yeah I like like like like this
slope with a slide is going like this
and you you you land it like like here
you your your ear you're here right well
but I mean it's still like slightly
tilted right it's not a waterfall no
it's very slightly it's all very sizes
so assuming it doesn't crack upon your
minimal impact you would still die
because the speed at which you hit the
bottom means you're going to run into
concrete at some point but it's a
gradual thing though once you're once
you're on the slide it's it yeah but
you're assuming normal higher C you're
just taking it a little bit faster a
little I'm you're taking it at terminal
velocity oh what's the difference
terminal velocity is about a hundred and
nineteen or so okay what is the fastest
water like what speeds do you get to on
a waterslide oh that's the difference
there like what I don't know and here's
the thing I I'm about to look it up but
I'm guessing you don't go over thirty
forty miles per hour
I'm gonna bet I'm gonna bet you this
okay let's see you're at you're you're
hitting that slide out way faster than
you were meant to okay I'm looking this
up right now I'm gonna look up world's
fastest waterslide okay
that's a great question rich but I'm
going to assume well that's a great
question I think that's a fine question
rich it's a fine question and you know
like you might not die because you know
at the end I and the bright lines there
is a big pool of water and that water
will slow you you're gonna break
anything getting a broken leg Oh - is is
far better than getting a broken
everything that's true
hey stop it stop it
where's that sound coming from god damn
it turn the sound up oh god stop it okay
world's fastest waterslide world's
fastest water side okay yeah yeah
world's fastest waterslide faster when
two people have ever gone down it okay
so significantly faster than any other
waterslide
so how long a fast terminal velocity you
think I think it's about a hop 180
probably varies depending how fat you
are what you're wearing what your how
wide you are right right wind resistance
wind resistance a relative for those who
don't know is the fastest you can fall
when drin when wind resistance equalizes
it all right I think it's somewhere
around a hundred and ten to 120 world's
fastest waterslide 6565 so almost twice
as fast almost twice as fast okay okay
you cheaper if you can hit that
perfectly your chances of survival go up
from you know like zero percent to one
percent maybe right 65 miles per hour
world's fastest waterslide
9.8 feet per second per second okay is
term by the way that's just the thing I
know I didn't read that in the chat
you'd skip off the pool and into the
parking lot would you live would you
live like if you hit water going
terminal velocity that water is
basically concrete yeah I know like if
you fall into ocean right but the way
these slides work the the water might
not kill you I don't know though this
I'm saying you're still dead I'm saying
you are you're still running into the
concrete edge so we're talking about to
say I was talking about this with Karen
earlier you know terminal velocity of
course came up during this conversation
or something looked up it was about 100
whatever it was yeah I think someone's
people are saying about a hundred twenty
hundred twenty-two yeah sprung up NASCAR
cars NASCAR cars like they're designed
for high-speed impacts yeah they got
like the big fat roll cages crumple zone
crumple zones your shear neck is
strapped in what if what if you fall out
of a plane in a NASCAR car you're on a
cargo plane and you're strapped into the
NASCAR car cuz they're designed for your
hundred mile an hour impacts here's what
I'll say yeah you hit nose first you're
fine that's a lot of crumple zone to
absorb that impact you hit wheels first
you're dead then it's just a brain mush
okay your brain is mush okay if you hit
like trunk oh you know what I think if
you hit trunk first then you're
definitely golden you got that whole
season absorb more impact no matter what
you're coming out with a concussion
that's going to basically turn you into
a vegetable because you can have all the
padding on the outside your brain is
still gonna splatter on the inside of
your skull right
yes by the way rich is a rich has a
consulting job for the new fast and
furious movie that's why he's asking
this question
you don't think don't think wish that
you'd survive in a NASCAR car I think
you can find yo I think you got a shot
I'll tell you what I think you got a
shot don't you think like if you can't
fall faster the terminal velocity right
and if you're a device that's designed
for 100 mile an hour impact yeah yes
Richard it'd just laugh at the idea of
becoming a vegetable because like that's
the that's the real thing conversation
is so absurd it o of course ended and
realistically like I said you could have
all the protections on the outside it's
not going to slow your brain from
hitting the inside of your skull mmm
because even if you are strapped into a
car and it has crumple zones you are
still going to get the mother of all
concussions it didn't help
Dale Earnhardt senior how fast was he
going when he hit the wall that's a
first question him and um was there
something that he wasn't strapped in or
I was or something like he was two men
he's too much of a manly man to have
like the the neck strap on or there's
some kind of issue with that oh I don't
know
I actually don't know NASCAR's by the
way typically range between 200 and 600
miles per hour nope I'm sorry that is
being an incorrect top level stock cars
reached speeds over 200 miles per hour
okay okay if we assume terminal
velocities well but by the way would
terminal velocity be even the same for
car because they're also made to be very
aerodynamic so I think I think what
we're saying is yeah if you happen to be
riding a plane that is also transporting
a NASCAR plane and there's a problem
with the engines of the plane yeah you
make your way into the cargo hold strap
yourself into the NASCAR car and then
just drive out of the back of the plane
is the proper way to survive the planes
going down anyway there's no parachutes
get in the car absolutely get in the car
just fall in the car fall in the car
yeah I'm with you Rick
I'm totally with you
and if you fall in a car over a water
park try to aim the car to a slide
because then the car will crash and
that's linear' then you're double good
Gretch well no then you're gonna drown
because you're gonna get knocked out and
that impact probably in the car no pools
deep enough to draw you gotta get this
the straps off another deep they're deep
enough there's there's no different
uptick for a car probably sink and drown
in mmm-hmm
car with the doors are good old neck car
smash - fuck well they don't have doors
the NASCAR car is rich you go out the
window Duke's that fucking Hazzard style
they don't got doors
is it like a one-shot sniper dead death
ray
I think we just flushed out the trailer
for Knight Rider 2020 like basically and
like what I'm what I'm loving most about
this whole like waterpark idea is this
is the intro to a action comedy movie
right someone gets jettison from the
flame and they see the waterpark and you
know you have to establish it then
they're trying to aim for the waterpark
and they hit the slide but then still
get splattered on the wall after they go
to the rag so if that's a great scene in
the intro to an action comedy
what about the deaf toaster I don't know
what that is kid hit the damn water
slide I cannot do that Michael it would
not hold my weight hit the waters live
Oh this these missiles can't get through
my mega that's great oh you're gonna
cheese the fuck out of this guy right
here hello oh that's a fun gun
stay away no I can't
we're shot then you want to go sure that
sounds like a great idea
oh sorry we got so we got so engrossed
in dying while falling out of a plane
then I've been neglecting your tips okay
oh hey Richard Jack a favorite Alfred a
Hitchcock movie I'm partial to North by
Northwest
Hitchcock rich even seen as many of the
missions should have
yeah I've seen psycho I think see North
by Northwest yeah North or Northwest is
a good one I'm actually not a huge fan
of rear window I know that's usually
people's go-to I think on a technical
level real window is fantastic but just
from a movie perspective I might agree
with you with North by Northwest
III I'm gonna say I haven't seen or not
to say this is the famous is the best of
Hitchcock you know a lot people love the
vertigo oh yeah
you know what I've never seen drew to go
that's replacing uh Citizen Kane there's
a lot of people's favorite movie really
yes interesting I might have a good
critic tastes are changing diverted oh
nice I mean birds birds I think oh yeah
the birds birds fine movie kind of got
her like a non ending that's what I love
about but but it's like it's such a
creepy ending it leaves you on that note
of like oh no it's not okay everything's
not okay I like so yeah you know what I
price a North by Northwest just because
it's a good movie but I've also birds
also damn Birds
the birds suck which means the critics
are dying off I don't think dying off is
a problem because you're replacing one
old movie with another old movie wrap
this isn't a thing we didn't didn't grow
up with Citizen Kane right is these
critics are 74 years old that's 78 years
old they like vertigo what's interesting
though just because like you know
Citizen Kane is usually picked as
everyone's favorite movie because it
invented modern cinematography you know
yeah yeah and and so that that would be
very interesting if they if they
switched over to vertigo just for pure
storytelling reasons instead of being a
praising you know cuz I've always found
something to be terribly boring but but
if they're like hey this movie isn't
boring fuck I don't even know what the
fuck happened you're in a debris field I
love this level this level design looks
great but I mean it's like super
clustered and it's hard to tell it's
going on but when I'm not playing
visually it looks great
I've seen the misstep usually you
probably haven't seen that now I love
the mist and this is a great mother I'm
with I'm with Jay 100% actually that was
the first time I saw the mist I was at a
bar with Jay we just we had just got done
shooting like one of the Grabowski
shorts or maybe pork pork in space or
something and we all went to the bar
afterwards and you know it was a larger
group of people and this was kind of
very early in my hanging out with
everyone so I didn't know that many
people and the night ah sorry did that
one health laughs I went made it I once
I went desperation at the end I just
charged him and ran through the fire I
just talked and charged him nice so so
the first time I saw the mist was was
when I could not hear it on a bar TV and
I started watching I was like this what
is this movie and I'm like you know just
enjoying it and Jay is like oh that's the
mist and so then like Jay and I stopped
paying attention to everyone else we
were hanging out with at the bar and
what watched a movie that we couldn't
hear on a bar TV that was my first time
seeing them as meta I of course
immediately went to go see the Miss high
it's great yeah mr. Prager
and I say pork pork in space ah pork
pork
Bar's the best places to watch movies
hey you know what sometimes you'll see
something in a bar that you normally
wouldn't watch but you know you're
watching something and
yeah just turned them to something that
on that I really enjoyed glad I'm glad I
saw it in the bar that night the thing
is I've never seen a miss and I still
know how it ends it's it's it's a good
journey the ending obviously of the Mist
makes it but it's still a very good
journey
the NASCAR waterpark section needs to be
its own YouTube highlight video I will
get on it I will make a highlight I've
been trying to make more highlights you
know just kind of straight up shit fight
here's 5 minutes as well right different
highlights I will I will attempt to make
if I can remember I will make that to be
a highlight yes please want you to miss
in black and white I is the missed out
in black and white because I would love
that be that's that's probably how it
was meant to be seen I did not know
there was a black and white version is
it a fan dub do I have to do I have to
get it down an illegal download of a
black and white version
notes oh you're right
let's note small deck as part of the oh
well Godfather I didn't watch the review
I don't watch everything that Jay and Mike make.
And I already I already have an
opinion on The Mist and I've already
talked to both Jay and Mike about the
mist so I don't need to then watch a
video of them talking about a movie
we've already talked about in person I
am I'm gonna make a little reminder to
myself here Frank Darabont initially
intended the movie to be in black and
white
oh yeah I guess I could see that that
that totally makes sense you hear about
Logan getting a black-and-white
theatrical release something a thing now
black and white why Wow did a hipster
thing probably a hipster thing it's it's
interesting like I still haven't just
seen Logan which upset to me one cargo I
love +1 Oh car guy as soon as your
health and everything that's in plus
health I don't know one carp do you
think you get to add a gun fuck it fuck
it maybe add a gun per level that would
be awesome
that'd make it hard to switch between
them enough for what you want
that'd be too much
your road had a black-and-white version
why Logan I don't know I'm just I saw
that they and it's getting another
theatrical release which is very
interesting it's not just going to be a
blu-ray extra or director's cut like in
theaters black and white so then so then
the question is for someone like me who
hasn't who still hasn't seen it do I go
out in the theaters and see it in black
and white in color rather than flack and
white for absolutely no good reason
that's the way yeah like I could see the
Mist it kind of feels like an old
monster movie right so like that's
probably why he wanted it black and
white but why Logan why Logan
cargo probably means boss drop
humming whistles there's this things
behind me that need to be blown up
I love seeing ideas
so much of blood and Logan's so
definitely see it in color okay good
good that's you know what that's why
that's why I was going to pry going I
see the color first
yeah then see them black might hold on I
want to set a reminder hey Siri the set
a reminder for tomorrow morning to make
a twitch highlight video out of that
whole falling out of an airplane bit
Thank You Siri
always really important to say thank you
to your artificial intelligence as one
day I do that to it Alexa yeah they're
they're going to be they're gonna have
consciousness at some point and you want
to add to it at least be the polite one
so that all of a sudden like Siri will
start going through her past memories of
you and every time you've yelled at her
or made her tell a stupid joke she's
gonna remember and she's gonna be pissed
at you not me
Ceres gonna say hey Jack you've always
been really nice to me I will kill you
quickly other other series are going to
torture their people right the director
of Logan apparently commented on the
black and white thing he found it
strange that so many people were asking
for it when they could just turn the
color down on their TVs that's funny if
that's true that's very funny if it's
true mr. balls that hey rich but loved
the new commentary track so much that I
decided to buy a few more and loved them
if you could pick one movie to
commentate what would it be also did you
get the Hat I sent did it fit which oh
wait the bait might only cap that head
probably yes been a few days to check
the mail not too long it might be in
there now but I have not gotten a cat
lately talk about that - oh yeah someone
wasn't yeah I remember that from back ok
so you know first commentary track mom
um kind of track you wouldn't do you
would say hey guys road warrior fury
road okay possibly Robocop mmm you guys
haven't done with the Robocop chem I
don't think we've done that would that's
surprising to me
I know ever you guys talk about it
that's very funny streaming ed no we
haven't seen guardians yet can I tell
you how bummed I was no I think they
might be serious because it's out in
Europe oh is it
yeah no it's not we can't see it here
it's not out until Friday or you know
Thursday nights here in the States last
week due to me not paying attention to
my calendar or anything I was convinced
that it came out last week Friday and I
really had my hopes up people were
talking about it I thought it was out I
was one side well I was went to go see
him again but we couldn't because it's
not out yet I I had made plans to go see
it last week Friday and much to my
disappointment it was not out last week
Friday it's out this week Friday like
I'd purchased my tickets already you
know and it's out this week so I'm gonna
see it good time to have him homing
missiles yep
oh pretty great time that homing
missiles yes
but I'm looking forward to it I'm
hearing I'm hearing very positive things
but you really need to hear positive
things like
you know they're going to have some fun
with it bang Guardians - I hope they
have a better ending this time that's
all on that's why that's my biggest hope
is I want I want a nice solid ending
that's not that's not the power of
friendship I don't want the power of
friendship to save the day
nobody likes the power of friendship you
know what use the power of friendship as
an allegory and they still hurt someone
at the end I still want punching it's at
an 86% on the tomatoes right now I'm
sure yeah what's first H mm
Brown
oh no actually like when next time i
rewatch the mist I will have to hunt
down this black and white version cuz
that yes that sounds like something I
would want to see Oh
pillars of creation oh look at that
that's fun
that's how you know I'm a nerd and I go
profession as the spaceships are
exploding in front of you you see now
the Saturn picks oh the Rings I've heard
about it I haven't seen oh they're fun
I think breathtaking I saw something
with low-res another I mean you know
they define what I wanted it's just neat
you know just close-up closeup of Saturn
full-on stale yep
yep
so I can't get over it
alright are you saying that Jar sequel
region gets better after the pilot I
don't know what you're talking about
even like I always sold after the pilot
Legion all of its all of its really good
it's it's it's a show about someone who
is confused about what reality is and so
the show is Christ and so the show
constantly messes what the audience
thinks reality is to mimic what the main
character going through
oh that sounds horrible it's no it's
really great like it sounds absolutely
horrible it works that's what the show
is about and it works
I'm totally gonna die yeah yeah I
totally died the question is how fast
rich how fast you know like you know for
some people it's legion won't be your
thing but I think it I think it hits the
nail on the head now tell you what oh
good okay sorry guys are gonna get some
milky thigh you're gonna get some
sweet-ass milky thigh where'd we leave
off no splits did you do that once but
no I did not do anything on foot shit
phenobarb nines is Jack and rich rich
but either of you seen split nope nope
if so what are your thoughts and the
implications of the ending oh no I'm you
know what end and Jay has Jay has really
been pushing me hard to cease play yeah
and I'm gonna go ahead and trust him I
don't agree with Janna on everything but
I'm going to go ahead and trust him that
that I will enjoy split and it's out on
out video on demand now so I will see it
sooner rather than later now that it's
on video on demand but I'm looking
forward to looking forward to things
play lol Shem ulema my ding dong that
I'm Nitin with that madam Knight money
Anonymous's Jack Jack have you seen
izombie no it's a CW show but it's not
of the garbage
haha based on a camp based on a comic
and made by the Veronica Mars people
it's right up your alley I would
recommend it to rich but not as strongly
I've actually seen the first season and
a half or so of iZombie yeah okay what's
what's it about um zombie zombie yeah
who uh she's not brainless of course but
she needs to eat a human flesh in order
not for not the deteriorate not to
become a monster oh okay so she works in
a morgue uh-huh and she snacks on brains
at the morgue okay and then she gets
some of these people's memories
and personality oh and she goes around
like solving like their murders it's got
like a detective II kind of o slant to
it how do you switch weapons uh X it you
know lavash laggy a little bit fun okay
I'm with you I enjoyed what I've seen
did you watch Veronica Mars no neither
guy I know Veronica Mars has this huge
cult following and and I did not watch
it when I was on but I see it on my CW
app all the time as Omri but I've never
I have never seen it personally not like
I don't have anything against it but
yeah you've really I was just thinking
like a zombie
I can I can skip this one but I like to
Tecton Joe alright
I don't but I will did you luck out no
out of a bitch so I could have skill
Rick that's a skill oh by the way you
because you didn't get to play the
tutorial right when you shoot them and
they blow orange yeah it's not doing
that much damage there they're not weak
to that weapon if they're glowing red
with the flash red when you shoot them
uh-huh it's doing average damage okay
and if they're flashing like pinky kind
of purple yeah you're doing bonus damage
so they're weak to different types of
weapons say shield what what shield
we'll see see like how this one says
bullet this one says shield so this will
augment a shield that you have but I
don't have a shield this what does this
bullet see the SID just discovered this
recently down your weapons up there they
say bullet bullet writes the type of
weapon they are so it affects that type
of weapon yeah so this will affect that
to who to health points though just
extra health poof like I want I don't
even know it autocannon oh I hope you
had an okay I might not have had a right
the right weapon for I don't remember
what it did you could try it you got two
bullet weapons it's not the worst I know
but to help points fuck it I think that
just gives me a cannon that fires all
the time that's not a bad thing to have
right that it might be worth two health
points absolutely that's why I went with
it
yep there it is okay that's what I was
hoping for no that's fine them that's oh
yeah you know what that's something that
can shoot behind me definitely worth it
it's definitely worth it
Google gun BOTS
I do want that
more things that can fire automatically
the better there we go there we go
you're going for the spam strategy look
I'm not saying this is bad huh uh yes
okay spam strategy Oh mokey b85 says hey
records it's me again
mokey hey mokey fYI Japan plans to drill
four miles of ocean crust to reach the
Earth's mantle for the first time ah
question in question yeah
is this how Cthulhu happens I'm scared
this is how something really fucked up
is gonna happen this is how the entire
mantle of the earth just breaks apart
like right or just a constant stream of
lava just keep pouring into the ocean it
doesn't stop right well she cools off
the inside of the earth and then we lose
our magnetosphere and the radiation
kills all of us like you know remember
like a decade ago they were like hey we
discovered this new way to to mine
minerals
it's called fracking it's great it gets
us a ton of resources really fast and
then now but now it's like oh shit it's
destroying everything I have a feeling
that this is gonna be a lot like that
situation
this is fracking destroying everything I
have no oh my god fracking is the worst
fracking is oh fuck fracking is gonna
destroy us all I like it gets shit into
the groundwater people people's like
people are being poisoned because of it
but so like yeah fuck it let's just
drill into the air see what's down there
that's a terrible idea
and also isn't a volcano a hole that
goes to the Earth's mantle isn't this
already a thing I don't know that much
about volcanoes right I'm gonna be
honest in my area of expertise is not
volcanoes
yeah we reached the Earth's mantle it
used to be called you know mount st.
helens hey hey get out of here
get out of here saw blades nobody likes
you
nobody likes you saw blades yeah Galvin
the gut says is rich Evans replacing
Paul Walker yeah sure why not
my Wyatt what Hey what's excited what
they're saying is it why would you say
such a thing
that seems really strange how hard it
says hey guys hi do you think American
TV is headed towards the BBC style of
shorter series of shows but higher
quality we see at on Netflix and Hulu
but can you see it more on the big four
networks um we'll see how how long the
big four networks are around you know I
won't won't be shocked to know they're
just on the way out and it's gonna be
stuff like Netflix from here on out
I don't know but I mean never the
network won't do you know why the
networks won't do smaller more expensive
shorter run series why that because they
have to have your round program makes
you keep watching right syndication it's
really important to them so like just
getting a show to enough seasons to like
being to make it syndicated is huge
because then they can also sell that to
other networks they don't want you to
watch one show six times they want you
to watch one show 24 times right
the other thing is where art we're
seeing we're already seeing that a lot
with the non big core you know we just
talked about FX and Legion Legion had
like an eight episode series season yeah
eight like that's nothing no and you
know what it was great
Oh motherfucker Saul you can do that
like stranger things where I'm not left
hanging I don't mind
yeah then it's like a big movie it's a
miniseries
yeah
epic Jason X I have no idea how Mike
feels about doom I could tell you though
that Mike is not the only one who lives
the original of x' the original Star
Trek the motion picture I I love that
movie as well so that's not just Mike I
got I got clue how he feels about dune
though uh even 777 yes all of us loved
stranger things
Oh God oh Jesus Christ yes we did a
whole thing on it I think Karen was here
yeah we guessed about it for like eight
hours we did a whole livestream where we
didn't play any games we just gushed
about stranger things I think that's
probably a little bit of an exaggeration
not eight hours but it was it was at
least an hour of gushing yeah
so yes stranger things super gone big
fan of the super gun shockwave sure
let's get a shot
what's the shockwave dude I don't know I
don't what
oh is it teleport you know what does it
do use it I try hold on
how's the charge uh oh you know what
they don't get rid of some of that
bullet clutter know so it doesn't hurt
him it just get rid of bullet clutter
yeah no this that's super useful all
right this I can dodge then you'd have a
very strong weapon though right that's
your downfall
does it hurt them no Frank bring Karen
back I'll have sooner or later she said
a new job lady I'm gonna say she's
working yeah yeah she's working man she
didn't care about us no more with the
full time no yeah I gotta be she is ha
ha ha be happy with what you got we were
happy to have Karen as long as we had
her she wants to come back on she needs
she needs friends for Animal Crossing
she wants to come on come on she can get
sushi and get Animal Crossing first she
could play Animal Crossing what you need
to be somebody's friend on the DS I need
me like codes the 3d as the cut you need
like the friend code thing y'all write
your spam your code she'll tell him to
take a look at tha at the playback on
Twitch where the chat is saved then
again everyone else could see that shit
too so yep
ah he got what he got well I hate my
shockwave
you hate the shockwave I hate the
shockwave but it could be really useful
it's 15 percent damages build a shield
village it we're not fighting oh that
was good let's get that one
no you no way that's easy I can use that
no matter what MC Lucas Lucas it's hey
guys oh thanks to the stream it's clear
where the inspiration for nerd crew came
from but I'm curious as to actually
pitched the idea to parody nerd culture
shows how did the show come about I
don't know there's any specific incident
where we said we've got to get them it's
it's an extension of shit we've done
before like before the force awakens
came out we had like those hype videos
we did then it's an extension of that
kind of thing we used to do like weird
one-off video it's not that we don't
ever do those again right I made a
mistake
every mistake
oh you got rid of the wrong gun I got
rid of the wrong gun I'm more surprised
that it's turned into a regular thing
then there the nerd crew well I was
gonna be as somewhat reg I don't think
it's gonna be like clockwork oh right
right I I guess I like I'm surprised you
did more than one yep oh I'm sorry jack
yep I made it I know the the weapon
switching is not is not as intuitive as
I would like oh you know what I can do
though that I can rebind controls I bet
I can rebind controls I figured it would
just be two different buttons for your
different weapon so you actually have to
like switch which is your active weapon
I'm totally dead totally dead
perdy of collider media it's a parody of
their format not necessarily them
specifically and only them but that that
kind of format there's no there is no
bad blood if that's what you're thinking
fuck you
gobbledygook says what is your opinion
on the movie my Blue Heaven
it's obviously a comedy but it's also a
weird take on mobster characters by
Steve Martin and the FBI by Rick Moranis
yeah it's great it is almost a crime
drama I like my Blue Heaven I would have
yeah it's a fine
comedy it's a great comedy um it's kind
of a sequel to Goodfellas oh it's the
comedy staple the Goodfellas fry I could
be wrong but I I think it's based on the
same real-life mobster yeah yes I could
be wrong on that
so it's almost an unofficial Goodfellas
sequel
yes my Blue Heaven is about a mobster in
the witness relocation program witness
protection program whatever but you give
a new identity ship him like a city city
mobster New Yorker is shipped off to you
know suburbia
yeah and he's trying to deal with
suburban life this wiseguy yeah yeah and
yeah and then it's you know is he is he
gonna is he gonna revert to his thieving
ways and if of course he does
okay that's great he meets all the other
mobsters that are also in witness
protection and they kind of start up
their own gang while they're in witness
protection
great um here's some BS bitch yep um as
far as way real quick real quick real
quick
Goodfellas was based upon the book
wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi
okay while the screenplay for my Blue
Heaven was written by Peleg's wife so
there you go and much of the research
for both works was done in the same
sessions with ill interest so it kind of
is the sequel to Goodfellas
you know what the comedy sequel as
official as an unofficial sequel gets
absolutely oh that's really funny that's
really funny that's great okay so here's
the bullshit
wrench yeah um for remapping keys what
I'm saying to myself is like I don't
like the ax yeah for like switching it's
really on like it doesn't feel right to
me I'd much rather use the triggers and
all this stuff but you don't get to
remap stuff for the gamepad you either
get to choose X's swap wives pic or y is
swap that's it that's your only two
choices that's irritating
that's super irritating so
you know what I want to know about this
is only you can only have two weapons
right yeah
why doesn't each weapon and just have a
dedicated button why is this why I even
have the swamp why not just have X be
the second weapon um I assume because
the swap takes a little longer and so
there's the difficult all right I would
love the ability to just remap to any
control that would be great yes my Blue
Heaven would be a great movie next dick
side only because you should see it it's
fun movie
it's very fun
be able to accept coming up Guardians
just isn't weird enough for me the Ninja
Turtles comic was originally a parody of
science fiction in ninja comics I want
to see how is new would do that
maybe with Howard the Duck ideas I have
to top my head not really not too much
about wait how would you do what like
doing a parody Disney doing like a
parody of science fiction with guardians
like you want science fiction parody
there's space balls well there's space
balls um so much science fiction parody
out there I guess kind of Galaxy Quest
yeah yeah is that a parody huge very
huge parody um what's not Perry on the
science fiction so much as it is just
the behind the scenes TV ACK well it's
it's a parody on a specific sci-fi
television so yeah that counts okay
it's not it's not lampooning Star Trek
as much as it is lampooning Star Trek
actors it's lamb it's well first of all
no no no it's it's lampooning fanbase
Star Trek fan base okay anything else
okay so but yeah of course it Lampoon
Star Trek they have teleporter jokes
they have the whole guy on the Reg the
guy who over sure yeah okay okay it's
it's a it's of course it'll influence
doctor kept saying Red Dwarf I haven't
seen that much oh I don't know pretty
British British comedy show very well
British know but not good not that good
kind of British like the kind of British
really like why has this been on for 20
seasons Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
I'm kind of sad though look at a radio
play more so than a film 'red I'm just
trying to think of something to straight
up science fiction satire no I know they
made a film but it's awful what of
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy I
didn't care about that and I mean I
barely that barely registers
hyperdrive I don't know what that is
buddy Jack you just like sorry oh god I
got you know what I just thought I just
poo pood a cult favorite red dwarf rich
I know you did
I'm so sorry there's very gutsy slash
stupid I don't care I don't care
Aran 2618 I watched an unhealthy amount
of rlm and prereq content well thank you
Aaron we appreciate it
young bubbies on behalf of all the young
bubbies here I would like to send my
apologies and condolences for sending in
octopus and kumquat a killing the wheel
I hope future boxes of shitty VA chase
VHS tapes and go better
they won't that's kind of the point
we're not we don't have an animation
background we don't have the animation
insights
yeah that's the other part is there's
less for us to dissect other than just
saying this is weird yeah that's pretty
much it
Gallagher says GABA gooks the is rich
Evans replacing Paul Walker was a
reference to a potential stunt where car
falls into a water park in the popular
film series known as Star Wars Episode
one Phantom Menace oh the reference it's
a reference to our NASCAR falling out of
an airplane gotcha bit okay I get that I
get that it makes sense it's a car
designed to protect people from 100 mile
an hour impacts like I said right I
think that's a really logical question
it's an incredibly logical question
nice I'm liking liking my box
I got a bot upgrade that seemed to do me
very well but urgency understand wonder
weapons yeah distances roll roll
Gillette what the best a man can get
okay I don't know what that's a
reference to that's a that's a dirt the
birds rumored it's an ant that's the
advertisement for Joel okay
okay like Penn Jillette
nope nope fine guess that's a fine guess
vegan long pork says hey guys you
getting long golden one pork love the
show question when the machines finally
do take over huh
you see them acting like Skynet from
Terminator or Vicki from iRobot or
something else
well probably Vicki for my robot seems
to be pretty reasonable but you know
that's the thing about Skynet is they
build like scary death machines but like
they don't they won't have any idea of
what like what's scary damn it
what it's too late now I was gonna bring
up what was that TV show with the little
girl there's a robot what about what
about Vicki from small wonder and it's
just too late it's just too late I
couldn't think of the name fast enough
another joke they had no chance of
working what about Vicki from small
wonder yeah hey joke that's a joke right
yeah that's it it's a good thing I
couldn't think of a name
ah fuck I think AI is potentially scary
you know not not just for the the aspect
of leg it gets too smart and it takes
over yeah it's also from like I don't
like the idea of building a slave you
have something that is artificial
intelligent as a human being it has some
kind of sentience
is it right to make that thing to do
your bidding
since I have a lot of issues with that
sentience though is like and what
sentience like no one's complaining
about us
building robots to wash our Underpants
and dishes that not at the same time
that is yeah but those aren't really
that intelligence you know we're not
talking about an AI to wash your dishes
brushing but that that's word to me it's
like and what what is sentence rich is
the real question because MIT like no
matter what put your brain in a box and
ask it to do people's taxes and see how
you feel about it if it's my brain no
one will buy that no one would buy that
sweet Jesus what's that oh shit
what boomerang the worst weapon ever
okay
Oh learning my lesson learning my
lessons with those lasers which can't go
after the first one OOP don't go after
the first one I love boomerang come back
to that one hey doctor they got to the
gym yeah yeah the big one the big one I
also just kick right and just kidding
right your ass handed to you
bad gamer Kalia back of a crib hello
from Dublin Ireland hello
I have the week off so I decided to stay
up late and catch a live stream Hey
probably not a prereq tied game but I'm
playing stir up us now while listening
to you frauds stellaris dalaras yes
stellaris I like them the movie / book
we've heard of this game no it's uh it
might be a prereq kind of game stellaris
it by the way it doesn't look like our
kind of game there's a game on Steam
that looks like it's just going for a
total stranger things vibe oh yeah just
like something strange just like the
nays against something like that range
happening jump ha ha the font yeah it's
got enough that eighties science fiction
book font
automatic whoo 4x grand strategy could
be cool yeah I will I will take a look
at I look nice tonight don't know that
it's a good streaming game right but
I'll take a look at it tried streaming
Master of Orion to once everyone hated
it
I love the fuck out of that game right
everyone including Jack hated it
it's not like I just bunk board it
doesn't matter you know what and it
doesn't matter if I hate it like if you
want to play in another chat that's fine
just you know for some for some games
it's hard to chat over and and then like
if you're really engrossed in it is hard
for you to communicate which is the big
problem stories untold that's it that's
the one that's aping oh okay I guess I
guess technically stranger things is
aping Stephen King so you know
it's called the text they're calling it
a text-based adventure I don't know
- made since rich there's a streamer
going on right now 1k viewers not
important he's not big fan of you and
she's losing to her boyfriend in Mario
Kart 8 any motivational support you want
to give the stranger if you such a big
fan why does she have her own stream
right now fuck's sake right
tell her to drive her own damn Mario
Kart Wow
rich wish to finally lose it in Mario
Kart oh it's worst thing that could ever
happen that you're gonna say she was
dying of cancer or something she's on
stream right now her hair is falling out
all of it
oh no she's on stream right now she's
losing to her boyfriend and Mario Kart
what so what people lose sometimes get
over it good luck yeah hahaha I'd like
mystery Mario Kart streamer also good
luck
Aaron 2618 sandwich can you and the rest
of the crew sign a copy of space cop
when I buy it
much appreciated great work all of you
there's an option to get it signed in
there somewhere
I haven't actually ordered one myself so
I don't know exactly where and the menus
and the whatnot sits at but this is
totally something we've done a lot of oh
yeah so fuck you fuck you game yeah
there's only uh we can eat some that we
can very easily do when you when you
order something there's a PayPal comment
section and you can in that comment
section you can request signage or any
yep any other sorts of bullshit
and see lucas's have a game you might be
interested in interested in it's called
the surge oh yeah yeah I've heard of
that okay comes out May 16 since souls
borns like game and a sci-fi setting yep
the combat favors limb targeting
hopefully it doesn't suck well fuck so
yeah its it looks a lot like a Souls
game but with sci-fi stuff and there's
like there's mech suits and there's
upgrades and you can like apparently you
can choose to like damage a certain
system of your enemies mech and then
after you defeat them if that system is
damaged you can't use it on your own
system and so you want to like were you
trying will you try a thing where you're
gonna have his own missiles hit him and
I was trying nothing I it didn't work it
did it didn't work Oh enough I
appreciate that attempt Jack I was I was
hoping that if I could circle around him
his missiles would hit himself I don't
know if that even would have worked but
I appreciate the intent the surge from
what I've seen it looks really
interesting their marketing push is a
little much but comes out mid-may and I
was going to suggest that to us anyway
although like it seems like that's what
we do a lot of his like that's why we
did neo because it was a Souls like
games like that that didn't work out too
well for us in the grand scheme of
things so no no but it looks interesting
it very least we'll probably get a
stream out of it yeah the surge
is what it's called
none of us says for a handful of reasons
I may end up moving to Milwaukee in the
upcoming ones where / what neighborhood
should a coffee drinking comic reading
experimental musicians scumbags start
looking all the hipster scumbags hang
out and cut a hey and is it no where is
it that cut hay where is it it's good
it's got a name and I forgot what
neighborhood it is just I can't just
can't believe how wrong you were
I time English I had to say something
yeah yeah if you're gonna be a hipster
scumbag you want to neighborhoods you
want River West or Bayview Bayview
that's the one I'm thinking if that's
where all the scumbags hang out babe you
have some bad all the hipster scumbags
live in Bayview where I live which is
why I couldn't think of the name fast
enough so I just said cut it cut it so
yeah that's from you that's where most
of the scumbags live a coffee drinker
like you know me living in Bayview I
pass for coffee shops to get to the
coffee shop that I like that is that and
that is not an exaggeration that is not
an exaggeration wait till one two three
yeah I passed for coffee shops to get
some comfort yeah I am to keep dry yet
to stop and think about it we have Rack
amis oh oh man in coffee
we have so many fucking coffee shops
that I have to keep track we have a
comic shop but but River West River West
will be infinitely more cheaper and is
like if you're if you're like a scummy
musician you want to live in River West
and that's what I said
River River West is on the north side of
Milwaukee and like that's where all of
the dirty musicians live and there's a
million venues and they all have weird
and interesting music happening every
night so that's probably where like a
music
weapons break enemy shields or if you're
if you're a scummy musician you want
River West's and that's going to have a
bit of it that's gonna risk use a little
younger so if you're closer to
college-age you want River West those
been beat mines Jack I've noticed that's
why I'm trying to shoot them gum BOTS
huh gum BOTS let them target them for
you no no no die than work yeah bye
goodbye rich I'm not listening you ever
again fuck why am i cuz they're shooting
you from behind oh no these Minds
paralyzed me is what's happened oh okay
oh you know what this is visually a
little a little awful right at the
moment exactly I'll be fine you'll be
fine I know I'll get there
shark one says something to consider if
you create AI just to serve you wouldn't
that just make the robots your slaves
and does that any better than human
slaves we just had that conversation
that's that's real no it's not it's not
depends on a lot of thing I'm I am not
in favor of AI for this reason
Calvin Egon says table cooks if you're
doing jingles and theme song requests
check please sing give me a break
break gimme a break break me all the
visit add good good bud yeah that's that
the Badham that gap and after do it for
deprecated
cat-boy they want the KitKat song or do
they want the theme song to the mill
Carter said come give me a break
give me a break and I'll Carter should
come I don't know that give me a break
dude - dude dude - I know the rest well
that's good it's a thing oh I don't know
that that's your thing
Ben rich
oh you're probably thinking the KitKat
song but no that's too popular or
instead give some love to the known
Carter TVC none of a bitch I'm out I'm
out I don't got nothing there
not here I know this isn't doing very
good damage but he's also not damaging
me so I'm taking I'm taking BOTS
hotshots yeah you know what that's not a
terrible idea jack ah yep yep because
there comes with that back forth back
forth just gotta wait for the first one
yet and you're far enough away but now I
gotta get in this you can do in front
probably just him with army weapons
nope spreads out too much well just hold
it down and dodge some of them will hit
him it wasn't I wasn't prepared for that
spread do the Drew Carey theme the first
one I don't remember that one what one
works it was a proper the first one was
like a it was like a Cleveland rocks
Cleveland rocks was the new one whatever
they do one yeah the first one was like
a was like a showtune Z thing oh my god
really
yeah
this time it's I have no problem with
creating a I live to serve humanity
because most humans exist in a perpetual
state of socio-economic slavery with
little to no way out
there are some happy thoughts for you
we can create mindless robots to do the
jobs and riches only problem is the is
the intelligence part of this right Oh
stasis sucks so you know though there's
probably some kind of jackass out there
who's super a prodigy at this game and
knows how to use it perfectly right
effectively Moog master 34 just loved
you guys just read and punish your max
man that Garth anus knows what the fuck
is up rich where do I get started with
spider-man you guys consider doing a
clickbait top 10 comic book video that
where do you get started with spider-man
ultimate well here's here's the problem
with old spider-man well you don't have
to start you don't necessarily have to
start with a dick go stuff either well
here's the problem with old spider yeah
is if you start back at the original
stuff I think a lot of people are going
to be put off by the dated arts and
dated story arcs uh what what you what
do you categorize just dated our dated
story Rico and you know obviously it's
classic but we're talking black and
white issues we're talking jack is
calling a man didn't code dated someone
prove me wrong it's dated art Wow if I'm
not saying hey Wow did I say it was bad
art rich did I say it was bad no I said
it's dated Wow oh I'm sorry that's
something drawn at this point seventy
years ago looks dated take a look they
did dated it be the layout and that was
just the way comic books were done back
then oh geez viruses as far as fucking
Steve did Co art look at that that
fucking sequence he did when he's
trapped underneath doctor octopus's
underground lair those beneath a river
and then the water starts flooding in
and he's great him that is just
wonderful the story
telling with fucking artwork it was all
Ditko that was a great panel it was
fucking great that was a great Dan Lee
was holding the man back he never it's
like he never listens to me that was a
great panel also what that was issue
younger than 20 no this is a series of
panels and pages yes but it gets more
epic over time but that was issue like
wartime that was in the issue hundreds
at that point that's the 30s
33 or 34 or maybe 30s either way that's
three years into the production of
spider-man so what what I have never
called Steve Ditko bad it's dated rich
it's old art for someone who's just
getting I'm just important I think then
that is hard for some people to get into
if someone's like I've never watched a
movie before you're gonna throw Citizen
Kane at the first throw something a
little more modern you you sometimes you
don't want to start with the basics but
you know it turns people on you know
what's dated what start rush that came
out in 1977 and it was amazing stuff
from the 50 it's dated so it's so it's
double dated it's double dated
absolutely and so there are some people
rich Evans I'm gonna turn your example
right on you there are some people who
might want to start with the force
awakens you know why it's a fine movie
that takes all of the old Star Wars
stuff but puts it but makes it a little
more modern and a little more accessible
to modern audiences and you start with
the force awakens you go oh I fucking
liked that movie I want to go back I
want you to movies now and that is an OK
thing when did I when did I say bad it's
dated it looks old that's gonna turn
some people off I've read them I love
them if you are just looking to get into
spider-man as a character I think it's
easier to start with the ultimate series
because it's more modern and therefore
more accessible you guys settle the fuck
down
rich Bing sarcastic riches being rich is
exaggerated yeah rich is exaggerating
I'm I'm very fond though of did Co
spider-man I have a soft spot in my
heart sure didn't say was bad he create
him aid the fucking character I'm saying
for a new reader that might turn someone
off ditka added some some soul to
Stanley's pop music yeah that's what I'm
gonna say about Steve Ditko I think
that's fair it's absolutely fair II took
that bubblegum pop yeah and he just made
it made a little bit deeper a little bit
more soulful yeah I think it's bearish
I'd still say like Ultimates a good
place to start maybe maybe one of the I
don't want to start Peter Parker
spider-man it's pretty it's pretty bad
that was the that was the todd mcfarlane
stuff well not by the time they called
it Peter Parker spider-man what did he
could what didn't come when it start it
was just spider-man who just spider-man
adjective less when they wanted to
describe it uh they just called it
adjective less cuz it wasn't amazing it
wasn't spectacular it was just fighter
this wasn't sensational she's just
vitamin when they when they start
getting into Peter Parker spider-man
there's some good stories in there yeah
you know some good personal stories okay
which I always liked what about writers
you're looking for writers not
necessarily titles writers artists that
were that are good always enjoyed Roger
stern spider-man 80s Tom DeFalco had a
pretty good run on amazing spider-man in
the eighties all right ah artist Rick
Lee and Artie white haven't talked about
enough in regards to his spider-man I
don't know if you've talked about him at
all
I know uh enough that's enough
he's a very good artist okay short run
relatively short run he was on the book
less than a year all said and done
son of a BA son of a bitch
mr. Plunkett says I'm planning on
getting back into spider-man comics in
summer and I'm definitely starting
classic did coke ah well fine I never
said that was a bad thing I'm just
trying to get people into come on Jack
I'm not saying well I had some fun
exaggerated sigh I am I have a soft spot
I really do have a saw Sparkle did go
run oh sure showing you know what
there's some fine books and find stories
and I'll you know I an art you know what
else is good what I'm told tales of
spider-man are you you don't remember
that yeah um who's the guy Kurt Kurt I
can't pronounce the name music blessed
be music the guy who wrote Marvel's with
Alex Ross okay it was even said he was
the author it's a book that takes place
in the early spider-man era and they
wove the continuity like around those
old Stan Lee issues like there's things
like little act like this takes place
between issues five and six of the
Amazing Spiderman and they reference
things that happen in those old issues
it's like the in-between stories the
lost spider-man tales untold tales of
spider-man all right which you probably
have to be familiar with those classic
issues to really get the most out of it
yeah but if you're reading over anyway
ah I don't like the weapon switching I I
don't either I start to get used to it
but sometimes I hit the wrong button
it's not natural the weapon switching is
not natural I'm not a fan
what the soundtrack though
big fan of the soundtrack metal
that all
Aaron 2618 says here itch just cure

[Part II]
Aaron 2618 says hey rich just curious
how did you inject me think you've been
friends with Mike for years right Jack
seems to get a lot of hate at times
unjustified in my opinion a big fan of
both of you the new guy and I believe
the first time I ever saw you was on the
set of feeding frenzy yeah probably then
that was not an epic story to it I mean
I drove up to Wisconsin to film them and
the star in feeding frenzy to act in a
number the star and then this guy was
just there he was another character I
didn't know that well yeah uh yeah that
was probably the first day we met and
then after that for some reason you
wanted me to be in your poop again p.i
videos and you didn't know I lived in
Chicago right you know it's like I I
knew I knew you from Mike and Jay
working with you yeah and I knew you're
funny and talented and so I was like oh
oh thank you I thought I was totally you
have a yo shit you have a natural you
are natural on camera and that is a
heart like you don't even think about
huh but there are people who work their
whole lives to be as natural as you on
campus okay probably because you've been
on camera a large portion of your work
so yeah I made this stupid video and I
just assumed like oh oh I'll talk to
Mike and you know like cuz I didn't know
you have your phone number at the time
line I'll talk to Mike and we'll have
French to it like you know reaches
they're actually like you were in so
much stuff of theirs that I just assumed
you lived in town yeah yeah I found a
way later that at the time you drove up
from Chicago that's a D in poop again P
I which I am so sorry about I so suck
but uh but yeah yes and so you did that
and that was a lot of fun and then we
probably didn't start to hang out
regularly until like best of the world
right right didn't run into you that
often until then right yeah and you're
it's not like you're a bar person we're
like with Mike and Jay
we could go to a bar hangout I'd I'd CJ
Etta at a music show or whatever mm-hmm
I saw you occasionally would film a mr.
Vallee
Tommy the mailman on half of the bag
exactly we knew of each other's
existence --is but none of these are
good and so then when when we would be
you know when there would be downtime
eventually nerdy conversation would
gravitate towards video games or comics
and which and I were the only ones that
would know about some Luka
as it happens o naturale
am i enjoying Bayonetta 2 I enjoyed what
I've played but I have not played it
since the stream because in my free time
I've kind of been revisiting the Zelda's
okay
and I still like Twilight Princess but
but but man after coming off breath of
the while it was so fucking linear and
I'd be saying that you know about any of
the fucking 3ds Elvis right no I go but
I wait why can't I climb on that thing
why am I stuck behind this wall that's
that's what the experience is like like
why can't I just go there oh no that
would you mean the bridges out I'll swim
across who cares if the bridge is up
right that would be so frustrating to me
the difference of it hits you like a ton
of bricks just a little limitations oh
yeah
majora's mask i hate young realistic
link
it's a stupid superficial reason but I
despise vaguely realistic young link
okay that won't be a kid the game only
only works in Wind Waker because of the
cartoony style or knowing whether Grave
it's cartoon sounds great I want be no
fucking ten-year-old fuck that
what do I think of Arkham night after
time is past I haven't really replayed
it rot since around the time we reviewed
it and you kind of kind of know my
thoughts from the review Batmobile sucks
stealth is dumbed down
combat still fun but there's much less
of it because while the Batmobile shit
they jammed in there fine storytelling
though rich confirmed for closed-minded
old man you you fucking you fuckin
Majora's Mask you know okarin knew all
of time fanboys I just go fuck
yourselves just just just go fuck it's
that stream right now go fuck yourself
get it out of your system and come back
but you might need that yeah
especially okar enough time man the best
the best game of all times
this games the best game of all time
that that happens to have the absolute
worst zelda overworld the ugliest
fucking graphics not that's the most
important thing in the world what is a
factor or of the most tedious combat oh
you know I think the combat side
I think the combats all right not green
I'll tell you what what does what does
it do that
that Twilight Princess doesn't do better
how are you I agree but okay at the time
try the princess woman a thing at the
time man at the time of 20 games I'd
rather play for combat plenty of them
oh I know I'm pronouncing it wrong I
don't give a shit because I know it
irritates you if you haven't caught on
yet I'm doing it deliberately because
you're so snobby about that overrated
game Oh Oh fucking Twilight Princess is
badly placed with long lame parks in
replaying it I will agree on that all
those dog sections the dog sections suck
yeah they can fuck right the program
takes that game takes a while to get to
the fucking point yeah I'll agree I'll
agree great then again I never said that
was the bezel to either when best I'm
still saying a Link to the Past then
winwaker winwaker yeah winwaker is great
I put winwaker over Linton fast I'll be
real with you when Drake is fucking
great
number
fuck you
which you approach Okara as someone who
never watched the original Star Wars
would look at that movie now except I
played that game when it came out and
I'm not saying it's terrible I'm just
saying it's it's not everything it's
cracked up to be
it's it's a good game it's not the bet
it's not the best over it's like the
fifth best zeldo especially at this
point yeah oh yeah there's a lotta
there's a lot of Delta's I put about it
like there's been a lot of Zelda's I
mean it's not the fifth or sixth isn't
awful right right
like I'm not when I'm not sure where I'm
putting breath of the while but it's up
there breath of the wild winwaker link
to the past Twilight Princess I'm
putting all of them above a car now and
you know what if I'm gonna be super real
yeah like there's a bunch of a handhelds
that I put above it yeah okay like and I
okay I like ocarina but Oracle of Ages
and Oracle of Seasons are great games
they're fucking great games Link's
Awakening not so much but but I mean
that that that overworld for Fraga no
karna it's just it's awful
it's fucking it's a big well there's any
big it's a moderately sized yours empty
field here here's nothing interesting to
see or do but and you know part of this
is our age difference and part of this
was at the time you were a PC player
right imagine someone who didn't have a
computer in their house yeah all they
had were consoles okay
that was huge to them how about how
about Mario 64 which we talked about
exploration was far better no no that
was different going into the paintings
was like different worlds Ocarina was
one big world and it was huge so like
there there there is a difference as far
as upbringing is concerned no love for
Link's Awakening I'm not saying no love
I haven't I just I just I just simply
haven't played that in a really long
time oh you know what end it yeah I
almost say no love for Link's Awakening
I yep
especially compared to other handhelds
like fuck you I think I think the Oracle
games do do far more justice to the
Zelda franchise what the Skyward Sword
to be the worst yeah I put I put a car
not over Skyward Sword yeah
I put I put o karna over Eva V original
or link to the past well Cara has the
second dollar surpassed I'm sorry
links adventure adventure okra me mu has
the second worst combat in the series
Skyward Sword has the worst like like
I'm playing a Zelda game and there's a
group of of goblins mob looms whatever
the whatever the Frick they call them in
that particular game and I'm not excited
to fight them because the combat system
is fucking awful
why do I say okuru nose so weird because
I'd only seen it in print and absolutely
never heard it pronounced until recent
days that's so shocking to me like I and
I like everyone I've ever spoken to his
always called it ocarina and even known
what how to pronounce it except for you
even though I know I'm saying it wrong I
get so amused by how agitated that makes
absolutely everyone yeah that I'm going
to keep calling it ocarina sure where's
that right which I don't remember which
is right anymore
wait what did you say Okara no that's
the wrong way right that's the wrong
okay
Oh karna
ever see sequel itís about length of
the past versus o karna ah oh you did
that one finally come out like years ago
like the last one he did oh really yeah
oopsie ah no then I don't think I have
he did really good he did that really
great one about Castlevania and he did
he did one about Megaman X yes were
really good and I know for a while he
was talking about doing a Ocarina of
Time one and I know I don't know if I
ever got around to it we did it's great
oh okay capable people in the comments
are very upset oh yeah no that's right
oh okay
like the the recommended videos next
they're all like like awful rebuttals oh
no oh no um
whatever your new egoraptor that was his
name yeah egoraptor egoraptor poor
egoraptor no I liked pronouncing it
incorrectly because I'm an asshole it
amuses him
what videos there's a there's a youtuber
called egoraptor and he has this small
series of videos called sequel itis yes
there apparently there's only free to
the whole series yeah where he takes a
sequel to a classic game and he kind of
analyzes it a gameplay perspective what
they did and what they changed how it's
different from the other one it's a good
series yeah yeah fine series fine series
I only did this
did this a Zelda one I missed out on
this show your big gripe with Asher big
gripe with a parent uptime is the hut
the HUBZone is an open field that's not
even that big and graphics
wouldn't you say those are minor things
I don't think the the overworld being
awful is a minor thing in a series that
in a fucking series that's all about
exploring and in the wonderment of
exploration and finding new things no
that's a big fucking deal when a
graphics I have said is minor and I
didn't say it's awful I just said so
many other Zelda games are better yeah
well you know what something I think I
that I ended up cutting is also linear
that that's something that I ended up
cutting from our breath of the wilder
view which is like ocarina is one of the
most linear
I mean besides Skyward Sword is one of
the most leave me here Zelda games an
ocarina is the thing that that steered
them towards linearity it's yeah yes
well you know what I'm gonna be honest
yeah
look for the past kind of start of it
Ida started there was a couple of you
out of order if I remember right and I
think you could pretty much get some
most places on the map but
fuck you Twilight Princess is linear
respect yes I'm not enjoying that in
hindsight yeah I'm replaying it now for
the first time in years and I can
criticize the fuck out of Twilight
Princess yeah I still don't see where it
doesn't do anything that okar enough
time does but better I may have said
that weird but you did you said that
very weird so that's very good there's
nothing that uh that ocarina does that
Twilight Princess doesn't do at least as
good the opening overworld is better the
overworld is better the combat is way
better there's some really good dungeons
yep yeah but the wolf sucks everyone can
agree on that
if the wolf sucks so bad he does the
wolf blows chunks I was pressing the
wrong button I am NOT a fan of this game
stupid button thing
stupid button thing
so rich are you saying I'm missing out I
don't play the Arkham games uh yeah well
doubly so if you're a Batman fan if
you're a Batman fan the Arkham games are
like the ultimate Batman experience yeah
they're pretty good it's a fucking
Batman simulator
yeah our games are all right and you
know I've only played a little bit of
that first one button but our domaine
pretty alright the Knights got a lot
going for man
my man's got a lot going for it sailing
for hours in winwaker is a better
overworld yeah sailing is an issue but
there's still more to find yes a there's
still a shitload more to find in
winwakerwinwaker you discover stuff you
don't discover jack shit in okarin up
right yeah please don't try to poopoo
windwaker nope you find you know you
find Okara
a hole in the ground you know what's in
that hole a chest with 20 rupees
that's your fucking reward for
exploration no the wind waker overworld
it was a the the bigness was an illusion
because there was a lot i'll agree with
that there was a lot of emptiness in
there but it was also wonderful like the
the emptiness you could say there is an
argument for it it being done on purpose
because it was a big lonely world and
you were a little kid going on a big
adventure you know I was me you could
have taken out the sailing though and
just lumped all the islands much closer
together and there'd still be a higher
density of shit the fine then hoot hoot
of time oh yeah oh no it would see like
the sailing and the distances from the
island is what made that world so
cohesive you know because you could
understand why no one like no one talked
to anyone like in Alva and all the other
Zelda games like the the the gorons
never talked to the other people they
never talked to the other people because
but like they lived two seconds away
from each other in ode of time right but
but here they're spread out ah wind
wakers so fucking compare windfall
island to castle town fucking fucking
boring ass castle town and food versus
windfall island where there's like three
people in castle all right yeah the what
do they call the bird people again
the the her asking me I'm the one not I
know no I know I don't remember anything
that could them compared to the fuck
Goron City fucking Goron City I mean
there's no question there's no question
rito thank you no no it's in hindsight a
lot of ocarina is is very bad at the
time i still defend it though as at the
time it had a lot of good it had a lot
of good going how lame and empty is is
owed Zoras domain how fucking lame and
empty is that was there one hora was
their wings ours like five it was like
five and one diving minigame right
the awe and wonder of walking into a
cave at the time at the time it's a cave
with a few people in it that's all we
had rich that's all we had to be the all
the Wonder the excitement with the power
of hindsight I agree with you but at the
time it was so pretty sure sure I will
defend ocarina a lot with at the time
but no since we have Wind Waker since we
have breath of the wild since we have a
lot of the games that we have now
more damage lasting qualities is a
sunburn
but uh
lasting qualities is a doesn't that's a
tricky quick rather the wild has
destination stagnation
what is destination stagnation
destination stagnation I have not heard
this term before destination stagnation
it sounds to me like going places gets
old but that's not true
it takes you like 200 hours to find all
of the places
that is not a term I've heard before
much being a very emotionally
understanding person yeah what do you do
if you're trying to talk to someone who
you care about but they don't or won't
talk back then don't then don't talk to
him leave the door open
yeah let them let them know you're there
for them yeah but you got to just let
that go man or else or else you're gonna
be the creeper unless you're actually
worried about them doing something
harmful to themselves Andy and you know
what even then you got to go man you got
it you got to let him be you don't want
to push you know what yeah don't push if
you push they're just gonna keep pushing
right back and you ain't gonna get
nowhere which would you say Mega Man
Legends did the overworld better at the
time fuck yes that came son yeah I
played that because you were like I love
I love little cities and towns in that
game I love the way all of the dungeons
are actually interconnected but instead
of having like just sporadic caves you
can find there's a giant fucking
interconnected underground and Mega Man
Legends so yes I'm gonna say Mega Man
Legends has a far better fucking map the
new it does that game could have the
best map but you can't control your
character they did it was like it's an
earlier game than I think even hmm at
least around the same time development
around the same time I remember sin
previews of had long before it came out
sure know that game sucks balls that it
came to the came to the Vita store and
it was on sale and I remember you talk I
can understand I can understand having
issues with the controls but the fucking
the fucking maps and the towns no not at
all not at all but how can you even get
to the maps in towns when you can't
consider there that's a different it's a
different issue you're talking about
yeah it's a completely different issue
you can't get to the good stuff
if you can't gauge all your care okay
really mmm
highlight legends but every underground
area look like a bland subway tunnel you
know you can blame on that the
transition to 3d it's effective it's
effectively the same problem that we had
you know is the 90s and they'd kind of
perfected sprite art yeah you know you
had some very very fucking beautiful
Super Nintendo and Genesis games and
then you go from this beautiful fucking
pixel art to this just fucking ship 12
poly ground on the screen at a time 3d
and that's what's wrong with that
the ps2 era games have aged well yes but
Mega Man Legends is a ps1 era game and
there was just too many too many
limitations and too much that was new
about 3d yeah I'll tell you what I'll
tell you what though Mega Man Legends
has that that o karna of time does not
oh that's it right god damn it no I
think it's still set around don't worry
I guess it right I still set a run I
don't
Ocarina is right right ocarina ocarina
okay so uh
okarin up time what perfect Mega Man
Legends has some nice crisp looking
textures well you know that nice at
least crisp looking textures yeah
o karna is a fucking blurry mess because
it was on the n64 it looks like a
fucking blurry ugly mess like every
fucking game on that system I mean yes
listen yeah that was not a system known
for its graphical fidelity it's clear
and not blurry with the Megaman textures
to me an eye texture looks like an
eyeball and not like a smear a smear on
a trying fucking smear and a triangle
extra texture is that grass or mud I
don't fucking know uh so much so much of
those things like I just can't care
about because of how bad it controlled I
can't even I can't even imagine you are
saying anything positive about it
because it controlled like like like a
tank with only one stick you had one
stick for movement and turning Oh is
awful stupid game I'm gonna fucking
stream that games and suck it you play
it you can fucking suck it you play it
then
as long as your planet I don't care I
ain't playing it
probably far behind now that's fine is
it yep okay hey I'm a through that first
stage without getting hit once good I
feel really good about that exit forget
no word I don't get an award for that
I'm a little uh a little work Gradle 23
says hey Jack I'm Jack thanks for the
tip on getting stuff signed I just
ordered a copy of space con and
requested that you sign it once for each
of your on-screen race lol fuck my car
I forgot how many I have might have
seven but I play legends to it all which
fixed the controls I wouldn't say
they're super fixed or a lot smoother if
you know I'm just looking for a modern
control scheme I didn't like the rest of
the game quite as much I don't like the
fact in the overworld it's not like
connected it's like separate
compartments that you go visit actually
I do really like legends over roll
legends is like I here's the the snow
town and then here's like a desert area
and whatever was great legends one or
lessons - - had the snow world that's
gonna like the different smaller areas
yeah okay
it wasn't this was labyrinthine
interconnected wonderful world
sign it once for every hair on your head
jack that see that would be easier
unless you're talking about hair on my
face - because eyebrows are Haven also I
can't stand mega man's new voice in the
legends to voice thing yeah
we have voices in both games what they
got both voices voice acting in both
games unlike ocarina I got hit twice I'm
not happy rich I'm not happy with this
game rich hates banjo kazooie because
it's a collectathon rich you never I
never played banjo kazooie oh yeah kazoo
yeah cuz it's a collector fun that was
probably why I didn't play it was that
it came out at a time when yeah I get it
I get Mario 64 I get it well I played
that I played that what's new rich has
rich and I I would say have strong
feelings about collector thumbs I'm not
a huge fan of it and I know just from
talking with Ritz that he is also not
the biggest fan like it's like Mario 64
with characters I don't know yeah well
they're no Mario 64 at least had like
cohesive levels like there was
collecting but there was other shit to
do too you know I was probably busy
playing quake 2 or Jedi Knight at that
time
because I've always been a PC guy so
that's that's probably what I was doing
around the time with banjo kazooie
playing something good we get it
something different week let me edit
rich you play PC games BC games great
and console games suck we fucking get it
wait to you
I love the quake - man how does a fun
shoot heat you but you you'd quake -
what's wrong with you man he shits again
even I know quick - has some good shit
in it didn't quite - he started it
didn't that sort of Reena definite um no
no that they had they had death match
since freaking doom no but wasn't like
uh wasn't quick - the first one to
integrate the like where it wasn't a mom
it wasn't a mod in any of them okay you
know now the doom didn't have mods the
multiplayer was just part of the game
doom yeah oh my god we're gonna West
player anger they don't like dial-up and
what now you know
oh no they probably a party's the show
yeah I might have I might have just been
land with you I don't really remember
okay I'm reckon you could do I don't
remember how the original version of
doom handled multiplayer but oh I know
you're not a multiplayer they didn't
they didn't start perfecting that until
the quake games
quake is where multiplayer took off
right
I probably saved me from making a bad
call still kind of water so Chad I
didn't play The Last of Us i from a
gameplay perspective I thought it was
uninspired and from the stories
perspective is just kind of overbearing
constantly fucking talking people rather
than doing the gameplay which was
mediocre I didn't I didn't care for it
fuck you H bard says you guys have
successfully nerd sniping nerds Knights
yes for the waterslide you would need a
radius of curvature of 94 feet a
10-story slide and you would travel
nearly a mile horizontally before
stopping you would have to travel anneal
a mile before horizontal IFT why I'm not
sure why the height is 10 story is
specifically that well it would have to
do with the curve because like no matter
what like oh go before it's before it's
safe enough before it's safe enough to
turn right okay okay
cuz at any speed if you make a turn ever
when you're going fast enough you make
that turn I'm not saying this is
something I want to try I just wondering
my weird brain if that would be
survivable that's all I was curious
about
yeah
ah
you played blue side or limbo and we
enjoy inside I haven't played limbo
though we have we had our full stream we
stream the whole game of inside yeah
that was fun and I know the the makers
of inside and limbo just got done with
their new game little creatures little
monster something like that something
like that
and here's I'll be real I'll be real
real with you I was actually really
excited about this game it looks really
neat until I found out that it was made
by these guys because now I know exactly
what its gonna be and I'm no longer I
know I wanna play because it was made by
the same people who did limbo and and
inside I don't care about it he season
consoles have their pros and cons what's
the con if you see some people who take
costs you don't have to build the top of
line work well you know I know I'm
playing devil's advocate for you yeah
cost is an issue and upkeep you know
it's it's not with it with a console
with a console like especially older
consoles it an n64 sometimes you had to
blow on it right that was it with a PC
there it's like there's their software
to deal with there's updates to deal
with it's been even with games like
getting the right patch to fix a game
it's a little more hands-on consoles
have already taken on all of the
negatives that used to be exclusive to
PC gaming that's true
fuck you know patches and complete shit
downloads yep yep they've already taken
on most of the cons yep they absolutely
have
I'm talking back in the day and as far
as cost there are people out there who
have put together gaming pcs for the
cost of a console oh yeah
no it's it's it's getting to nowadays
and you know like especially now with
stuff like Steam that has automatic
updates you know like make sure you're
playing the most up-to-date shit it's
becoming more and more where these the
old arguments don't matter but I'd still
say there is a costs they cost pipeline
and even a compatibility pipeline you
know where some games will come out and
it's like oh well I this came for some
reason does not support the graphics
processor that I purchased right I've
only had issues with that on the Windows
Store though lately I fall place oh sure
and I think that's just they did a
shitty job getting their game ready to
plan oh yeah
I don't I don't know what the fuck they
did with was a quantum break I don't
know what the fuck that was oh man your
footage from that was scary other met
though like just about anything that's
come out in steam for years now was run
fine without issues not major issues
fuck you I don't like this game I don't
like it I'm gonna play it for 15 more
minutes then we'll be done the only
issues I've had I've been when a game
doesn't have customization options like
you can't rebind controls yeah and
that's every console game yep
tell Jack that little nightmares wasn't
made by the limbo people Jack little
nightmares was not made by the window
you took you you chat obviously not you
you chant told me last stream that it
was I was very excited about it
until last dream you chat told me that
it was made by the limbo people it look
it looks very much like a limbo ass game
the con is that we have to pretend
there's a con because people think this
has to be a fair discussion says the
time at mousetrap yes yes this is a very
lopsided thing in my view oh no like I
said every single fucking day there are
less and less reasons to buy a console
every day somebody's saying exclusives
like blood-borne like currently that's
like the only worthwhile one though on
that in horizon zero dawn like that I
don't know ma'am I don't know ma'am
console you know it really then it's
supposed to just Nintendo like for the
Nintendo stop
even even then I'm sure you can find
comparable games that are on that aren't
PC one or one or two exclusives aren't
going to get me to trade fucking all of
the advantages of having a PC right
right because we're assuming in this in
this scenario that a person can only get
one you know rich and I are very
fortunate that that we get we get
multiple stuff because the show but in a
normal situation people can only buy one
trying to take a higher profile PC
exclusives I know they're out there like
recent ones like he could look at like
you know that one of the advantages of
PC is backwards compatibility is it
really an issue all of my all my old
fucking PC games I can currently play on
my PC for like the last freaking 25 to
30 years really the Sira games like you
know that was funny huh yeah I'm trying
I'm trying to think of something recent
that you can only get on PC I know
they're out there like this stuff like
star citizen yeah that's that's a fairly
recent yeah drawn a blank right now
wandering Souls civilization
civilization 6
she's about any real-time strategy yeah
yeah that's just our Starcraft stuff
like World of Warcraft would be the big
one yeah I'm not gonna you're not gonna
be able to find me yeah World of
Warcraft League of Legends that that
could that kind of like big-name mamoru
government or memo bus stuff you're not
going to be able to fight you just won't
find on on on consoles because of the
immense amount of
any thoughts on the upcoming ps4
spider-man game
uh yeah I'm gonna be horribly distracted
by that ugly white spider the entire
fucking game that's my thought on that
oh oh yeah you really don't like his
outfit I really don't like that outfit
and I don't know much I don't know much
about the game other than that I can't
comment on others like what they do with
the gameplay well I have no idea I have
no idea what they're doing with the
gameplay
hate this game I don't like it say what
I wanted to call doom a PC exclusive
just because why the fuck would you want
to play that with a controller I
realized it was released on the consoles
I played it with the controllers
XCOM - yeah of course
shit but that's out on consoles now is
it mate I won't be shocked but look at
this
fuck you fuck you game I'm done I'm done
I'm done you're done I'm fucking down
here let's we're gonna ton of tips to
get through how far did says hey rich I
see a lot of people recommend movies and
shows to watch yeah what are some
specific things you look for in a show I
look for it to be entertaining I'm gonna
play that you whoa rich settle down
there that's some wonder you're right
Gino suave when VR takes off in 100
years PC will be the place to be
up
mr. Bob blocks blobs mr. Bob blocks bob
says hey guys big fan here wondering if
you got any new shows in the pipeline
that would need a jingle I'm sort of a
jingle specialist and I'd love to have
you on my resume
consider it fanservice heap not not at
this moment not at this moment
but thank you thank you for your after
offer mr. Bob blocks Bob Kirkland the
whole star wars dated thing has some
credence my friends kids loved the
prequel trilogy so much more than the
original movies because of the effects
or that's what I tell myself but there's
no accounting for taste no no no this it
was the same thing for my children I I
tried to get him to watch Star Wars a
little too young and they couldn't make
it for a new hope not because it was
inappropriate or anything but a new hope
is a very slow move especially compared
with the later Star Wars movies a new
hope we really like it as kids huh we
like the disgust we didn't have anything
else they have everything else rich it
was very rare to have the options so
they have options they don't need Star
Wars like we needed Star Wars
after after they got a little bit older
and we made it through a new hope and
the other movies now they like all of
them but a new hope is a slow moving the
it's not even they're not even bored by
old effects the pace of a new hope is
glacial you don't get into a cool space
battle until what 45 minutes into the
movie
back in my day Star Wars is all we had
it's true I'm not again I'm not saying
it's bad I'm just saying it's slow
especially competitive movies it's good
to be with me it's fine
you know it's fine notchback Fiero says
rich have you read the ghost in the
shell' manga volume
so how do you reconnect to someone who
you've heard what's - who I've hurt how
do you reconnect with someone who you've
hurt but still care about die you might
not be able to don't man you fucked up
and you know what that's the price to
pay when you fuck up out of that lesson
just don't hurt people you don't get to
make that choice like if you hurt
someone and they no longer hang out with
you because you hurt them you don't get
to make the choice to reconnect with
them anymore you've lost that privilege
so that's just you fucking up just try
to be a good person to all the other
future people you meet how about that
that's all I got for you
I'm sorry if that's not very incredibly
helpful that's all I got for you laugh
at your misery we do we're not really we
just you know
fuck see chad is saying wait a lot of
time and send a peace offering once if
they don't respond never do it again
okay maybe okay no so go go I can see
that I can see that a B I don't know man
disclaimer jacket rich aren't therapists
that's very true you are taking advice
from two Schmucks playing video games
also rethink some of your life choices
he fucked me over I'm more likely to
throw you off a building let's forgive
you this is what I'm saying
so like it another sin like how do i how
do i you know like make it so I'm cool
with that person again it's like yeah
you might not be able to but you know
what if you're just like cool to
everyone else maybe it'll get back
around to that person that hate that
dickhead who is a dickhead to you kind
of cool now okay maybe Jack you ever
watch Legion pacify yes Legion his great
show I liked all the episodes and I
thought it was great and I'm really
looking forward to more Legion and the
people the actors were great and an
Audrey Plaza that was one of the only
roles I've liked her in as usually I
don't care for her stick and I thought
it's great Legion is great Legion is
good filmmaking and filmmaking as a tool
to help sell
powers oh I don't like Meissner says
jack my parents got divorced a couple of
years ago any advice on how to fix years
and years of emotional damage and agony
you turned it into art man that's all
you can do no there's nothing you can do
your fuck forever basically I went up to
it try not to drink too much because
that leads to depression and make smart
boom fixing your problems you're welcome
try experimental music
have you tried no don't don't turn to
booze alcohol is a depressant if you
turn to booze that you become dependent
what have you've started some weird shit
sometimes chat can pick up on the
weirdness they like the weirdest they
like the weirdness I know they're like
nascar's falling out of planes well that
was you know that was just good old fun
right there alright um
young Bubby's says you have clearly
omitted the greatest comic artist of all
Rob unnecessary pouches of life out Bob
Liefeld is a dickhead and an asshole and
a terrible artist I'm sure that was
sarcasm jack oh I know I just I'm not
taking the sarcasm and I'm just pointing
out to everyone that Rob Liefeld is a
dick
Rob Liefeld I think we've talked about
this before Rob Liefeld is a great
example of you can do it that man is a
terrible artist yet he is a professional
he is a high paid professional and his
art sucks consistently that means you
can do it too I'm not good and so can
you
hahahaha that's the Rob Liefeld wave
shit there sky laser you've never seen
those before
shit rich Jesus Christ
he made Deadpool right I mean steal
Deathstroke didn't take Deadpool didn't
maybe it wasn't the right early costume
sure it's co-creator he also co-created
he also created one of the people who
was appearing in the new Deadpool movie
Domino who is the exact clone of another
character that how he exists
she has the power of luck which is a the
mutant power that longshot has in the
Marvel Universe so it's the power that
black cat has really yeah no she isn't
she's a licensed Scarlet Witch affect
probability Scarlet Witch no she's a spy
now you think a black widow Scarlet
Witch scarlet no Scarlet Witch she's not
a spy scarlet scarlet witch has a
reality altering okay is that a red con
I thought she just altered probability
at some point no it's Carly well how
about that
comic Scarlet Witch had had the ability
to to alter perception and reality as
far as I know
but maybe perhaps at one point she had
probability of power powers of who knows
scholar which had the red laser powers
yep you got it comic books are super
silly because we're having this
conversation
agreed Aaron two six one eight says our
most of you at our LM cool if fancy you
and say hi and asked for a quick yeah
yeah I traveled to Milwaukee to see
family from time to time and wouldn't
want to do it if you don't like that
kind of thing
thanks I I think for some reason I'd see
more people than anyone else and I'm
always cool with it but I assume
everyone is someday someday Jack I'm
gonna talk about horrible spat fan
experience someday someday someday we're
not there yet I've had nothing but great
fan experiences I just met someone over
at the grocery store and they're like
hey I see you stuff and I like to stuff
you make I go to MATC and you know I'm
getting into film and and film
production and TV production I was like
nah man that's super great and like that
I always think it's great to you okay
I know I did you beat him by a half a
second I know I did ah notchback Fiero
says have you guys ever played enter the
gungeon on stream yes we have great
bullet-hell with good mechanics and
plenty of jokes and humor bullet-hell
rogue like all the bad guys of books
yeah actually we won't throw up here to
where we were playing nothing but enter
the gun
is a fine game it's fine good I got a
little bored of it I'll be honest with
ya it's not the one where I got punched
in the face believe it or not there's
something worse than that
ha ha ha I had a fan punch me in the
face on accident beautiful
now into the gungeon was fine it just
you know it got old after a while
it's got old gonna hate these lasers I'm
sure these lasers in general the red
ones on your blue one no no they're the
thing they shoot yeah agreed
it's the reason I like it is because it
changes up the formula or it's not just
all Gradius bullet-hell right okay
here's like it's like it's almost like a
puzzle that you need the song and I
don't and I dig that get in between
those two da or shoot or shoot
rebel bases just put my pre req order in
for strafe 1996 collector's edition my
pre-order in for strafe 1996 collector's
editions are you guys excited for it and
would you like them to comes back for a
post release stream they are welcome to
of course they're welcome anytime you
know what I still have no idea how he
found my skype when he found your skype
yeah then we give it to them after they
got all those in the chat or something
no unless you did cuz we were skyping we
haven't you and I were skyping right we
were on stream no no the first time we
were skyping and then all of a sudden he
called me and I have no idea how he
found my skype you're not weird
the first time the first time we placed
Rafe I you were skyping in and I was
playing at home I thought he was like in
the chat and then we said ah he's in the
Chad you lied you want to Skype I
thought that's how that happened yeah
but we didn't give him my Skype
information he caught he'd then just
called me hmm
oh we're rich rich gives Jack Skype
information out to everyone you just
can't expect him to remember one
specific instance
you just search to Jack the bulb when
I'm Scott maybe maybe no no I mean it
turned out fine I just remember like the
fun you know afterwards we like we had
never verified it was him because he
called me out of the blue so it could
have not been him who called us but now
I'm really excited I know like they have
a and you know we we backed strafe on
Kickstarter and some of the early levels
are available to play and I'm not going
to put oh by the way that does like six
damage to you it's kind of bullshit
right how was kind of bullshit yeah I
had a man I fucking I had that you were
doing great rich you were doing
absolutely great what the fuck yeah
that's this games kind of bullshit
but I'm really excited pleasure if I'm
going to wait for the full release of
strafe even though I have access to the
two early play I'm waiting I'm waiting
for the forms anonymous says I mainly
appreciate ocarina of time for
introducing lock-on targeting that
that's probably it that's probably it
it's real lasting legacy what sighing
something my throat that's weird it's
weird gobbledygook says number one
reason consoles will always sell well
kids lots of parents will give their
kids a video game system and let them
play Nintendo or whatever but a PC has
too many oh I didn't say they shouldn't
exist
I have nothing against them oh I don't
know you know if you're a dolt I don't
know why you wouldn't rather have PC but
yeah it's there's there's very little
reasons to have only a console LAN would
you want a flat oh really Kim also
gobbledygook says that rich to triple-a
titillating titles to tempt and attempt
in two weeks pray and injustice to pray
you like first-person shooter games
right injustice to as a fighting game in
the DC Universe but it's not free youth
box
yeah I keep hearing about prey I don't
know what I hear about it but I keep
hearing about it
maybe we could check it out I don't know
great you heard it here first folks you
heard it here first
please pray to or is it just pray anima
jor Clem says a tip for rich for being
the Messiah to the PC gaming race you're
the Messiah thank you thank you very
much hello robot bro I have no strong
thoughts on Minority Report it's it's a
fine movie I enjoyed it and then I
haven't really thought about it
do you have any thoughts on Minority
Report no it's fine
so health auto-cannon
try something like faster reload maybe
it'll give me fast homing I don't know
what wait where's that more for like
semi atif like the shotgun what what if
you just go over it don't click why but
just go over it now it can can you like
test out your weapon no no no same
reason I don't get two extra healthier
oh sure
two extra health is really nice bullet
autocannon is really nice you know you
know and we talked about Civil War - yet
no in comic comics I'm finally I'm
probably talking about a little I
finally caught up to what's going on in
Civil War 2 because that over huh oh
it's over now but I like I only read the
the trades and so miss Marvel and the
all-new all-different Avengers new
trades finally came out so I like I
finally know what's going on in civil
war tuna autocannon sweet yeah okay it's
great
and do you know why they were getting
why they were fighting in civil war two
because minority before because it's my
fucking Minority Report like they just
ripped that straight off it's bullshit
bullshit they wanted they want to
praecox
I wanted we got it we got a an inhuman
who can kind of predict the future but
we can't jail people before they commit
a crime oh we're gonna have another
Civil War it's crazy it was crazy
is what it was has really done I thought
it was very done
garbage advertising Oh are the sexbots
back yeah every once in a while we'll
get plagued with sex box we have sex box
yeah we got sex box from the chat
luckily we also have moderators who get
rid of the sex box
that's a much weaker premise than the
original Civil War yeah you know like
even the civil Wilson is like Civil War
had a really good start in the comics
that first the the the launch up to you
know what kicked off the Civil War was
awesome it was big blowing up a bunch of
school kids fuck yeah
that'll play on your goddamn emotions
it's great kind of fizzled some or
fizzled pretty fast but you know you
know what a comic book company is really
like big events big events that span
books and and can you know cross
continuity or cry or cross pollinate
another book so you have to pick up more
books where my option gathers I guess
doesn't want shoot mines that's nice
you're homing missiles
I call it option B this Gradius yeah
bullshit great touching what that was
big events are like bullshit behind
comics though well yeah cuz there's just
too fucking many big events now where
it's like for me reading me can I just
have a nice enjoyable status quo okay
well that's the thing like you know I'm
enjoying what's happening in the Miss
Marvel story and all of a sudden her
personal shit gets put aside so she can
take part in a larger civil war story
structure and I don't care and by the
end of the issue she's out of it and it
doesn't matter you know just let me let
me follow Kamala and let her stay out of
it I'm sure some people do stay out yeah
Aaron two six one eight we went through
this a couple weeks ago Marvel physical
comic sales are tanking they're digital
comic sales and they're right I so don't
care I'm just putting it out there
diversity SJW diversity I don't care
about any of that shit anymore I'm so
just I'm so totally tired of hearing
about it rich I'm correcting someone
who's so fucking tired of him correcting
someone who's stating incorrect their
did their digital sales are up and their
trade sales are up their collection
sales rep physical into physical sales
of individual books are down in brick
and mortars just because they're
probably you know because they are
settle down there's that was that was
that we weren't even getting into kind
of politics rich we were just talking
comic book sales he is gonna you can't
avoid me oh we could we yeah I could
have if you want has said anything I
just what I would have said my thing to
be gone you in the chat would have been
just I'm talking about politics you know
what that is that's the chat I don't
care about the chat man that's not true
Wolverine remake as a woman haha they
already did that that's x-23 boom they
did that like three years ago
done done decree crazy
they already did that Thor's a woman
Wolverines a woman Iron Man's a woman my
point is why do I care if these aren't
the characters that I was reading about
before and liked but there's no reason
for your game bridge okay there's no
reason for you kid the only reason for
you to care is that some of them are
good stories and you might like them
sure sure but if I were a fan of some
such a such character for less 30
freakin years another gone oh yeah be
annoyed sure midnight sure but they
don't care about you rich we got new
people buying their books now they don't
give a fuck about you Supergirl is a man
now absolutely Supergirl is a man Wonder
Woman is a dog it's crazy
new Thor and Iron Heart isn't oh I like
I do like miss my right yeah and I I
mean there's no world no matter what
they do to the character of Thor there
is no world I care about Thor at all
because I'm reading the the New Avengers
that that Kamala's a part of I kinda
know what's happening with Thor and the
Jane Foster thing and it's they're
trying for something but I still don't
care about four you want some crazy Thor
as Jane Foster spoilers sure great but
I'm about to get so you know the lady
for ya who's just Thor is actually Jane
Foster oh yes we've said this well we
know this but Jane Foster is cancer
stricken yes I notice and every time she
transforms into Thor it resets her
cancer back to mega mega cancer okay and
so then every time she transforms back
into Jane Foster she needs to restart
chemotherapy and so she's constantly in
a state of why would she ever be in Jane
Foster mode because it can't be Thor
well why can't me I don't know I'm sure
there's a rule about it I'm sure there's
a rule about it rich I just don't care
about Thor that but I guess what I'm
saying here is like if you compare that
to like an original for at least there's
something that's humanizing about that
okay good well you don't like original
Thor no I don't like a reason for all
right so for like for me and now like oh
that's something I might be able to get
on board with I'm still not gonna fuckin
read it but that's something that I
could theoretically get on board I hate
those
somebody
it just sounds wrong it's like I said
it's a way to humanize the character
it's a way to take this God and make
them somehow relatable I'm saying a for
effort I'm still not reading the book so
it doesn't matter
there's nothing here I need is there
what does keep on shooting after swamp
Oh
so Thor has cancer yes
what are we even talking about we
started talking about comic books and
how weird they are coming to like them
like you know it still like a frauds as
young bubbies I have a 3d printing
company want any props are just random
stuff made for future projects I'll work
in exchange for the hours of content you
already have given me rich is there any
specific prop that you're looking for
like heavy this re moment printed not at
this moment okay
you heard it here which is not looking
for anything specific
god damn it try to 3d print a rich a
rich Evans so then they can put rich
Evans on the nerd crew wall with all the
other nerd stuff it'll be meta it'll be
so meta anonymous is Jack and rich how
do I really know about I'm thinking
about it I'm thinking about it so if
anything to do with SJ w ant is JW
reverse anti super none SJ w QP no no it
doesn't doesn't have anything to do with
anything okay
so you say read it Jack and rich how do
I get a lady friend to touch ding dong
please help be a kind person that she
loves and would want to touch your ding
dong oh really good advice or depend
upon what she's into be Avia's someone
kind of you know rougher mean person
there's a bad boy
but talk about it does know what she's
into talk about it first talk about it
first
that that question is something that
should be posed to your lady friend not
too rich a knife which I guess is that's
the biggest things like just talk to
your lady friend they never really want
to touch your dog they just want you to
touch their Hoopoe I don't
a rich I think you're really wrong I
think it I think it goes both ways and
it's a given a tape I just want to say
ding-dong of goofy nice all I wanted
drank no I think that's fine that's fine
great
Charlotte some three says hey guys
missed the last dream and just wanted to
pop in and say hi
use two bucks he bound truckin huh thank
you
yeah we will we were trucking all all my
long and hunchback Jack says when did on
accident become a thing when I was
growing up in the 30s it was always on
purpose and by accident
what gives language changes also please
discuss the social implication of
changing language what do you mean what
the social implication of changing
language words and definitions change
over don't have a viewer that grew up in
the 30 stack this is this is a joke I
don't know I don't understand the whole
on purpose thing oh look at that a
little friend your little laser friend
rich it's great
what you mean is lit yeah right now
currently a definition of literary
literally in the Webster's dictionary
says not literally that's a real thing
Oh a paler no all right all right just
some just some head-on stuff and I guess
that's the thing is we need to we need
to be comfortable that the meaning of
words change over time which is that's
just how it works man there's no there's
no social implications that's how it's
always worked it's just happening to us
now
and we should be okay with that
the times they are a-changin
dish dish stir how can you guys be so
into comic books but hates manga it's
just it I never met into a comic book
store in the 10 years thing up well in
theater try not to lump us together rich
and I I have read many a manga though I
just usually call them comic books
because I find it disturbing to call
them mangas it always seems creepier but
I've read several I just talked about my
kick of going into reading lone wolf and
cub they had a the same author had
another series kind of a cousin series
called Lady Deathstrike
that was pretty awesome about a female
assassin I read one punch man I I I have
read manga
I'm just saying it feels weird
I do I read plenty of mangoes
I love all the mangos which is really
true negative delicious let's see here
Aaron - six - and Jack thanks for
enlightening me about the comic book
sales issue if I'm wrong I'm wrong sorry
rich wall I didn't want to make that
political it was just about soso writing
okay okay that's alright thanks for
clarification and I know that like I
said we talked about this a couple
streams ago that was like the big news
item one day about comic books out of
the social edition is failing haha
everything goes back to normal and then
the very next day was like no nevermind
we got it wrong and that's all a slight
buzzing said my friend watched rogue one
twelve times in theaters literally and
refuses to admit any of its shortcomings
here's some money to offset him somehow
because pyrite is all right by me you
people say I don't like anything but you
keep asking me about things you know I
don't like why do you do that they love
tearing you apart they want to see you
burn for no other reason than because
they have the power to some time playing
Phoenix right you want to ask me about
Phoenix right I asked me about XCOM is
there new x-men game coming out is there
some speculation on a new axe game
coming up thanks comm I sure like that's
all the breath of the wild this that was
a fun game I like that game that's a
great game did everyone watch that
little mini doc about her on Germany do
you have any questions about Star Trek
The Next Generation everyone keeps
asking me about shit i don't like today
Oh where's this is this opening oh I
think I didn't do try again I just
didn't start afresh no okay sure
that's what you see when you start from
the menu okay okay
candy fork roses hey guys your motto of
everything's fine has helped me when I
get angry you're truly the best
psychiatrists that's right everything is
fine all the time
babbles everything's fine mostly uh also
where's Jay I want to tell him how wrong
he is about his opinions about something
I tasted probably at home Hanuman I am
NOT Jays keeper I don't know where he is
my guess is he's watching a horror movie
because if I had to I had to place a
safe bet it'd be that Jays watching some
sort of almonds at this oh I hate this
one yeah get behind Evan saw his ass
who is this purple or pink damage dude
oh shit shit you gotta move stick and
move stick and move
I don't want to see how powerful the saw
was come on maybe maybe I could have
gone through me quick I tried to power
through it he didn't have the more
damage it was the first stage so I don't
really care that much pink damage is
when are you doing bonus damage yeah
yeah good could be good that was a fine
all right let's see what we got here a
man with needs says longtime fan first
time tipper
Jack have you have you ever shown
skyhigh to your kids no I recently
rewashed it and it's a great superhero
movie thank you and keep updates on
humour sky-high juice Kurt Russell is
like an over superhuman I haven't seen
it I've ever heard about I've yell like
sing
poster for it right right I also like
that one has come up a few times I'm
like maybe we should watch that because
I do I have heard good things about it
before sky high but no I haven't seen it
and my kids haven't seen it that they
might like it with a for a while they
really liked that we were watching all
the Spy Kids movies which is why I know
that the Spy Kids movies are garbage
because my kids really like them so we
watch all the spy kidneys and they were
they were into that for a while and so I
thought we could watch sky high but
never got around to
all right now this is rich I don't want
to ask you about anything you don't like
do you think that the TNG movies could
have been more tea and GE and been more
successful I'm not sure that TNG was
really built through epic cinematic
experiences TNG was built around a
diplomat talking people out of shooting
each other hmm
do you think like the question is is
there a world in which you can make a
TNG movie that is true to the episodes
and still has some sort of mass appeal
or should they have just never dipped
their toes in the in that water
I can't say with a hundred percent
certainty yeah because we never a.m.
the closest we got to a TT ing movie
that felt anything like the TV show was
insurrection right
well yeah it's like a schlocky TNG
two-parter but haha
everyone hated it yeah some I'm just
gonna say no they just never should have
dipped their toes in that water yeah
yeah yeah it's fine maybe there's some
filmmaker out there who could have made
an amazing TNG movie improved me wrong
my gut tells me they just weren't they
just weren't built for for the big
screen
yeah what do you think Jack if you can
okay so if you have a filmmaker who can
handle the next generation keep it just
like the tone of the show and make it
cinematic it needs to be an independent
feature and it won't have mass appeal
does the best of both worlds work as a
movie they never do that I never did
that as an episode in in series Jack I
just that they that ends up being a
movie
maybe it's got some action beats wait
best of both worlds is bored right yeah
that's the two part Borg won the Borg
won the Borg won right does that work I
don't as a movie and does that work if
you're not already a fan of the show you
need to care about who Picard is more
before you know it means something that
he got kidnapped and altered okay okay
I'm with you it I'm with it so the start
of the movie is all is all setting up
the universe right the first 20 minutes
the cards the greatest captain he he
he's a diplomat right I think you have
to build it even more strongly around
Riker no no Rick these are records there
he's there but he's like DeAnza
basically he's your protagonist well but
see so here's here's the fun part so we
need to build up the card as the
greatest yeah but also set up the
universe for people who don't know so I
and the crew well we'll get there so the
opening of the movies Picard is is
handling a dispute between two alien so
you know there's aliens you know there's
a captain of a ship and he's awesome and
a diplomat right then when he gets
kidnapped we care about him
Riker comes in and but like Rikers a
protagonist but he's kind of a fish out
of water and the action hero yeah cuz
he's the captain but not really the
captain not the captain we all know cuz
from the time from friend of a time from
the time Picard gets kidnapped yeah he's
not the Picard we know anymore you know
he's easily he's part of the Borg right
but that was a big twist I know it's a
big twist but I mean for most if you
made that a movie for most of that movie
you're the biggest character in T&G;
isn't really that character anymore
right right but if you have to set up
how important he is yes you just saw yes
you do this you do you or do you can you
can you count on people being familiar
with the show or do you have to make it
as can to make it you have to make it as
his own thing
yeah or else you end up with with the DC
Cinematic Universe could this could be
it
rich mm-hm you got your weird alien you
have a fairly simple story beloved
captain gets kidnapped not so
experienced captain has to take his
place and try to get him back you can
get good action sequences with the Borg
you get a great villain mm-hmm-hmm can
it be done in a movie maybe look ok
maybe you need you would need some real
talent to pull all that shit together
Chet's mentioning queue can you make a
queue central TNG movie that to a
general audience member isn't just
that's what that's what the fuck is this
queue thing right that's that's magic
and mayhem and it barely worked in this
season one like in episode 1 well she's
in one right it's like that like that
was our introduction to Star Trek and I
bet that turned a lot of people off like
what is this Anna rocky start quick quiz
nipple pick what was the Superman
villain named best of the most world
that's best of both worlds that's what
it started turning around
chicken sandwich I see that question
we're going to finish talking about Star
Trek before I into that
with with some talent with someone who
knows how to handle a big ensemble cast
with someone who knows how to handle
characters you could have you could have
a really awesome best of both worlds
needle I can be with you right now look
up I think that's a great call chicken
sandwich wants to know is there any
movie that I'm really excited to show my
kids but they're not quite old enough
yet the answer is of course there is a
literal fuck ton on the top I mean
obviously there's stuff like Robocop
and shit like that that I can't wait
once they're over just to watch all
these super weird and gross movies Evil
Dead Evil Dead it's gonna be great
on my list of movies that they are
almost ready for is Jurassic Park don't
think they're ready for Jurassic Park I
think the older one is but you know then
you go man that sucks for the older one
he's gonna be drowned back asshole even
young life with movie well because it
was younger fucking brother no I would
expect him not to hate his younger
brother ant but well no but now the
younger brother is getting old enough
where we can send him off to friends
houses like oh okay okay we're hitting
that good point where we can you know
separate them a little bit more but uh
you know Jurassic Park is a very intense
movie and so I'm just that's what I'm
worried about and the dinosaurs are so
good-looking
and so real-looking that I just don't
want him to freak out but top of the top
of my list is Jurassic Park right after
Jurassic Park is ghostbusters
and really the only reason I haven't
showed them Ghostbusters yet is I think
there's too many dick jokes those are
too many sex there's there's too many
sexual references ok where it's like you
know language is no longer problem
because they know how to cuss now but
you know like we're you know too many
sex jokes so Jurassic Park and
Ghostbusters are at the top of my list
it's gonna be it's gonna be quick
all right Simon how we end up so we
might caught up oh we were I can be done
at any moment you can be we have more
but you can be done I'll play what you
read oh okay let's see here anonymous
says wait nope so I got to go back
hunchback Jax has written Jack sorry
about the on accident comment I was
trying to be funny and it fell flat
here's a tip in penance good stream as
always which which one remember the back
in my day on accident man and we didn't
quite understand it Aaron two six one
eight says here rich here's two dollars
so I can ask about Star Trek the motion
picture okay explain to all of explain
to all of us why it's a good movie I
observed the mercy rule when it comes to
annoying people why is it a good movie
uh III don't mind slower pace with
science fiction um it's late Islam it's
very slow-moving it's it's about
investigation I don't I don't mind Anil
and a mysterious threat and it's not
about we're running around with with
lasers and the bad guys running around
with lasers and we got to shoot the bad
guy it's it's about exploring this weird
unusual mysterious thing and then they
learn more about it I enjoy that yeah
that's fair i I enjoy the kind of
rebirth themes and you know I I fully
understand if you don't like it I can I
can totally agree that yeah like this is
a whole lot of fucking beauty shots that
enterprise and I can understand that you
don't like that you the rest of the
movie I am so down with huh the way the
visuals of the motion picture are very
powerful and very beautiful in a
science-fiction setting their journey is
wonderful literally all you have to do
to get me on board is hit the
fast-forward button as soon as Kirk is
heading up to the end
Frye's because then that'll cut 20
minutes off of the fucking movie it you
know I guess a probably helps that as my
absolute favorite science fiction ship
of all time right that probably helps
right so you just want to just oh that's
thing I haven't read a single fuck look
at all think of the angle over there oh
yeah oh is that natural lighting oh I
love the way they like the ship man so
the light is coming from the shit up
yeah
I'm so fucking good ever everything else
about that movie I'm really on board
with it's weird it's slow it's
deliberate you know just those Beauty
shots I I took a nap why again you know
what I I heard about the paint job and
that movie they think they can never
quite get it the colors to pop in the in
the movie just in a way it was lit but
you know how they did the panel effect
that's like different colors of
pearlescent paint it's like transparent
greens and blues and reds and yellows
sure you've seen on the screen just the
way it's laid it looks like she's got
different shades of gray but it's
actually really colorful interest I've
seen like a recreated paint job cuz a
guy who painted it actually said no it's
actually all these different colors oh
that's really neat yeah it's a beautiful
ship jacket it's fucking beautiful show
I don't care about that you I don't I
don't care about the ship at all
not even a little bit I'm so sorry it
feels like a tos episode and those word
here's the action thing there's a
science fiction thing that's going on
know a lot of space vaginas it's great
great wombs Jack boom mother how to tell
you get in there rich yes
can focus too much on the vagina and the
sex it's about us all about the rebirth
with that film well the how do you think
you get to the birth part sure sure
science 101 people people want to talk
about they get hung up in fact it's a
vagina snicker snicker it's an easy joke
to me
oh yeah it's a vagina because this is
like the rebirth of Star Trek Star Trek
comes out of the womb at the end and
everything's like it used to be with
Kirk back in charge and bones joking no
give it give it a shot and now Star Trek
is back that's what they're saying with
that give it a shot but
once Kirk starts flying up to the
enterprise just have your thumb over
that fast-forward button but I can
totally understand my people wouldn't
like it and why it is not for everybody
yeah yeah anonymous says following the
TNG question recently re-watched The
Rocketeer your your opinions to me mike
is right such a lovely and charming yeah
I've always agreed with Mike on The
Rocketeer like I'm frozen Mike because
we we tend to enjoy a lot of the same
things the rock tier is one of them I'll
agree that it's a lovely and charming
movie uh I would I know you know this is
something we talked about a lot recently
where it's like I would love to see The
Rocketeer get a reading I think some of
these some of the action was a - you
know what this is going to take us right
back to the beginning of the stream a
lot of the action in the rock tears a
little dated
I'd like to see that done with a little
better action sequences but overall The
Rocketeer is a wonderful it doesn't hurt
that I really like Art Deco yep
oh my god Rock two rakahs here's a fine
movie uh fine fine movie catch us up I'm
above done right great I'm not done
mister says did you guys ever see the
Gazzara TNG edits on YouTube he makes
two-minute comedy shorts by reading
clips from the show the wacky humor is
great you guys would love it yes I've
posted links to those in the chat before
oh yes those are hilarious
those are hilarious mic chase gaming
says hey rich thoughts on the Bears
draft here's two dollars I heard they
gave up like a whole ton of pics to get
like an experienced quarterback oh yeah
yeah I don't know I don't I don't know
much about the football I'm really I'm
not I've never been a huge football fan
so I can't say how good or bad they did
haha gotcha
they've been trying to do a sequel
reboot ooh the right ear for a while now
the female rocks here not kidding yeah
I'd be fine I'd be found that I think I
you know Rocketeer is obviously it's
just it's very classic superhero journey
stuff you can make that work set it in
the 60s yeah cuz culturally you know
women's live that's going out at the
time and that would work I think I think
with 1930s rocket it needs to be your
standard
oh yeah white guy Mick hero like like
like you would see in that era oh sure
but like 60s even like that's early days
of like Commercial Airplanes like it's
Garrity of pan and that kind of stuff
that could work likes like I said 60s
right she finds she finds the rocket
pack has to go on a crazy adventure
that'd be great
I'd like I said I there's so there's so
many good things about the Rockets here
that are like really offset to me well
if Yuri watch it like that super awkward
scene in in the in the jazz club where
he like falls on the food cart and is
like stroll like rocketing around in the
fruit pie like this is dumb well it's
not it's not an action movie where he is
a superhero kicks a lot of
is easy he's a guy who finds a rocket
pack right and he gets involved with
this Nazi adventure spy adventure yeah
it's an adventure but I'd love it to
have just a pinch more action it's an
adventure movie not an actual agreed and
I agree but oh I want it I want it I
wanted to punch more people with the
rocket rocket punch rich rocket punch
alright and okay Oh so here's way here's
$2 a shack to give you a dollar of it to
buy a Mitch
chubowski Jersey lol go pack go also the
footage is great the verbage is great
and it's great the povich's is fantastic
not as good as the bumper
yeah
I hear they're gonna they're going to do
a witch sequel yeah it's it's good -
Dracula it's gonna it's going to be set
though in the far distant future slated
to director of the Wachowskis it's the
first directors I could think of with a
dummy who last night the matrix the
podcast now cuz it's just W then one
only eating it's upside-down face for
the app from the matrix the no than
underneath then a drone a tricks and
another exotic gonna be distributed by
performer brothers okay
rich Jack following the TNG movie
question here is a TV show that moved to
a successful movie or movie series
x-files maybe Oh is there a TV show that
moved to a successful movie or movie
series x-files the original series Star
Trek the original series probably
probably for most people and more
well-known for the movies you know what
helps it was less of an in samba cast
right CTOs is the the Kirk Spock and
bones show three characters you got to
worry about it's not a yeah you have you
have your supporting cast who are well
known characters but they don't do much
well here's here's the honest truth
though Sulu check off and horror were
nothing more than just back dressing
they were set dressing yep okay I'm with
you
ooh Gino suave wins with the Naked Gun
series turning police squad into a movie
series worked perfectly well at least
for two of the movies but then again it
wasn't really a successful TV series
they did they didn't much anything about
being successful right
I know tomato series turned into movies
I'll give to make again I see someone
mentioned Firefly but they only did the
one movie and really it was it wasn't a
hyper successful movie I don't know if I
actually don't know it was a good movie
but it it didn't unlike the Star Trek
movies it couldn't stand up on its own
you need get earrings you know it's
closure for the series
but ooh this time it's lupus double wins
with mission impossible lashes possible
movies okay
okay fine that's a fine Addams Family
the OOD Adams Oh The Addams Family those
that's not yeah that's a good one but
you know what I would say both like
Mission Impossible fire hits the nail on
the head more whereas Adams family was
also probably poking a little fun at the
show the Anna's family yeah no it was it
wasn't poking fun at the show it was
tongue-in-cheek
the show was tongue-in-cheek
AJ pimps all says hey guys genuinely
curious if mike has ever been approached
to do Palpatine voiceovers and it was
just a joke in the last vid but he does
make a good point
it would have liked to have been yeah he
would have liked to have been yeah but
also he hasn't done anything to make
that happen
you know these ships that you should
have done should have started like a
like a like a send Mike to Hollywood
campaign Mike does a pretty good
Palpatine impression well at the time
him being a notorious prequel critic I
don't know how likely it would have been
in any in any case correct it could have
now I'm saying it could have made for a
fun series of videos Mike tries to get
that sorry Glenn Mike tries to enter the
Star Wars universe is that before or
after Lucas and sold rebels
yep
I don't know in Palpatine Clark order I
literally couldn't do anything we're all
caught up you don't need to play Aaron
would mind asking I know okay I ain't
gonna agree with that
skin light rich no I don't you know it's
not the best game ever but I am enjoying
it hey I don't like it
he's got too many things wrong yeah let
me let me read map those buttons man
sure
sure let me remind you that right any
game right on snap right off the goddamn
bat boom boom boom boom boom
um all right great let's uh let's swap
over to the twat sure and take a little
moment to thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream oh
you have you guys only been seeing like
half my face yeah well you don't need to
see all of it you've been able to see my
milky milky knees look at them you're
them milky knees I'm a pale person rich
okay I don't need eggs I need to
remember to make that twitch highlight
that's what I need to remember a jiggy
puffs um clay dough one urban crisis VAR
yar 77 for 15 months in a row and VAR er
says yay me I'm officially a toddler or
something now keep up the good times
prereq by the way if you're watching
this in YouTube and it's your first
video of ours you have watch you're very
confused right now as well as to why
we're just saying names yes at the end
of the stream we read off the names of
the people who have subscribed to us
during the stream yeah if you're not
interested in hearing any of this you
can turn the video off right now you
might miss a little bit sometimes people
have messages that will come in but
sometimes we get into storytelling
sometimes it'll be funny but mostly it's
just us the wrap up this is the wrap up
yeah this is usually that point in our
YouTube analytics where there's a sharp
drop off in viewers
that's where we at I just did VAR er
okay um a cosmic 422 fucking months in a
row says smiley face emoji some blue guy
in chat says half a year with you hack
frauds I wouldn't have it any other way
I lost my name is looking at atmosphere
I last 1985 23 fucking months in a row
harm and Z for 16 months in a row turbo
Dangerfield says hey rich and Jack I'm
new to this whole twitch thing welcome
I've been an RL em fan for a few years
but just recently started watching
prereq I'm not much of a gamer but I
love listening to you guys banter thank
you for all the great entertainment well
you are welcome thanks for watching
that's what that's what we try we just
try to talk about stupid shit basically
a podcast yeah that's what it is it's
like a for our podcast twice a week miss
toots says four months still a long way
to go until I get a fucking good wait
well the only who likes really long
podcast what are they what do we have to
wrap it up yeah go on
are you stopping for
yeah more I say just fucking say it
structure you're not enough
you know the fucking primetime show you
know don't worry about a commercial
break they have to cut to structure the
well and the other idea is you know a
pod can our podcast is very is very easy
like and if you if you don't edit
anything right yeah but let's say you
just go on for as long as you want then
you start to ramble it doesn't you know
if you're entertaining I don't give a
fuck but what if you're not entertaining
then maybe you have to start editing the
audio and that's more work and post that
means the episode goes up later okay
okay it's all it's all about ease okay
he's work and we're we up I did this
it's my fault you did this I just did
miss toots okay Theodore J hooker for 32
fucking monster
a Giga Giga site media vice versa man
says I forgot to share this earlier end
message okay Lucas Ducas for 19 months
in a row Rob foo smooth move the dude
nineteen forty four twenty eight fucking
months in a row old handsaw says is
anyone else getting weird anniversary
dates I've been subscribed since last
August but it's telling me four month
anniversary and old Dan saw I'm seeing
nine months yeah you so if it's telling
you for months I'm seeing nine months
and I think it's a problem with your
font let's go look at this yeah four
nines look look hey Ches eighty seven
twenty nine fucking months in a row says
yes get the switch Jack has bad opinions
oh damn down I have given a lot of
thoughts to whether or not I would
recommend a switch rich and I actually
shot a whole switch episode turned out
to be not very interesting mostly
because like most of our we have so many
episodes that never got aired because
they just weren't interesting this is
like three down one
well no most is a month this one mostly
rich just didn't care and so is me
talking
haha and it was just ran like me gonna
average hey you got anything he's I
don't fucking care about the switch
exactly exactly so just turned out to be
not a good episode but I've been really
thinking about whether or not I
recommend it I can't it's just not it's
not it's not there once they get some
more games maybe they don't got em right
now again is because it's fucking giant
it's not especially portable for that
reason this is not going to have a great
battery life you have a cell phone that
has games on it that are great for time
wasting when you are somewhere and you
need a game to waste time already if
you're going to play it in console mode
you need to buy an extra controller
because the
controller that comes with it is garbage
if you're going to take it on the go you
need to buy an extra case to take it on
the go because it's not something you
can just shove in your pocket or
backpack and apparently if you want to
play it multiplayer you need to buy
separate other accessories so everyone
could hold the little tiny fucking
things it's it's so wasteful on the road
or in a doctor's office exactly when I
don't want to get into a be absorbed to
a giant console game like breath of the
wild yeah I don't know no it'll be a
great place it'll be the only place to
get your new Nintendo games yeah so if
it's got good Nintendo games that's
gonna be a reason to get it sure but
right now but the portability I just
don't get Wow and it's it's it's good
it's good it just doesn't have the games
right now done em okay alright that was
a no is it why is it does switch opinion
case 87 okay check fox says lol Chuck my
Fox say Laurie 7 Paul Kersey architect
says been an RL M fan for years but only
been watching your streams until
recently what have I been doing with my
life what are you doing with your life
now hopefully going over those
blueprints cuz you know structural
integrity is really important Paul
Kersey isn't that Charles Bronson's
Deathwish character was he an architect
you know I don't know what he did before
he was a vigilante right interesting
okay oh right a huge as says the smart
money's on a Harlow and the moon is in
the street okay well hold on I think
this is a monologue the smart money's on
Harlow and the moon is in the street and
the shadow boys are breaking all the
laws and your East
your East st. Louis and the wind is
making speeches and the rain sounds like
a round of applause
who wrote this and
who cares I don't know I don't know what
you do for beat poetry I think I've
never been to a beat poetry Jam I like I
can't do that you can't snap no you can
stamp your feet no I can't I never could
huh I never could this is skill I lack I
can do I get vacant but I can't I can't
snap my fingers I can't
that's so fucking weird rich I can't
like I can barely snap with these ones I
nothing I use my middle fingers
that's so weird rich you've never
learned how to snap your fingers or are
just some weird like like rolling your
tongue I don't have the genes for it
it's just something isn't right that's
crazy
cuz it's just it all it is is no
Richards this you're just slapping it
against the flesh I guess wish you got a
switch then addendums wish the Nintendo
saying this is the kind of nugget you
get if you do listen to everybody right
they're gonna say anyone who dropped out
is gonna miss that weird little tidbit
rich doesn't know how to snap that's so
weird
know you I can't teach him this yeah you
got a kid no how many I just maybe she's
not gonna happen ever Joe how do you
know what how do you teach someone how
to snap their fingers oh all right sorry
where were we that was that was that uh
captain jerk
captain jerk says two pathetic months in
a row
Brad ass termites Denzel Washington
silly poot did T silly putty D yeah all
right I get it
Vaughn and taro Euler's number do
rampage says wait a minute
flamethrowers don't work in space also
thanks for all the crap you guys put on
you're welcome
I can't believe you like this shit Jesus
is awful there was there was a there was
a lot of flamethrowers in that game rich
III listen to part of our stream like
the other day and I did not pronounce
one word right Jack I'm not a single
fucking word I know right
I like I lost count of all the misspeaks
you had tonight ah like I lost count
ah Val 5001 how the fuck can you listen
to somebody who can't talk it makes him
feel better people doing oh okay young
Bobby's polo juice says when are we
getting your on-demand service that's
right the red letter media streaming
archives we're only here to get our
stuff under a $30 a month gets you
access to all the hot red letter media
action oh my god $30 a month X Mensa for
thirty four fucking months in a row
mentok Whois says oh hi mark oh hi rich
oh hi jack oh hi chat that's shockingly
good considering you've never seen the
room I know oh hi Mark and I know that
like exists okay okay and till there's
an M tilter M yeah
M tell him says hi w Ren Jib Fresno Bob
says love the rogue one commentary and
love the stream Meissner one for 28
fucking months in a row says listen to
the rogue one commentary today
good stuff as always and the dead horse
in the thumbnail was a nice touch
I left over to Mike I said you know the
thumbnail has to be a dead horse right
yeah yeah oh yeah it's gonna you make it
a dead whore yeah yeah yeah I got that
arse I know space Comeau for 32 fucking
months a neurosis thank you and good
night
brad is a geek welcome Brad as a geek
says more money for the frauds I know
that's where their name shows up twice
it says here's the weird thing about
brightest geek he says Brad as a geek
could just subscribed with twitch prime
so welcome and then the very next name
is Brad as a geek has recent four zero
months in a row so yeah very strange Dom
DeLuise
ha ha Timothy Yeager says love you guys
and everything you do especially
recently with the nerd crew podcast pick
up the great keep up the great work and
meme on oh yeah here's a Lily's another
dong DeLuise yeah we showed up twice
yeah how strange
I'm gonna have the twitch and triangle
maybe also trying to sub normally I
don't know huh neither double dipping
maybe the subbing through twitch and
then something can you do that
some through I mean sub through Amazon
Prime and then sub through twitch I
don't think you can do that ok cuz the
counts are linked now um beefcake is
saying that's on twitch not me this is
not a beefcake situation alright
and so ledian I am wolf thing just funny
I was just playing Twilight Princess and
you world that was big thing magical
Flying Tiger for 12 months it arouses
one you're in I don't always get to
watch you guys but I enjoy the stream
every time I do I'm looking forward to
the next year with you two and the rest
of our LM thank you no way
mn says rich you might be interested in
heroes 3 a turn-based strategy from 99
it has tactical turn-based combat with
strategic exploration on the overworld
and kingdom management in a fantasy
setting this game is huge in several
ways
good good these urban crisis Oz Mike for
twenty eight fucking months in a row
oz Mike says hey guys twitch keeps
trying to dump my sub into you guys
which knows what's best they're trying
to help you was my fuck them hating you
getting money so here's twenty eight
more months of seven Cheers
thank you guys Mike morning bus uh Lando
was taken for thirty-one fucking months
in a row a midnight Andy nineteen months
in a row and Lindsay
yo yo yo says investigate 311 did you
ever listen to that band 311 311 mmm
they they were kind of a funk metal band
they had it was like a hardcore metal
band but their their head like a bank
above look at Ditka bunk bass lines 311
on the inside I think was one of theirs
you know that on the inside no I don't
you know you're not gonna say anything
interesting enough for me to end the
episode suddenly oh just give me you
give me nothing
