Jul 5, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164132318
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/164135708
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wMphCnr5mo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKzJsfV-viE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/882675544978067456

[Part I]
the screens back obligate hit the rich
button hit the rich button
there we go that's slightly better hi
everybody
what's up I there's been some technical
difficulties I'm more worried about
their servers being down because we're
we're getting the set up yeah
and suddenly we both got kicked out of
the game we both had login failures and
where we just we're just waiting too
long as we were setting up maybe I
almost the same time so I think their
servers went down that's very possible
hold on should make this a quick night
okay all right now this is podracing yes
this certainly is all right all right go
steaming and start mine up all right
start yours up and then we're gonna go
to obs move move over yes back over here
where we can see it oh yeah hold on
scoot you over there theoretically now
oh wait you see it on my screen
oh you hear it I don't see any over here
though shit
we'll fix that right don't you work
there disparities everything's fine
you wanna adjust your brightness I do
want to adjust my brightness my screen
is all messed up connecting said do we
have any brave souls try and contact us
about fighting Jason I want to I'm on a
posse a thrower I think it's best if not
we just tried this you a mate I think
you know like maybe we'll like warm up
by triangle okay something is all fucked
up with my with my computer all right I
think I have my gamma setting I think I
need to crank my game I like way up now
you guys can kind of see mine Hey
also I have to wear this very silly
headphone because uh so you can hear the
game so I can hear the game and talk if
I need to talk to other people in the
game with you could you click start for
me I'm the mouse
oh no that's me click the mouse but does
anything I like this game but there's so
many fuckin technical fuck-ups okay
how's that
alright alright we're gonna okay now you
need this for your push-to-talk
I just need this right so so you you get
situated with you there my game is like
all the way up there okay put this
behind us do it again alright hey
everybody
now we're slightly prepared now we're
cooking with gas
all the gas alright my gamma is all the
way right customized counselor so we
need a chick
we need a chick and somebody who can
knock masked off of faces yeah we need
one of them I wanted them broads one of
them chick broads priests ton chance
will be handy
thick-skinned what setting can do this
yeah you guys can see mine that's fine
use push-to-talk yes use push-to-talk
apply oh wait no no I don't want to use
push-to-talk tech damage increases Tommy
okay overall stammers just general good
to have a weapon durability sure or
attack speed increase day so we are for
anyone who doesn't know tonight we are
going for a Jason kill that's the hope
that's the dream which that when rich
and I are counselors and I have my
computer here off to the side with a
separate monitor as you can see over the
over there
everything's also a little weird because
jack is a wild good I am a wild card I
hold on I'm gonna go to my female
counselor because we need that we
definitely need at least one female
she's got a good stamina boost she's got
a low profile and some strength oh she
has she has decent strength but good
stem you know she's a good runner too
cuz with the girl I need to run in and
out of the cabin as soon as possible
I can also break free from Jason's grabs
easier so that's my that's my hope here
is I can break free from his grab okay
okay right and this will keep me
helpfully hidden from his ability and if
I do get out of his grab I get an
adrenaline a stamina boost which is you
know something I enjoy so then yeah here
if you if you seem like if you head over
to my stash here you see how we do this
look at that yeah
that's pretty neat now you can see my
name's yeah oh listen that extra ten
minutes that we were late guys totally
worth it totally worth it for that look
at that so you know I'm gonna go Vanessa
here and I'm gonna go with strength as
the hardest part to get the mask off
something on with buzzy okay so now we
want to go to our spawn preferences and
go to councillor spawn preference right
oh yeah yeah we do I think that's a good
idea I don't even think of that yeah you
see this this is a pro setup we have
going here super pro what apply all
right
I have to we have to apply settings okay
all right I think I'm good
we will see here brightness did you get
better me now I put up I put it up to
the max gamma oh that it could go that's
insane
I will switch it oh you did switch it
back to you good well you know are you
ready are you ready we gotta meet up I
guess how do we go create a party yeah
create a party and anyone else we show
this huh
what do you mean well people's names
come up and well they not want names
being seen should I listen that's part
of the oh it doesn't show up so it's
fine no friends are showing up to invite
oh I know it's not true
cuz I'm right here you're right there
cuz I'm right here game what are you
doing max gamma private I destroy the
party rich invite to party right you
invite me all right I'm going to a
private match here no I just started a
private match I think you have to invite
on now I now invite oh I see I don't you
people have shown up oh wait is this set
to offline or something maybe hey my
students at the offline I don't know
those were at the same party doesn't
fucking matter
does anybody you know playing Friday the
13th right now
I set up a private match not a party I
know I know
thank you so what I want to do here okay
Oh invite to party great party create
party invites if I there we go oh you
know one here I'm probably set the
offline mode I'm gonna put out again
gosh darn it rich where'd you go to
change this shit huh what are you going
to change this wait I gotta get back in
the game
oh yeah now get back in the game offline
moody a rich are you rarely multiplay
reverse game is one of the major
exceptions to that no it's okay you're
getting in the game now are these bb8
headphones these are yeah these are like
rogue squadron headphones I got them on
sale at Target for pretty cheap it's got
a little microphone also I fucking love
Star Wars yes you guys know me alright
okay invite me to the thing tab to view
and clip to join joining party joining
party that's a magical time we're gonna
do it boom you're in the party are you
ready rich I'm ready I'm ready let's
let's do this
alright well anybody else you know play
music fucking game uh listen let's do it
just you and me party for now okay you
know we need rich some warm-up time
alright yeah I think I sound decent with
this headphone people can hear me people
generally hear me it's not the best but
you know works gets the job done gets
the job done though I couldn't play with
this microphone when I was recording
gameplay footage because when I have
this headphone plugged into my
controller no sound goes out and so I
needed a whole different elaborate setup
when I was recording all the game audio
well I sound good now cuz you guys are
hearing me through this microphone but
they have to hear me should you download
this game and try to join no because you
will not know how to play the game
you're not experienced at this game
you're you're out of the party we're not
we're not putting up with your shit we
got some we need if we're gonna kill
Jason we need people who know what
they're doing at least someone Wow we
know who we're muting right
what the fuck
the table of death oh yeah
oh my you know the problem with
multiplayer games is completion it's
always the biggest problem
all right here we go here we go all
right okay which Matt we are not the
counselors that I thought I set myself
to oh I am NOT like Oh cuz we forgot to
change it in-game well shit well that's
fine that's alright it's fine all right
you know we're gonna continue the plan
this warm up jack this is yep this is
exactly what we're doing we're just
warming up this is why you warm up I
think it's already gone wrong everything
well you know we can do that
Oh hope I found gas are we going for the
gas and battery are in the hold on where
the hold hawk are you hey gas and
battery are over here where are you I'm
huh
where are you I don't know next to one
of the cars yeah along I'm gonna go
check out this car next to us here and
see if it's a four-seater I'm gonna
check out getting away from here yeah
get away from Jason that's why my goals
it's a fine goal rich oh oh oh my god
that I need to tell him hold on
hey the four-seaters over here we found
the gas in the battery right next to the
four seater rich this is amazing and I
have a character with really good repair
stats shit and I messed up he knows
we're here
oh now Jason's chasing me
gas and battery in the four-seater Jason
still by you yeah you didn't notice
walkie-talkie
hey rich hold on I can't do something
out quick walkie-talkie just gonna walk
you you had batteries in the other room
yeah yet no we don't have keys yet and I
found the other battery actually right
next to the forest meter yeah we still
need keys we need keys I don't have a
map and I'm pretty sure Jason's on his
way to me now Jason's north oh great
I don't think Jason knows what the fuck
he's doing that's very possible which
it's very very possible how can what
you've really got the more exciting
things come on hold on switch this what
I have the more interesting stuff
happening yeah
hey guys we have a battery and gas in
the four-seater anyone got keys alright
let's head to the four seater over here
that's someone you muted is screaming
yeah we're all here we can go yes this
is a full car yes yes chard is good at
driving he can drive
drive
which is in the driver's seat now here
you go hey what happened to the our
fourth person well that's his fault he
was in here sluggish we won your Tommy I
don't Tommy okay well switch back to me
I was switching to you that was easy
I don't think that I think you're right
I don't think that Jason knew what he
was doing well shit we just I spent all
that time getting the fucking car out of
here now I know we don't have anything
else done this is bonus yeah this is
bonus you're it but then you gotta treat
Tommy what so you got a treat Tommy it's
like Bonus Time sure you're upset when
you go back in this Tommy you're looking
at it the wrong way
I suppose well you know like I'm upset
because I don't know where anything else
is and I don't know if anyone else is
talking or doing another battery I do I
do know where that other batteries get
to a motherfucker I'm on it I'm on it
don't you worry this oh I found that
this this is time to practice your tommy
strats right I found the the fuse house
too oh this place has been cleaned out
that someone left the fuse rich someone
left the fuse people are gonna do that
shit what the f man and Jason isn't
laying traps rookie Jason has to be a
reputation visceral attacks on stairs
says yeah I open the stream for one two
three grenades I skipped ahead a few
minutes because I wanted to see what the
gameplay look like you had already
switched to Friday the 13th
review yep I mean we knew almost
immediately almost immediately that dad
oh you ready got the cops on nice work
jack the fuse was in the house that the
fuse box was in they didn't surgeon well
enough no no they left one drawer
unsearched and it had the fuse in it oh
my god dumbass fucking dumbasses
everywhere in this game that's why you I
mean you have to double-check everything
and it's a pain in the ass but you have
to double-check every single house Jack
you're kicking all sorts of ass I listen
I've been practicing I've been
practicing the off switch says yeah did
you know in some parts of England they
call the legs of untanned men wearing
shorts hairy milk bottles this is just
some something I'm sharing completely
unprovoked for no reason at all oh that
makes me wiggle jerks
I'll took all the hell sprays you know
many more than they need they didn't
search that drawer or they did and it
was just crap they didn't search this
drawer well they were probably all full
of taking all the health potions no that
dressers you ever find anything in the
toilets I never do in the toilets like
you know in the stalls no yeah me
neither
you know either though yeah it's a kilt
yeah yeah I've seen the toilet
is your setup so they get the audio from
you no they don't get the audio from you
which probably should have change that
they can't know they just can't we can
if I have this headphone plug then they
cannot get the audio from oh okay which
you know like obviously there's just not
a lot we can do about that we have some
we have some serious hardware
limitations and that's that's just it
you know I'm getting I'm getting your
audio by spectating so we're good oh
there you go
and that that's gonna be trippy oh yeah
sorry our delays just a little bit it's
not it's not quite perfect we thought we
thought was very good it's pretty good
it's just no it's the spectator cam
isn't the same as yours I can move this
around independently that's why it looks
different you went in that window at the
same time our fucking delay is perfect
fuck yeah that's what I like to hear
close the fur it's pretty good it's
close enough I mean look at that look at
that all right where am i god I'm just
waiting for the cops like I got two
minutes left go check out that toolshed
maybe there's something that Jason
killed anybody
Jason hasn't killed it to evade to evade
something wait no he has killed to evade
to evade escaped escaped
oh he go by Chad when it was on my cam
Chad must have left then no he I think
he killed him he's got that's one of his
goals no every died yeah they believe
everything dies I don't want sit around
though make sense but wait till after
they're dead I don't give a shit okay
they leave before they're dead because
they're mad they're not Jason their
pricks
and different different angle on the
action nice nice work rich so be great
if you're being chased
oh yeah hi
what's going on nope okay that's fine
all right you know what let's just let's
do some math practice here nope let's
leave
really Tommy you're just gonna leave
them to kill that girl
Tommy you already escaped you don't get
anything extra for escaping twice you
know yeah your only job is Tommy is to
rescue other people at this point nice
yeah but she's trying to escape on foot
she's that know what you can't you can't
do anything about stupid you can only do
so much she's hanging out by the exit
and she can't leave there yet if she
escapes nope no you're right rich you
can't do anything about the baby oh poor
girl
and I need a weapon if I'm gonna oh
she's right there oh she was right there
is she dying
she glitched she should have kicked off
by now
there we go
all right I help this bus he survived is
he close uh you probably see him on your
map yeah I can meet up with them an
album I can meet up with them an album
okay come on we can do this friend I see
Jason in the woods I see Jason in the
woods come on friend we can do this
alright alright he's son of a bitch oh
okay
where'd he go come on he's just probably
out of stamina okay come on let's dig
this right here let's go wait where you
going man it's time to go
okay we got out we got out that's all
that matters
this that's a good idea chant I'm gonna
I'm gonna mute you one cuz we're getting
an echo when you talk oh sure sure and
yeah you don't need to hear it I like
the way this working out yeah yeah okay
trying to do anything on the steam
controlers hard words boom boom
I know I'm stuck on the screen oh can
you continue on okay you muted me yep
alright we're returning to lobby rich
here well good oh shit everything's
broke get you back named cam do you
wanna find a room where our pings aren't
fucking garbage yeah
Liv you're in the driver's seat
wait dump did you spend the party you
did I I'd love some swimming I'm with
you doctor do it up says hi guys
I just finished the last expansion for
The Witcher 3 it was lovely
but now I'm sad because I'll probably
never play something this brilliant
again hmm
were you ever sad about finishing a game
yeah it's not about finishing a game
sure just maybe play a couple extra side
missions just just to stretch it out
play the game Oh fine sure
I felt I felt a decent amount like I
know there were there were extra little
side bits that I could have done oh my
god there are extra little side bits I
could have done in horizon zero dawn but
you know like I was ready for it to be
over and I felt I felt pretty good about
the ending so but I definitely could
have like oh yeah this story was a
little bit longer that would have been
nice ah our pings are still kind of shit
but also we have two of us here and
we're streaming and I think this is just
gonna be one of those that uh alright
that we have to do you know what rich
was putting the batteries back into the
wireless keyboard which fell off my
couch right you see we always need to
have our keyboard right next to us
whenever we play this game because you
can rebind controls and because we're
we're talking to you guys we need
push-to-talk and so we need to make sure
our push-to-talk button is right nearest
except for me because I have this little
mutant this is not just touch us by the
way cuz all of these pings are garbage
we can deal with it because they're all
garbage yeah but you know what when I
was I playing either last night or this
afternoon a little bit and and all my
things were garbage I wonder if they're
having server maintenance maybe issues
why is this only seven honey oh right
right oh crap oh crap well I'm a girl
but you're not the girl I'm not the girl
that I want to be wait a minute
wait how come I didn't switch mine I hit
X maybe not in time oh you know what we
need to pay attention more right okay
this is another of training why is this
in 720 because it not only uses like
Internet bandwidth for us to send it out
but also for you guys to take it in and
we just want to make sure that our
streams are running as smoothly as
possible and 720 seems to be a nice way
to do that yeah I tried watching some of
games done quick with we're just going
on right now the big speed running their
doors of course and my internet I get
the apartment is shit uh-huh and it's
just kind of like stopping every now and
then it's really obnoxious yeah and then
we're gonna go jump in it yeah yeah so
we try to you know 720 still high
definition no I'm still still quality
enough five push up against this wall
I'll hit it and then would you go to the
alright you're right I am buzzy oh okay
did anyone else get away I'm still lady
so if we wanted to try for it yeah I
need weapons I need a weapon
you know like the the really upsetting
part was what Jason here already you're
probably by them probably by the phone
yeah no I don't think I am by the phone
pocketknives
healing spraying more pocket knives have
a healing spray oh I found a map wrench
would be nice
machete does damage but with two of us
we're gonna have to do some stunning to
survive yeah I think wrench is the way
to go even though the machete does way
more damage sure exile take ax I think
that's got decent stun and good damage
but I need someone to back me up case it
grabs me need pocket knives he's on my
button where are you at I'm in I'm in
the radio tower house where is that I'm
in spring water I'm in spring oh god I'm
in the other side of the fucking map
shit who's that alright I'm gonna keep
looking for pocket knives then okay
there's no way I can get there in time
to help that's fine if I find a battery
I'll fuck up a repair for you now I can
get out of this I can get out of this
this Jason oh I got a walkie-talkie
that's so full
maybe I can get out of this
shit shit made of bread made a bad call
Richard
oh no he's killing someone else it's
fine keep going keep going
yeah I'm gone I'm at the I'm at the
archery range I'm basically just hoping
to find a pocket knife I okay I have a
first-aid spray I'm heading towards the
mechanical shed we have a Tommy Jarvis
did you call Tommy Tommy's was called
yes I did not call him but Tommy he was
called me just stunner that's good stuff
how does the pipe do first time I don't
really know the stats on them I have a
pocket knife so I could be a little bit
bold with this axe that's what the
pocket knife is okay so his camp he's
nearby
all right I'm gonna go see if I can find
his sweater his sweater should be up
there right up by the peninsula
which and I were doing a little homework
early
we're doing a little homework earlier
and testing our knowledge of where the
Robin Jason spawn sites would be king Oh
is he just gonna kill you without
grabbing you guys why wasn't his
swinging did you hat not have the axe
the car is driving away the car is
driving away going poorly yeah yeah it
is
oh no he's at the car now he's at the
car I see him hi Jason you'd be busy
oh no don't come this way car I'm trying
to get away from Jason you were totally
where the actions at huh oh yeah Jason
is over here chasing the car I am by the
other car right now okay I'm looking all
I'm doing is looking for Jason's Hut at
the moment so because I think like
that's still the plan is you know is to
get the Jason kill we have some of the
makings for a Jason kill we need Tommy
on our side well I have a walkie talkie
you have a walkie talkie
so as soon as Tommy Jarvis is on the
scene we can start we can start out of
the plan
I'm on the peninsula which is sometimes
where his save him there or South I
think it's to your right
it's in the back you're the back end of
the peninsula okay
and we'll check and we'll check out over
there how are they doing in the car they
got out come on check come on check oh
is that a check no it's a house I don't
see a check might not respond over here
okay where's the other area could stop
by the main road by the main road yeah
son of a B hold myself well near where
the car got out that's fine all right we
will head that way then wait wait for me
I'm gonna take another look I'm pretty
sure it was a nip here huh looks like
Adam take a double checks take a double
check I kind of know where it would be
of course of course and okay I think
it's right in this area you know what
it's a measure twice cut once right yeah
that's that's a fair rather they have to
come all the way yeah this big patch
right here that's nothing yeah I'll wait
for you all right
tommy's on the scene Tommy Jarvis we're
going for a Jason kill you win
Tommy come back Tommy
who's Tommy Jarvis we're going for a
Jason kill very bad we just get the mask
off and we're fucked because Tommy's
gonna be dumbest sent towards a group
okay
just head towards another body that oh
wait you have come some people yeah one
of them's Tommy drivers Tommy Tommy
drivers we're going for Jason Kelly you
in we got to find his Shack you gotta
know he's here
that's it what you're in earshot itself
instead of the self okay I'm going so
why are you splitting up oh I thought
you guys were following me
I think the strat is to stay together I
thought you were following no no no no
no no okay well make our way there
slowly okay you guys work well I'll go
the roundabout you go you you just go
and we'll keep him busy yeah yeah keep
him busy I got this
I think he's near here though where's
yeah he was he was still neither I think
yeah he's Tobiah
I we're doing this this is the idiots
leading the blind well maybe it is right
now you know what we got we got a hope
we got hope in our heart and a song and
a song in our inner step all right i buy
the main road now you're dead that's
fine
all right I'm looking for a shack by the
main road that was further down it's
close to where the car went out and
that's kind of thick part okay hey guys
still still going for that Jason kill
wait don't step on the trap why did you
do that I didn't know as a trap I didn't
know as a traveler check your attack
button yeah I have to like sprinting
didn't swing the fucking axe
you'llyou'll why am I so afraid
cuz you stepped in a trap yeah I see
that nigga's leaving I think they're
just leaving yeah they just they just
left dickheads
I'm just gonna try to sneak in hope he
doesn't see me and he told me sees me we
need to stay together here's the piers
the strats Jack yeah here's the strats
okay when he grabs somebody the other
person hits them so they get knocked
free okay this is easy to do with like
three or four people hmm slightly harder
with just two and it's almost impossible
to do damage on him with just one person
cuz Jason can just grab your ass right
so we need to stay together okay if we
have if we have like four people three
people could stay together and then one
can you get the sweater but if we only
have if it's just the two of us I don't
think we can ever get that far apart
okay
no I think that's fair and we have to
stick with weapons that can stun him so
we can have each other's back to knock
each other free only he grabs
don't Stefan traps up you know I was I
was busy thinking about other stuff I
didn't even think about the traps I got
a sweater and I got out alive so so you
know there's that don't forget to switch
to what's-her-face
yep Vanessa yeah yeah I'm going for
Vanessa how did you know that Jason was
after his ass killed three out of eight
to bed
starwars headphones its headphones so I
can listen to my game because I'm
playing on a separate computer matter on
with a different monitor that's off
that's just off camera camera computer
mode fron compute all right now I'm
ready to go and so if I want to hear my
game which I do of course and more
importantly talk to people with my
microphone I can't talk to people with
this microphone because this microphone
is plugged into that computer the
computer up there and so I want to I
want to you know go on the computer over
here you see him it's all it's all part
of the the the what he call it the gizmo
the gizmos is the month of Friday the
13th being replaced by the year or I day
the 13th
well we'll stop playing when it stops
being fun jackass yeah it's really true
it's a very fun game when when fun
things stop happening live on stream
yeah we're done with it then if you want
we could switch to grenades one two
three first of all it's three two one
grenades disrespectful
we run random on random em play it
forever I know I I kind of could and I
just want I really wanted more I want
them to make this game more alright here
we go we're ready let's try made up
earlier yeah I have good speed and I can
I gotta pack a wallop just play that
groovy tune for us what groovy tune I
didn't know they were groovy tunes right
how else would how else would we see
like rich drug literally driving circles
around Jason if we didn't do this it's
by the way it's really weird for me I
don't know how it is pretty rich but
like seeing them on two different
screens yeah it's very it's very big
screens waiting to feel the vision this
is right so it's like off of the side
turned off oh yeah turned off ways a
little bit hey awesome outfit okay I'm
by the the bathrooms
Oh where's my thing go hey guys we're
going for a Jason kill you in you start
that way too early
way too early what do you mean I'm just
letting everyone know what my plan is we
just have to stick together watch each
other's backs until we get the mask off
then we can say hey everybody his mask
is off yeah but we can just tell people
beforehand and then they don't even
won't even worry about other stuff we'll
just go right after him I don't have a
nap yet dr. Harry Lime is thanks dr.
Harry
whoever dr. Harry Lime is he's got my
back he also called me jack so soon yes
I've seen that name in the stream I
think okay I think he knows who we are
and what we're doing now we got it we
have up we have a third word where are
you now
I'm by the houses by the bathroom to the
to the south of the bathroom I mean the
north the spring water to the south of
the bathroom is what I said and what I
meant
rich to the bathroom I said two people
and if your the house is to the south of
the bathroom my man my brain was not
registering words properly I'm just
thinking you were saying North I don't
know what's wrong with my brain yeah I
thought you would said North yeah I
really did that is it clearly what is
wrong with your brain moment yeah rich
has a brain moment all right hey you're
in the other house I am in the other
house strip I have a wrench and that bad
weapon to have Jason's here
or that could be lending that's the
music fucking with it okay I have a
health potion dr. Harry has a health
potion I'm gonna invite dr. Harry Lime
he's it we can start start it's too late
to invite him he's here already I mean
make him a part of the party yeah so we
could stay together oh okay sure he
might be a basic Vanessa though like
look at that outfit that's basic we'll
see we'll see how competent they are
okay doctor hurry line baseball bat all
right what are we doing rich find Jason
I think okay well I think it's as simple
as that why don't we head north and head
to the car yep because you know what
he's gonna be around that car well fake
be working on the car I've researched
this house yet uh no any pocket knife we
find is good sure that's like a freebie
wait where's Jason he's alright let's
just head to the car you know you want
we should we should check any of any
resources we get the better there's a
wrench it's not as good for stunning but
it is better for damage sure I have a
wrench dr. Harry has a machete yep
that's fine you know that's that's fine
that's fine
all right we got two people that can
that can stun someone if Jason grabs one
of us now we're going all-out attack let
her have you left I don't hear music
oh yeah there is
he's guarding you're not gonna do much
he's slashing his slashing he's slashing
yeah does that mean that means he's not
going for grabs
and if he's got his guard up we're not
gonna do any damage we're not gonna stop
him Oh oh he just locked the ammo
oh you get a special ending what
everyone else all those rich
you can't revive keys we can't hear me
either
part of my problem I wasted my health
spray I was trying to heal dr. Harry and
it healed myself instead look that's
nothing I wanted to use here had clouded
my ability to see Oh
which item others using oh you're close
to your close to this person person is
far away now can't look behind me is
that a few thing huh look behind me
button is not working huh maybe your
controller is all broke off I'd maybe
explain well I was having trouble
swigging we're having so much trouble
swinging this thing no idea I died Jack
died so now we're spectating I'm
watching riches back see you look at
this rich you can just look behind you I
guess we need keys at this point right I
think the cause is otherwise lost and
I'm willing to grab keys and get out of
here if I could find them big pile of
dead bodies
I mean we got some good we got some good
licks in we got some good hits in he was
smart enough to guard he wasn't
completely incompetent but well you know
the problem was he knew he could see
three of us have run right up to him and
so I think that's like yeah we what was
happening need to act like we're
repairing the car right I need to be
smart about it
well that was the plan but we ran into
him like I said you know you can have
the best plan but as soon as Jason shows
up it all goes to shit what corpses keys
put it corpses keys does anybody have
keys
yeah I can't my controllers having
issues I can't hit up to see who else's
sure well maybe unplug your controller
and plug it back in just to see let's
see here
marching home says guys how do you feel
about the Netherlands anyway I was dead
anyway
poor rich you got shot by another
counselor yeah I was dead anyway
sure but you know you at least want to
go with Jason so the right she's not
stunned that white Korean kid I thought
the wrench had more stunts rich you have
any specific thoughts about the
Netherlands its place they go frenzy
says why is Grand Nagus Zek such a great
character I don't know I don't hate the
character I know that I'd list them is
one of my favorites so I oh let me let
me go on about the very reason whoo okay
the second question who is Grand Nagus
Zek this is the leader of the Frankie's
okay
he's the he's the head CEO of the fraidy
Empire okay sure
yeah listen our mad killed Jason strats
are you gonna work the first time isn't
Grand Nagus Zek is not played by
what's-his-name The Princess Bride oh
yeah I think that's a placement Oh
that'll be why he's good
sure that's a great idea that was a
great character actor I think he's funny
done I think but now I'm gonna say that
and if you're looking back he's still
alive look at that outfit that's a great
well Shawn yes it was a Star Trek thing
no good good good let's see here
anonymous says hey rich and Jack what's
the weirdest and most outlandish thing
you have ever been gifted by a fan the
rich Evans doll is that the weirdest
thing a doll that looks just like you
cuz that's kind of weird somebody's son
of blackbirds with our name on my family
they worked in something upside in
business that just happened today
placards I sent Mike one with a Star
Trek logo that's just captain bicoastal
glossop oh that's cute yeah yeah I get
it I probably didn't even get one so how
about that or did I get one uh yeah
Wheldon oh yeah everyone okay that was
good yeah I thought it's like well he's
a god one yes yes jack placard ah I love
him I love him
Oh someone's backwards driving their way
out of this oh oh oh not not dying out
yet where you going
yeah they're gonna backwards drive their
way right out of this situation this is
great she's doing great
see if my controllers all the way
plugged in I am having issues - yeah I'm
plugging it and plug it back in just to
make sure that that your computer
registers it doesn't know what's going
on no it's not recognizing it at all oh
now you might need to like shut down the
game and restarted sorry rich I'd used
mouse and keyboard but I can't rebind
anything and I'd have to have I'm this
chair of this WASD thing hanging out I'd
love to just have my number pad and
rebind there that would be great that's
why I don't want to do an interview
because I would complain shit about a
show I got but I wouldn't let him off
the hook but I I would be curious as to
why that hasn't been a priority for them
and how hard something like that is
maybe they don't get that much demand
for it let's see here giggity giddy
sorry giddy guy one says hey Jack and
rich longtime RL m and prereq fan loved
the Friday the 13th streams just started
watching the movies thanks to you guys
part three was hilarious what was your
favorite Friday the 13th movie well I'm
not a I'm not a huge horror fan so my
favorite is Jason X because it's Locke I
also enjoy Jason Jobs part two I
remember being pretty good to be honest
I haven't seen most of them in a very
long time
probably not yeah you got to knock him
down a lot closer to that car he's gonna
zoom over there yeah yep that was silly
they might have a pocket knife yeah but
no she can't get back in she might be
able to squeeze in oh yeah little kick
away get in the car
can't no no she can she can it looked
like she knows who's in the weapon need
a weapon what kind of weapon you gotta
get closer to that car gotta get closer
to that car I'm gonna I'm gonna
reinvade me I'm gonna control on plate
yeah do it it's a fun game but a little
buggy a lot poorly made a little a lot
poorly made a little buggy it's like
it's like tiny tiniest bit buggy
another pocketknife rich another
pocketknife yeah that's great
I figured how to reinvent me J yeah I
love punching the head off that's my
favorite I I think I knew y'all means
what even then I'll reunite you assuming
my controller even works all right it
does
I mean leave here oh he murdered yeah
everybody everybody except for one
person who left no that's it for me
because I got shot with a shotgun that's
right yeah right yeah you got betrayed
all right let's see here
Dylan 924 says rich got any tips for
Orcs Must Die the game keeps kicking my
ass so much so the end of every day is
like a tums festival
no I'll top my head while my brain space
is not there no no general advice tar
tar is effective what's effective early
I like I don't know where you are or
what specifically is kicking your ass
about it like multiple strategies can
work like he can be when I have the way
on traps or you can turn yourself into a
battle mage you kick a lot of ass like
hands on you have options I guess don't
don't underestimate tar that's like the
first upgrade Terran barricades I'm in
the game just need to invite me I did we
still were still together
oh did it send oh wait I just took a
second
now you're in my party alright alright
alright here we go now we're ready mark
two mad strats going for a Jason kill
making it happen
alright I might I might switch up my
character okay you do you read I'm going
to switch to same perks okay but I'm
gonna switch to what's-his-face it's not
as strong but he's got some repair
skills I say we work on the car and then
if Jason shows up we get some licks in I
will go to switch your characters right
away get your perks in order rich get
all them perks humor ck says I think in
the next three hours we're not going to
get a Jason kill official collection
probably not listen it's very
purposefully incredibly difficult to get
a Jason kill but we have two people
working so you know it's something why
is the ping so bad I know to be fair we
have two computers asking a lot of the
internet and we're streaming everybody
but everybody's really bad they're
probably having server issues surprise
surprise
well here's the thing so Breen is God
says I know it's radical but maybe Jack
shouldn't be the lady one of us needs to
be the lady to get sweater so I wanna I
wanna crippled three
when he weighed two bruisers yeah we
need to bruise my lady has decent
strength to half Jason yeah
probably the best amongst the ladies
yeah so so we need a lady for sure to
get the sweater to initiate the Jason
kill
I'll see if I can get in there oh yeah
dr. Harriet we must not be steamed
friends cuz I I tried to add you to our
group and I wasn't able to find you in
my cell who died Harry Lime huh Harry
Lime yeah
we must not be steamed for his Harry
live experience to know for this game to
pull off the chase and kill is that is
that thing I'm not I'm not listening to
Mel's I don't know The Beggar's choosing
there I don't know I don't know that I
could make that call beggars and
choosers Baghead
oh we're right next to each other I see
you already alright alright good you
lead the way how follow all right Holi
should someone left the game because
they wanted to be Jason and they weren't
Jason so they pouted and it made the
game worse for everyone else what an
asshole here you take the bat actually
okay you take that bad don't think I got
a bad
pocketknives other weapons work towards
fixing the phone you know or the car or
whatever we have guzzoline over here
alright you know what
I'll pick up the guzzoline all right
let's work I'm fixing that boat okay and
then you know what we got on the boat
and it's a nice Pleasant match sure
there's a walkie-talkie over here a lot
of drawers a lot of drawers in this
house I know this house actually nothing
in here walkie talkie over in that empty
or over in this drawer over here right
which one I want to point again
let's head towards the boats get the
cast in the boat all right so he's got
the propeller oh well shit we'll have to
kill them I mean if that's what it takes
what do you want to do here rich they're
walking away
let's just go fuck it blackjack
what like I feel really bad about this
but not bad enough to not leave you've
got to take this opportunity that's
right that nice man put the propeller on
the boat rich I know I know
sorry dude unless we both get killed
because Jason sees us moving on the mat
early he doesn't have stock yet I don't
hear the music for free oh I feel so bad
about welp see what all these other
players are up to so he call Tommy oh
well someone was near the Townies house
but I don't know if they called you I
think we were on the generator nope
someone called Tommy rich oh because I'm
Tommy again alright that's my second
timing tonight
Oh egghead what do you give you you go
for the kill jack you be the hero that
they deserve more than they need or
whatever that Batman shit is sweaters on
the island
yeah get the mask off and then
communicate yeah we gotta get to that I
won the lady player alright alright I'm
out I'm on my way rich we're gonna make
this happen I'm gonna be the hero
I made of heroes should should there be
something like you know only female
counsellors can put on the sweatshirt
right jemelle counselors be able to
dress up like brown boy Jason put on
like swim trunks take the shirt off
shave their head I like it where is she
hey guys he's been way too premature
let's go fuck up Jason of course I'm
premature I'm kind of rally them around
a game plan rich oh yeah make my camera
bigger rich Oh whim
trying to figure out what calculate she
said I think she's that the north east
one yeah yeah she's by the way where we
left with the bowtie no no she's on
she's by the bridge she's on the the
West she's by the end of car if she'd
been a car okay but Jason left her we
could totally shade I could huh I could
totally like wait wait for the music
well no you know what I'm gonna go talk
to her see if she's she if she wants to
gets a sweater
hey you want to go get the sweater try
for a Jason kill no okay
what I was so far away from him that's
kind of bullshit did you see how far
away it was you're behind him bullshit
that was ping that was ping right there
all because and all because this lady
wouldn't help me now let's find another
match unless you want to wait for more
people to be murdered yeah you know what
yeah yeah man
try again shit we crashed alright if we
can I need tweet responses from people
who have some experience in this game if
you know what you're doing in this game
and you want to join up let us know at
me at us
we're having issues
I think it's because the brightness
settings this display missing the
taskbar what's fucked over black looks
nice to me they're not right the colors
aren't right is the is the the thing
okay
so as the doing of the HDMI no I
wouldn't it might be it might be I've
seen fucked up colors from an HDMI cable
not being in quite right I've seen this
it can happen
I don't know if that's it
HDMI is just a digital connection it's
just an honor it's a working or it's not
working situation all right
add me can I come in there I am
wait necro what is that name necro
something necro nits and Papa let's just
go to ends I don't understand steamed
friends it's not something you normally
you say he's not in your friend list
yeah the frenzy and your friends list I
don't know and you you've been invited
I'm sorry I'm sorry we tried
I know
did you accept the invite did you cancel
the invite yeah it says invite sent
returned a game wait
sure invite
no we did that was barely a technical
difficulty come on that doesn't count
so we take a chance in captain molar
here do it do it
if I would just be confused
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
how will they push-to-talk if they're
both playing well mine isn't
push-to-talk and and I'm just having my
mic muted here I have this little mute
switch so my my talk is on but you know
I'm talking through this microphone rich
has pushed to talk and we can
technically both speak through Rich's
button Jack only has 40 hours in this
game he is the weakest link holding you
back rich that's true I know what I'm
doing I might not be good at it all the
time but I know what I'm doing look at
these pings terrible Wow I don't speak
that shit dude well he doesn't when you
want to say you don't like that shit it
has a negative connotation to anything
like yeah like you could just you know
not say anything that would probably be
the right
Oh dr. Harry can you invite dr. Harry to
our party mmm looking nope I don't think
you can you'd have to add him as a
friend probably 1414 Jeff I think I just
got a friend I think I just got a friend
invite from that Nick Oh Nick
well I saw that I got a friend invite
from the Nicarico yeah so you know I
could have and you know we're gonna we
can go from there all right everyone
pull you're gonna pull your fucking
weight oh no oh man I think we're doing
so good on our own jack Oh captain
bowler says I was in game and fight me
again oh my gosh so wait it's too late
we'll get you it will get to next time
captain molar then we got a nice group
of three now we can really kick Jason's
ass but what
holy crap britches level 67 that's right
he is rich really enjoys his game I have
I am shockingly for multiplayer game
based on a horror franchise but I wasn't
that big a fan of right I've got a
shocking number of hours out of this
yeah he knows all the strengths he's got
all the man game let's beat this game
lets me flex my tactics did anyone else
get away
alright I'm by the main house no car
here though
fix it if you can I'll buy the boat main
houses buy the boat okay I got a
baseball bat firecrackers fucking fuse
box killed on the phone I know it got a
walkie-talkie destiny to get killed
fixing the phone
like your hair trying to tell something
he's thinking this sweatshirts on the
island look at the map if there's no
campsite on the island it's on the
island okay if there's a campsite on the
island but it's under the somewhere
south of the cemetery okay I got a
baseball bat that's my that's my
contribution to this mission so far
you got a pocketknife that's good you
know trying to fix the phone if I can
find it probably in this campsite right
I think it's usually America 95% of the
time it's in the same group of houses
where you find the fuse Jason hasn't
been around yet I don't know he hasn't
been around me I don't know what to make
of that it scares me I could sure use a
map at this point I'll be I'll be real
with you I'm just gonna head in a
general direction of I don't even know
where I'm going I don't even know where
I'm going rich
don't make sure the phone doesn't seem
like it spawned under hi interesting
barn mixer it's Baghead Jason easy just
like laying traps every fucking where
yeah I got nothing over here in the and
the barn you can do it you can do it
it's the last one it's fine it's fine
is this the police near the cars the
bridge across the bridge near the car I
don't have a map it's like I can't tell
if if there's a campsite on the island
shit he's miracies notice is neither car
killing Jason it's not that simple for
the person saying they thought there
would be more killing Jason that's kind
of the whole point of killing Jason is
it's really really difficult Jason
killed me in two acts wings 2x which
Jason is he number normal Jason yeah 3 3
classic Jason so much time you look old
is there a Tommy on scene you tell me
you're the one in game hopefully your
tummy number still in business 3 Tommy's
in a row
good we're still in business we I don't
think we have a girl Harry Lime no Harry
Lime thundergirl al oh wait CB joke is
completely random all right
all right nope we've already been in
these dog
Belair gas tank for the motörboat I
didn't look for gas okay
sweater is on the island were you at
I've just spawned near your evergreen
you can that's that North East East I'm
gonna meet up with it okay I'm in the
fight with a boat usually a selfie okay
I see I'm heading your direction is that
you yeah yep okay all right so what's
the plan we got to find it we got to
find that female if we're gonna if we're
gonna defeat Jason we got to find that
female counselor who's that up here huh
who's up here I don't know what's gonna
save us that was our opening to
adventure let's go and find out okay all
right good question let's see here this
girl this is girl nope no if it's not
girl
Chad do we care about Chad do want him
to join our adventure
girl alright next off we go into the
wild blue yonder off we go into the sea
oh shit mama here I drop a bad son of a
bitch
opieop he's following us now he is now
following us where's that 2x4 that
usually spawns in here to the Higgins
houses okay
who's in here
good girl is it it is it is the girl you
know I talked to her now Jason's right
there
shit dude comes here comes here comes
what up bastard turned his music off hey
I'm in this little room back here and I
see him where I am
he's coming up to the door now I'm gonna
shoot in the face and I run away it's my
plan
oh crap
something I could save that kid but I
didn't I couldn't we need to start doing
damage on okay or we just need to leave
with the cops and call him well I just
hit him in the face from the fucking
shotgun get a weapon
let's go north okay hold them off for
two seconds
alright alright I'm here I don't think
we're gonna be able to convince her to
stay and get the sweater okay I think we
just need to work on getting out other
than surviving I have a frying pan
so you know yes I think it's a good for
stunning oh yeah yeah
all right we're going on just getting
out
we can do this
let's see if he's waiting right by the
exit
probably not weird
Ozzy that's weird right yeah why you
want to ask the girl whoa what am i
wearing I'm wearing a I had a headphone
microphone
maybe dr. Harry Lime should be our
designated female okay well hold on I'm
gonna I'm gonna and then we should just
be the the bruisers females probably the
easiest one to do if you don't have
experience right you just have to hit
live with the sweater well but like
getting in and out with the sweater is a
whole other thing as a group I think the
first step is to get the mask off yeah
and gather a tommy okay okay here's
here's the thing with the mask okay
here's here's why getting in and out of
the hut isn't necessarily that big a
deal
okay you have the mask you can get in
and out of the hut quietly of the shack
with the mask off no with what you once
you get the mask off of Jaison it lands
on the ground it's an item you can pick
up Oh female has the ID can pick up the
mask they can walk into Jason Shack
Jason doesn't get an alert for that it
lets you sneak into the shack
okay I think I had to leave my party you
need to leave too I am it forced me to
leave my party
if jason has a trap set outside of his
Shack he still gets an alert if you step
in the trap
yes but just be careful about there
being a trap if you see a trap
you can disarm the trap or once you have
us mask off and you have a Tommy Jarvis
with you everybody just goes to the
fucking shack together as a group and
you just use fucking blunt force
somebody else walks into the trap while
the female runs in and then you're all
right there to do the business by the
shop or if you're quick and daring you a
female knows so I'm playing is like a
Tiffany who's like quick got a lot of
stamina knows where the Shack is just
goes there first gets it and it's lucky
enough to catch him when he's
preoccupied then just has this motor did
you accept the friend invites
all right we've escaped a couple of
times that's not bad
no no it's not bad that that let us warm
up okay we got alright we need we got
captain molar we got dr. Harry Lime
alright so they're on a party right now
who's yeah who do we trust to do what
what's what's captain molars level on
this down
I think captain molar might be our most
you see him down there right yeah what I
am but you can see it right you can see
right is in his name I had joined I
swear to God I could join get your shit
together rich join our party
like there we go now we're ready to go
and okay so we need designated roles
okay so I so camping you on Campton
molar to be the lady I it is matter I
don't really care
somebody who's comfortable doing them we
should have two ladies yes to lady to
backup and to bruisers okay so uh
captain molar and me will be the ladies
okay you and dr. Harry Lime will be the
bruisers okay Harry Lime get you a
badass bruiser character the strongest
character you can captain molar
lady fire it up man
oh and we have nickers nickers love love
levels escape artist friendship perks
I don't know I've been selling those cuz
I usually don't expect to be working in
a group sure
necro nikkor tepid lopoliths you gotta
be you gotta be bruiser as well we need
we got 3 bruisers to ladies do you see
who they were ass huh where do you see
who their ass what do you mean no I just
joined the party so oh oh we got we had
5 we have 5 of us in a party all right
and make sure that you are all set to be
counselors cuz if one of you turns out
to be Jason we don't want to cheat we
don't want to cheat Jason kill we want a
legitimate Jason kill set your
preference to counselor
hello the odds are one of us is gonna
spawn is Jason and I say we just go on
as planned okay the person is Jason then
is just we're fighting them alright
alright does everyone have their plan
everyone half of the plan someone have
their perks yes yeah we're here a little
bit quiet
okay now necro you got to be a bruiser
we need a fighter you look at you here
you look at your counselors and then
take a look at their stats like you go
into the counselor menu and they all
have stats here stealth stamina strength
strength is good for getting the mask
off they might not be able to hear you
because you have push-to-talk on when
you say this look into a stream I assume
oh sure
you're right alright I'll switch to
buzzy again nope this is the highest
strength
Bugsy Bugsy not buzzy Bugsy
alright alright here we go alright we
got this guy's we can do this I believe
in all of us oh and we've lost someone
already know don't worry about don't
worry about
nekron atop a list left the party
already they didn't believe in us that
we still have four of us I think we
still got this
a friend it's just gonna now take us
like because we have a party for it's
gonna take us a long time to get like a
server there are an extremely large
number of girls who play this game it is
not at all uncommon I hear a girl over
the radio in game oh yeah I wouldn't say
an extreme like like the actual in real
life not not playing as I mean some of
the chats saying oh my god that was a
girl I think is so ridiculously common I
was gonna say like it's not like there's
you know
yeah there's boys and girls that play
are you joining a match checking
sessions for room oh my god a minute 32
selcas was practice for there's more bus
yeah they got a they got to find out
server for four of us don't have to
reinvigorate grandma no I can't I'm Jo
we're joining a server nekron Eklund as
soon as you know I don't want to start
over because we're already two minutes
into right right the searching process
yep what's how hey everybody time
another stream where we got a tips dude
what do we got Guinea got one says hey
Jack and rich I long time our lemon
prereqs fan love the Friday the 13th
streams yeah isn't it to just oh I think
you read this one just started watch the
movies thanks to you guys oh sure part 3
was hilarious what is your favorite
Friday the 13th movie I remember that
question of all of them for different
reasons I got the Orcs Must I won Negus
oh we're we're nearly caught up you know
people know that we're engrossed in the
game so it's hard for us to read
Thomas's Jack yes Jack have you ever
listened with a rapper
x-x-x tenta temptation temptation I
don't know if you haven't don't bother
he's so bad every time I listen to him
is like a tums
festival there you go
I have not heard of the rapper xxx
temptation or whatever you know what
I've been listening to a lot and if you
guys haven't heard it yet is the chance
the rapper coloring book
mixtape you know I've heard songs like
the songs are played everywhere but I've
never actually just sat down and
listened to the mixtape and it is so
amazing the the the sonic quality it's
it's like it's hip-hop unlike anything
I've heard before and it's beautiful
it's pretty it's pretty hiphop chance
the rapper and you know it's it's a
mixtape that you can listen to for free
it's it's just about everywhere else on
cloud and YouTube and it's hard for us
to hear you say that again
say that again dr. Harry Lime yeah once
we are once we all you know find out
where we are we'll we'll start kind of
heading do we want to like pick a
meeting direction um there's a map
around it's hard to you know right
Higgins house is like the big like the
garage and Higgins house those are big
landmarks though the Crystal Lake map
doesn't have that we can hit somewhere
towards the center of the map or we
could have if we find walkie-talkies we
could just communication say yeah so
private or you know find walkie-talkie
had generally towards the center of the
map but but really ours you know we're
lone scavenging time the big lodges the
Higgins house is the big house sure and
packing AK has the big house there the
big lodge okay so we made it to lodge a
lot of ladies and Jack do you have room
and your friends list other people were
asking if they could join they just do
din um I don't know we'll see
okay well we'll find out shortly we'll
find out later it's possible we could
just do it on entirely private private
with everyone yeah
who wants to join
turbo Jesus 5000 wants to help ya never
where were you guys 15 minutes ago when
we said we were looking for people so
just put that out there
go back to rich being Jason lol
what that's in the stream gotcha gotcha
coulda told me I wasn't I wasn't ready
to uh oh my god I was waiting for babe
Oh
jerk you were that jerk I was the jerk
yeah
okay here we go we're ready oh it looks
decent pings under under a hundred pings
that's something I'm gonna count that as
a win except for dr. Harry who sounded
either British or Irish or he sounded
like he was from across the pond as they
say Australian Australian pain that's
what it is Australian home your Mike
sounds great Harlock hold on talk I'm
talking oh my god does it really sound
great are you messing with me dude no it
sounds fucking amazing what have we it's
a like a $10 target headphone microphone
it
I think he might be messing it that's
what I feel like he's messing with me
he's saying that your your robe one
headset might not have the best mic
that's what I'm saying that it might not
have the best mic and by the way like
it's so weird for someone just to say
like your microphone sounds so good
don't you think like that's a weird
coming yeah it's probably a like oh I
have a yes man we can hear me in yours
and it didn't sound terrible I don't
know I'm not super worried about it
right now
no I'm not I'm also not worried about it
turn off my targeting computer I get in
don't have your targeting computer it
was the fuzz you know your feelings your
feelings feelings
using them a baseball bat better
Luke I'm on drugs you know drugged up
Luke
always blocking them doors dude have you
seen my drugs Lu all right here we go
he had no way from that house what did
dr. Harry Lime just run away that's fine
that's fine
I'm in danger where you at I hear you
captain Muller I'm by the four-seater
north to attempt to meet up with you
family I'm being I'm being followed you
have a Jason fine are you with any of
our bruisers or groupers no I'm with no
one
I did find a pocketknife I said we're
gonna actually we said we're gonna meet
at the lodge right I'm gonna change
plans I'm gonna head of the lodge okay
I'm not gonna be I'm not gonna be a jerk
who makes plan and then does something
different in fact I want to know why
you're over by the four-seater that's
why I started and I'm looking for I'm
scrounging for supplies as I said we
should all do he seems to be on me okay
but I have a pocketknife and a med spray
now so I'm comfortable with my supplies
I found a battery but I don't give a
shit yeah I found the gas
should the Juke look fantastic I just
hit him with my bat well he was being a
funny Jason I hit him with my fucking
bat if I can't die on the way there
if I do it's Tommy time maybe maybe
let's say oh that's the other thing like
we need to find the time it's our oh no
someone radiates claim oh sorry I can't
get there in time I couldn't get there
in time I'm sorry you can always be
Tommy
oh well shit I passed I passed the place
with the map now he's coming for me he's
definitely coming for me alright captain
Muller is definitely not playing us
bruiser our Harry Lime is Bugsy that's
good
he's chasing me now oh oh yeah shit he's
definitely chasing me now get in get in
get in
what
okay okay okay how fans getting a games
we've we've invited a few yeah and
they're also like you can look on Steam
see if somebody's playing and I just
joined their game I honestly don't know
Harry Lime found us in the first place I
would assume I don't know rich oh
speaking of where we add indeed breena's
god says thank you for doing something
new
I love the Friday the 13th streams kill
Jason it's not going so well but we're
fine crime
captain swc says hey fellas just wanted
to say thanks for introducing a whole
number of games to be currently just
picked up XCOM 2 on sale and I'm loving
the hell out of it good I'm glad you
enjoy the X comes as I most certainly do
all right can this yes
all right I need a position what I mean
I need a position that I can go to
whereby that whereby the main house oh
I'm rebate oh shit oh no that's all
right I'm sorry
pick up the bat pick up the bat look at
that shit oh that bat the bat was on the
rock so I couldn't pick it up yeah yeah
that bat does not pick up a ball yeah
bad shit why can't I pick up why can't I
pick up the machete son of a bitch you
could pick up that machete yes I
couldn't I could not pick up and I can't
pick up the thing oh I can't pick up
anything here Pig try to pick up the
machete there it's on the floor that's
not gonna be very good for stunning
though look I can't pick up anything
right now
I currently cannot pick up anything the
game is glitched everything is broken
yeah
I can't pick up anything
just follow me jack follow me oh sorry
hold on
well I don't know where you are oh I
can't pick up a map where'd you go
where'd you go
I'm though house not far from the I see
where you went
I I'm unable to pick up anything so I
assumed I'm unable to pick up the
sweater that's you know that's a fair
how did that miss that's kind of shit
oh also the you know the other button
that didn't work the button that was
supposed to drop my firecrackers didn't
work
horseshit Oh wild swing is that why
you're trying to stop you possibly they
recognize me no Jason killed them so oh
no that was Captain Moore and Red's just
working on the car
Red's just working on the car rich who's
red a female yeah I'm not doctor hurry
lime salon
no okay so we're all dead yep yep we're
all dead I would personally like to
blame this on the fact that that I was
unable to pick up anything or do
anything of substance I think that was
the main problem my main problem
oh the other lady got the battery in the
car we having a four-seater by the way
where are they now
walking on well I think she's about to
find the other her own gas can now
there's a gas can in there there's gas
can in there there it is there it is you
see it Oh as she found her own gas can
you can drop that
I'll take that
she's putting gas in the car yeah I know
jack was unable to do anything obstinacy
s yes I was because I was my controller
was broken I know I'm Oh
I'm typically not a blame you know sucka
poor craftsman blames his tools kind of
guy but he was broken it was clearly
broken
she's just looking for those keys I've
got them oh I know I know I can see both
y'all I can see both y'all I know it's
okay breena's got if it's just snark
it's it was just upsetting cuz and you
know rich and I touch on this a lot I'm
in the middle of editing our official
review of this my touch on it a lot and
it's just it's really a shame because we
do like the game so much but it has so
many bugs
just so many bugs do we have a park perk
to start with a baseball bat available I
don't think I have that I do have that
last I checked it was broken though
gonna leave a finer every game yeah
there's just one left might as well see
it through see if Jason can find her
they don't know I died that the keys by
the car yeah you could have told them
you'd the walkie-talkie I mean you know
that's on you I don't have press to talk
Oh being chased
yeah I can't find press to talk to
anything else yeah weird yeah weird
weird that would've been great like I
don't I don't use like like press down
I'm like left right stick my stuff or
anything I could have boned the bad I
hit that down that I could talk oh
you're gonna say run rich never that I'm
the right stick
what you doing on web stay on the left
stick used to run on the right stick is
combat oh yeah that's right Tom ever
mine ever mine
do you ever use combat stance why did
you use the whole d-pad no you only is
down I could have on something to talk
yeah but nope but nope
nice dive nice dive
listen I'm not disagreeing with you rich
it's all a big load of horse shit mad
trap strats this late in the game
crazy woman oh you crazy woman
one that's real useful
maybe you get a snagged himself she's
got all the shit so for the keys where
did you die is she coming up on it nope
look my bottom my body of hers flu
didn't really yeah interesting so funny
love the two screens God good yeah yeah
we wanted we got two computers running
so we might as well shelled both of them
hopefully it's not too you know we spent
a lot of time configuring alright we're
going again we're doing it again what
else we gonna do jack huh what else are
we gonna do give up and cry ah so we ate
just get just cried ain't is not having
fun no it's gonna be fine it's gonna be
fine
turbo Jesus five thousand is spectating
I don't know what that means what you're
just doing all chat game yeah yeah
yep
turbo Jesus is in here
nice nice down to we're do with them
we're at we're rockin rich sir what
Jesus I couldn't find you
shit turbo Jesus look at that ping you
playing this from the goddamn moon are
you an astronaut we have lots of fans in
Europe that's true in Australia yeah
apparently Harry Lime is in Australia
Austria lotsa nobody in China though
because of one comment I made once it's
true
all right here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go now okay I I
can i I just barricaded the door so I
assume I can pick stuff up this time I
can baseball bat nice alright have a
fucking map you found what did you find
it all the shit vladie fucking guy I
found all the good shit already
that's the medio of this shit
hoo pocketknife that's the shit that's
the shit that's a good cheer right there
oh yeah baseball bat nice sweater is
West sweater is West I'm I'm way up on
the North Hey
but I have a friend you have a friend
I'm good all right I don't know if fans
are still watching the stream where we
still meeting up at the lodge oh shit
there's there's the phone you know I
think in general the idea is to you know
scrounge the best you can and and yeah
meet at the lodge maybe where are you at
I'm still north I'm making my way down
you buy the car yeah I'm sorry you okay
well I found a walkie-talkie that I had
I'm already breathing scared I don't
know I think isn't your guy easily
scared that was half decent not terrible
all right captain Moe Larry's here
okay you guys captain Muller I come
bearing a bat
that or not bad let's look at the back
she's guys got decent strength and I
summers on the trail you still buy the
car yeah I'm making my way I'm making my
way downtown I'll just buy the car I was
gonna meet him there to the north the
car in the cul-de-sac how do I got with
me here hi nice pantsuit cool hey
everybody what's the plan um work on the
car he'll come by eventually we start
whittling down his health all right
let's go kick Jason's ass
I don't have a mat Oh someone someone's
ready to time together so that's good
these houses areas he's near
all right Jason bring your ass over here
why would you fucking die
and now defenseless yeah we're trying to
hurt him enough to get his mask off then
you can kill him did you say that when
he's an earshot what do you mean what
there's that mesh I'd love to have that
wrench
he's like thrown he's busy throwing
knives at us
can't help until I get a weapon there we
go
all of us just beat him up it's the
great new a new weapon
I broke my bad on them I saw some help
would be nice then weapon weapon weapon
weapon weapon wrench
oh you guys mask off we got his mask oh
I got it
we need Tommy before we need Tommy
rotten okay what's the plan rich I need
tonight huh
I need to die okay he's not stupid he is
heading towards the hut but I think we
all are huh okay where's the hut where's
the hut that Peninsula on the far west
far west okay I got a map now you have
the mask huh yeah the mask no someone
died did they come back stomach
no no one's come back this time you keep
chart until I died yeah do that you tell
me I'm gonna tell spring who has the
mass oh my I'm far away whoever has the
memo captain Muller did I think fish
doing the smart thing wait do we have a
Tommy they die once they have the they
grab the sweater and die before Tommy
shows up yeah it's a lost cause
okay
captain molars heading there you're
dying oh I have an axe you need that
yeah let's do it did we call Tommy yeah
yeah Radio yeah that is Dez read it out
radio for Tommy is use the radio call
time jars yes he's not on site yet it's
the first or second I don't know that
it's necessarily the second person dies
automatically becomes Tommy it can be
the first we're starting to lose people
nobody spottings Tommy why is nobody
spawning as Tommy I don't know
where are you Tommy the Tommy we need
you Tommy's not on scene this is how you
do it though
this is the proper strats okay team team
I see you so they are slowly making
their way over yeah don't go with them
no no I'm you'll make noise yeah I'm
just I'm over here open Jason sees me
over here are you sure we called Tommy
look radio for Tommy Jarvis it is very
strange that you no one has responded as
Tommy yet yes why is nobody spawning as
Tommy
there's no reason you shouldn't spoil
yet
oh my god they're going for it we need
that time I'm gonna go double back and
look for the radio tower just to make
sure obviously if we can double I can
double back to wherever we came from
try to make some noise
and to me
okay we're hoes that that maybe the
glitches that nobody called yeah that's
why I'm doubling back shit it should be
really easy to stun at this point yeah
the more damage you do after his mask is
off I have heard the longer his stun
duration is
where the fuck is this Tommy house we're
getting screwed huh we're gonna we're
gonna get screwed aren't we
rich read shed weight chad is pretty
sure that what the power out Tommy can't
spawn find the radio house and get power
around by the radio that's your mission
shit radio that out know what nobody
else can hear radio that out okay all
right guys we need to find the radio
house and make sure that the power is on
to it or else Tommy might not be able to
spawn does anyone know where the radio
house is
damnit they have the sweater
see I mean I'm just gonna keep looking
and hope I get lucky here cuz yeah so
everybody just try to find that radio
house and fix any power that's buying
this box is on
well we know you're safe for a bit all
right where I was it's probably in that
south end then
do we rich check everyone see let's see
if we have the sweater we do we do we do
central bitch can we do this in time we
only have five and a half minutes nope
I found it I found the radio tower make
it find power huh I said one thing no
time no time okay
regenerate regenerate I can't have the
power
the lights on
no lights are not on okay all right so
one of these houses has a power
generator on it all right all right we
can do this we can do this we can do
this you can't do this
try north yeah yeah I'm just at this
point I'm just kind of regenerating
standing on a nope
I'll run over there okay all right we
can do this guys we can do this
okay where the fuck is Tommy
I'm working on getting power to the
radio tower the theory is that if the
power is out Tommy can't respawn even if
you called him and I'm here at the box
and I'm about to fix it even though I
have a really bad repair stat so I'm
gonna regen a little
bastard okay it's repaired all right the
power is repaired we might get a tommy
soon it's it's not that no one called
Tommy it was a glitch it was Rex town it
was checked off but no one called Tommy
I'm calling Tommy now captain molar you
just stay alive that's your only job oh
my god this is so fucking tense time
he's called
Tommy is called
captain molar I'm coming to you
it's turbo Jesus turbo Jesus they're
spawning in there watching the cutscene
two minutes two minutes remain
okay we got this come on turbo Jesus
you've got a mic on and just leave it on
I got it on maybe you can hear me
they're two minutes you're gonna need to
sprint I'm sprinting talking to talking
to turbo Jesus shit Rosie
turbo Jesus find me he's still here
fine fine find a person with a
sweatshirt not you we're turbo Jesus
work together come to the two dots that
are together
drop your X pick up the X okay I have
the X to use the X you take the X Tommy
take the X yeah okay captain molar come
back someone rich what do we have to do
captain will arrest some of the sweater
then somebody has to knock Jason unto
his knees with one of the axes that's
all you got there's no time for anything
else
you know what the axe you know what the
axe once hit him with the axe no no no
it would be X okay now do the props
smart-me quarters knees he should go on
to his knees ah it might have messed up
oh so close everyone so close all right
so why didn't chase him get knocked onto
his knees you think it has to be the
machete maybe it has to be a baseball
bat fuck yeah listen we came really
close that time
okay now settle down No
oh here it is Oh on
it's a turtle beach turtle beach
microphone a turtle beach what
microphone it's the turbo beach
Star Wars x-wing pilot a combination
headset microphone I got it for about
ten dollars at Target it's pretty good I
am pretty sure you're effing with me at
this point
knock down with blunt-force see I
thought the axe counted as a blunt
weapon it was a guy I thought the axe
was special it was blunt and edged I
don't know okay so there's so there
they're saying there was no time to run
a find a blunt weapon that was like the
best you so they're saying you have to
knock Jason on his knees with a blunt
weapon then hit him with an axe or
machete and that was only like a
preferred blunt for the first knockdown
because it needed to be a stuntman yeah
a baseball better rent I mean they
didn't have like they had ten seconds
sorry right but like the important part
is to get him on his yes and then after
he's on his knees hit him with an axe or
machete knocked off player controlling
time he must pick the mask up
no Tommy doesn't need to pick up Jason
I've heard that's been debunked there's
a lot of different go around there's a
lot of different shit comin the mast let
them get to the shack without being
detected
right so the important part is we got to
get him on his knees first which we can
only do after he's stunned with the
sweater so so sweater knees axe machete

[Part II]
oh hey I'm right behind you
oh oh oh sorry sir I didn't know you
were gonna be right there a fuse I don't
I'll pick it all because why not oh
excuse me oh excuse me no no it's fine
that's fine
okay machete gasps can guess camera you
know what I'll carry with me until I
find an actual weapon
oh you know what I'll drop this for the
car backup strats nice mad Batman backup
strats mad backup strats that's the
important part we need almost rats who's
this
I really need a welcome captain molars
Jason by the way okay
oh here's a bat yeah what did you have a
machete add a machete
so here I'll give you the batter no
because I do a lot of damage
okay the machetes in here that I'm not
gonna stun shit with this but I some
pretty round here maybe these in there
yeah you back me up I'll hit him with a
machete machetes in here oh and there's
me oh there's a range axe - it's not
fine alright let's find let's find it
where else alright great where I don't
have met looks like they're on the other
side of the cove usually from across or
the long way if we go the long way we
can see if the thing is but we want to
stop by the phone for a shits and
giggles I've got the fuse if we see it
you know is it yeah
I got your back
here already I had your back I I got
there's there's three trips huh it's not
gonna work I hit him
i stunned him there's three traps there
so by the way that means captain molars
playing this for keeps
right which is good that's what we want
if you're Jason you can't let us have
the victory or else it's a hollow
victory but he also knows that we're
going for the Jason Kelly backup strats
it's right behind me bottle beer let him
be
drop it
do I take the bat or do I keep the
machette now we'll stick with black yeah
I'm gonna go back for the bat then I
hold on I'm coming I'm right then I'm
right there I dropped the battery next
to the car so that car the two-seater
has a battery and gas right next to it
you know I'm gonna start fixing the car
just to get his attention
sure you owe me to smack them uh well
yeah we'll do we'll do the same fucking
shit we did last where's dub wait wait
wait you have a map
no hey let's go let's let's go to the
car let's go buy the car yes they're
fixing it which is gonna start fixing it
I'll fuck up the repair
I think I put that on right he knows he
knows we're trying to get him out all
right if we fuck this up
I just dropped keys by the two-seater so
someone could leave if we fuck this up
do we do we want to head up to see if if
his cabin is by the chair by the
cemetery
does anybody have a map do we know if
his cabin if his cabins by the cemetery
or on the other side all right
okay I don't know if we want to go in
yet but as long as we know where it is
do we need to call Tommy according to
the map Tommy has been called who is
anyone called Tommy
Jack I need your backup Jack Jack Jack
Jack I'm here you ready for this stunt
in case I fuck this up
like that
I'm gonna keep whacking out huh
we keep blacking out above who grabs me
baseball bat him I see that does anybody
ever anybody had he'll spring oh yeah
nice
yeah watch this trap what's the trap
got away though he comes out of his
little trance shit we go where'd he go
this hope of a cemetery or heading
towards the cemetery where's it at I'm
half blind with fear I can't see shit
where Jason's by the car
no where's that help so we dropped I
don't see any up hold down on the d-pad
if you're at full health you can just
spray me with it actually the X button
they're probably using the keyboard oh
then I actually don't know there's one
that spawns by the cemetery I'm just
gonna head up there figured a self it
should have a little key prop key prompt
underneath it then it's one on the
keyboard I go oh you're coming Jessie
cool
watch your back jack
yep got no weapon see that basically
dead
shit so much fucking here
oh wait there's that
I said when I was dying know we're
together are you getting that help you
get that ax are you were you at you know
what again it says we already called
Tommy but I don't think we did right
well then let's let's make our way and
see if we can find him he spawns after
two people has died
we've only had two people died okay oh
here is who's Jason
to make
fucking mask it's just not gonna come
off
and where my out where a man oh fuck I
got a lot of ground to cover any good
shit
that
dead do we have a blunt weapon yeah
there's a bat in the cemetery
I left the bat in the cemetery we're the
only ones no no there's four three girls
and Tommy just that Tommy likes it all
right all right you're in charge of
spectating on your camera yeah yeah
the mask is still not off yet though I
know so Red Dead is looking through
houses I don't think reddit is down with
our plan
spectral is just running from Jason at
this point and heading towards the main
house oh oh I see I see I see what's
going on
oh come on Spectre I'll hit him shit
nope
and Spectrals dead claws from our group
is around no one from our group red is
still around and read it is by the
four-seater wherever that is
and Jason setting right throat yeah I
can see that
water your crazy person we've got the
mad plan B strats oh that's true
Plan B strats rented might be near you
rented could be near you rich yes read
it is near you I think the reddit is
using your plan new strats there there I
read no no you just walking over no
reddit head read and picked up the keys
ready to picked up the keys and ran away
with them right of course
now tell me Fran I talked to her the
keys they know what's going on the way
back
sorry buddy this is incredibly dark for
you
oh man oh man oh man go go go go go go
go they might not know where to go go
better what
unless they're unless they're a good
off-roader nope nope I don't think they
know oh thank god they're gonna tell you
around oh no what
alright they know the they know the
other way around okay never mind you
seem to know what you're doing
ish it should go around the rocks sure
oh and you don't have a weapon you have
a pocket knife nope maybe nope oh the
head punch the classic head punch fuck
yeah - fuck that's alright though no
one's for fucked
that's all right let's see here a
crocodile brain says hey guys oh I
should well I guess which is out so you
don't really need me I'm rich let's see
here add me on Steam I can attempt to
kill you as the worst Jason ever since I
just bought the game and therefore a
level one my you know crocodile brain
we'll look into that
rich is gonna riches attempting to
escape here what
I find him on my camp cameras here
fine I'll fucking this up oh no are you
stuck oh there is
let's see here the butt tester says hey
guys I would love to help you out with
my mission but Jack declined my friend
request on Steam I assume it's because
of my name
not really the butt tester rich might be
able to vouch for me i play with him on
Monday you know what happens a lot of
times is we get overrun with friend
requests and so rich is the world's best
backwards driver he is always the best
backwards driver it's that's not that
wasn't like just fuck up going back to
the woods
you go slower if you're trying to get
through tight areas it's not the worst
thing to do excellent job excellent job
gg gg good job captain bowler that was a
fair wind fair wind mask was on there
with fucking superglue so any because
what happens is a lot of times like we
just get so many friend requests on
steams like I don't have any room left
so a lot of times I'll like either
delete requests or delete old friends
who haven't been on Steam in a long time
yeah just to make room for new ones so
it's nothing personal
let's see here dr. Harry Lime says that
was the most fun I had SJC
great when no one is trying to escape
you internet bullies I'm so sorry dr.
Harry and Voodoo I need to be ready
voodoo mama
gonzo says I'm pretty much obsessed with
watching these damn Friday the 13th
streams you guys are doing thanks for
the hours of entertainment if I had a PC
instead of a ps4 I'd be helping you guys
out tonight you know I would love some
crossplane I know that's not necessarily
up to the developers like Sony and other
people would have to agree to it but
some more mixture would be great
just
more some more bodies to play with I
need to check out something part AIDS
Plus no nothing but plus health I don't
know why that wasn't working we just
weren't hitting him we weren't hitting
him hard enough
last time we I think we have like all
seven of us I gave him like eight whacks
with a machete I don't know I don't know
someone is asking if my outfit came
directly from nantucket you know what
it's summertime and the living is easy
and you know I like my my light knit
buttoned up shirts and shorts it's it's
very warm outside so you know what are
you gonna do what are you gonna do
that's Farscape you got hey first of all
you got out right you had the mad plan B
strats yeah car repairs yeah I never got
fucked up someone I don't think of maybe
you could retreat to the car exactly
exactly now that was good that was a
good one
they didn't get it because they thought
it seemed lame what no way talking about
uh-huh
oh the Zelda DLC yeah yeah that's a
trial dungeon and you know what and I
don't think it's lame it just doesn't
interest me at all like I said I I
became very interested when I heard that
if you could defeat the trial dungeon
and get like a better sword maybe a
master sword that didn't lose its magic
I would buy that DLC for a master sword
that didn't wouldn't lose its magic I
would do that in a hardened that what it
is no it's something different it's just
always super powerful something like but
it stole but it still only works against
like the Ganon visit and so it's like
that plan be totally caught me by
surprise quality strats says captain
Miller aka Jason from last stream that's
great no and by the way Captain Muller
like we appreciate that you took your
Jason responsibilities seriously like
you know we're not looking for the easy
kill yeah yeah we you gotta play Jason
for reals that's the rules
specula fan or just somebody's been
hanging with us I think you just saw
these hangers do you fight you know what
he found a group of people who want to
play alright alright alright I'm just
actually scanning for Tommy door in my
vicinity oh yeah yeah you got some
scrounging supplies and Tommy tower
those are those are our number one
priorities oh shit I got the phone
already it's up to you what you want to
do about that under your repair stats
lousy ever sent his lousy button them
here I don't have a map so I don't know
where I am oh I found the boat propeller
by that house don't had this one have
anything good for stunning
whose registers reddit about someone
officially in our group but knows that
we're going for a Jason kill in general
do they they weren't with us most of
that last match I suppose not I suppose
none I mean I guess I just assumed we
would figure that out oh my god I found
I found a house with two wrenches in it
so you know you need a wrench go to the
east most house and you got yourself the
makings the makings with all the bacons
I see your phone I see you where you at
East Far Far East oh wow
checking out stuff the the phone fuses
over here more wrenches phone fuses over
here or the fuse box and a 1 million
wrenches about 20 walkie-talkies if you
want that well I could use a laugh
attack
turbo Jesus being murdered yep it looks
like turbo Jesus just got murdered five
no sorry turbo Jesus that happens what
just happens sometimes
soren of a Borch all right yeah group of
people down here I'm heading that way do
it
shit I found the fuse yo we don't repair
this shit
I'm gonna head towards you I'm gonna
head east to meet up with Harlock
they're fixing the phone phones fixed
where's that damn phone now oh okay
here's our plan B Plan B his phone yep
I've got keys
mr. carpet hey let's see if we can beat
up a Jason oh I see him
there you go if we find gas or a battery
we could fuck up fixing the car a couple
of times Laura Minh
I just saw him over here his red dot was
over here hey Harlan why don't you head
north
check check see if you find out where
the shack spawned give them that it's
either gonna be that one where it's
either all the way north and that
Peninsula or down by the road oh we got
check we got to find oh yeah we got to
find the Tommy radio where's it at
spring water and probably show me to
sneak in there no no not yet
okay I just wanted to confirm yeah it is
it is right there
Jevon blunt yep
wait get out the way who hit him with
the machete cuz we'll do more damage and
if he grabs us use your wrench to stun
him before he can kill us
shitty girl for me
Thanks
you're gonna find a radio tower hasn't
been used your I know where that is I
know where that you're you need help
before you don't grab that until you
have yeah you get yourself he'll try I
won't I'm just making sure I'm going I'm
going
I got to find the Tommy Jarvis tower
yeah shit knows what you're up to
yeah the mass grant yeah I have a mess
no where you died nobody use the damn
radio
I found Tommy's radio hello Jason
Mabry call me please I don't know where
I am because of because of my fear all
right just just stay alive just stay
alive Jim I'm gonna head like back
towards where the car was there's that
gazebo there's that gazebo thing that's
where I that's where I'm near when it
now is fucking baseball bat okay well I
have a renter yeah I have a wrench you
smell bad like a fucking certainty all
right I'm dead and by the gazebo
by the car that Kashiwa but a
four-seater yeah where we all were
Harlech died by the gazebo
he had the mask
the Shack is north allah the mask means
you can get into Jason's Shack without
being noticed you're dead
yeah oh oh you oh yeah I forgot you your
mic is hooked up to my computer
yeah Oh Tommy's here Tommy's here who's
Tommy
turbo Jesus is Tommy you got a Tommy
worth their salt but he's killing one of
the girls we only have two girls up okay
captain molar we have Captain molar and
we have P gackt or 40
we have a Tommy we have a female yeah we
have two females
captain molar and Ferg at door 30
SEPA gak door over there I would just
captain to Moeller know where it is I
think he's I think captain molars slowly
making his way I need to buy them time
to the shack absolutely no no not Tommy
not Tommy
it's over Tommy's dead it's over oh not
Tommy oh there's the gazebo it doesn't
matter I know I know I don't think I
don't think Captain Muller doesn't know
that time he's dead yet because Captain
Muller does not have a walkie-talkie you
see
there's rich there's big actor who also
does not have a walkie-talkie oh yeah oh
we did call the police
so theoretically you can get out the
spectro got out if anybody wasn't in
range earlier doesn't have a walk or has
walkie talkie now didn't earlier it's
over Tommy is dead Tommy died so did our
plans of killing Jason
apparently Spectrals friend is Jason
that's what he's telling me so so he's
happy that he didn't die
gasps and the battery okay captain
molars look working on Plan B strats
that's you for grass door
PG ACK door
and that stuff up
guys the cops have been called
they're working on fixing the car still
but the cops have been called man-jack
you remember when you went out with cops
you went out with a car when the cops
were called oh sure there's much fun it
was fun I'm just saying like you you
know you want to survive you can I hope
to head north show you all see what's
happening in Rich's cam
yeah see these two guys these two are
gone stuck on these two front of car fix
ah right behind wrench car listen I get
that cars are more fun
I at this point in the game though I
want to win you know oh shit it was
right behind me
that's a good kid cop says the keys my
club says the keys around Jason
oh my guess what because of because of a
glitch I was watching your character
because of a little graphical glitch I
get to follow around Jason do we come as
being in a private match now this is
everyone wait is everyone in our group
this person Jason is not in our group
look at this my camera just attached
I've heard you can follow Jason in
private matches I've heard that I've
never been in a private match how
interesting
I believe that Jason Jason is red dude
he's not in our group what a weird
little graphical glitch and like look
you can tell it's not right because it's
like cutting off his head and stuff look
at that face that mug hope you found
someone
I can never you know the only problem is
I can never switch off of Jason now
because ya know because once I switch
off I won't be able to go rage mode
activated it's weird yeah it happens
sometimes Jason one bitties zero yeah I
mean that's how it works it's like like
three now damn fucking close got his
mask off had the mask damn fucking close
a couple more you know what a couple
more health sprays and we would have
been there but we got ourselves rich we
are we we are on a good path here I'm
feeling like runnin ya know if we can
keep this group together yeah that's the
important fucking thing looks like no
one's leaving looks like no one's
leaving let's see here
des clown Steen this is Jack are you an
anime fan have you guys seen and have
you guys seen Stargate you must watch it
well that's somebody who knows exactly
will Mike be here for the next stream is
JK lol Chuck my rock also rich do you
like Julie not do you like playboy don't
believe that Ritchie like Blade Runner
the you know JJ is a what-do-you-call-it
he's a he's a splatter sexual he's only
attracted to horror movies all right
did you if you have you seen younger J
they make shit we've done like like
fresh out of high school J oh sure like
like a like in what is it called in your
alien movie what was that called the
alien even the gorilla yeah like in
gorilla in triplets and and like early
half in the bags
sure alright once J realized he could
look attractive yeah he just went all-in
god yeah that's all this is good for him
oh my god I am a handsome man I remember
like when he was you know cuz I've
always I've always known J with the chin
strap chin strap drink right and as soon
as J like he decided just 1/2 L you know
see how the mustache looks he's like oh
shit this looks great and then yeah he
started doing his hair up all nice lost
a bunch of weight handsome man
oh so close yet completely wasted so
close it completely winded got it no no
captain bowlers left
kept the molars an MVP I had that mass
they went to the share oh and VP oh look
at this look at this wow that's exciting
just barely I miss Hobbit Jay King
that's what he had that's what that
hairstyle is called the chinstrap
that's just what he had forever I'm
guessing rich realized he was wrong
about the tongues festival when he
watched the episode immediately
afterwards I checked I was like you know
I was gonna hem in hall and well maybe I
ever that's enough fuck it you know what
yeah
it's funnier if I go along with it
absolutely I still thought it was right
of course I thought you'll either either
I'm gonna look brilliant or like the
biggest moron in the face of the earth
and you know either way is good for
ratings where's me it'll be really funny
if I'm wrong yeah but I don't think I am
I remember I clearly remember samurai
copy well and it's it's so funny because
if you were right it wouldn't have even
bet you like you would have made your
tongue festival comment and that like
all of that argument would have been cut
out oh yeah oh yeah all of it yeah so
because you were wrong it turned out for
the Bates to be fair when I was acting
sure JJ so he actually said to me you
know if you're wrong I'm gonna it's
gonna it's gonna be bad yeah it's gonna
be here that's the problem
exact problems rich my camera my my
screen looks infrared because for I'm
having a weird being maybe because like
I'm going through the elgato it's
actually like making my monitor darker
than it normally is and so I had to turn
the gamma in-game all the way up to max
so ultra Jason that's all I could not
get the mask off of oh oh I'm Jason can
we reposition your seating so you can't
see the screen so I can't see your
screen yeah I will I will not look at
your screen Chad tell me if he looks at
my screen why I'm here here's what I'll
do alright harlech is I'll wait I don't
have a mic yet okay look it's even like
I can see you in my peripheral but I
can't see like where you are what you're
doing alright alright of course by the
way you can see my screen very easily I
could I'm not gonna look over right
we're both gonna be you can tilt yours
more actually anybody yeah I've made it
a little bit harder for me to see what
you're up to I don't know if that's as
important well I'm trying to you know
look away from yours I know I know I am
I am looking away from yours I can't
help though but notice the red blinking
so I know you just trapped the phone I
could I just I can't help that that's
true my peripheral vision
sure gosh darn it
and you know like I'm very I'm very like
instinctually like trapping the phone
and trapping cars even though I know you
guys are going for a Jason kill I'm
still doing like you know what my
instincts are telling me you know what
you're just keeping it real
you're keeping your key learn eyes I am
trying legitimately trying to to kill
you all
I'm not gonna let you get this Jason
town that I know you
oh yeah oh I can hear I can hear what
you're doing do that did you're like
okay I have a mic I just called in Tommy
I am no longer able to communicate at
all since harlech is Jason and we are
literally in the same room
oh shit don't say oh shit because I'm
gonna I almost look right over at you
know my controllers busted and I'm not
able to do any of my superpowers
Jason's controller is busted let's let's
fucking beat the shit out of him fuck
you look at this shit I can't do any my
super powers
oh this is bullshit I can't even use the
key the keyboard to use any of my powers
oh this is goddamn bullshit alright
Jason's having some major control issues
he's right by us there guys it's Jason
here I can't use any of my powers so I'm
just gonna hit you with my axe fucks
I mean you fuck you you first you fuck
you know fucks all you fucks are gonna
get it oh geez stock is available that'd
be a great power to use I can't use any
of my powers darn it
machete
I wonder if I can even kill you it's not
registering any of my buttons I use the
the bullshit thing is I use the power
you know
thank you son of a bitch I'm sorry I
won't count if we do this one it totally
won't count no okay
commit but I wasn't straight I buyed you
I wasn't thinking of behind you
I can't do anything without my powers oh
my parts came back
my powers came back my powers came back
huh is your mic up uh yeah right is mom
there
boom one done where'd you go
what you go instead of a bitch come in
there get you I'm gonna get you
my stamina looking like oh my god
alright then we're shitting around oh my
god rages available already it's off
damn you and your pocketknife damn you
where you David pocketknife son of a
pocket nib but a button but
I will return it felt best killing you
I can't spectate huh I can't spectate I
can't fairly spectate what happened
did they do it yet we've come close
come shockingly close tip so that's good
just interact with you people in the
chat well Jack is attempting to murder
everybody and they all appear to be
clustered in the same area of weird what
are we doing again we're trying to kill
Jason only right now Jack is Jason we
have brought her four people we don't
just to ring in Jack was nice enough to
bring his PC into the studio and we have
two PC's here and so now we are we are
both playing the game trying to kill
Jason now if those counselors were smart
they would have made sure that fucking
Tommy and the counselor who's gonna use
the sweatshirt had those pocket knives
the selfish shit
jack is gonna do something brutal to
this person yes yes I am fuck you fuck
your have an axe to the head fucks in
the house Oh Oh what are you doing over
oh gee what are you doing over there
people in the chat are rooting for you
jack
at least some of them at least some of
them you have your fans today think
that's it get up
no no yeah read did read it is
accommodate wait oh yeah yeah
Tommy still Arun I don't know I haven't
killed I haven't I've not killed Tommy
yet okay is what I can tell you I
already fixed this controller what was
even wrong with your controller it
wasn't registering right bumper and so I
wasn't able to use any of my powers and
I fixed it the same way I broke it by
just magic happen magic circumstance I
think this games having issues I don't
know what the fuck is going on yeah
they're heavier I wasn't able to use
right trigger to swing the weapon
yesterday I could not use the controller
at all whenever I tried to start the
game with the controller the game said
user of like failed log and could not
log in could not log into the servers
really yeah but only when you were using
it when I went to use a keyboard to
start you know mouse a keyboard to start
the game
it would log into a server by Tommy by
Tommy you done
so close so close you know I could start
I can login with mouse and keyboard but
then the controller wouldn't work at all
and then if I started the game with the
controller I couldn't login to a server
I don't understand how does that was
like the controller is fucking related
to fucking logging the game into a
server I so such a fucking weird glitch
it would have factoring in the review if
it happened beforehand there's so many
little problems and a few big ones still
apparently ya know and it's weird like I
said the controller just bugged out and
so for the first five minutes I was
unable to use any of my powers look I
mean luckily I knew where all the
counselors were cuz they were you know
bunched up trying to kill me
rich what would be more awkward having
someone show up to your door to talk
about Jesus or someone showing up to
talk about Stargate the answer is
clearly Stargate clearly like people
showing up your door to talk about Jesus
that that's just shit the religious
people do way they can spread in the
word that's just something to do having
somebody show up at my door just talking
about talking about Stargate means I
have a stalker sure and that is bad they
will never ever ever ever kill Jason
keep so close don't say we won't you
don't know you don't know nothing
yeah yeah fuck you die and and my
favorite part it's like you know why
that's my favorite it's like a casual
decapitation you know like it's not it's
not a full decapitation it's just like a
cache it doesn't try that hard right
he's like I guess are you guys reviewing
this game tintin editing yep yeah have a
good chunk edited already we got a
little rambley so it's a little yeah
that was pretty good discussion it was a
good discussion like I said just rambley
like and so like piecing it together is
a little harder than originally thought
even with our notes yep because you know
why we did not follow our outline oh my
god rich what if I just want to hand
deliver their Stargate thesis to you
since you confirmed you received it
since you never confirmed you I
confirmed I received it I just
acknowledged that I never read it
right and that still means I have a
stalker
g-g-g-gia
good game guys my power started working
again and that's how I was able to
murder you all you know well what a fun
game what a fun game this is won't by
the way you know what that's the nice
counterbalance as far as like the the
kill Jason strat is everyone was so Cano
they had the strat of killing me and so
they weren't really working on escaping
right right it takes a lot of team
working a lot of patience and it still
might not happen oh yeah we'll give it a
couple more tries
we'll give the old Jason death a couple
more turn you got a stick with it when
you were the good group oh yeah we could
use one more though right one two three
four five six seven we could use one
more so like Alice says hey rich and
Jack hi if I gifted you guys a
top-of-the-line gaming PC would you
actually use it constantly yeah you know
a problem that we have a problem that we
often have here is because we run OBS
off of the computer that is our gaming
PC some games act funny yeah right and
we have actually talked extensively
about building a separate streaming only
computer a computer just for streaming
just for processing this room exact
playing the game so one computer to play
the game send that video to another
computer to process the stream it would
make things significantly easier on us
how we would get that PC would be a
whole nother ball of wax and how we
would have to spend a couple days like
sweeping it for bugs tracking devices
listening devices yeah you know you just
do a format oh I like a full full car
driving that really full bairdi all you
need to do yeah no I'm saying full
teardown you don't know what's hidden in
there so far is Jason or Zelda breath of
the wild your fave game of the year
that's actually a good question they're
two very different games yeah that's
what I was like apples and oranges
experiences here right right how come I
have way worse ping than you do where
we're in the exact same fucking fuck
you know if doom was this year the
answer would be doomed wow that's like
duh did anyone else get away where the
fuck am i oh wait this way is I think
this way is the back of oh you're I can
look again where yeah yeah we're out
we're allies no I spawn in the middle of
fucking nowhere that's awful
Oh someone's someone's calling Tommy
already good okay Tommy's called that
should always be done early
that's why I just happen to get in that
house I heard someone do it Shetty for
maximizing damage output ax would be
preferred
I'm gonna do a little recon to see if
the Shack is up north here
Trank rabbit really if we really want
but then you absolutely fucking have to
stay alive it would be a little bit you
you should be it would probably be
visual try try going up to a high spot
near you of be a little bit now you
should be standing on it yeah
okay shack is not north almost nothing
to my name
I got a machete and a health spray
he's gonna try to meet up with someone
else here and there's Jason Jason that
machete bad
remember what bad Jason's got me already
alright maybe you'll be Tommy maybe
you'll be Tommy maybe I'll be Tommy
wow I think I just need to beat up with
everyone else yeah switch to rich cam
here looks like potential potatoes is is
repairing car we're dead dead is who
said no
oh it's you
good tune good tune okay looks like they
make they're making progress with the
four-seater as far as backups are
concerned
only I've died so far
alright they have gas and battery in the
four-seater nice Tunes Red Dead is
standing around okay redheads moving
potential potatoes picked up a stick
wearing a really nice jogging suit
that's really classy I'm happy with all
the fat the jogging suit fashions look
at those guys it's a great potential
potatoes has a gun nice upgrade gun
upgrade potential potatoes Tommy Jarvis
is on scene spectral is Tommy Jarvis we
got a couple female counselors here
still very possible
Tommy as the keys yeah we got to find
some of these female camp counselors
what happened I feel it I'm not feeling
it
oh I'm not I'm not saying it's gonna
happen but everyone no one no one's
together
currently everyone's everyone's
clustered you know flying around which
like chickens with their heads cut out
there's someone in that building and
then that's not yeah in that building
nope hello hello friend there we go oh
look at that look they'll found they all
found you guys you're all together now
before he died Harlech check the Shack
is not north it's in the southern area
who had keys Oh on their body oh great
I see everyone still so oh shit Jason
say all right Oh Jason's killing another
female yeah doesn't doesn't feel like
it's going to happen
he is coming look where is he Aries here
he comes
Oh starting the car
it worked it actually worked
just go
woman's right he wanted to impress the
captain wants to impress he was with
backwards driving tomahawks
look at this whoa wow this is fairly
impressive until he crashes touch this
Jason go back to that go back to that
Nintendo nice
there you go
there is bye nice oh look we can do the
fun glitch out but oh please oh look
you're all together oh this is a new one
oh my god we've become a Cronenberg
monster that's a new one look at that
you are one now wait we lost one look at
oh look at this we are one now we won
now feed off of a oneness look at that
they escaped Jason only to receive a
worse fate oh that's kind of hypnotic
don't you think wow I just want to keep
it on here in 200 they got stopped on a
rock and look your friends are so back
there please I'm not a part of my hide
no I think you're part of a different
hive I am somebody else with me because
there was four people in the car so I
think you were all smushed together
I'd love to switch over to you but I can
you know yeah oh yeah no you do that as
soon as you switch out you can't get
back and this is too beautiful oh here
we go
there we go look at that witness me
glorious
it's the Michael Jackson thing yeah I'm
black I'm white yeah yeah my brother no
matter if you're black or white so you
know and this this is one of those weird
glitches where if you're following
someone if you're following someone in a
car and there's someone else to a car
right when they pass over the threshold
you quickly switch to viewing another
person and you can follow them out
that's what you do yeah yeah and it
always ends up in a weird coach like
this this is the first time I've ever
seen I've never seen the merge I've I've
seen the boat just keep going off up
into the air space and underground yeah
exactly exactly but I've never seen them
come out of the car and merge into a
single super being like you know it's
fun it's fun is what it is and I just
kind of want to keep it like this
forever Wow Wow Togo sandwich keeps
trying to run away from Jason which is
frankly pretty commendable that he's
last to put is that they have become
tuvok's to veo no we cannot separate -
Vick - Vicks does not want to die
scares all about the group you get one
you get with ya all about that group
well you know there's a dice roll too
you know like we had a pretty good group
this is a different group than we had
last a couple times yeah potential
potatoes is new and I want to save Togo
sasquatches new fed spectral yeah since
we started having the good runs yeah
we've had red how do they kill
themselves in the window they missed it
there is a Stargate episode about this
we just don't I'm sorry
driving what what what who what
Jack's camera view felt like an episode
of Twin Peaks yeah yeah get a light
alright we'll go one more go
just one yeah it's getting late yeah we
can do this we can do this everyone Oh
nope I was kicked host has left the game
alright we'll try to find another group
man try to find it what is the goal the
goal here is to kill Jason and while we
came close a number of times we have not
done it but everybody with us no oh wait
we lost someone yeah we lost we lost a
couple people wait oh wait should we
should we invite some more people I need
to befriend some people all canceled at
us
no I'm sitting at Osama in the chat so
we can see if you're down oh yeah you
came at a bad time because I don't think
it's going to happen but we came really
close are we gonna try this again this
is a question if we don't do this and to
have to yeah no I know I know
add a cock please that necro one from
before you saw we're doing on the
successful runs where everyone gathered
together we had our melee weapons
I just ignored I just ignored all friend
requests so now friend requests me har
lack har la CK and I'll get you in
you've got 10 or 20 seconds clock the
clock is ticking there were quality air
quality I played with them
now he's gotta find yet maybe in the
ease maybe they're not playing right now
they're just still loading up the game
maybe it's in them
Vulcan you're in but there's somebody
people were almost gonna have to find a
private magic but we'll see if we're all
in in a group ever all I'd like just do
sure sure right potent potables
yeah and if they're already in your
friends list here I invited potent
potables I just I just did
okay one two three four five we got five
six six six we need two more or we need
to try and find a match either way okay
all right everybody everybody get your
characters all in order
we need ladies and we need bruisers I
was a lady last time so I'll be a
bruiser this time switch it up I'll
switch it up to bruiser hold on I'm
gonna customize my counts who's my brews
a good bruiser here what stick with the
dude why is ladies playing on alone when
I'm up on my own because they're the
better solo characters later I never
play with with buggy or Bugsy or
whatever his name is or what is what
does he know a guy's deep name even Adam
I never play with Adam unless I'm doing
something like this which is almost
never increased melee attack no age
that's not the perk I thought I had on
there I thought I had a stamina perk
melee attack damage increase for each
other counselor nearby boom and start
match with a baseball bat in hand melee
damage it's also increased boom I'm more
smartly hooked
I am also smartly perks
let's do this old let's rock and roll
I find an axe that would be great that's
no guarantee it will find an axe
we don't need stun duration just damage
maybe I'll find an axe I have bonus
damage with an axe
what say it again if you're hitting you
know be a person with big strength if
you're a lady be a person with good
stamina you choose whichever you want to
do whichever you want to do we just need
a couple ladies in a couple of dudes
however you're feeling it's gonna
probably take us another two minutes to
find another match if you're if you're
if you're less experienced with the game
I'm gonna change my mind it's probably
easier to just to be a random bruiser
you don't want to have the sweater or be
Tommy you just want to be you just want
to be helping dealing damage yeah
there's a lot of pressure if you're yeah
a lot of pressure it's probably better
just to pick like Bugsy or Adam yeah
they just keep whacking Jason I had some
I have some good perks on Bugsy right
now yeah we got increased weapon
durability start with a bat more melee
damage and the more counselors I'm
around the more melee damage I have to
uses from med spray nice I've got
increase your chance of stunning so if I
don't have a weapon that's great it's
stunning at least I got that nice and
increased melee attainment damage with
an axe and it's something like 20% it's
a nice 20% with an axe it's great that's
great I need to find a fuckin axe right
yeah and if I find an axe for machete
and I'm around a bunch of people I do
increase damage yeah so yeah yeah we're
gonna but we're gonna fuck Jason up
husband I do perks work with honey it's
time you get a carryover from your perks
or not that's a great question yeah
enough and then I'm going to assume that
he has no perks but all of his base
stats are good well there is there's one
counselor perk that increased damage
when your tummy oh yeah so maybe they do
kiss you get the other ones too probably
not right I don't know maybe they do
carry over oh here we go we got a match
it's just us so I need a couple more
people here potent potent four six here
nice pings
yeah oh yeah oh I get to pick what map
do we want your perks carry over to
tummy
except for spawn with x-type perks mom
with like the map or something okay that
makes sense
what map do we want right I get to pick
you you pick you pick you know what
don't do Crystal Lake okay I will do
Higgins Higgins Haven we did pretty good
with that one time at Higgins that's
probably easier to bevel yeah there we
go
have a good game it's not a fart
exchange it is what he was about to say
that's not a voice changer now I'm kind
of upset that I don't hear
it's changes
oh this perk is broken still I had the
perk that lets me start with a baseball
bat and as you see I am NOT started with
a baseball bat I've heard it has to be
in the first lot
only then bullshit still bullshit
you gotta Jason on y'all ready
oh well baseball bat in the first house
counts
I got a walkie-talkie
I got fucked
I got lucky I think Jason's busy with
another cancer right now so we got a
little bit of time where you at by one
on the cars it's awfully vague best I
can do man
I'm not by the main house
shit
shit
Jason's on me Jason's on me
ah I went running to be near someone
yeah because of my perk instead of
instead of darn it and instead of trying
to fight or hide or anything I thought
I'd run to be near someone so I could do
some damage shit happens
I know maybe we should do one more I'd
probably do one more I don't want to go
out like this
No where were the first ones out okay
Tommy all right second chances it's
fucking jack second chance
fuck yeah yeah
usually he'll sprain your hand that is
jacent might be screen watching the
stream this isn't one of the people we
invited okay it's not at the campsite so
where so it's on the island and I did
spawn right next to the damn phone box
which is why I got it first
Jason Shack is on the island
you can tell just by looking at the map
this pointer yeah cuz you can see the
camp by them yeah that's why I sold Oh
your buyer I just figured you walk back
I will come and help you for me
damnit damnit
drats drats drats hiding spot stress
I don't go in to find you oh wow you
shift
damnit
wait and see if he runs into it I gotta
find the groom son of a bitch
take that Jason you schmuck I was only
two left
yeah I can hear it was Jason a zombie or
like a crazy man
yes he's whatever the story needs him to
be at the moment I keep an eye on his
pity he is an unstoppable murder machine
that is the only thing that matters as
far as Jason is concerned
is Jack a fan of trap music I'm not
quite sure what trap music is I'm a fan
of hip-hop and I'm a fan of uh like I'm
okay with like some techno music the
dubstep she's got the gas so I don't
know what trap music is necessarily yeah
that's a good one that was spooky as
super spooky trap is shitty rap Oh well
then then no I probably would not be a
fan of trap music like I I enjoy stuff
like over-the-top like like gangsta
and like like over-the-top like Brock
Adagio oh honey she fits she failed
something like ASAP rocky and I think is
really funny that's good or not funny
that's fun that's a good rap nice is a
talker that's fine I you know what a
gray Geiger I am a fan of Twin Peaks I
have not seen the new show yet only
because I don't have Showtime so when I
when I when I eventually pay for
Showtime I'll see the whole series but I
am a fan of Twin Peaks even even the bad
parts of season 2 are are good enough
because of the ending that from Optics a
little bit of luck a little bit of luck
I don't believe vanessa has a very good
repair no she does not
but Jason's pretty busy right now did
Tiffany go back for the keys argh does
Necropolis have her own I don't know two
cars it's not gonna matter she got it
and did she have the keys she has the
keys she has the she has the keys oh
this could happen
what you get back in the car he went to
check the four seater he went to check
the floor seat up here we go here we go
I think he went to the four seater oh
she's new she's new come on come on you
can do it and we believe in you somebody
escaped this monster does she not maybe
she doesn't know where the exit is no
she's so know right there she was so
close and we can't help her
not forward quick quick quick quick
quick good
oh no are nice mice nice move
oh she's taking this all the way look
she's backing up all the way keep going
keep going keep going
nice we were rooting for you necro I'm
going what yeah yeah we're doing one man
let's go one more let's let's do one
more at least told you backing up slowly
always wins great escape greatest game
wonderful is game now it was filled with
tension is she gonna go the right way oh
she's stuck on the mailbox it was
glorious
it had all all the ups and downs of a
Shakespearean tragedy I can only bind so
I didn't have to keep the keyboard
balance on the arm of this chair so I
didn't hit P to talk we're gonna try get
a pack attack we're going for a kill
yeah we pack a nap he's gonna meet up I
hate the map but from what we're doing I
kind of like it we need some we need
some new maps we need some new shit
calm down reply that was shit was
exciting next live a little
live a little goddamnit
that was super exciting what are they
talking about here on stream that's
amazing I was like it was clear like he
was clear though he didn't like she was
so close the eggs but she went away and
she was like she didn't know ups and
downs and she made it yeah we're still
trying to kill Jason hopefully you know
we're trying we're trying to go
but I could be wrong okay Fletch that
part of our group Jason is not by the
drive-through I have to escape around
here oh you're it to me let's get it
let's gather at the main fucking cabin
if you're close
gasps bring the gas by if I can find out
where I am
oh shit the batteries in here too
the gas the battery and the phone are
all in the same house just putting that
out there
randomization is weird
yep Tommy Jarvis is called the fuck am I
now
all right we're gathering yeah oh I see
that's captain
I need to I need to I need a weapon
actually people saying with gas at the
moment
nice
okay we need a melee weapon now yes
hello I used to my Michael always bang
on sure I need a weapon I need a weapon
there's a flare gun over here this
battery I need a weapon
alright let's see what we can do here
did shoot him in the face once I feel
good about that okay well that's good
oh I got his mask up I got his mask off
already
okay probably just went to trap the
house that's the the shack nope he's
here
really
he's killing someone he just killed
someone
i I'm heading this way to find a weapon
or I'm useless I don't have a map I
couldn't tell you without I have a map
it's on the west
it's in the West yeah yeah he's outside
my house I've got a wrench are you guys
had mama way to go system
what's he doing out there
what pussy fucking pussy
what the fuck he knew we had he knew
what was going on fucking was okay but
by the way I had his mask off in two
hits because of my pic oh yeah I also
hit him with a shotgun and I have high
strengths between the two I had the the
more people I'm around the stronger I oh
yeah that's a good perk for him
and we were in a giant group and we got
his mask off so I like we got to go one
more we can't leave it on that right
yeah shit we were there again
dickheads right here's here's the flam
once we get Jason's mask off we have the
sweater we have Tommy Jarvis somebody L
no no no I'm not ready yet while we're
doing the kill so Jason doesn't rage
quit he'll think we fucked something up
no no no I don't have a machete know at
least that quitter was publicly shamed
that's right that's right
true that's the point play your part
your role is the bad guy
all right I gotta get out of here
No
I'm near people I don't know if that
people is you you and Camp Hill Brooke
yes me an inset flow pathetic alright
I'm in this other house here I'm gonna
look for a weapon and whatnot and we'll
meet up
you're already behind me insect
I'm not find a weapon lying around it
really really
careful jackets guys good Jason at one
time yep did you hear see where you are
yep I know I know but you know what you
guys were around I had to have that perk
I got a couple good hits in to ballsy oh
sorry daddy scream that you tried to
join us but too many glitches on your
and then unfortunately hits got some
bugs
since they're looking at sometimes a
dead body
Chad Connie who's Chad just drops like a
flare gun then went back for a wrench
and dropped it near the car
like his dropping weapons near that
smart that's smart
yeah that's okay here's what happens
it's a good threat all right why don't
you you're trying to go with the car
right yeah you know you're gonna have to
come back to the car but guess what's
gonna happen you won't have any weapon
you'll have to drop your weapon to pick
up the gas all right that's fair second
time he stole was both early same guy
yeah wasn't by the phone that time he
might be he might be trying to snipe
ashore yep look at Chad here hiding
yeah it's are we done oh yeah after this
we're done but but hey we gave it the
old we gave it a valiant effort yeah we
should have had that I'm so pissed that
I rage quit that was it that was it we
had a lot of good mojo right there a lot
of good mojo as mass goes off everyone
was alive oh yeah and we were all on the
same page
are you trying to do are you trying to
fix it picked up the trap instead of the
shotgun
oh no the humanity you're looking at
nothing come on you guys missed that it
was hilarious well given the glitches I
don't think you can assume he ragequit
there's a chance he just got
disconnected to shoot what he was
getting his ass kicked he was getting
his fucking ass kicked that's the the
thing is Oh perfect perfect mediocre oh
look at that I like how we're both
screaming here wait I'll spin the other
way hey here we go slower sorry there we
go
and ya see that's the thing is is he
seemed to be alright it could have just
been a random kick but we were all so we
were kicking his ass that that had all
the symptoms of Rage gwendy he just got
he got his mask off they just got
stunned three times in a row that was
some I'm pissed and a big group of
people he could clearly see we were all
working together and then he didn't yeah
he didn't want to be the Jason that got
killed it's too late for that to go on
the reveal
what we tell you know that all that
footage that's a live it up footage to
go end of the spinning the glitches
we're talking about oh I have so much
glitch footage that's one one no no no
and we talked about this in the review
about the player base being the problem
and Jason's being assholes and and and
and Jason's at least supposed to be an
asshole right councilors turning against
new counselors working with Jason
counselors glitching up onto a rough
word they can't be killed
there's lots of player based problems
this game seems like it's better than
the sum of its parts yes yes despite all
of these glitches and everything and
despite the player base occasionally
being dicks no I enjoy this game quite a
bit oh man you hit those moments and
that's our conclusion that's our
conclusion is the moments like it like
that moments with necro like just the
lone survivor doesn't really know what
she's doing just kind of fumbling around
and still manages to get over a complete
idiot doesn't know what they're doing I
said doesn't really know how okay new
relative a new player right and end it
like I'm sure for her it was really
tense like oh my god I know people are
watching me I'm driving I'm fumbling
around and it's those cinematic moments
that happen naturally
unlike the like look at this guy just
hiding in houses Connie
instead of instead of the game
developers putting us in a tube and
saying this is the moment that needs to
happen here they were just setting up
the pieces for us and they they often
fall perfectly where that we have those
cinematic moments like Connie over oh
look at that look at Connie just in fear
you can do it you got another pocket
knife nope oh right now captain Muller
you're all that's left captain Muller
flicking his light on and off see if we
have any fun I was like those views see
if we can see Jason walking around
as or captain Muller is hiding if you
can't kill Jason with a bunch of paid
Stooges doing your every command how are
we supposed to believe that you're at
you've ever killed him well I haven't
I've never killed him yeah I don't
either I don't even paid Stooges I
that's fine to say euphemism for you
know people who are in on the bit and
that's the way that's not paid Stooges
that's how you have to kill Jason you
need to use teamwork yeah we did was get
a team together right
I've been in two games where it's
happened okay once was the one where we
were making progress towards doing it
and then the Jason just decided that
doesn't count now doesn't count I didn't
feel like a kind of peel and then the
other time I was just getting the car
together and all of a sudden was fuckin
cutscene Stern's
but what said happen it happened just
away from me sure it hadn't you had
nothing to do had nothing to do with it
sure no and you know I came really close
to one we were in adjacent Hill and I
was Tommy Jarvis and we had the girl had
the sweater and I didn't know what to do
though
yeah and so like I had heard you mention
it a little bit like oh as time you have
to hit him with the ax or whatnot right
yeah so it was a girl with the sweater
another person and me as Tommy Jarvis
and the girl used your sweater oh yeah
look at that the floating body is still
there so the girl used the sweater and I
thought and so then after the sweater I
hit Jason as Tommy Jarvis and I wasn't
supposed to get the other guy was gonna
hit him first so like it was my mistake
yeah
good game everyone good game Jason I
really like the one from the oven I was
Tony coincidence and you all thought
they were doing it on purpose they're
doing it on purpose doing what to whom
my supply oh that's it that's it yeah we
will I will leave I will leave this
Lobby I will leave our group and we will
call it a night as it is getting rather
late I was gonna head tea and say good
night everyone
oh wait it's done not too late all right
I guess good night everyone I think
we're wrapping it up
good night
it was a heck of an attempt rich it was
I don't know if I'll bring this back on
Sunday but I might bring it back on
Sunday it is a big pain in the butt for
me to disconnect everything and bring it
here but it might be worth I want to try
again all right I want to I want to
fucking do it all right if you listen if
you're if you're watching us now on
Sunday send me an e-mail at prereq at
red letter media comm with your steam
name so I can make sure you're a friend
beforehand we'll coordinate it for for
Sunday night yeah we will get a group
together and weather ahead it has to be
a group of all eight of us but whoever's
playing is Jason you fucking know you
gotta play so you just want to do it a
private match well that takes away some
of the X Factor's it does it does here
see if we got any tips to catch up
s in 1984 says here's some money for
Jack's full murder rampage of all aid
counselors and killing which live on
stream good job
it felt that's the second time you've
killed me in this game that's true that
it felt extra good after the after the
the whole controller losing
functionality bet I feel a little
redeemed let's see here Selleck kiss
says if I sent you guys a prebuilt
digital storm gaming PC what would be
the best way I could do this I don't
know what a digital storm gaming PC is
well if it's if it's shipped correctly
the PIO box except stuff like that that
would be the way to send it up make sure
it's addressed to rich and I so so Mike
doesn't steal we frequently good things
yes yes we freaking like it thinks too
large for the box
yeah the peel box and they just pulled
it behind the counter yeah yeah yeah
send it to the peel box I mean listen
you don't have to but you know we would
put it to use absolutely seal awake says
hey guys first time tipper long time rlm
and prereq fan thanks for the stream a
great background for my evening work
that's what we're here to do man we're
just were different play games over and
play games thank you for coming out all
right Jack's legs crossed should be an
emote maybe maybe I'll finally get
around to those like animated how long
you've been subscribing badges and this
one will be just me crossing the legs
think ahead of time you want to grab a
few of the things just a case yeah I go
to just came to see what happens yeah
know that oh yeah we saw that
okay good I wanted to test it so we
wouldn't be you know I get it now is the
point of the show in which we thank all
the people who have subscribed to us
during this
live stream much like Skippy Brown PB
evil Lord David says hey guys David here
eight months in a row eight rhymes with
great so I hope you have a great night
we will let you you know what we did
have a great a great over that fucker
didn't rage quit robbed so close with
other people around we were many things
together places wish I didn't sell those
perks no I had some of those that's
that's what that perk is for yeah well
you're working for the ham of truth Pro
lead giddy guy one M tilt says hi I
fluff salamander
that's a penny a burrito
look Oh clay dull one dream sign for
sixteen months in a row and dream sign
says sweet sixteen I get a cake now
right yeah check your mailbox I'm gonna
get a cake coming later the real nut boy
for fifteen months in a row says garbage
humans unite or not everything is fine
alright was it a reference to I have no
idea alright huge Aza's huge asses said
that rich it's interesting that your
girlfriend's name is spelled to care in
with anion mmm does she by any chance
have German roots Karen is the German
Karen after all
nope it's actually her mother wanted her
to rhyme with her middle name and that
rhyme but have the same same less first
year the first middle and last name had
the same last letters interesting hi ni
ni on okay alright solo 56 7 for 18
months in a row
so I'm sorry rich I was supposed to be
yours but that's alright it says has it
really been 18 months already do I still
not have anything witty to say here the
answer to both of these is yes crocodile
brain for 32 fucking months in a row
says 32 months Wow missed a few steam
streams recently but these Jason streams
thank you for them I hope for many more
yeah great let's see here is the next
one that needs to be read how about
captain super Ranger who says you guys
are an inspiration to all hack frauds
out there Queen of the One Ring since
last resub rich taunted me for not being
prom queen Oh
his sister showed me her ring and Jack
and Karen agreed with me and something
can we top that G smeb's who says half a
year half in the bag like no says Jack
need more film stories exclamation point
and will we ever get the commentary on
this on the stuff can't buy on DVD
anymore Cemetery I'm the stuff because
you can't buy it anymore I'm assuming I
mean I don't know if they'll what
re-release stuff maybe a super special
edition with commentary but I don't know
I don't know the plan is commentary yeah
we'd like to do something with the stuff
at some point for four reasons sure sure
and in all threes no get too excited I
never do and as far as film stories I
have a ton like you know it's just one
of those things where I need to be
prompted in a certain way to be like oh
oh I smell daisies that reminds me of
this one you know it's yeah I have a ton
more weirdo stories that I'm sure I'll
be able to share just whenever I can
remember them
Sangster chicken mac buttocks Steve the
ghost who says hey Jack and rich almost
got a Jason kill earlier but a
trigger-happy counselor ruined it I
murdered him good on the next round
though six six opes 607 love watching
you guys
way better than TV well you know some TV
but not on TV dr. Harry Lime our first
helper yeah yeah great great Bell Oscar
there's nothing to be right after him
William Thomas and lund says I only
watch on YouTube with ads on I got
twitched just so my prime sub wouldn't
go to waste
insert your own plug too similar folk by
the time I hear you and read this it'll
be it'll likely be time to come back and
sub again thank you we appreciate it
eventually thank you turkey burger to
chika MooMoo Wow 79 bits train 1129
fucking months in a row says Oh fab
joyous day
Callooh Callay steamed finally bumped me
up to twenty nine months as a sub after
spending three months in 28 I guess
Arbor Day came early all right that's
weird piece of training Holly Khan
leftover beef tank 32 fucking months in
a row says thanks for another quality
stream I know you're a voorhees get your
mat you like Jack you do this hey now
you're a Voorhees get your mask on go
slay hey now Jason Voorhees get your ax
out kill with the big blade and all
that's bloody will
only can't only slutty counselors all
that's ready is blood all that's ready
is blood shorty what's ready ready
something right is like monkeys like
waters running right I'm assuming it's
dirty water no I don't know is that a
word or my just nuts I don't know the
words rich but thank you beefcake not
only for the sub but for giving us this
very Twatter that we are reading all the
subs off of we appreciate it
testy egg test Diego something I will
say speaking of all-star I have footage
of a Jason there was a Jason who was
playing on loop all-star by smell
through his microphone and it was a
little annoying but you know as Jason
gets closer to you you can hear his
microphone so not only did I hear the
creepy music but an all-star started
slowly getting louder and louder and I
have the footage of it like I have the
footage of it but I've decided not to
put it in the episode because the
copyright it feels right but it was it's
just one of the absurd things that
happens tete-a-tete Diego again once
again thank you I didn't say that there
no I did Jay Babineaux Wow Jay Beck
newly DK FF IV which I assume means
something Final Fantasy 4 says EJ on
previously recorded review of
transformers didn't we do that last
stream that is a stream joke briefly
yeah but that was our review
County threes comedy through the three
times and pretzels one three three seven
mr. Beebe's
for 25 fucking months of neurosis it's
okay guys he just wanted his machete
back
uh-huh oh by the way rudder ruddy is a
word it means reddish oh so all that's
ruddy is blood yeah org or all that's
right is cor if you are dead you're
probably a whore splatting brain
something my house uh what did you just
have a stroke it needs to rhyme with the
song with the letter with the word
before vaguely closest fucking stupid
bit then we're gonna forget about 14
says six months subscribing to you
frauds every single day felt like a
thumbs festival did they even kill Jason
we tried we tried a lot
look we should have we should have but
Jason rage quit oh we were closed that
time tell goes sasquatch hey I think
toga was was helping us out for a little
bit yeah I think there were fuller House
says I bro sent you guys the planet-x
book awesome to see it on the show Thank
You
Carta feeis Lenten flex in ski says
thanks for streaming your Jason kill on
my birthday couldn't ask for a better
present excited for spider-man
homecoming here's the word thing okay I
I think it's going to be a good movie
uh-huh I think it's gonna be the best
spider-man movie possibly yeah I'm not
super excited because this is like the
third version of spider-man we've had in
the last five years right is that about
right I agree with you except for the
last part like I think this is and you
know I I will defend the Tobey Maguire
spider-man movies but I say in the
horrible movies I'm just not that big a
fan Tobias I know I think this will be
the best
man movie we will have yes date yes and
therefore I am excited about it yeah I
know I'm a middle-aged man uh-huh I'm
not I'm not a teenager anymore I think
I'm growing out of Peter Parker that's
fine that's fine you can I'm not doctors
die read that one no I did not factor
smoke trees since nine months I hope to
see ten but I have a court next week but
I have court next week
wish me luck I have a cultivation of MJ
charge oh I don't know what any of their
chains oh you were smoking the pot yeah
good luck
sorry doctor waited wait a few years
I'll be legal right get a reduced
sentence good luck
turn smuggling who says trap strats
gotta get those Mad trap strats turn
smuggling back of the axes says four
months of are you go about our minute of
the four months of arguing about Star
Trek mm-hmm straight blur and egg huntin
a Ken Aten egg hen a egg a maiden -
there you go thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do all right I got
I've got nothing done done well the our
end bit is excellent
