May 10, 2017
STRAFE
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/150697147
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/150702977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jka_Ic4ivh0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siatSG14szM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/862397311149899776

[Part I]
are you sure rich yes I say I have it
has already been purchased it's a done
deal
the deal is sealed so I noticed it was
25 percent off and you say that's that's
if you own bayonetta it is 25 percent
off if you already own bayonetta and if
you preorder it for those confused on
May 25th they're taking pre-orders now
Vanquish will be available on PC very SH
it's a wonderful day this is a big day
for rich and here's here's what we'll
say thank you everyone for letting rich
know the big news - but there's two
really important things well one rich it
doesn't use our Twitter both the prereqs
or my personal Jack's mic is off
disconnected low whatever shit pop how
about no pop that up Bob tuck hi hi hi
hello which one is that yellow
I think I'm four I should be at five
like I'm at four that's why there you go
no no put me at five four huh oh yeah
that big a difference and yours number
one should be at five as well for three
course okay that's probably good damn
there you go we're not fucking with my
mic the only bad things can happen right
right yeah yes vanquish hype train uh
and you know once again just thank you
everyone for sharing but you know I
guess here's a quick tip here's a really
quick tip I appreciate it jackass
annoyed because he doesn't give a shit
about vanquish because Jack is a monster
I've never played vanquish I'm sure it's
a fine game I guess like here's what I'm
saying is like if if you if you thinks
yourself oh I want to make sure that
Jack and rich know about vanquish and I
want to tell them through their Twitter
you can you can actually see all the
things that people have acted at us at
Twitter and just to see if someone's
already told us and then you know then
you don't need to post it thank you for
sharing
it'sit'sit's there was just a whole lot
there was just a whole lot of it rich
and I don't necessarily care about
Vanquish I need it you know what I need
rich what do you need Jack a pillow a
pillow I'm gonna go get a pillow Shira
one right in the other room Jack I know
I'll be right back
it's Lori's day it's a glory is it it's
a glorious victorious day and we won't
we will talk about strife but we needed
to get this vanquished talk out of the
way cuz it was it was gonna come up at
least thirty times right it's very
important it's very important to me I've
been playing a lot of strife today and
it's very important that I have proper
elbow support for my mouse so that's why
I needed this giant this giant ass
pillow okay here we go
this is gonna take like I got it I got
to find my groove I was in a I was in a
really nice groove before I came here is
an escalation point create or is it
great exclamation point
I don't know it how does it ready how's
the create work again chat house this
house this this is good I want to create
a exclamation point late they already
talked about the thing haha that thing
you're asking about they've already
talked about it they already talked
about the thing they're saying
exclamation point create okay okay rich
says we need to show you guys the
tutorial which is which will be great
because that'll reorient me and make
sure all my control so here's the
tutorial for strafe this pillow is too
big
Oh No how do I edit this I need to edit
this do I just create a new one override
it so far I'm really enjoying strafe the
I think the issue that a lot of people
are having is it's more roguelike than
doom um well I think I think that's
where the hate is coming from yeah is
this is a this is a doom roguelike and
it's more roguelike than doom is and at
any good roguelike you know you're
talking your spelunk ease your isaacs
you want to move cautiously yes they
already talked about rich you messed up
again I know it didn't overwrite it I
don't know how to change it now they're
saying yes they already talked about th
thing it did overwrite it you just
messed up in the override how do you
delete something you've created they
pushed it as I as a doom quake roguelike
I think the hate it's getting is the
roguelike elements right but that was
part of the push I know hahaha
and so I think that's silly you you have
to be very cautious when playing this
absolutely I think that is what people
don't like right oh yeah you see the
gameplay footage uh-huh and you want to
run around shooting things yes that's
your instinct
right I'm gonna turn our sound down our
sound down Oh on the TV yeah I kind of
love the the tutorial for this yeah
incidentally it's it's beautiful it's
beautiful and by the way like I I know
one part in particular was put in here
specifically just for me and I'm really
happy about that
what was this I'll show you it's coming
up this right here Oh
because if you remember we were playing
we were playing the the early demo yeah
of strafe and I got completely lost as
the developer was in the chat yep and
the developer had to call me on skype in
order to tell me hey didn't you know you
could move these things which by the way
I did not I did not know they don't you
don't have your roots in like the
classic in software game exactly yeah
so this part of the tutorial was in here
was was made just for me and I
appreciate that
there's gotta be I figure there's got to
be more people like you want I'm sure
well and hopefully that's what they
learned is like hey maybe not everybody
okay this pillows too big we need a
smaller pillow Oh for fuck's sake this
is very important it's very important
you're a fucking prima donna yeah I am a
princess and you will treat me like one
god damn it
this pillow is much better whenever I
get fussy at home that's lisa's nickname
for me princess princess jack princess
jack okay cuz i do i can get fussy I can
get fussy and I can get really picky
okay I don't I don't care what you do in
your bedroom it's none of my business no
no it's like you know sometimes you know
we'll we'll be we'll be out and about
and I'll want a coffee and and you know
like oh well hold on let's go to a nice
coffee place well yeah but there's
coffee here I don't want coffee here I
want coffee at a nice coffee place okay
princess Jack okay this is how do I'm
just getting food okay alright so we're
talking about strafe and roguelike
elements okay so that's the thing is
like any if you're if you're trying to
go hard in any roguelike game you're
Isaac's you're spelunky 'he's right yeah
you need to be careful you have to move
slowly you have to assess the situation
you need to be very cautious that is a
direct contradiction to your dooms where
you want to rush into battle you want to
kick ass you want to kick ass and so
they're like for the first couple hours
I played this I sucked as I am I'm only
a few hours into what nice song yeah
because you have to be cautious you have
to take your time you have to be careful
and I know for a lot of people that
might not be what they signed out for
you know if you don't grab a weapon you
start with a wrench I do not know that I
want to do that
ah I've heard you get a wrench
let's see what damage we can do probably
not much died this isn't gonna be a good
run no it's not gonna be a good run
because you have a rent cause I have a
wrench right it's nice Easter egg though
oh yeah we'll see we'll see how good I
can do with a wrench not very not very
who's shooting him you know you dickhead
no you know what I would have think you
know I think would have helped their
reviews bottom end asleep what is that
difficulty levels difficulty levels I
don't know have started off a bit more
forgiving for the beginners well you
know that's they so for the backers they
they they they're putting out a patch
really soon yeah and part of that patch
is giving you more health on the
starting level okay and making the
starting level a bit easier yeah and so
like it's not on I don't think this is
the type of game that needs uh that
needs difficulty levels I just think
what hurt huh what would it hurt that's
not that's not the roguelike way FTL has
difficulty levels that's true that's
true
here
can we expect a vanquish no deathrun on
the Sunday it comes out on a Sunday it
comes out you can probably expect it at
10th but I have never pulled off a
successful vanquish no death run trust
me I will stream languish you're gonna
play vanquish now right I was that that
is the plan
the plant we have to do a prereq on it
yeah to to complement your old game
station right yeah I'm gonna say it's so
good it's question is should we do one
on this - I know you know well he and I
guess here's the thing it's is it gonna
be hard for us to be objective with this
because we've talked to the developer
because we kick-started it I know I know
I uh I have some things that I could
talk about roguelike first-person
shooter but you know that's a you know
Allah I'll ask you how into a you are I
mean yeah I can get some more time but
but I mean you know from into it or not
we can do a review on it sure I could
say yeah no I wasn't into it I'm not
into it
oh well that's what I meant is like how
into a review you would be weird oh
that's right I can handle that
haha I'll be honest I kind of love
having a wrench kind of love heaven oh
my god you're still on the wrench run
you're doing better I thought you would
I'm pretty good at this game I came I
think I came close to beating it one on
one run and I'm hoping I run into the
thing that changed like you know one you
have - oh crap yeah you're fucked there
oh I'm totally fucked there well shit
you know the run past fuck it yeah
you're under no obligation to kill it
come on it's a good scrap but yes you're
gonna show me some tips see I can hit it
with the barrel motherfucker
I guess we'll wait till after your
wrench from oh well and hopefully we'll
just run into the thing that that
changed that changed how I play the game
ah here it is that thing that thing that
thing right there yeah I know they have
scrapping it huh they have scrapping it
I know right but they have more
scrapping and you know you can keep
hitting it in more scrap oh really well
then I didn't know look at that well
fuck that's look at that look at all
that scrap I just got look at my numbers
that would help tremendously if I knew
that that's what I discovered one at one
time accidentally where I shot it a
couple times in Morse crap yeah yeah
there's so much scrap in there that
helps tremendously what one of the flaws
you know health I help us hard to come
by easy as fuck to lose oh yeah which
for a roguelike
you know that's par for the course man
yeah but that's par for the course that
adds to you playing very cautiously and
slowly yeah yeah but like I said that
that to me is the biggest thing which is
like the two games that they're mashing
together are a contradiction on one
another but I still think it works I
still think it works well the other
problem I had I didn't feel like I was
getting many upgrades cuz that's a key
component of the rogue light isn't it
getting items that make you more
powerful and
and kind of exponentially getting better
you know stronger who says this to every
time I come at this level it did they
like it chugs and this is on a decent
computer yeah I know what it's like on
normal normal computers and it like the
rest of the game plays fine is just when
I get into this area I always goes chip
Junction yeah um well yeah and you know
the the upgrades aren't like you know
you get you get those little upgrades in
the boxes that like have the here hold
on oh the like see the skull right side
I have no idea what getting those do I
haven't noticed much of a difference you
get those from the little crates right
and I think like the skull is more
damaged I would assume more damage Oh
one-hit kill it's pretty nice fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you that for a
wrench Ron I think you're doing pretty
good yeah well and I'm still getting my
bearings using this on a new computer
and you know my mouse isn't exactly how
I have it at home this whole pillow
situation was really throwing me off is
I guess what I'm saying let's see yeah
you definitely have to play cautiously
you have to you have to move with
purpose here we're gonna take this
barrel jump over the goo potentially
backfire oh yeah you're good you're
clever jacket clever that I am slowing
up the thing see this guy yeah jump down
BAM I hate them oh yeah they're great
they're great that's a great enemy man
an enemy that was that oh that was just
help that's nice an enemy that just
makes you that makes you slow down and
look up and look around and and can
catch you off-guard
yeah makes you slow down we are talking
about the reason people don't like this
game is the slower pace agreed
unless I'm saying I understand their
complaints and I even think it's a valid
complaint yeah
because because it's it's it's a it's a
quake you know it's a doom it's fast
Oh dye I love the rent run oh fuck you
hey cheese and you know what you
sometimes you have to cheese enemies
like like if I had a machine gun I would
just wait for all these enemies to file
down this hallway oh sure sure there's a
fair amount of cheesing involved once
again just talking about the negative
reviews it's getting that's that's part
of that though oh yeah no and I hear it
and it's valid but I hear it and it's
valid look at those guys look at those
dickheads shit alright so so keep
hitting the crates which is actually
something I didn't know you could do
that is great what else what else do we
have is is you know in classic roguelike
fashion like health and you know your
shield which was basically a second
health bar yeah is is priority number
one and then you know then it's then
unfortunately like a lot of it is just
kind of get good you know like like dick
and then you know some of it is also
luck like making sure you get those
upgrade stations that just so happen to
give you the good things oh you know
what the other thing is and I won't show
it on this run the other thing I
discovered is reloading yeah it's a
little bit of Helldivers yeah you lose
ammo where the the number four how many
reloads we have is how many clips you
have not how many bullets you have I
didn't understand that at first oh no I
got that privilege really well okay yeah
and I kept on running I kept on
wondering why I was running out of both
because I was reloading every two
seconds I see I see yeah
hey making this wrench work for you jack
gonna I gotta give it to you yeah you
heard it here first folks Jack what's
the name of your nun chunk this is the
shit what is it called again roll the
frag frag shark FX and it's you know
just a little joystick with some buttons
and stuff but it's perfect for games
like this especially like this is what
I'll play with at home on down here come
on down here dick ah it's pretty like
it's basically a first person shooter
Chuck ah ah that I see you dickhead hey
I love this wrench I'm a big fan of the
wrench
oh me too blue key need a blue key why
don't you just use mouse and keyboard
Comfort that's what it's all about I
like I the thing I've always hated about
keyboard is WASD my like retraining my
fingers to do this
I hate he is still using a mouse I'm
still using a mouse which is the
important part for precise aiming yes
exactly so it's the best of both worlds
all right mr. Bob blocks ahead of them
mr. Bob blocks Bob's Bob blocks Bob's
campus
Kevin's I've seen Bob blocks Bob's
before oh you know what this time I'm
only getting help from these crates cuz
I don't have any I don't have a gun
so like balancing it for you it can't
give me a gun upgrades you know what I
appreciate that says love the
Bladerunner audition honestly rich that
was hilarious
I wonder how that whole thing comes
about who came up with it how long did
it take to shoot did Mike even tell rich
the plan or he just throw him into it
you ready for a plot twist other fucking
way around asshole plot twists I I saw
the Blade Runner trailer and I was
looking at Ryan Gosling's just dead
fucking face and I was thinking yep
that's definitely a Blade Runner movie
and I we talked to you about it briefly
uh-huh and then I you know I went home
and did trailer popped up again on
YouTube and I'm like you know what let's
do a video I just sent Micah texts I'm
like Mike I want to do a rich auditions
for Blade Runner short Magna text me
back alright yep see you tomorrow see ya
yeah and it was great it's hilarious
for the record I think Blade Runner was
boring right you think if you're new to
the streams has come up every now and
then yeah actually I guess most of us do
and I had no idea it was like we were it
was like a J stream one day yeah many
many moons ago now and someone in the
chat asked about Blade Runner and I'm
thinking I'll grab God that movie so
boring or something and then J responds
to the comment it's like you know I
don't really like Blade Runner I think
it's boring and I'm just we have to find
that stream because I probably I
probably do like a shock look over at J
cuz I never I never talked about it
before I was like oh really Wow
J - right and just recently he doesn't
feel that strongly about it but Mike's
kind of in the same boat that's that's
shocking to me blade you know Blade
Runner is always uh that's that's that's
usually like go to if you're an arty
party film lover like Blade Runner was
beautiful look I'm its blade muttered
Blade Runner it's not like I don't want
to love Blade Runner I want to love
Blade Runner right everything about that
movie it should be right up my fucking
alley
yeahbsolutely you got you got fucking
pre Prometheus Ridley Scott yeah
you've got Harrison Ford miss Prime oh
yeah Sean Young Rutger Hauer great you
know good cast
a fucking beautiful
gloomy gritty sci-fi world that is just
fucking amazing visually you know that
they have fucking build us kind of like
a plot thematically it's something I
should like you know humanity where is
humanity and the robots where's the line
and everything about it all if you look
at all of the elements I should fucking
love Blade Runner yes
I've tried to watch it three or four
times in my life I can never make it all
the way through the movie that's I've
seen it in chunks sure but it just bores
me to fucking tears and you know it's
that's just that will never not be
shocking to me and while it's just a
trailer maybe they will make a movie I
like with this Blade Runner sequel but I
just staring it at Ryan Gosling's face I
think yeah this is gonna be fucking
boring isn't it Oh get off the ladder
get off the ladder dickhead
dickhead maybe try the final cut release
the fee I've tried a number of different
concerts always fucking boring I
actually think it's freakin worse
without the narration eally you lose
that noir feel because we not know ours
another thing I like it right right and
now it's just quiet and boring great
score though yeah great score great all
of what a great individual elements then
it comes together just it but doesn't
comes together boring so that that's
short I am taking 90% of the credit for
it as he should
look at that that helps my nemesis love
the new short rich is such a compelling
actor Midwest humor was great almost
sounded like you've dealt with this
before I can't take credit for the
Wisconsin jerk
you should be able to dual wield the
wrench Oh like a wrench and a gun
alright had two wrenches I don't know
I'm just reading things to people say in
the chap
sure bitch type um Berto Cabbage Patch
Umberto has a question I kind of like
her okay all jokes aside okay what is
your prediction for how many avatar
movies will actually come out in
theaters that isn't a fucking question
besides the first one was how many new
avatar movies will actually come out in
theaters yeah how many how many these
these eight sequels the James Cameron
has planned will see the light of day
you know for that franchise dead even
though it made a lot of money everybody
has already moved on and forgotten about
it
at most yeah one one at very moans I
didn't like I think I like film them all
at once to save money though cuz but
you've got them in the can well if they
got him in the can out then they'll all
come out I know I don't think I don't
think he's going to get anyone to
distribute them so I don't think any of
them are gonna see the light of day I
don't think they're I don't think
they're gonna get made
why didn't why isn't why hasn't one been
made by now I mean it's been number of
years right he's been talking about a
sequel forever why didn't we see one
three years after avatar came out the
and this this just goes back to me
saying we're not gonna see one
when was that ah here's I'm going back
now so I can get a big armor piece of
armor
everyone by the way Ewing see I'd rather
be spending this is one of my critiques
at this game I would rather be spending
scrap on fun upgrades you do you do like
you know this is an adjustment period to
me like if you're good enough you are
spending scrap on upgrades ah but you
know oh but I just wasn't I'm not good
enough this run brutal Odyssey from Jack
bagon haha
brutal a distinct ah nice is ml great
that's part of the game rich just part
of the game and you know there's always
that with any roguelike there is a luck
element to it sure so you know sometimes
you're gonna have sometimes you're gonna
have a better run and then other times
wait you know what I'm gonna say the the
modem noises yeah too far this too far
agreed agreed you know like I get it
it's 1996 yeah yeah yeah here's Joe key
to your lately joke here well this is
what I was gonna say is this is supposed
to be from 1996 and in 1996 everyone
hated that noise and now it's like a
funny thing like haha and you wouldn't
use it for a door openings right now if
you had a multiplayer mode in this fake
modem noises what you're connecting to
the match yeah that would be great
agree
do we expect on other Star Wars trilogy
after episode 9 or do you guys for see a
series of one-off films after that no
they're going to they're going to keep
milking it for all they can they know
that episode whatever carries more
weight than a Star Wars story does oh
yeah so it's just it's gonna be
never-ending absolutely never-ending yes
they might skip to 12 and do a second
prequel series after that they might
might skip to 12 somebody in the chat
single skipped episode 12 like you know
cuz it started before actually it
started with just Star Wars but then in
one of the video releases they shoved an
episode number in there that was all
done after the fact right it was Star
Wars wasn't called a new hope until well
after the fact fun fact the title crawl
might have said a new hope but it did
not say Episode four originally the
original the original theatrical release
was that we have an episode I'm the
poster I don't think it was called Star
Wars and you not in the poster right
right that's yeah that's what I was like
but I don't know about the crawl back in
the day before before the mid-90s when
people referred to it they just called
it Star Wars it was Star Wars and Empire
and Jedi didn't say a new hope Empire
and Jedi back in the day right no what I
do at least
and someone saying it just said star
wars in the crawl so a new hope was
added later - interesting I believe it
any game or says what camera and audio
mixer do you guys use for streaming we
use on my zoom h6 which we have these
microphone these are XLR microphones
that are plugged into the zoom h6 which
allows us to have up to four inputs that
are each individually leveled yeah do we
remember what this camera is we just the
camera we just went to the Best Buy
wasn't Best Buy
no Amazon is it I thought we got it at a
store oh we might I just went to a store
we just went to a story about the one
that looked the best yeah this looks no
this one's expensive but I look at that
cheap piece of shit well any we didn't
buy the most expensive one and we didn't
buy the cheapest one who's just like yep
this one's kind of in the middle and you
know what it works mostly except for
when it doesn't which is you know mostly
an OBS issue see I'm totally teasing
this I'm just kind of like letting them
come to me go room comfortable I know
there's nothing behind me so I'm just
like drawing them into the hallway
taking them out one by one and sometimes
they take a while to get to you so it's
like five bullets that I might reload
and you'd burn nope but you're now
you're wasted nothing Jack I'm wasted
nothing I know I've run out of bullets
I've died a lot I've not run out of
bullets
okay I don't think anyone's can you
stuck to the machine-gun
um I know I've done I don't know one of
each the machine gun I've had oh fuck
yeah of course right when I get ya other
guns oh that's right
yeah I punched him look fine thank you
I've done other ones I've also had luck
with the railgun
shotgun I have not had a lot of luck
with because that is an
up-close-and-personal weapon and I want
to stay as far away you ever safe
yes strafe yeah yeah which I which again
rich I completely understand why people
have a problem with this game give use
it could use a tighter spread just the
way this game is designed so now I just
grabbed a key so like a lot of times I
have to grab a key new enemies will open
up so now you got to start watching your
back distr says hey guys normally I'd
say speaking of some part of the game or
conversation you should check out
laundering Souls but wandering souls is
nothing in common with this game oh well
lol fuck my cock I know I know we should
check out wandering Souls I keep hearing
that we do and we might I got okay I got
uh I I originally wanted to play through
all of the fucking zones it's not all of
them but no some of the some of the
major ones yeah but but now we got
strafe yep River City ransom underground
I know you love that so much I got
fucking vanquish coming to PC Oh God Hey
nothing else matters rich has vanquished
I I wouldn't hold my fucking breath I'm
by playing anything that you want me to
play not that it's terrible not that I
think it's terrible right but there's
just too much competing for my attention
oh shit
pray pray near yes to my fucking game
heard I've heard great things about yep
they're there they're dicks not gonna
waste a single fucking bullet leggo
who's that who's that who's that ah acid
oh there yeah there ya dicks you praise
praise been drowned in just the sea um
there's too much shit to play I mean it
prey looks good you know I know it's
it's on me I know Jax suddenly on it
that's Bethesda right that is uh and so
I'm sure my only sell a selling point is
dark sci-fi by the makers of dishonor to
look at which we both liked and it looks
and it's like a darkly themed sci-fi
game and it looks really fun so at this
point there's just too much shit
absolutely and I agree with you
wholeheartedly that there's too much
shit oh you're gonna have guys up here
aren't you
uh I got I am you know what I'd kill for
huh a melee button you know like like it
just like a quick oh yeah like I do this
that's not in the realm of original doom
or quake or whatever this is modeled
after but every all once in a while like
someone will sneak up I mean I just want
to punch him like I do an overwatch I'm
so used to a quick melee button are the
upgrades you get for your gun random
yeah I don't think my gun has ever
looked like that yeah this is like a
like a short bursts upgrade that can you
still go full auto or no oh yeah but now
like everyone bullet if I was like like
freeze I can hold it down
oh is well hold on I'll reload here
see just but I'd like three at a time so
it's a very different gun now
oh yeah lose full-auto well it's just I
guess in this game that's fine
oh it's still like to me it goes fast
enough but I put a puppy and I like your
suit you didn't get to see how it
changed your gun before you put it in
like yeah I really like this upgrade I'd
be afraid to upgrade that gun again oh
no no no let me go back and show you
where did I get the upgrade see see how
it has this alcohol this this is the
three symbol and so like every upgrade
has a different or they don't stack then
yeah they still stack they still stack
they still stack and so like the next
gun upgrade it might be it might be an
upgrade to my secondary fire okay so but
also will be related upgrade will be you
won't get something that's incompatible
you uh you know I don't know I guess I
thought that you're an expert like and I
have like all of the upgrades I got on
my good run like where I made it almost
to the boss they seemed to stack okay so
the master 20,000 you're absolutely
right about these stealth and dishonored
as compared to thief
what says in dishonor the stealth is no
tension since you can fuck everything up
in that game as compared to thief uh
yeah I think you said that never view
I've said that huh yeah yeah I think I
did say that in a review yeah is worth
repeating cop now hahaha and obviously I
was so correct that I needed to say it
again I don't remember specific things I
said two months ago I know I know right
I'm just giving you a hard time I really
enjoyed this game I'll be honest with
you I really liked it that was nothing
okay great this was the right way
anything
so then you know here's another thing
like over here I can either go the low
the low route or the high route always
choose the higher out because then you
can pick off these little ceiling guys
first there's always going to be fucking
ceiling guys so rich is happy about too
many games as a sequel to a game from
1990 a scroll down you fucking think a
game that looks like it's 1996 and a
game from 2009
hahahahaha too many games yes so what
old games automatically suck because
they're old what's your fucking point
the the point still stands that there
are too many games that rich
even if rich said hey I just got an
original black and white gameboy and I
really want to check out Tetris it's a
game he's excited about who cares where
it's from playing vanquish for the mouse
is a big deal to be yeah and you know
what you would know that if you'll ever
listen to rich talk about anything we
like different things and that's fine I
don't have room for prey I'm sorry I
don't have room for prey and ear it
looks I don't have room for near I don't
I don't play games like I don't quit as
I can to get through them all I don't I
don't do that you know what I was
reading a super bullshit article the
other day about prey yeah much like
other Bethesda games prey was not
released super early to the press you
know like I like what they did with doom
and dishonor to yeah they did not
release them early for for press to
review them and I read an article that
was just like this is going to be bad
for Bethesda because that's going to
force reviewers to rush through the game
in order to get their review out as
quickly as possible and I'm like that's
bullshit Doug it's your review
like you know if you're gonna if you're
gonna say like I felt like I was rushed
that's on you right or you can just give
a complete review you know what am I
going what am i doing
oh I'm at the shop oh there's too many
games you you can't play everything
sometimes just got to play what you're
in the mood for agreed okay so I know
what this does this is a box of bugs and
I believe that my box of bugs gives me
how like I can eat them for help oh god
I know you like this aspect of
roguelikes I can't fucking stand it I
want to do what I want to know what the
fucking thing does before I buy it right
I think that's fair I mean like steroids
right then one that's as steroids right
is that power up my goners I just make
me throw the barrel farther because one
of these things in my mind is useless
right I agree I'm gonna see what this is
this looks interesting like I got that
foam thing yeah I don't even get to
figure out what it did I get anything
notice any kind of fucking difference
give me a fucking thing that says this
will do this right okay oh well I think
it yeah I see you look it does so in
items teleport to a glutton Aimie
glutton and press J that seems like
useless teleport to a why would I want
to do that to get around quicker oh I
definitely don't want that
yeah so that's useless oh yeah shame you
didn't know that before you bought the
fucking thing oh well you wasted the
only upgrade you can afford no I can
afford another one so settle down so we
don't well let's get steroids let's see
what that does
so now I know for my next run rich it's
all about it's all about the the
acquisition of information oh is that
what's that next thing do how do you
figure that out jack that's a great
question rich is there a next item
button oh dear Jud chattin ah how do I
see what the next item does you know
what game I had your back for a second
game and look what you did to me you
made me look like an idiot I'm pretty
sure we know what steroids do we don't
not of us as baby ghosts here how do you
guys feel now that vanquish has been
announced for Steam today okay
kiss kiss I feel great we talked about
it it's great oh oh you know what
steroids does rich it makes you run
super fast that'd be good to know oh I'm
telling you right now it makes me super
fast that's the last thing I expected
yeah throw burrows further your strength
yeah you know strength that makes your
guns maybe it increases like your health
capella ya know anymore yeah I agree so
it makes you run route it makes you run
really fast except for when you get to
this part because that then it turns
into a slide show oh I don't like that
that's gonna that's gonna throw me off
now because I'm gonna my movement speeds
gonna be all weird
Willie J 4201 says first tip ever thank
you we appreciate it
welcome welcome to tipping how would
steroids make you run fast that's what
makes no sense Wow
what was his name athlete that got
busted the Olympics lines are decades
ago oh no I was thinking like Lance
Armstrong well running specifically I
was there a guy who Ben Johnson was a
Ben Johnson that's my time I don't wanna
throw Ben Johnson under the bus might
not have been Ben Johnson what you're
saying is there was an Olympic athlete
who's using steroids run fast you got
stripped of a medal yeah these steroids
also make you run faster because they
just enhance your money enhance your
muscles that your best guess what you
run with your muscles what this is I
know this is shocking information this
is shocking information run with your
muscles
says that that is in fact what they do
yep and we figured that out through
experimentation shit fuck you helmet
nope I don't they start this running
kind of throws throws my I mean it's
great because they're not hitting me but
like it's oh fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck
too many well well well shit shit shit
too fast too fast
god I hate steroids there we go
god damnit don't do drugs kids don't do
draw drugs I was just you know like I
was I was just moved too fast with
steroids I couldn't I couldn't do a low
K I don't I don't like that powerup
Anonymous's do you think there's any
chance that an uncanny valley
Harrison Ford will appear in the new
Blade Runner well a CGI self be just as
bored with acting as his real self
you know what based on that trailer
Harrison Ford looks much livelier than
he did in the original Blade Runner I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
straight-up honest with you actually he
looks lively enough it makes me think
that this might not be the same Harrison
Ford we saw in Blade Runner because that
version that we saw in the original
Blade Runner was a replicant spoiler and
was all speculation so it's in spoiling
nothing and the version we see in that
trailer is the actual decker that a
replicant in the first movie was based
on nice that's you know what I like that
I like that speculation that rich said
that's quality speculation oh shit
I am so fucked
cuz the I remember when the original
took place but it's what 20 years after
the original or 25 but it's been like
fucking like how many years to see
really close to 35 38 since what the
original Blade Runner it's like should
Blade Runner Harrison Ford be as old as
he is no 10 20 49 technically speaking
no oh yes II look this is know so this
is a missile upgrade like us right now
my gun has a grenade launcher and this
gives me a missile launcher that's my
secondary fire I try not to use it
because I a lot of times end up blowing
myself up oh I still this gun
I was thinking it's more that he is a
replicant but it's only been a few years
he aged rapidly oh that could be it's
possible but then again um
Roy batty didn't age rapidly none of the
other replicants aged rapidly that's
true
severe Oh what Wow rich
you
but what are some noir films that we
enjoy I don't understand we know there's
any in particular noir film I enjoy I
just think it's a style as a motif I
tend to enjoy it
I enjoyed war when it gets referenced
like no love for the classic like Bogart
no no I haven't seen enough of them I
need to go out I need to go out and
watch these things oh you do I know yeah
there's a lot of really good ones like
and I'm generally not a fan of that like
of older movies in general because like
I feel like they have a whole different
pace to modern movies but those will
both like you know Maltese Falcons like
yeah just hard-boiled detective shit and
it's great yeah for the record the
answer is dark city dark San Diego
fucking doir is hell and it is fucking
awesome there you go
totally fucking dark City there you go
no you're not restarting shit windows we
can say right where you are gonna get
that no to get that away from me that
horrible notification that you want to
restart now so it's about right here
defensible positions huge AZ or jazzy or
J's I'm not sure jay-z ze
jay-z jay-z huge a Z's is yellow yellow
rich on vanquish on PC don't you think
there is a possibility of the balancing
big bad I'm being intentionally cheeky
but also serious the game was designed
for an inferior control scheme that is
theoretically possible like it now is
just gonna be way too easy but then I
gotta just play it on hard I guess maybe
it makes up for it sure sure that's
reasonable worst worst let's say
worst-case scenario for some bizarre
reason that I cannot fathom it plays bad
with a mouse let's just assume that I
don't think that's gonna be the case
let's assume that on PC the worst-case
scenario is I plug in a gamepad and then
I get vanquish at like 120 frames per
second hahaha
and and looking gorgeous and looking
gorgeous that's the worst case scenario
I don't know it sounds pretty bad
so I'm not worried yeah I heard you
where'd you come from where'd you come
from
Cyrus the mild cold says man this game
is getting pretty bad reviews on Steam
is it I was really looking forward to
playing it but now I'm not sure it's
worth 20 bucks Cyrus the mild cold
here's here's what we can tell you yeah
it it depends upon what you are looking
for yes if you are looking for like
quake 1 or quake 2 you're going to be
let down if you're looking for a
roguelike that also happens to be a
first-person shooter it's it's not bad I
think I think the reason it's getting
bad reviews is that it's a much slower
and more deliberate play style
that a lot of people would have liked
just just based on looking at the style
of the game you automatically think
quake quake fast-paced quake run around
kill everything quake and to play it to
play this game successfully it doesn't
doesn't work that way yeah yeah this
this is more roguelike than quake it's
far more deliberate and so like for me
who doesn't have any particular love for
like original doom or quake like you
know obviously I enjoy them but I don't
like hold it super dear in my heart but
I love roguelikes this game is fantastic
I'm having a really good time so far the
issue is what your expectations are
agreed agreed rich I'm with you I'm with
you 100%
and I think that's if it is getting
negative reviews on Steam I haven't I
think you told me that the other day but
they sort of marketed marketed it like
that yeah I guess you could blame the
marketing but they also marketed it like
a roguelike you know like that that
famous commercial with the kid whose
head explodes awesome fast-paced action
I I get it yeah I get it I get why you
would be let down if that's what you
were looking for
yep
it's a good game to fire up to kill an
hour or two with some mindless action I
guess
it's $20 game no this isn't this is not
a light like any good roguelike this is
not a mindless action game this is a
this is a game that you have to be very
deliberate on you need to learn like
there it has its own rule set that you
need to learn and memorize I don't this
isn't just a pick up and play like so
I've only got like three hours in it
right but you you seem to be enjoying it
a lot I am I look JIT omit ly am
enjoying it a lot yes the tip button
isn't coming up any help I can't because
we are definitely getting tips some blue
guy in chat says hey guys
hi first Mike got shafted for voicing
Palpatine yep now rich doesn't get
picked for the lead role in the new
Blade Runner yep this anti rlm bias in
Hollywood has got to stop i I agree
between vanquish in this the choice is
rather obvious let's have used to me too
we're not I don't think I'm saying this
is vanquish
not every game is like a direct
comparison
if you're looking for a challenging
roguelike is the issue is anything is
the question yeah if you're looking for
a challenging roguelike in the style of
quake roguelike would mean you know
shorter game overall but it's difficult
because you know there is perma death
right and you're counting on on finding
upgrades to get more powerful and things
tend to be randomly generated like these
levels are procedural you know you don't
get the same layout every time you run
through strafe right hello and yeah a
procedural quake could have been neat
but it's not exactly what they were
trying to make
yes it's quick without saves and it's
random every time and health is spare
sparse yeah very sparse health Jack you
are empty I'm very I'm very close I have
four health at the moment yeah you're
you're gonna die dude it's very possible
that's it huh taking you to new orals
morals new worlds oh my god so this is
so this is pretending the listen em oh
god Jack I've now reached fuck joke I've
now reached stage two
I'm playing it's so goddamn cool Oh No
yes the levels change oh no I broke oh
no the game broke what happened there
Gus you need to use a thing to blow up
the rock and I thought and it got stuck
in the rock and so I thought I broke the
game forever but I just time-delay those
are neat yeah shit oh I could use some
health about now or a scrap machine you
can use totally use a fucking scrap
machine how many worlds are there
I believe there's four ah and you've
you've got nearly at the end of all four
yeah really yeah Wow yeah it's a good
run I had a really good run whoo I had a
really good one yeah oh yeah see look
you can see there there's four yeah yeah
so oh yeah yeah make sense I got so I
got I got to the fourth thing which
which was a big boss oh it's just a boss
I well I don't know if there was
anything after that because that was the
first thing I ran into and it was that
oh no no that was the end of the fourth
lair you know what it is like it almost
you've got to a boss I got to a big boss
and I died at the big boss hmm doctor
smoke trees you're insane Man of Steel's
not great I don't know if you're trying
to start something
ma'am Aroo yes the folding ideas video
about Suicide Squad is a very good video
his whole channel he's he has a bunch of
really great reviews that folding ideas
he has one for Man of Steel and it's a
really fantastic breakdown of Man of
Steel ah he has some good stuff that
folding ideas I don't know are you tired
it huh are you tired who's just taking a
little break talking people just talking
and talking to chat talking to check I
was you know give them a give my wrist a
little rest I'm gonna go one more round
and then you can go around go phew
because this is gonna be a whole thing
with changing bindings
probably that's true that's true no I
was talking about falling ideas don't
insult me like that oh I'm sorry dr.
smokers
I did not mean to assume that you liked
that you liked Manistee I'm so sorry
MZ boo says I messed up my subscription
note I meant to write jack beer also
I've been watching older streams and the
board game stream is great hope it can
happen again you know what me too maybe
you two never been rolled out right it's
just it's more a scheduling thing than
anything else
chicken butt exes any plans to auction
off the leftover shards of your Mass
Effect CDs but I paid top dollar to hang
a piece of that prereq history on my
wall top dollar they're already in the
trash oh they went in the trash
immediately yep where they belong
haha oh shit double two deuces Jack yep
stop picking you with a beard from a few
years ago yeah and you look boss ah
someone who can't grow a beard in his
30s you need to represent as a best of
the breed nope you had it in folks we've
been through the the jack with a beard
situation I think if it's itchy and
there's already enough beards at rlm we
don't need another beard I have I have
my little niche as the as the hairless
one I'm the bald one I got a shaved face
that's my niche and II like it just gets
too itchy I don't know how like before I
shaved I just shave today and I feel
fantastic before that I went like a week
and a half two weeks without shaving and
it would just started to claw at me rich
it was like my hair was devouring my
face
and I hated it I'm not going to deny
that I looked super boss with a beard
but it ain't coming back
it ain't coming back love fest effect 1
& 2 3 never happened well enjoy your
story with no ending what
I'm Kenny bananas's I'm can't even man
you can't even ante like that that's a
good name
hello gentlemen hello I'm a big fan of
your internet comedy troupe ah keep up
the good work
ha ha you are them welcome kid a nice
headshot Jack thanks that's all you know
like if I gets to get your space let
them come to you most of them don't have
don't have projectiles so it's all about
finding your finding your safe space
finding your safe space I didn't them
come to you is it a story with no ending
better yeah but neither of them are good
I don't want to start a story that
doesn't have an ending shit running away
yeah a story with no ending is half a
story a story with no ending is a
Stephen King novel well that that's just
a story with a lame ending to me to be
fair Mass Effect one it kind of has a
real proper ending and kinda ends it's
like the end question mark level like a
horror you know okay but still I tried
to play it it felt like going to a
funeral yeah cuz you know how the ending
yeah yeah film the ending with your own
head Canon that is so fucking lame I
could just imagine the whole fucking
thing then how about that
yeah why do you need it at all right
what you got killed from behind my guess
oh let's try yeah let's try a different
gun anonymous says Mitch McConnell sucks
ass up no politics and no crime says hey
guys thank you I had jury duty today
Oh though a civic duty though they
didn't need me and I just sat in a big
room for 90 minutes got me amusing
anecdotes about jury duty yeah unrelated
are you supposed to tip for a haircut
yes you are supposed to tip for a
haircut
generally speaking you tip for everybody
if you tip them well you get a good
haircut next time you go in to but I'll
accept them if you get a good haircut
yeah I mean generally speaking any sort
of service industry and I does I'd put
hair cut people in the service industry
they get tips
I guess it might be a us thing but
here's the thing if you live in the u.s.
you kind of have to tip because the
people who get tips are usually
underpaid to begin with all right like
like waiters and waitresses they they
they literally need tips just to to keep
a roof over their head it's not a bonus
as it should be right like for your
haircut lady or man
that's a bonus for waiters them for
waitstaff no that's that's that it we've
talked about this before tipping is
customer subsidized payroll yeah
it's wrong it's totally wrong and by the
way I looked it up and in Wisconsin yeah
you only have to pay waitstaff something
like three three twenty an hour that's
this that's nothing that is so nothing
right comically nothing there is stuff
in the corpse yeah I don't know that I
don't know what it did it made a little
noise it went Brennan Murr my mom
yeah so if you're if you're not from the
states and you're visiting please tip
when you get food they need it
uh yeah yeah rich you so right rich
oh I see you
most countries isn't it illegal to pay
that low and here the most part is in
this country just for some reason for
some reason there there are there are
two types of employees that our minimum
wage works for regular employees and tip
employees and weight waiters and
waitresses are under the tip employee
provision so they are legally able to
get paid 325 or whatever it it's it's
it's it's awful it's awful it shouldn't
be that way it's awful talking politics
no we're talking about horrible aspects
of our reality
I don't think minimum wage is a
political Howell but you know what of
course it is it shouldn't be it
shouldn't be a political issue but I
guess it is but you know what I don't
care
minimum wage is one of those really dumb
things that that exists and I'm not
terribly sure I mean I'm sorry paying
people enough to live on has to be a
controversial political subject right
you know what rich I also have some I
have some unorthodox and controversial
things to say about child labor I don't
think they should be forced to work rich
now call me old-fashioned
there we go all right so if you look at
my at the lower right hand corner of the
screen I have 5,800 and you need 6000 to
get that I know I know wait waiting I'm
waiting I'm gonna I'm gonna see if I can
kill some more guys and get some more
scrap oh yeah there it is boom or it's
waiting for me already why is the full
only 40 in not 50 the full 50 is it I
thought I did it I only got 40 shield
I thought the fourth try to run the half
shield is 20 yeah half shields 20 see
what happens here yeah was it okay
pinion maybe I had less shield than I
thought when I bought that sure
well there's jury duty anecdotes well
obviously we just don't have that many
I've actually never been called for jury
duty never they called me in for what
about a statutory rape case but they
didn't end up selecting me okay so
that's the closest you guys closest I
got so but you did you have to go to
like the courthouse and wait hours an
hour sure nightmare
that real
come on there we go Oh what how did you
get trigger waste waste of bullets all
these roofer guys here
take your time
aim eat it eat it there you go I thought
you were coming bullshit
okay yeah and I've never been called for
jury duty I want to say like lisa has
been called for jury duty
like a dozen times right she is always
called Anna and like I must have done
something where I got put on a list
whoever listens to the streams is in
charge of calling people for jury duty
and they say we don't want that guy we
don't we just don't want them I know we
may have started apathetic towards doing
something for charity here's the thing
though oh if this is in reference to
like the last room
we can't just barge into vine sauces
charity stream like mine sauce has to
ask us to show up what the and that
that's true for anything like we can't
just show up and like say hey let's uh
let's us the do string to get like if
they want us that vine sauce knows how
to get a hold of us and it what if he
was looking for people to be on his
stream he can totally do that totally be
willing to do it of course knowing as
far as our own charitable thing we just
don't even know where to begin with that
I guess we could just say oh we need a
charity uh yeah everyone does every time
we die we give xmod to this but oh man I
guess I don't know and I think well I
think the other part of the stream is
like you know instead of giving instead
of people like tipping us for the stream
we give them a link to like donate to
Children's Hospital something like that
right it's like you know we'll try to
raise money for that yeah you know we'll
i'm not apathetic towards it I just I'm
just overwhelmed I don't know where to
start
but we'll try to do something what is it
what does vine sauce a popular streamer
slash YouTube channel yeah he had a
sauna ages ago he did like a first
started huh we first started yeah yeah
he had us on and and we had a great chat
with them
we had a great chat with him
yep
Vsauce not not vsauce vsauce is the guy
who does the edutainment stuff it is
vine sauce right I'm not getting that
wrong right yeah it's fine sauce okay
you know what I felt god I'm worried i
fuck that up
Vsauce is the guy who's the hottest
thing on the youtubes he said people say
he looks like me
or I look like him depending on who's
older the bald man with glasses
maybe he wants us under streaming just
ask really I mean of course like we we
can't just barge in read you had a
charity thing get out of the way get out
of the way
we're hurt we heard you doing a charity
thing we want to talk now what are you
doing right I don't care
we're here if you couldn't tell rich
just put his feet up on the table out of
the way
charity streamer we're talking you've
used to do it going down now that we're
here no oh oh I guess I'll later well
we'll be out here
ah nice talking to you oh they never
recovered you he's never recovered after
we were on we ruined a channel Oh
that's a good gun you know what this is
a good gun this little handgun right
here fine gun and then this one you can
throw wait
when when did I develop the George Lucas
impression when I had to when we meet in
George Lucas on camera not a moment
before you didn't have that like a go to
Lucas impression yeah yeah no I did not
I did not like the first time we I
didn't Lucas it was silent wasn't it was
the that what's what was the first time
you did Lucas was it the convention I
think no I think it was um the episode 3
review Lambie and silhouette kind of
hello maybe who it was either in the
episode three reviewer in the episode 3
review epilogue that I do a lot of
research I just pulled something out of
my ass okay anything kind of talks like
this I guess I kind of kind of low-key
you didn't you didn't workshop your
impression it doesn't sound too sure of
himself um what's a workshop huh
what's a fucking workshop I'm not a
professional actor I'm a dufus to
workshop something is to you know like
perform it in front of like a group of
people a group of people probably would
have been Mike and Jade and get feedback
and then and then adjust your
performance based off of that feedback
that's sort of workshopping something is
how's that
l ahd says hey guys Jack have you
listened to the new gorillaz album oh I
have I have my favorite song is probably
a strobe a light strobe light
I guess it's but it's not spelled like
lig aegon whatever what's yours
what about favorite gorillas song in
general mine is probs last living soul I
bite out last living cells a good one
you know there's a there's a there's a
lot of really here's my super hot take
on the new gorillaz album humans is what
it's called are you ready for it rich
cuz I by the way I've had this tweet in
my drafts for like a week since I got it
but I don't wanna I don't want to like
tweet it out because it's so
controversial here's my controversial
gorillas take humans while good
sounds more like a mixtape and less like
a cohesive album I dropped it aimless
course Eris's hey Jake and rich fucking
nerdy question I know but what are your
opinions on the hero's journey story
structure PS is it obvious I have a
useless film arts degree fillet she ate
I felt like symbolism do you want to go
back to the gorillas I did that as a
joke I was a good joke I loved it I
loved because I know you don't care I
know you don't care oh you're spot-on in
a lot of people grow well that's great
well so here's that here's the thing
about gorillas right gorillas is this
mashup of the singer and songwriter from
blur you remember blur yes so it's him
he's basically the main guy and then
every album they work with different
producers and rappers and other
songwriters and it's it's this wonderful
melting pot of different musical styles
right yeah and that's what makes the
grill is such a unique that's what makes
grills album so unique is it's this
perfectly
blended melting pot of like rock pop
electronic hip-hop like this new one has
like reggae tones and it's very
interesting there's like spoken word
sections in there old albums but there
are other albums work as an album
they'll feel the exact like they'll feel
like a cohesive unit yeah so you can
listen to it from front to back and go
on a little journey yeah this humans
just feels like a collection of weird
songs so it doesn't really feel like the
gorillas it feels more like a mixtape
which is something that happens a lot in
the hip-hop community where an artist
will make remixes of their songs and
other people's songs and just put out
random tunes that's not necessarily an
album so so it's good it like humans is
good but it's not a good album if that
makes any sense anyway the songs just
trying not to culturally-appropriate
each other
wait what I don't know no it's just not
it's like the songs are all weird and
eclectic but there's no unifying theme
okay that man that'll make it an album
like still like hallelujah money is on
it and that's a fucking great song maybe
that is the theme oh the rich you made
it okay hero's journey hero's journey oh
your approver how do we feel about the
hero's journey I think is what are you
doing what are your opinions on the
hero's journey story structure tiresome
after a while I'm I get it I thought it
was really refreshing in the last older
game when we didn't have that it was
just yeah you're a badass Knight hmm
so like the question is like is there's
no necessarily there's not necessarily a
problem with the hero's journey the
problem is the oversaturation yeah yeah
I don't know don't hate it yeah like
there's nothing like the hero's journey
is just that's it's so classic it's
everywhere it's what you add to it that
makes it special
and unfortunately lightsabers likely but
at the time that was really new right
but but see like all they added were
lightsabers and space Wizards right
and now Marvel I think is kind of
getting in a bit of a rut where all
they're adding is magic powers or a
shrinking costume you know they're
they're uh it's the hero's journey isn't
as important as the thing that you add
to it what is it what are these noises
that keep happening I don't know like
what is that I don't know what up rage
do you get did you have what it what is
that you're asking me like I know
chattin
wait someone at us in in chatty in the
image at someone at previously recorded
you think it's that yes
Shanny have a new annoying noise yes
okay so that's not it
but you guys heard that too right you
heard that doorbell thank you uh it's so
it's not the at but yeah there was a
doorbell noise and I don't know
there it is what is that I I'm not gonna
know just because you keep asking saying
it's a game thing sure but but what does
it mean in the game is that a different
Gunners have some kind of weird upgrade
to the it's an upgrade it's a it's a
shoot multiple little bullets upgrade
which I don't like as much as the shoot
one one thing straight hell fuck I think
it's see that see that thing on the wall
this black thing yeah I think that's
what's making the noise I couldn't tell
you cuz when I go away from it I think
it'll go away I couldn't tell you it's
the door stupid somebody's saying what
door probably under you there's a dorm
oh shit damn it oh that's my way to kill
him know what that killed me too like
looking down my health is half god damn
it okay nonnamous says you guys are just
critical of Blade Runner 2049 cuz you're
biased Marvel fanboys or something
absolutely
and you know part of me didn't hear
Blade Runner I just heard Blade 2049 I
was like we're not critical of blade
weight
that's annoying
okay
some some blue guy in chances someone
who's only heard of vanquish in passing
can you give me a brief summary of what
it's about and try to sell me on the
game all I know is that it's got robots
and that platinum made it ah
that look that's what it is imagine a
third-person shooter it was where you're
in this thing okay okay imagine a
third-person shooter where you are not
encouraged to take cover and in fact
they give you rocket boots
so more like the new doom where they
encourage you to get in there to get
under the action and yeah nice and the
robots are just kind of fun to fight
looks neat it looks neat I'll tell you
what rich nice anime nice animations fun
gameplay fun fun good boss fights for a
shooter my favorite boss fights in any
shooter are from vanquish hmm oh I
haven't gotten one of these yet so check
out this door scan face door okay I need
to find a face and carry it around I
need to find a soldier's face that's
that's a classic reference yeah uh was
part of the original plans for doom that
they didn't use it was like to scan some
spaces and I think they eventually used
it in one of the other games I think
they using quake 2 okay shit reload
reload yeah they used it in quake - okay
and in new doom they didn't do do them -
so it's a it's a reference totally a
reference yes I did a whole I did a
whole game station 2.0 episode on
vanquish I'll you get more details there
Cerie Chen says I am random question of
the day I am Jack you're a coffee guy I
am a cop again how do you feel about
curing coffee ke you are IG Kira you're
a good cop you're a coffee yeah donut
shop is pretty yummy
or are you a I prefer to brew my own
specialty coffee type of dude I am AI am
full-on princess Jack press action to
rip off head wear when it comes to
coffee I have several different coffee
makers what I'm using right now is a is
a arrow press which essentially makes a
couple shots of espresso that you just
pour hot water over that's a fun way I
also have a pour-over mug
I grind beans daily I get whole beans
and I grind them right before I send
them through my specialty coffee maker
I'm a big coffee snob uh-huh so the idea
of the Keurig you've probably seen it
before it's those like pods that you put
in a machine and then you press a button
and like it sends hot water through and
it makes one single cup of coffee yeah
and the pods they make no mess and you
know you get all these different flavors
it's really good for people who just
like what one cup of coffee and don't
necessarily care about quality oh my god
just one cup of coffee have a good
coffee coffee I also have my coffee
black and so like the taste of said
coffee is very important to me
shit shit shit some of the chat said the
Vanquish boss fights are fun but they
reuse them too many times I'd say
because they're fun it doesn't bother me
that they reuse some of the boss fights
I'm glad to face these monsters again ah
look I got a face
then over here
like lots of games have bosses show up
as mini bosses later on sure shit oh
shit
can you drop it I hope so you're fucked
fine jack is so fucking tired Zed says
which one had a more coherent story
Suicide Squad Metal Gear Solid 5 I
haven't seen Suicide Squad because I
just totally cannot be bothered to give
a fuck
Suicide Squad had a more coherent story
it just was it it was just told him like
shit like he kinda you know basically
what's going on in Suicide Squad now
when I do that head now I get is aside
from predator Conan and Terminator any
Arnold Schwarzenegger films that you
guys like and or and joy I like I like
Total Recall better than any of those
honestly
I put Total Recall at the top oh yeah
that's a great one uh
wait besides what now predator Conan and
Terminator those are all great ones
listen I have a I run a club for all
Arnold movies like fuck man I will watch
Kindergarten Cop any day of the week I
can I can appreciate the action scenes
in Terminator 2 but I just don't like
the emotionless killing machine robot as
protagonist like that doesn't do it for
me that's not it oh you got to find the
right face oh my god this might be it oh
my god that's great that's great I think
this is the right face this looks like
it's Alan
Last Action Hero doesn't get enough
credit
yeah they were going there long times
I've seen it I remember not being
thrilled with it that you know they're
going for like a a parody thing get it
yeah I get it and it didn't work all the
time but yeah there's some fun in there
Oh what was the the James Cameron one
where uh true life realize True Lies is
a great Arnold movie Arnold it's such it
what's this Arnold is such an intro well
yeah I'm gonna go for it I just want to
make sure I don't I'm not gonna get
ambushed do it now before you activate
something to die before you get a chance
okay there's a shop coming up it's
alright alright I just want to make sure
there are no more bad guys which shades
Terminator 2 on all Arnold movies pass
it on I'd say I'd prefer Terminator 1 ah
you had some classic Wolfenstein action
suck it up you you I want to move with
my mouth instead of look you have to
strafe check straight how do you strafe
no I'm only turning oh really
yeah so this is something that does one
of your buttons act as a modifier that
might be hell I need some more uh yeah I
need some more it might be the whole the
button turns that into was yeah yeah
hold on I want to play again I think it
was one I'm done
what does it call what are they calling
it liftin Stein Luton shine okay the
wolf3d have strafe yes it had strafing I
remember strafing in it what when I when
I when I pressed left or right that's
that turned my character
well I think I think Wolfenstein had
like a button you would hold down that
would turn turning industry or sure okay
ah fuck shop
okay these are boots I wonder what that
is what that is
I wonder what that is boots we'll
probably good this let's try this guy
what do you think he does but you
couldn't circle straight if you held
down the button you could circle
straight just fine but you had to hold
on a button that would change left and
right into strafing
what did that do I don't know I got a I
got a thing I don't what does it say did
going to your inventory it doesn't say
anything you didn't do anything
Oh what does it do
ah till you love these items where
doesn't say what I kind of do I look you
know rich I just learned a lesson I
learned a lesson
Oh Anonymous's Congrats on 1 million
views hey what's the worst TOS movie and
why it's Star Trek 5 because it sucks
just that simple it's just that simple
yes that guy from the Scotland says
here's a fiver can you two please
unknowns your complete support for
Scottish independence go on
you know Trump's mother was from a
village not far from me we're also proud
believe me look it is not my business
what wet Scotland does I should I should
be somewhat interested my sister lives
there yeah then you should be something
interested I'll ask what she wants
sure I mean how can how can you not
support any sort of independence rich I
think she would rather be a part of the
EU I don't think that's what
independence means well no I think
that's why they want independence no
because they want to be part of these
because they want to be a part of the EU
so they don't want to be a part of the
UK ok so then let's support let's let's
support Scottish independence yeah I I
support independence in general and that
includes Scottish independence
I've I have many I have multiple sisters
up 15 at last count no it's not 15 you
said multiple that's that's any number
rich title between 1 and infinity right
infinity is not a number it's a concept
what infinity is not a number in his
concept and I was using it as a concept
no what are your unspecific which
multiple system it means more than 1 but
2 1 1 from 1 to what but 1 to 1 J and a
specified number what specified number
I'm sure you got the best fight you
could say between 1 and a hundred that
still counts I just said multiple that
didn't specify any number it just 1 more
than 1 so between 1 and infinity between
1 and the most children a person could
have Jaime nice isn't a totally
appropriate use of fit infinity Jack
maybe
and then
none of us says would you consider doing
a best of the worst
episode about foreign movies there are
tons of non English stinkers out there
whether or not a foreign movie makes it
in and I'm swinging me with subtitle
because we've done plenty of Italian
films oh yeah I'm not saying that won't
happen but as a theme no because I think
three movies have been get old Oh 100%
agreed rich yeah we do we do first of
all we do foreign movies all the time
miss Dixon Bop Kat Dina that's true miss
Dixon Bali
yes I was a foreign film we do foreign
films all the time they just they just
slide in love dance oh that's right that
was like was one wish recently made by
like the Filipino Taxation right so
we've definitely done for our movies oh
yeah
but yeah they're dubbed and I'm sorry
about that but this is not gonna be a
good round
it's not gonna be good run
that's that's one one complaint I can
have about this as a roguelike is
generally speaking roguelikes will have
little incentives for you for dying like
you know for example unlocks unlocks
like you know Isaac has things that can
be unlocked that you can use on future
runs the same with spelunky spelunky has
like a system of shortcuts that you can
obtain there is stuff that is happening
to help incentivize gameplay because
you're dying so much and it is so
difficult and I don't think there is
anything like that in here or at least I
haven't seen it and so like here you
know I had a shit I'm having a shit run
and I know this is not going to end well
but at least if I had something a shit
run anyway it was a shit run anyway but
at least if I had something that like I
could work for like okay this is a shit
run but if I collect this many Zork meds
I know I can unlock everything right
hunchback Jackson's hey rich Jack hello
in a bookstore right now looking at
catalyst a prequel novel to rogue one
I'm so glad I can find out the back
story - the back story - the star wars I
think I'll pass then you got to have the
back story - catalyst the back story -
the back story Turtles all the way down
course Lulu anonymous says here is a tip
hope it will be enough to improve your
standards of living I mean any any any
tip does that
tired senses rich as Harold Ramos once
said everything is sex in politics even
tipping even tipping is sex in politics
do you tip your sex worker not saying
you have a sex worker but that was a
general question like I wasn't saying
rich as a sex worker you implied I did
it I did I did and I did not mean to I
guess but that's a question cuz that's
like technically a service industry
let's say someplace where it's legal
like in Nevada yeah where they have like
the bunny ranch and whatnot I wonder if
you're supposed to tip your sex worker
Jack anyone anyone never hook up with a
sex worker give us the hot beats not on
the hook up just on whether or not you
tip oh no idea I have no idea I would
assume you would but it's also that's
also like well is there a difference
between like like tipping a legal Vegas
sex worker and then prostitute off the
streets is there a difference oh sure a
legal sex worker you might tell someone
about right okay prostitute you're
probably not sharing that information
and so like yeah you're not tipping just
a legal prostitute but you go to the
bunny ranch
you know then then there's like cities
did you tip her and you think oh yeah of
course
this is not a problem I've ever had to
worry about no come on chat one at one
of y'all right and somebody do I know
anyone who is used as sex worker I might
I might know someone who's used to sex
worker
anonymous says rich every time you have
a head-on shop like in the Blade Runner
video my brain automatically
superimposes your baby painting onto it
ha ha ha ha freaking me out a little
those eyes on the baby painting and the
baby panda yeah yeah yeah Shanno hod
1897 says hey guys used meme pictures of
you guys for a show that my band Dawson
is plying on June 3rd at the Obey house
in Pittsburgh illegal hope you don't
mind my making money off your goddamn
faces we ever fuckin find you oh oh
you're gonna pay in blood motherfucker
there's probably nothing we can do about
that unless you used it in any sort of
print advertisement well if you hang up
posters I don't think there's anything
we can do about it if you use it in
print advertising that actually might be
illegal the mystery of my baby painting
and who's who commissioned it mm when it
was the nobody fucking knows I've asked
around nobody alive knows really my dad
wasn't even sure where it came from I
hate that it ends there we need more
input my dad thought maybe his mother I
did it she was artistically enabled from
and I said weld signed eel amp I you
know what I think she would have
slighted a layup oh yeah oh oh huh I'll
shit right so my dad doesn't even
remember where that fucking thing came
from well no of course not he was far
just like it was a dumb painting that
someone had made of you like I'm
assuming my mother or my grandmother are
the only ones who would know and they're
both gone see so the mystery can't die
there we need to figure this out it has
to be something we can do to figure it
out we need to talk to other people in
the area to see if they ever had
commissioned a painting in that style
right
uh Chuck Jack's been using a mouse for a
while now weren't you here for the jack
learns how to use a mouse stream
probably not okay uh you know when I
started using a mouse as soon as I built
my gaming PC then I knew it was time I
knew his time and and you know what I I
got my old my old frag chuck out of out
of dust because I one of my biggest
problems with mouse and keyboard in
general war was the keyboard and as soon
as I got comfortable with the mouse I
started using this as my WASD and now
now I'm great I'm golden what I figured
out was my problem all this time wasn't
really the mouse
it was the WASD mm-hm that was my real
problem that's what kept me away from it
for so long but ever since I got this
guy out of mothballs I'm good and I'm
good now
and obviously there's no better way to
play a first-person shooter no no
there's not the chat is saying that the
baby painting is a quest hook take the
quest yes I've done this I've done this
I am asked around I've there was a while
a few months back is just asking family
members like you've given and there's
that many I can ask anymore really ok
you know what after the stream I'll get
some I'll get some personal information
from you I won't talk to your family but
I'm gonna start calling businesses sure
in the area sure and and we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna hunt down some
leads rich why why is in the area gonna
help because I assume it would've been
done anywhere near Milwaukee right but I
assume wherever it is that wherever you
lived or your parents or your grandma
lived at the at that age I assume that
people from that area knew of a portrait
painter according to my uncle it's
possible it was done in Disneyworld shit
so there you go well you know what then
what we'll do is what rich sometimes in
order to solve a mystery you have to
figure out what it isn't right once you
start crossing things off your list then
we can narrow it down and if it's Disney
World and that's easy that's it he
wasn't sure he said that's possibility
of course
that's the problem is too many
possibilities we got to start crossing
off some of those possibilities bridge
look at this a look at this idiot look
at this idiot stuck in a pole come on
come on dummy get your shit together oh
whoa
that's one of my infinite number of
sisters I'm the oldest they want no shit
it's a fucking baby picture you know the
siblings don't get older than me one of
my infinite sisters rich Evans and his
infinite sisters
that's a sci-fi novel right there
great doctor
all right turbo Jesus 5000 says hey guys
hi house junk do you think they'll
recast Sheila bleed be off flip woof
the beaut Shia LaBeouf in Indy 5 or just
pretend Indy never had a son just
pretended he'd never had a son
maybe he slowly died of radiation poison
poisoning after touching Indies hat at
the end of four um oh I like that
I like that I'm skeptical this movie is
even gonna get made yeah yeah where did
you come from it's entirely possible
that he just won't be in the film but it
won't be an adventure that involves
month oh mudsy he's at college he's at
college
we're not he's not around I hate mutt
I genuinely don't like shia labeouf as
an actor we don't we don't need nd5 we
don't need any fun we could have another
adventure of Indiana Jones and just
recast Indiana Jones oh we do we need
another adventure Vinnie I don't know
like yeah what I'm saying is we could we
could have another Indiana Jones
Adventure you know what I can't see
anybody but Harrison in the role well
that's you know I can't I just I can't
don't don't uh don't limit yourself by
by lack of vision at that point at the
point where you're having somebody other
than Harrison play Indiana Jones yeah
just make another cereal inspired
swashbuckling 1930s adventure movie you
know sure that's fair
crisp app but it's too goofy Chris Pat
Chris Pratt is a different thing he's a
lovable goofball Indiana Jones was not
it was never a lovable goofball he had a
sense of humor Chris Pine did pull off
Kirk that's true
sumbitch
to my shooting my bops fine thanks
Chris Pine yeah he's kind of jerk yeah
yeah he's fine
he'd be a fine indie he's generically
handsome is that basically like the role
he's playing in Wonder Woman I have no
idea
I didn't realize Chris Pine was in that
yeah and he's basically just playing
like handsome man handsome man about
town who what is an adventurer uncanny
banannie says which one of you owns all
the Star Trek TNG action figures that
would be Mike I never seriously got into
the whole action figure thing yeah yeah
sir that a handful
AJ pimps all says yeah notice there's an
option to buy the game you currently
play yeah it says that you'll get a
portion of the purchase yes we will this
is new I didn't know about this oh we
didn't yeah it's a new thing twitch is
doing we opted in any game we're playing
twitch has a little Buy Now button and
we because we are worthy technically the
advertiser oh yeah yeah we're playing it
will we get a little cut from that so
alright if you were thinking about
buying it anyway there's that little
there's that little button there's that
little button it's probably not a very
large percentage but hey it's Mike
really such a big star wars fit Oh God
if you if you have to ask that question
when star wars new Star Search there's
something that was Trek because we're
talking about the trek figures right
have you never listened to Mike right
exactly
Mike who finds a way to bring up Star
Trek every single fucking episode of any
video we ever made look I I you know I
love Star Trek and he's probably a
bigger fan than I am Jesus Christ yeah
look I know I know you love the plague
and star wars reviews but mike is more
of a Trekkie not that he hates Star Wars
he loves Star Wars too but you got to
realize that the first plank of reviews
he did or the next-gen movies that's
right
hey chat quick question see if any see
if anyone in chat knows this so if you
see my health there on the lower left
you kind of see it we're almost covering
it up you know we're it worse is 100 and
has all those orange and red lines and
then underneath that are the the lines
and dashes and some of them are red and
some of them are not if I grab a health
pack now it fills up those dashes
underneath my health bar what do those
dash is underneath my health bar mean if
anyone in chat knows the answer to that
let me know I still haven't figured that
out
rich hasn't even watched enterprise he's
no fan now that just makes me a fan with
taste boom difference between fan and
fanboy ha ha ha rich speaks the truth
punch back Jackson hey Jack yep
speaking of coffee coffee what is your
take on max time between roasting and
drinking or buying and drinking also
I've heard you should not freeze your
beans but should freeze pre-ground agree
roasted beans actually last a generally
long time like I've read and and my my
cousin actually works for a bean buyer
he works for the company that buys beans
from farms and sells them to Roasters
and according to him who I trust as
that's what he does for work
he says roasted beans can last months
unfrozen unrefrigerated so that's not a
big problem from and for me like I
always grind right before I brew so
ground coffee I can only assume last
just as long but I I don't know anything
about ground coffee as I just have whole
bean but months it can last months in
bean form if you've never watched enter
if you haven't watched enterprise how do
you know it's bad I've seen four
episodes how many times do I have to cut
my foot before I can realize that
walking on glass is bad it'll at least
20 nobodies 20 do I have to do I have to
try and step on every fucking jagged
shard I'm with you hey is anyone able to
answer my - question my health bar -
question oh you get extra health if you
get all the way up you eat if you eat
health packs yeah when you're helpless
full you get an extra orange bar on the
four right once you get five you get
like an extra 10% health oh that's what
I needs enough thank you
because yeah there's two here and I'm at
100 so great great four episodes was
that enough for Deep Space nine and
Voyager Deep Space nine is good I've
watched all of it Voyager is bad but
nowhere near as bad as Enterprise was
I've heard nothing but bad things about
enterprise and I enjoy Scott Bakula in
general and I've heard nothing but bad
things about enterprise
you watch the same amount of episodes as
Jack watched a farce - boom
Jack Jack what yeah yeah how often have
I nagged you to watch Farscape since
then almost never got zero times like
zero like you felt brought it up like
just a joke that I didn't care for it
yeah yes agree with the reasons why I
didn't care for but yeah no you've never
liked then insisted that I watch it okay
cuz you know what you felt that I gave
it a shot and it was my thing and you're
respectful of my tastes
thank you for that rich because remember
people just just because you want us to
like something doesn't mean we will and
the more times you ask us to like it or
the more reasons you give us to like it
won't necessarily work sometimes it has
the opposite effect first four episodes
of TNG include code of honor the African
Planet episode this is why I told people
to started season 3 though I never tell
anybody to start T&G; with season 1 huh
this is not a thing that has happened I
think that what they're trying to do
there say but you made it that far in
TNG right look I haven't shit I haven't
I haven't had enough people tell me that
Enterprise gets really gets really good
nobody really says that it's like a few
like a handful of people that say oh no
it started getting good right when it
got canceled and Malaka that's hardly a
ringing endorsement
season TNG season one and two are just
bad season two has some of the best TNG
episodes ever season two is it's either
really good or really bad season two has
fucking measure of a man that is like
that is arguably one of the best TNG
episodes ever the the data court case
like to see a high school how's it
greater that's a great upset that season
turning upside okay well boom there you
go
Oh season two the one with the Klingon
ship to the the archer exchange programs
like around the Klingon ship that season
two that's one that I cited as a good
one from season one but apparently that
season two yeah yeah that's a great
episode great episode oh I get to play a
game again rich what's a really bad TNG
season 2 episode the clip show the clip
episode of season 2 I forget what it's
called
okay we're gonna see if we can figure
out how to strafe season two has the
other doctor oh we're not getting into
this I like the other doctor more than
crusher I hated crusher I'm sad they
didn't stick with Pulaski anyone anyone
know how to strafe I don't know how to
strafe
anyone know how to strafe and strafe
payment
why does rich hate redheads I like
redheads I just I don't like crusher
there's a difference
dream son I I i used all of the dreams I
was being a little snooty about my
little Chuck if Jack was on an actual
keyboard he could try more things I
tried all of the buttons that I use in
the real game to strafe in the game with
him again yeah and none of them seem to
be working it has the buttons on this
thing bound the keys you use in the game
right so like I got my jump I got my
action I got my use and you know I got I
have all the buttons I need to use in
the game on this and my mouse so try not
to be so snide motherfucker or do be
snide then I'll just be snide back and
that'll be fine to really just doesn't
matter blue Oh blue key so I got blue
door recently saw Star Trek generations
is the show as bad and boring as that
film hahaha no no the people in the chat
will give you a list of some good TNG
episodes to watch and there are a lot of
them the the aforementioned measure of a
man um who watches the Watchers is great
yep yeah is a good episode there's an
episode ironically enough I think it's
just called first contact that's pretty
good oh yeah it's like first contact
from the alien species point of view
it's like they don't have they don't
have splice space fly again like stark
start Starfleet personnel or kind of
like infiltrating there's like
investigate like they're about to
discover war band well we need to find a
way to make contact sure and the entire
story is like told from like one of the
alien astrobiologists as point of view
yes yeah that's a great episode I know
you don't care for much but I I will
stand by Darmok and Jalad attune oh oh
let's find episode what is that oh I
think that's that I think I think I
think that that alien species is the
dumbest fucking people not necessarily
that episode or sure but like that's so
Star Trek where it's like they have this
you know it's not a it's not a problem
of like we need to punch harder
we just need to figure something out
what the fuck are they saying how do we
figure out what they're saying because
they only speak in metaphor it's Gale
man Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra find a
blue door the inner light I don't know
that's a great beginner episode though
what's the inner light AB card lives a
whole life as someone else on another
planet they there's this weird probe
thrinng thing that like sends beam into
his brain
oh yeah might that might not be a good
beginner yeah I'm with you I can be with
you now
yes it's the one with the flute sorry
like see that's the thing about Star
Trek The Next Generation is like you
know the interplanetary travel space
ships lasers robots that's the one with
the flute this is a good show I know I
know but it was just like just saying
yes that's the one with the flute like
just tickled me in a very real way they
didn't need to fly around shooting
everything to have a good sign Ori I
know I love it you know it's another
nice kind of size relatively subdued
episode what they referenced the flute
where Picard gets into a relationship
with like the new astrophysicist on
board okay they start dating and he
shows her his flute
hey hey babe that's like this whole
ethical thing like the captain's dating
one of the personnel oh sure sure I
can't remember what that one's called
that's it's it's nothing epic happens in
it it's an episode about parting it has
some nice dates with a woman and then
and then right it's just it's just about
like the relationship of a commander and
who their commanding yeah hey baby check
out my flute
I now take that
so there's a ton of good TNG episodes
out there and generations is crap don't
take that as a good example of what TNG
is none of the movies all right none of
the movies don't take that as canon
right
none of the movies are representative of
what that show was we're starting to
juggle it all we're starting to get some
start and get some frame rate
what's the episode with Picard day when
the kids make Picard dolls that was them
that was the disaster episode were like
there was a problem and the ship was
crippled and Picard was stranded in the
elevator with the kids and there's
something something horrible going on
like different parts of the ship because
they're just trying to figure out what
the fuck happened and how to fix it oh
yeah I remember for guarding the kids I
don't know the dolls well they just did
this Picard day they did like drawings
of him and whatnot
I don't remember that part he was very
uncomfortable with it as he should be he
does not care for children this is just
called disaster yeah I guess it's an
adequate name it's a it's an accurate
name yeah our frame rate is dropping
yeah what's what is going on there I
don't know and I'm not a big fan of it
I'll tell you why I'd say we started the
game then you're gonna lose your
progress oh yeah no I'm not I'm not
going to restart the game unless it gets
really bad but interest I have not had
this happen well and you know of course
games react differently as far as OBS is
concerned let's see if the sometimes the
robot does the Macarena
nope huh any just need to wait for this
level to get on with oh god this is this
this is gonna be hard to play actually
yeah yeah hold on what's up let's uh go
to full options here let's just try it
yeah let's drop that down
let's drop that down to 7:20 and and see
if that helps yeah
you
whoa come on what about that shitty
episode with Wesley playing a video game
and having a boner for a crew member
that crew member was a far better
character than Wesley was and I'm sorry
she didn't show up more right oh oh you
didn't you didn't notice that I didn't
know there's a gender slider they run
with it yeah yeah I think that sounds
more like me is that one that probably
sounds the most like me haha that's
funny that's funny um
oh no rich this is this is a real issue
here you might have to do a restore Oh
like and I don't think I'm having it
like a particularly good run or anything
it's just just just close out the game
and restart again
oh no well you know what I will just go
to debt well just we'll see if I can
we'll see you know like back in the day
trying to watch scrambled porn if you if
you time it just right you can see
something I am Chester's is Jack and
rich yep what are your thoughts on why
they don't make many deep contemplative
sci-fi movies anymore or even space
opera stuff outside of Marvel's Star
Wars also rich have you seen the thing
and that's in thing yep I'm sorry maybe
you missed out on a rival this nominated
for Best Picture last year slow
contemplative big heady sci-fi that was
awesome
and you say not much space hopper stuff
outside of Marv
Star Wars you do realize Marvel / Star
Wars now accounts for half of all movies
released right look at this look at this
everybody oh god oh my god this is awful
that you're seeing this in real time I'm
just gonna go until I die now I can't I
am again because just quit the whole
game out yeah restart aah that's
upsetting that's upsetting this is yeah
that part was absolutely unplayable that
that's actually really upsetting but we
are also streaming and that you you know
OBS and in gaming sometimes can cause a
problem I've had no problems at home
I've very nice game to come to PC though
yeah this is a very nice gaming PC yes
but oh yes but OBS we're gonna try again
but uh listen arrival was great and like
words said light it's it's funny how
you're like besides all of these things
we have none of this thing but I mean
like besides all of these things rich
what was the last slow science fiction
movie before a rival slow science
fiction wasn't there wasn't an action
movie anything in between a rival and
contact oh I'm sure I'm sure that wasn't
an action or a Whore yeah gravity
gravity he saw gravity right yeah and it
barely falls into science fiction you
know they were they were visit they were
incredibly accurate
wait wait wait that's not science
fiction that's just science that's like
what if there was disaster on the space
station right with this pit yeah it was
scientific it was a fictional situation
that was based on science on what we
think would accurately
happened based on scientific evidence a
science fiction it doesn't it we're not
talking it doesn't need alien was any
movie that involved like a car in like
the night 19-teens hey uh-oh Adam Adam
eglee moon ex machina oh you guys are
great children of men these are all
fantastic movies ex machina okay
okay I wasn't I wasn't saying Jack was
wrong I'm just I was trying to list the
way we're out when was the last check I
say look at this jackass our own
Jackie's technically I I am Technic just
because it doesn't have aliens or
doesn't take place on another planet let
gravity counts as no it's not gravity
accounts a science with 100% wrong it
counts I am technically correct Oh
district nine the Martian sea but then
the Martian by your standards wouldn't
count a science fiction either right
they have says anyone been to Mars no
but it's it's it's like Oh barely
science fiction maybe no I think you
guys are crazy
I think you guys are crazy you need more
than just their space I don't think you
do you need an extrapolation of what
science might bring us in the future
hmm we can just disagree on this what
could be possible through science but is
not yet I think the district nine
Elysium serenity so basically these slow
science fiction movies are all over the
place yeah okay well oh and you know
like some of them like they were saying
like Elysium is more that's more like
space action stuff
serenity space action stuff but I guess
like the the point that the chat is
making but like moon is a great example
of a slow burn atmospheric science
fiction you saw moon oh no I had down
you should I should say I don't
bizarrely enough I don't see that many
movies these days I know I know it's
weird the science needs to be fictional
I like it if gravity is sci-fi that
involves science is the the the Steven
Hawkings biopic is that science-fiction
in your book Jack well it's a biopic
that's a whole different thing like I
said like I said if he does science Jack
if you consider the Martian sci-fi I
think you'll have to also consider
gravity to be safe I know the Martian is
just actually done other things but
that's just a the Marsha a nice step
ahead of where we are scientifically ah
in grev that tiny step is enough for it
to be science fiction this you know what
this might be splitting hairs this might
be splitting hairs but I guess I
considered gravity to be a science
fiction as they were dealing with a
fictional situation using the best known
science like no one has ever been stuck
outside for that long of a period of
time and so it is theoretical science
right Christ splitting I'm I am I'm
splitting hairs next you're gonna tell
me that like commando with science
fiction at the time technically you
could do all these things you know yeah
okay no no I am the physics of the
bullets I understand that science to be
science fiction in general like we
needed a space thing or we need an alien
thing or we need a technology thing
right there we go now we're running
something it needs to be a technology we
don't have yet hmm
richness riches fucking fascist in the
way he defines genre no I just like
definitions of words to mean something
well I'm and you know I think this is an
important distinction as all of us who
do like sci-fi where it's like what
counts
you know and I think I might be being a
little I well I think both rich and I
are being a little hyper picky because
it's all you know it's all grey areas
but rich lunk head it's called hard
sci-fi no that would be the Martian the
Martian would be hard sci-fi the gravity
would just be science a fictional story
gravity would be red uses pre-existing
science so it's not science fiction it's
fictional science hard sciences is very
plausible science okay then you get
something like Star Trek where you know
the pulling shit out of their ass their
initial dampeners sure but it hasn't
been compensator that's soft science
fiction but that's the science fiction
that still has their science rules like
they have they have rules based off of
their face that's not hard science right
right oh no I'm agreeing with you I'm
just trying to hammer down the
definitions as far as like the
difference between that and something
that's more fantasy like like a Star
Wars which is still technically science
fiction even though it's more fantasy
where does science fantasy come in Star
Wars
you got wizards and and magic right and
well that's that's the difference is
like in in Star Trek they go over the
fictional science yeah
it's fictional science but it's
consistent rules and Star Wars the rules
aren't consistent because there are no
rules because it's fantasy they're not
important right the science fiction
aspects of Star Wars are unimportant use
the tools
right here's the forest in some bullshit
get into a laser battle that's what's
important Luke so the laser battle we
don't care how those laser battles work
what the fuck is in a lightsaber now
that's important
Bladerunner 2049 is a work of pure
fiction
well 2049 is there's a label for it like
retro sci-fi okay like like the Atari
ads you know when they made Blade Runner
in the you know an Atari ad floating
around was plausible right right right
I'm with you know it's it's it's
outdated but they want to keep it
consistent in the universe that's got a
names like retro sci-fi sure sure like
the resolution unlike the text on your
computer monitors and the original like
you'd have HD and touchscreens now right
so it's an outdated speculation but the
future is gonna look like and that's got
a name I forget what it is like retro
sci-fi or something okay all right right
like what they're doing with all of the
or what I'm sure they're going to do
with alien covenant and like what they
did with alien isolation isolation yeah
yeah yeah where the have they they still
have the old like 8-track players right
right to keep it consistent with their
futuristic universe
shit retro sci-fi sounds like apologies
and that's neat but your sci-fi can be
fun somebody wants to make a cheesy
Flash Gordon movie that's actually got
like rocket shape ships with like rocket
trills on around yeah I'd be I'd be done
with that yeah there's nothing wrong
with that you know what that is fun fuck
fuck fuck fuck right there it is all
your antennas have like hoops floating
around them
where we at
rewind shack says right um message about
this being split up SIPP says I've seen
things you hack frauds wouldn't believe
that grandma's house on fire off the
shoulder of Milwaukee
I watched pizza bears I watched pizza
bears glitter in the dark near the
showbiz gate all those moments will be
lost in time like aids in the rain
that's the time to die that's your
audition for that provider I get it
please read in Rutger Hauer voice well
you shouldn't put that at the end this
is the editor for second person secondly
I I don't have a Rutger Hauer
impersonation I'm trying to even think
of what Rutger Hauer voice is praise
dad's son bro says here's to another
rainy day in Milwaukee I love watching
you fuckface hack frauds play video
games keep it up you fuckface hack
frauds shit just the keyboard we don't
need that I can type in all lwas as
Indies Shango Hyde 1897 says thank you
for indulging my nonsense rich and
Jaclyn's you guys are the best I tweeted
the flyer at you guys few days ago if
you're curious I know you're not yes
it's just a digital fly out for the band
oh sure oh sure
uncanny banannie says mr. rich Evans are
you the prop master of rlm I work on and
and deal with prompts a lot but there is
no official prop master designation if
it would belong to anyone it would
belong to you well wait if we need
something built usually Mike and J are
going to be too busy editing to work on
that shit right and Richard rich knows
his way around a tool bench farming
crisis it's rich I'm sure you've
answered this before but what is your
favorite episode of TNG mine is season 3
episode 2 the instance of command who
watches the Watchers it's the best the
best of the best
it's the ones the episode I should say
what it is cuz people don't necessarily
know that I watch TNG there they're
observing a primitive culture that knows
nothing of space travel or aliens
they're just there walking around with a
carts and their bows and arrows yeah
they're not they're not cave people
protists but they're like you know yeah
old agricultural brand and the little
the little bunker that Starfleet's kind
of hiding and to observe these people
has a has a malfunction and these
primitive people see this like
futuristic space base materialized
before their eyes briefly and so because
they see Captain Picard you know walk
around the enterprise they they start to
think that Captain Picard is God well
well and one of one of the primitive
people gets injured yeah and they decide
to beam that primitive person up to the
enterprise to cure their wounds and so
they they then return they get a vision
of Picard yeah
and they return to their home planet all
of their wounds completely cured to say
the car brought me back from the dead so
Picard must be must be God yep and
Picard's dealing with this conundrum he
doesn't
he doesn't want people worship he
doesn't want to instill a false belief
in nonsense and he's got to deal with
this problem and it's a fantastic
episode that it is that it is because
you know they're not supposed to reveal
themselves to primitive people prime
directive prime directive but by not
revealing themselves I mean like the
interjection was also a mistake right
like well they should have done they
should not have done that read was
against it right somebody I think
crusher crusher Oh crusher took it upon
herself to beam this wounded alien Taub
fucking crusher right fucking crusher
you're not supposed to do that but of
course in crushers defends Pulaski would
have done that shit in crushers defense
it was their technology that caused the
problem yep and so crusher said we
caused this person to get injured we
need to fix that Oh crusher
but oh no it's a great episode about and
you know like and a lot of it just has
to do with like belief structure and
religious themes because like they
didn't start praying to Picard and when
Picard doesn't answer them because of
course you can't he's on the ship they
start to interpret what Picard wants and
it goes down this dark path really
fuckin quickly it's been gentle it's a
great episode it's it's a great little
little allegory for okay are you good no
you do the because you're doing the
martini shaker again is that I got I got
a lot of mock arenas my first time the
robot does the Macarena
they are 77 says hey guys wondering if
either of you are fans of alternate
history fatherland most highly
recommended man in the high castle etc
carry on you magnificent bastards
I really enjoyed season one of man in
the high castle and then it took too
long for them to make season two so I
completely forgot who all the characters
were and what they were doing so then in
watching season 2 of man in the high
castle I forgot everything and I didn't
feel like going back to rewatching
season Oh my problem of man in the high
castle was every single character was
unlikable
yeah well that's part of what I liked
about it is like oh good everybody's an
asshole it's an interesting it was an
interesting concept though and I have
nothing against the idea of an alternate
history right story what what with what
was that did you find some kind of
Easter egg was that in the game that was
in the game
what happened
huh you may have found some kind of
easter egg
I go did you accidentally click like the
use button on that robot no I don't
think so you guys heard that too right
can someone make that a clip yeah make
that a clip
anyone can make like a 30-second clip Oh
anyone can yeah anyway well like oh but
only 30 seconds okay
someone make a clip of that and give
that a little WTF cuz what was that I
just want to hear what he said if we can
we were gibbering over it but I think
did the robot say something I'm assuming
it was the robot I have no idea what
happened how strange how very strange
madam says Blade Runner has seven
murders and two rapes the first two
hours of TNG has zero murders and zero
rapes ah
how's that for exciting also
congratulations for getting the lead in
Blade Runner rich it's gonna be great
somebody's gonna have to explain to me
why the Blade Runner is not boring yeah
it's it's all the reasons why you want
to like it and it's and it's visually
striking it's not boring because it's a
it's and it's interesting themes and a
mystery and it's a cool world and so you
get to see all the technologies you're
shown to interesting themes but all I
remember is like half an hour of
Harrison Ford zooming into a Polaroid
yeah enhance enhance right it's but but
what that gives us is like so like it's
this retro tech it's like interesting
tech to look at and he is doing
something and he goes and talk to
someone and then he sexually assault
someone right yeah it's it's a whole big
thing it's the themes the the world and
the cinematography is the only way you
know look I totally get the style of
Blade Runner yeah
it's a fine movie to take visual
inspiration from uh-huh
I don't I don't think it deals with the
subject matter and any kind of
interesting way though well doesn't it
doesn't really deal with the subject
matter it just lays it all out there
does not give you it which is
masturbates over its style from our but
know it get it it allows also
atmospheric oh and you know what I I'm
gonna say this and I'm gonna regret it
as soon as I said it lets the audience
come up with their own and disposition
low boring conversation is so
atmospheric it is it is rich I fucking
hate it it's great I've tried
I have tried like four different times
in my life to watch the Blade Runner
I've tried to like that movie and I
can't do it and you know what I can be
with a rich I can be with you I have
never made it through a full viewing of
Blade Runner not a saint not once I love
it I love it I love it I love it and I
can't not love it
I love it and I can't not love it
which version well first couple of times
I tried there were no other versions of
a theatrical cut when the directors
version came out I think I tried
watching that no go and those like a the
fourth director's cut no go I I do not
like that movie I'm sorry it's beautiful
and rich I will not I will not push you
on the Blade Runner it's a great setting
I wish they did something with it
it's such a good sitting it is it is
yeah he gets full credit for that
back
they had done something with it wouldn't
be Bladerunner then Blade Runner is a
shitty boring movie I'm sorry no it's
not that either
listen it's it's not often where a movie
where the audience brings their own
interpretation is a good thing in fact
it's very rare that that is a good thing
but Blade Runner is the exception to the
rule because it's dealing with themes of
humanity and what makes us human it is
up for the it is up to the audience to
make their own decision yeah but yeah a
wile asses thanks for the oli thanks for
all the hour of entertainment Vanquish
coming up the day I'll be back from a
vacation to Japan
can't wait for the extravaganza stream
huh huh huh that's Sunday too right and
is it coming out to Sunday I have no
idea I have no idea rich no
shag Ahad 1897 says hey red shit any of
you guys big fans of the newer
Battlestar Galactica series thanks again
yeah I liked it I dug it
I heard the end was crap I never started
watched it because of that night yeah
it's gonna be a letdown the end like why
get invested because all the rest of it
is so good the end the very ending like
the way they wrap it up is total crap
yeah everything leading up to that
though is very good it's a very good
show
besides the ending which which I will
just I'll agree its total garbage
Deckard is a replicant who overcame his
limitation you don't even know these are
replicant y'all whoever implications
bring your own interpretation shit
didn't take then bring your own
interpretation and shove it straight up
your ass it's it's the it's one of the
few times that that works and I will not
shove it up my own ass as I don't think
that would be very comfortable I heard
that
there you are
well you give Blade Runner the final cut
another shot of Jack gives Farscape
another shot
I've given Blade Runner like four or
five chances throughout my life quite
frankly I don't care if Jack gives
Farscape another shot
no and rich does not have to watch Blade
Runner if he doesn't want to I I respect
Rich's taste enough not to force him to
watch Blade Runner even though I
disagree with him which is really mad
that people like above I'm mad that
people can't deal with the fact that I
don't that's what I get mad about it's
surprising it's a brand and you've
admitted that it's surprising because of
all the because of all of it the
elements are there right so it's like
you can't be shocked that people are
shocked because you understand what air
Harrison Ford miss prime yeah pre what
was I was a Ridley Scott before
Prometheus oh yeah Shawn Shawn young
Rutger Hauer Daryl Hannah great seemed
fine to you yes fine fucking talent in
that movie that you have that great
setting these philosophical themes what
is what is human and it just doesn't
work you throw it together at a pot it
doesn't work you throw a pot you just
have Harrison Ford mope around for two
hours that's what you do
uh-huh Oh sounds great
that looks interesting
that's a teleporter we know we don't
like that
let's see what this guy does that might
be a jetpack you know I don't I don't
like it as a game but I think so Bob
handled that subject matter far better
soma soma yeah oh yeah
someone was great from a story
perspective blade burner hard sci-fi
nope
no no blade owners not hard cipher there
is no conceivable design for a flying
car that alone the flying car alone max
blade runner' out of the hard sci-fi
contention let alone your androids
hard sci-fi goes out of its way to not
violate gnomes science like if you're
gonna have a flying car in a hard sci-fi
movie it has to be based on some actual
scientific principles that are floating
around and yes it's very conceivable we
will have this device some time in the
field like some sort of quadcopter as
great Helicon
yeah I can see that the technology
exists kind of now to apply that to some
sort we could have we could have quad
copters quadcopter cars right right some
sort of like self flying quadcopter cars
right so yeah you know what I was just I
was some some someone just re-watched
our our first four hours of Soma today
and was yelling at us for for not liking
it and i was equally snarky back to them
and and they were yelling at us for not
liking the story and I was like no in
fact both rich and I said this would be
a great story as a story as a story that
was in fact our big complaint was we
were interested in the story but the
game sucked yeah like we wanted to read
this story and just not play it because
the playing part was boring did they
even comprehend the things you were
saying no no it's just it was
Gattaca is hard sci-fi them what
happened what all happens in Kanaka well
I think gatok is about cloning so yeah
thank again I've never seen Gattaca uh
it could be Lisa loves the Gattaca
though she's a sci-fi person - she loves
Gattaca uh maybe that's just because of
ethan hawke where huh but I think I
think the Martian counts as hard science
little with the exception of the actual
storm that gets him stranded there in
the first place oh yeah that is
scientifically impossible Mars is too
thin an atmosphere
ah interesting yeah not know that but I
know when he wrote that book he was that
book was like gob slowly written for
free on the web like chapters at a time
and closest people were giving him
feedback and he was changing things as
he went to be more scientifically
accurate
really yes oh that's fun I did not know
that he didn't he didn't originally
charge for it I think he had to charge
for it eventually or they wouldn't put
it on like Amazon or wherever was like
people wanted a book version okay and in
order to get a book version he had to
charge people for it and they started
buying it like crazy oh it was
originally available for like free you
know well the guy who wrote wool also
did that he would write chapters for
free and give them out for free and and
will became an international phenomenon
is this a thing that happens like
authors just write stuff for free I'm so
I I just know that's how the Martian
came about what a great world he charged
a buck the minimum he always has a buck
for the book he had to charge for it oh
that's great yeah that's great
the removal of the narration was an
enormous improvement in my opinion I can
only assume they're talking about the
Blade Runner and I don't know what now
it's just a quiet boring movie yeah I by
the way I I also enjoyed and you lose
that you lose a lot of that that old
hard-boiled warfield
not that it was especially great voice
over anyway but I don't I don't see what
you actually gained more questions okay
you gained more mystery

[Part II]
looking forward to star wars the last
Jedi but I can't help but fear that it
will be incredibly average at best
yep you know what but I bet it'll be fun
sure sure unless it's the devil's gonna
be trying to ape Empire so it won't
it'll be the dark one no I'll be the
moody 100 yeah I mean I I'm making that
noise because I think you're right King
rubbish says hey Jack Knight you said
you're a fan of firearms huh what are
some guns you own and what's the most
fun thing you've fired PS rich wait
outshine Ryan Gosling I will not go into
the guns that I own that is a personal
thing
do you own the ID I own some guns are
they in your house we will we will
this is out thank you better you better
have some Eddie the Eagle tapes lying
around jack they I I have trigger locks
I have gun safes I do not have them for
a home protection I have them just to
shoot for fun there they are not they
are not at my bedside table loaded
they have locks they are in safes they
are there they are safe okay then I got
and they are so the in order for my
children or anyone to get a hold of them
they have to go through so many layers
that it is inconceivable as like I said
I don't have them for home defense I
have them because it's fun to shoot do
you educate your kids on these guns I
will I will when they're all well you
know I I don't think you know all this
is 9 not quite ready like they've been
to the firing range with me before and
like we've gone over safety there of
course but they haven't fired him yet
mostly because they haven't wanted to
mm-hmm they're you know just like I know
no thanks
so um but I have a handgun I have a
handgun that I shoot
what's my favorite thing I've ever shot
there there's two really cool guns that
I got a chance to shoot one was a
semi-automatic 9-millimeter assault
rifle ah it's like a police issued
assault rifle that only shoots
nine-millimeter bullets and
nine-millimeter bullets that you know
are pretty small and they don't have
much pushback and this was in a rifle
format yeah it had a like a laser-guided
scope and so the really neat thing about
it is it do short bursts a good good and
it was so accurate burst I thought
automatic was every semi-automatic was
every finger press was one bullet what's
the one where maybe I'm miss pica I
could be wrong I'm not a gun guy no this
is jus it was a it was ma maybe it was
automatic no it was automatic it was so
little burst little bursts of shots and
because the nine millimeters gave so
little resistance and it had a shoulder
but yeah you were incredibly accurate
even at long distances and like I loved
shooting it just because of how scary it
was like honestly rich like from here
you could hit you could hit something
like but really accurately with a lot of
bullets that was a lot of fun to shoot
and my brother-in-law's
father one day when we went to the range
brought oh I forget what this is called
I want to say it's called like the Rhino
what it is rich it's a revolver that
shoots shotgun shells this is a real
thing that exists it is a revolver that
shoots shotgun shells and the what the
idea is an end and he has it for home
defense because here's what he says and
you know he's a he's a he's a bit older
and you know he's a he's a gun person
and um guns are scary guns are scary but
you have to still aim them so his
thought behind it was listen I need
something that I don't need to worry
about aiming I just want to point in the
general direction and pull the trigger
and have have it spread yeah
and so like that's all it is is that it
is a river
over that shoot shotgun shells and
shooting that thing fucking hurt that's
what you want for home defense exactly
exactly
but of course you don't really because
statistically speaking you are more
likely to shoot a loved one yeah and
which is why I don't use my gun for home
defense I don't intend to because you
are way more statistically likely to
shoot someone that you know a family
member so no I don't like the NRA the
NRA doesn't give a shit about your
constitutional rights they are a
lobbying organization for gun
manufacturers and no one who I shoot
guns with cares for the NRA they're
they're a bunch of jackasses they don't
care they don't care about what the
Second Amendment means they don't care
about educating people to proper gun
usage that's how they started right
there were an educational organization
no no they are a lobbying no no when
they started yeah when they started they
were a lobbying group this whole
Education thing is a byproduct of giving
them a better public standpoint I have
heard when they first started then they
were taken over by the lobbyists oh and
you know what maybe that's true but as
far as long as I've known them they've
been a lobbying group that don't
actually care I'm talking about a long
time ago okay well then that's before my
time
america fuck you jack right you know I
I'm not a gun nuts I just I they're cool
they're fun you know like it's a fun
it's like a toy that can kill someone
but you know the responsibility is
what's important to me and you know the
part the part of the Constitution that a
lot of people forget is is a well
maintained militia a well-regulated
militia has the right to Gary carry arms
and that means training people what does
it matter if they're lobbyists if they
have the same goals that you do they
don't necessarily have the same bill is
there their goal is to sell more guns
like you might be in favor of like
waiting periods and whatnot right
waiting periods and background more
sense of background check things that
the NRA would violently oppose right
like taking into account someone's
mental status you know past crimes that
sort of thing also yeah just making it
harder to get guns in general which i
think is important not a proper
education move away from this hey let's
move away from guns and play this game
where we shoot gun shit dog where's ya
now now we got talking about guns I
forgot where I was going
Chacma rich up says if either of you
seen slash read the expense the show is
amazing and the books are even better
think you both love it Jack this is a
you topic yeah oh I love the experience
i watch the show it's a great show a
really great show sci-fi original that's
you know what that's some good science
fiction right there they take their time
with all the sci-fi stuff oh man
Jack look at look at all those bullet
casings on the ground okay yeah I just
bring that up now that we're not talking
about guns we're not talking about guns
that you can't talk about gun race we
don't want this to get poetic just y'all
don't pay any attention to those bullet
casings and so that's what I'm saying
what I'm saying oh there's that's where
I'm you pointed out so I can tell people
to remember to ignore that thanks rich
oh that was public service you know
where did you come from
monster closet apparently damn it
fucking monster this game should not
have monster clauses in a game where
your health was important there's no big
note there should be no got you up from
behind moments son of a bitch
no that's that's what makes it hard so
I'm ok with it
I want to begin with it is hard to begin
with it I'm ok with the monster closets
I just didn't think I activated one
Justin bour he says I'm sure rich
already knows but I just got an email
saying vanquish is coming to steam for
pre-order we know we talked about it
early on it's already pre-ordered it's
gonna be great thank you and if you
pre-ordered and have bayonetta in your
steam library you get 25% off
let's go neat unexpected bonus
shit
the Ayatollah of rock and roll Isis even
though wrath have come is a great film
did they make a mistake by breaking away
from the motion picture with a more
military style Federation where the
Genesis scientists acted suspicious of
Starfleet's intentions Wow right when
Star Trek says they're not a military
organization I've always got the
impression that they protested too much
they've always had uniforms and they've
always come in to act as like a defense
against alien incursions of some kind I
mean that was a whole freakin Gorn
episode oh yeah so I actually think it's
a little bit appropriate now the
mistrust of Starfleet maybe you got a
point there with the scientist well if
it makes sense if they really are a
military organization yeah a scientist
would mistrust them right we don't want
you shooting your lasers around our
experiment it's not how its
traditionally been displayed
that is not how it's traditionally been
displayed but in them it worked for the
movie portrayed I guess not displayed
whatever same thing it works for the
movie it worked yeah yeah it worked for
come this there are scientist in the
military though
yeah but the particular scientist we're
talking about in Star Trek the Wrath of
Khan were hippies yep mm-hmm
they were hippies trying to grow some
apples in the middle of a planet
anonymous says Jack yeah
I'm highly disappointed in you okay what
the fuck was with that shirt in the band
at a review just Darkrai I expect more
from your shirt list I hope you have
better ones in the horizon dawn on the
horizon dawn fun fact we shot two
episodes that day the day we shot our
Bayonetta review it's not the unused
Giambi we shot it we shot an episode
talking all about the switch and it
turned out to be not very good mostly
because rich didn't care and I don't
have anything to add right well yeah
yeah right you didn't care and so like
it was just a lot of me talking and I
didn't articulate my points terribly
well because I didn't have anyone to
bounce off of so I ended up scrapping it
I was wearing are you blaming me
are you actually blaming me I was
blaming oh wow you didn't care so you
didn't add anything interesting and I
didn't target you you're saying I didn't
care that's not true I just didn't have
anything to add yeah it's not it's a
gimmick yeah I've been saying it's a
gimmick yeah it's a gimmick yeah oh yeah
but that's what you didn't you didn't
even care
here's here's what here's what the
problem that episode well and also rich
the second part of that was I did not
articulate my points very well okay so
it would have been an episode that would
have been all me talking occasionally
cutting too rich to go like this
would've been a really boring I'm not
saying anything I ant I thought was
unreasonable right but you weren't
adding anything and well and you took
the stance of yeah I thought it was
gonna be a gimmick so that's a gimmick
where it's like or you could just say
it's a gimmick I'm gonna mate I'm gonna
do one more run and then I'm gonna hand
this over to rich one more run uncanny
banannie says it's been nice chatting
with you folks one last question for me
yeah are you hoping supreme leader snoke
is an entirely new character or someone
we know thank you and good night
um I think it's gonna end up being
Palpatine's old master that's what I
think
okay so someone we heard about but as
someone we know all right there's not
many other people it could be unless you
rehash palpite like you Palpatine
survived somehow but I don't know
the hologram guy did not hinted
Palpatine to me no and it's not gonna be
Luke everyone's wrong about that people
think it's gonna be Luke people still
think it's gonna be a little calm man I
have no thoughts on the subject of who
Snoke is I don't you know I'll find out
when the movie tells me I don't care to
speculate you want to make it someone
mildly interesting all you really got is
that Darth Plagueis or whoever was
that's all you got
I don't even know who that is Palpatine
is old master he talks about him in
episode three briefly oh that's fine why
I don't know who you're talking about
episode three
I saw someone in the chat asked me
whether or not I thought this game was
fun and the answer is yes I'm really I'm
really enjoying this it's it's very hard
it's a very hard game and like any
roguelike it requires a little bit a
luck and a whole lot of skill but I'm
having a good time I'm having a very
good time playing it so so far I
recommend it I don't have like a ton of
time in it yet but I've been playing it
and enjoying it
none of us says hi guys thanks for all
the entertainment hello I just bought a
used we you to play breath of the wild
since hoot was my favorite game as a kid
first console I've owned in 15 years
Wow what nons Elda game should I check
out how you shit out of luck
yeah we you there's plenty of games in
the Wii U are there Mario maker yeah
Mario maker is like the one all of the
side-scrolling Mario games are super fun
are they all on the Wii U the ones made
for the Wii U like like uh there was new
super mario brothers you yeah and new
super mario brothers on it too and mars
you Marvel is you Mario Brothers a 3d
World
okay sure that's a good one yeah fine
splatoon is fine though everyone's gonna
stop playing it on the Wii U once the
one comes out on the switch so that's
probably bad investment Mario Kart 8 if
you like the mario kart but of course a
lot of people are gonna move over to the
switch I'm sure there's some other games
some seems a trained Elevens yeah he's
trained check yeah did you check out
that Kickstarter for ray guns and rocket
ships I mentioned Sunday what did you
think
yes I did check that out
what did I do I remember it I can't help
you
here's my problem is I specifically
remember checking it out but I don't
remember what came of it hold on ray
guns and rocket ships
oh yeah oh so it's a it's a board game
it's a kick-started it's a kick-started
board game and I I don't have any super
strong opinions on it only because I uh
I went through a board game buying glut
recently and I just can't get any more i
lisa has cut me off she's taking my
credit cards and she has she's
absolutely forbade me from buying any
more board games because I just bought a
whole bunch and a whole bunch that I
kick-started are starting to come and I
I have a problem I have an absolute
problem when it comes to board games I
want them all and it might look good but
I'm gonna wait I'm gonna wait until some
people play it and I hear things about
it before I can buy it okay or else or
else I'm gonna buy it and I might be
disappointed in because I have I have a
real problem I have I have a board game
buying problem frenzy says better call
Saul exclamation point that's a good
joke quite good spin on quite quite good
spin off show from Breaking Bad yeah I
liked it I did not know I wanted to see
the back stories of our characters from
the Bush era uh you guys watching I'm
gonna say no oh I've seen the first
season and I you know as as you may or
may not know I did not care for Breaking
Bad that much but I love better call
Saul Bob Odenkirk plays the the shady
lawyer in Breaking Bad yeah he's the
questionable lawyer that is Walt
Eisenberg's lawyer yeah
and he's all sorts of shady he's Bob
Odenkirk which is great and so this is
it's almost like his origin story of how
he became the shady lawyer okay okay and
it's a fantastic character piece but Bob
Odenkirk is in it and he's America's
Sweetheart as far as
concerning yes he's the greatest michael
so it's a prequel show it's a prequel
sure it was like after the fact none
it's pretty sure michael mckean is that
the guy from spinal tap Michael
oh the old comedian is that his name
Michael
I think it's Michael McKean he's from
spinal tap and all those movies and I'll
know when I see them I'm bad with names
might object bad with names is Bob
Odenkirk a yes Michael McKean Michael
McKean great okay yes um Jack how's
everybody's America's Sweetheart only
when it's true Michael McKean is in it
as Bob Odenkirk older brother yeah who
has this wonderfully quirky character
tick that um that I won't give away just
because so it's it's a fun show it's a
really fun show even if you don't care
about yes Lenny from Lenny and Squiggy
yeah damn name I know you're talking
about though yeah a really fun show even
if you don't necessarily care about
Breaking Bad like I don't fun show chat
I'm I'm not going to be able to see
guardians to until this weekend because
I have to wait till Karen is off of work
and once he sees it we will have a big
ol conversation about yeah
a big old conversation and you know
bye-bye next by Sunday stream that
that's enough time for spoilers and
nonnamous wants to know our opinions on
2001 a Space Odyssey I was too young
when I tried to watch him way too young
yeah yeah to get it yeah
Um, it's a fine movie that I think has some pacing issues.
In seeing it as an adult, it's really slow.
It's really slow and the first half of the movie isn't
necessarily connected to the second half
of the movie which I know is very deliberate, but
it's also a little annoying.
I was upset when I was a kid because I'm
I'm a space movie and they're all these
monkeys running around.
Right well yes
I didn't wanna see monkeys.
Uh, from a, from a cinematography standpoint,
it's beautiful but I think it's really slow.
And it's quite possibly too slow for me.
Seriously can't you fucking sit for a couple of minutes?
I was, like, ten, dick.
Rich, listen, uh, I'm at such a film-ic level,
when I was five, I wrote my first fifth on the implications
of the use of humans in monkey suits in 2001: A Space Odyssey.
If you think about it...
They say they're talking about you.
That you could not sit still for a fucking, a few fucking minutes.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know, no. And I saw recently.
I just saw it, it was at the Milwaukee Film Festival a couple
years ago and me and Jay went to go see
it and who else went to go see it with
us and they were they had a 35 an
original 35-millimeter print and so it
was like the original 35 millimeter the
intermission break as it was originally
intended at the oriental theater and
which is a beautiful theater in
Milwaukee and it was just way slower
than I remembered and I was just like
come on come in nonnamous says you guys
don't like a thing that I like I have
not been validated I cannot sleep until
you validate the thing I like being as
good help you again you know you know
the hell yeah you know that he has
nothing to do with the monolith yeah
this fucks that about like the movie
starts at the monolith right and it like
sparks the monkeys into into using tools
for the first time right and then humans
find the monolith on the moon or some
shit
right and something sparks in the humans
and we go on an inter intergalactic
travel right and then the hell shit is
complete has nothing to do with the
monolith yeah it's like bullshit there's
nothing I can do to help you
I always like as a when I watch it when
I was younger like you know when I was
like watching all of those movies as a
film nerd I had always assumed that the
monolith affected how affected this
artificial intelligence and turned the
artificial intelligence to be critical
of humans and I thought that was like
the story arc of the monolith but how
has nothing to do with the monolith
somebody in the chat wants to know how
far into the game you are okay I think
this is level one this is a roguelike
game yeah roguelike rubelite I don't
know however the fuck you want to say
and I'm lost at the moment means there's
permadeath then you play through it
multiple times
yeah how do I get out of here as also
the levels are procedurally generated
too so it's not like you go through the
same exact layout every time you play it
right yeah and I'm not doing terribly
well this run bad die and restart well
I'm not doing I'm not doing terrible but
just not I'm not killing it
shit shit shit
barrels are not your friend
you think barrels are going to be your
friend but they're not your friend they
kill you more than they help you my rom
says yeah as someone who has never even
heard of Farscape and likes stuff like
fireflies slash Star Wars a lot star
trek not so much how would you sell it
to me that's a new rich um group of uh
wanted space criminals not really
criminals is like this like no political
criminals kind of on the run from the
space law and insert and terribly
likable charismatic protagonist who's
from modern-day earth he's a fish out of
water in this bizarre alien environment
I know you kept on saying like the first
guardians was very far escape yeah yeah
guardians had a very Farscape vibe to it
these kind of all misfit characters yeah
so if you like scarred into the galaxy
you'll probably like us kind of forced
to get be together just cuz you know
they're criminals they're on the run the
same people some great chemistry between
the two romantic leagues and a horribly
charismatic main character that's a good
sales pitch rich
it's fine sales pitch
ha
yes yes there was a puppet main
character and it's wonderful because
it's not a shitty CGI effect and it's
not so got a horrible forehead makeup
hahahaha that's true
there is a puppet main character yes
yeah Peter yeah John Crichton the main
character of Farscape is like Peter
quill from guardians if Peter quill were
intelligent ah Xing it's absolutely true
I agree because john crichton he's
always coming up with some kind of
clever ass way out of situations and
they don't always work that's the fun
thing sometimes he tries the clever
thing that it fails horribly
yeah that was all level 1 1 point 1 i
liked the blue lady the second one says
so yeah she was neat
Crichton was an astronaut yeah no I
strongly suspect that guardians is
knowingly ripping off Farscape
you think to some degree yeah the
question is knowingly and then by the
time you get to Farscape season two the
villain is really good the villain
through season one is kind of lame okay
once once you get to the end of season
one they introduce that and kind of a a
new main bad guy who's far more
interesting and sinister guardians of
the galaxy is from the 70s yes but the
version you saw on the movie is not the
version that existed in the 70s right
and the version that existed in the
movie is nothing like the comic that
existed in that's from like the 2000
something right they rebooted the comic
guess I'd talk about Harvey and Farscape
chat that's spoiler territory you have a
ship of outlaws on the run so you can't
have like the main villain who's looking
for them in every episode right they
found a clever way around that though a
very clever way around that which I'm I
won't spoil they were rocket launcher
what is our approach to spoilers it's a
new release we try to avoid talking
about it to give people time to see it
that's the other reason even if I had
seen guardians - yeah which I've not
been able to it'll be this weekend we
would not be talking about it
yeah then like normally what we do is
try to hold off all conversation until
like an hourish before we're going to
end the stream and then say okay from
here on out yeah anything goes anything
goes anything goes and so then if anyone
hasn't seen it
so that's probable due on Sunday after
which gets a chance to watch guardians
to Israel will say okay you know at this
point we will be talking about spoilers
so all ye be warned crichton goes a
little mad because he's thrust into mad
circumstances it works yes John Crichton
changes he's a very different John
Crichton from season 1 to season 4
interesting first season hey he goes out
of his way not the you know not to not
to murder is my murder that erodes I
want that erodes oh that erodes it has
to cuz he gets into situations that are
crazy
yet John Crichton and Aeryn Sun two of
the main characters from Farscape they
kind of by the time the show ends they
kind of end up taking on the best
characteristics of either character okay
like she was raised in the military so
she's a hard-ass and John Crichton is
just kind of thinking nice compassionate
man and you know she gets she gets a
little bit of his compassion by the time
the series ends and it becomes like
learns to be a hard-ass from her by the
time the series ends they take the best
from each other Jack that's pretty rich
that's great rich that sounds you know
what that that sounds swell what son of
a bitch
so no bitch come on
anonymous says Jack I don't mean to harp
but watch Patriot already some Amazon
Prime original and it's beautiful and
perfect it's free you fuck if you have
Amazon Prime okay okay how hard it says
good evening hi
my wife is having twins and have
searched for some good baby names this
idiotic question actually could help us
rich
excuse me some of you what by dick as a
child when why change to rich um I
honestly don't remember when this
transition happened I would presume it
just happened around high school age and
I don't remember any of these
circumstances around this like by the
time you started to realize dick was
something else like it you transition to
rich I don't even know if that was it
was it dude you remember if it was your
doing or like just the people around you
probably the people around me sure yeah
sure nice but my uncle I love my uncle
he's dead now but he went by dick is
whole life right it's a name yeah it's a
name yeah but a lot of people have hmm
if anything I would have changed it just
to not be is associated with that like
that's his name man well maybe that's
worth a change that could be I don't I
honestly don't remember hmm
for if you have it well and here's you
know here's the thing about patriot and
Amazon Prime
there's this weird thing with Amazon
Prime and Apple we're like I have an
Apple TV that's what I use to like watch
Netflix and YouTube and all the stuff
that I watch on my TV I watched through
an Apple TV but the Apple TV does not
have an Amazon video app hmm because
Apple and Amazon butted heads a while
back and Apple didn't want a competitor
to their iTunes Store and then Amazon
said well fine fuck you we're not going
to sell your Apple products on Amazon
and so they didn't get along for a while
very soon we will get an Amazon Prime
video app on the Apple TV and so I
actually like I don't really even think
to watch a lot of Amazon video because
I'd have to like turn it on on my phone
and send it to my TV that way it's not
just part of my TV ecosystem so that's
probably why I haven't gotten around to
it is because like I don't see it when I
turn on the TV and search for stuff you
know mmm I'm sure I'll like it they're
gonna they're going to get rid of that
soon they have finally made peace with
each other it's been frustrating for
those of us who enjoy Apple products and
also really like Amazon it's it's it's
oh it's been hard it's been tough it's
been a tough road rich yep it is your
turn
okay it is your turn man what time is it
how much longer we even get go honestly
oh maybe another half hour hour sure
Amazon Prime also doesn't play well with
Chrome how do you have this bound uh if
you got your mouse is different than
mine and I don't use this thing okay so
the big flapper is jump big flapper big
flappers jump and the little flappers
use item this is nothing and that's
nothing uh and then for that obviously
like I'm not jumping huh I'm not jumping
can I see oh my god is that off it's
because it's off its turn okay okay
and then mouse you know right and left
click obviously and then the the
interact with stuff is this top that one
is top one real oh it is the one
underneath it and then map and items are
the other two buttons but and if you
want to get your mouse set up with your
own coin it's got a coin rich so in any
case I I'm sure I will get around to a
lot of Amazon Prime stuff that I have
missed as soon as it comes Apple TV and
then I can just turn on my TV and and
have it all honestly I like I forget
about all of the really good movies that
are on Amazon Prime all the time just
because it's not on my it's not on my TV
which is a shame it's a darn shame but
hopefully the the the problem will be
resolved shortly
thanks anonymous what are your opinions
on wireless headphones I love them fine
I love wireless headphones they you know
it's a hassle to remember to charge him
but I I live with a woman so headphones
are a vital important part of my life
absolutely absolutely I have I have two
pairs of wireless headphones I have a
cans like big over ear cans so people
can't oh you prick here rich shriek
while I'm editing and so I don't get
distracted while I'm editing - serves
two purposes and then I have kind of
in-ear wireless headphones that are just
more for like if I'm mowing the lawn or
something you know yeah we're out in a
bike ride oh you prick I hate those
little robots mm-hmm is the patch just
gonna take those robots out of the early
levels no I think it's it's gonna I
think it's gonna buff your hell and uh I
don't know what its gonna do these these
this first like this first stage is a
killer though is and I like I I will
have to say like it actually smooths out
a lot after this it's just a really
rough first stage like I almost I almost
felt the other stuff yesterday shoes
were easy but I mean I also had a lot of
cool power-ups I got the coolest machine
gun powerup that I didn't get any of
these runs which is a your bullets turn
into little missiles that explode that
was great
to see the latest fly oh did I see the
latest slash yeah yes I saw the flash it
was revealed who saboteurs and wow that
was the the lamest the lamest ever I
don't know if anyone cares about
spoilers I know rich doesn't for flash
but if you care about spoilers for the
CW flash show stop watching now I'll
wave my hands again when when I'm done
talking about spoilers but so the main
villain this season has been Savitt are
who calls himself the god of speed whoa
whoa whoa you're my map yeah and he's
from the future and he seems to know a
lot about the flash and his god I keep
going hit the secondary and I hit your
your stupid map button Jack bull what
Zoo secondary is just right click man
what are you my mouse my finger was
naturally lying too close to that guy um
and so then it was a big who who is it
who's the bad guy he's from the future
but he knows flash who is it is it going
to be his turn I'm gonna turn out to be
Kid Flash and he took his training too
far and turned to the bad side is it
gonna be like someone who disappeared
two seasons ago and and finally came
back for revenge
right who's who's avatar gonna be and
you know who it is rich it's Barry Allen
from the future oh but not like a recent
future like a farther away future and so
this season we've actually seen Barry
from four different timelines and it's
super lame do you not have escaped bound
anything oh my god oh yeah the the
little button on top yeah we're starting
on Supergirl
so anyway we're done with spoilers now
so so I thought I finally saw the flat
yeah the reveal of saffat are and it's
super lame ah yeah yeah what are you
gonna do
but you know still still good and
everybody's charming and and it's still
a goofy fun show that was weird
usually usually enemies are like in that
first hallway but uh yeah got up on that
caught up on arrow caught up on
Supergirl
took some time caught up on my stories
oh man long hair emo Barry was the worst
Barry ran into the future to talk to his
future self to try to figure out who
sabotage
in the future Barry was really depressed
and so they pulled us they went full
spider-man free and gave him just like
black emo hair to show that he was sad
it was Oh
like it was the worst ah my my love for
teenage drama shows are not erotic
dreamer TK am i you know my kids might
like some of them I don't know I don't
know if it'll deter them or not they
might think of them as like stupid dad
shows but it'll be fine
I don't really get this game just from
watching the last few well but like so
King Tut says why did you restart I
don't really get this game just from
watching the last advance start so the
you know the help is not plentiful
health is not plentiful it's a roguelike
which means you only have one life to
make it all the way to the end and I'm
not used to Jack's Mouse you put you I'm
not your mouse right there I might
switch it up so if you just kind of
start with a shit run and you're really
low on health on this first day yeah I'm
going to switch it up yeah so good
effort if you're really low in health on
the first stage sometimes the best
option is just to say fuck it and start
over and this is what a lot of the game
is is just kind of figuring out the flow
and the rhythm that's any roguelike we
have a bad first sector in FTL right
right it's like having a bad a bad first
sector and anything or you know you play
Isaac and you get some shit items in the
first couple of rooms and you're you're
on half a heart and you just say fuck it
we're starting over we're rolling we're
rolling the dice so we have
so it's a roguelike you will be playing
this area a whole bunch just to get the
flow of the game which is super
important what it was oh I don't know if
we have one maybe I'm not using this
you're known shown my Chuck but my Chuck
Chuck so you know the gait of the game
is a roguelike which means one of the
random elements of the game so you've
probably noticed with a lot of me
playing you can tell a lot of the rooms
are the same and so they have these
similar rooms in in different locations
in the map enemy placement is random
pickups are random power-ups are random
health is random and wroom wroom lay a
room layout is the same but room
arrangement is different if that makes
any sense so like you'll see like room
ABCD and then you'll see room cbda that
sort of thing and then also like you
know there are shops which have random
items and and that type of thing so it's
it's not like full dice roll but it's
different it's different every time you
play it yeah
Orchard thief says I lost enough weight
to cross my leg as like Jack does now
I'm proud of that we all got to be proud
of something
so so far I'm really liking it it like
we've discussed already it's it's more
roguelike than quake like what happened
there uh one of those guys fell aren't
exploding barrel I took a lot of damage
right out of the fucking gate purple
purple storoe says rich and Jackie I saw
this thingy on Twitter that you might be
guests on the super best friends podcast
soon is this true that makes me
extremely happy we someone mentioned to
super best friends that they would like
me and rich on the show and super best
friends said that they would love to do
that so we've been talking on Twitter a
little back and forth me and super best
friends why are sucks so much why do I
suck so much Jack that's that is only as
a question you can you only you can
answer so we're waiting to that is so
basically super best friend said that
yes they would love to have rich and I
on the show and I've been in contact
with them we haven't figured out a date
and like also I don't really know who
the super best friends are and so I was
evil rapper right no yeah are they one
of them is evil Raptor super best
friends is that was that him I been
wrong before but I'm pretty sure is oh
that would be neat that's not the one I
was talking to on Twitter so that would
be great
of you know so they do like a regular
podcast or whatnot so I just said hey
well what do you guys talk about do you
want rich I have to talk about something
specific or is it you just want us to
jibber so like they just River okay
great
oh they're saying it's not eager after
egoraptor is game grumps oh oh I think
you're talking about game grumps super
best friend oh okay okay
do you know whose is super best friends
are I don't know who a lot of people are
Jack Graydon I just know that egoraptor
is on the game grumps I don't ah I don't
know much I don't know much
gay game grandma I've heard of I've
heard of them both him no game not
terribly familiar with either game
grumps is the egoraptor and the jontron
and super best friends is I don't know
uh we're gonna be on the show well well
yeah they seem to Liz seem like nice
dude I don't know why you know what my
policy is rich I will talk to anyone any
time and they asked for you to come
along to sighs yeah sure I'll bring rich
you know you got Mike rich do it movie
fine um so we're just working out
scheduling now but yes hopefully
sometime in the future we'll be on the
super best friends podcast cast which
will be fun as we enjoy talking to
people well like I said I enjoy talking
to people and rich will be there too I
hate all of humanity I know I know you
do rich but sometimes I force you to do
things that I think are good for us to
do and sometimes you come along with me
and I'm better to do good John John is
he not on game grumps anymore I don't
fuckin know his game grumps still a
thing I listen I don't know I don't want
i don't watch many of those types of
shows so or any of those types of shows
to be honest so i remember when they
started a while back because i I watched
both you know egoraptor did his
animations and his sequel itis --is and
jontron did funny video game videos
and then they said hey we're doing a
show together and I watched a couple
episodes and I thought it was vine Joe
but I didn't have time to keep watching
so oh yeah those little those little
best guaranteed damage strafe you got a
strafe you got a straight for it you got
strafe harder um so that's all I know
about the game grumps but you guys seem
to think that these super best friends
are cool dudes so I'm excited about the
super best friends let's see here Misha
cuts 1979 says hey guys love the channel
looking for some good books to read this
summer any all-time favorite novels or
books series that you guys would
recommend well if you haven't read the
expanse the expanse is supposed to be
the greatest I have not read it I've
been watching the show which i think is
fantastic
and the thing about the show is like the
actors aren't always great and the
characters are kind of stock archetypes
but the story is so engaging and the the
sci-fi is so strong like the universe is
so strong everything feels like it
belongs it's a great show and I hear
that the books are fantastic yeah
praise that Sun bro either of you seen
HBO's west-world
what's an HBO home box office stands for
olive and Netflix it stands for home box
office it's actually a Netflix
competitor at the moment oh no I don't
get your shit together I guess they'd
probably be streaming though right if
you've subscribed to their YouTube or
their their their online yeah that's
actually they have a whole thing
separate from a cable subscription
called HBO GO okay where you can watch
all their shows and they have movies and
whatnot that's what we have we have HBO
GO you know why we have HBO GO so we can
watch motherfucking West world's which
is a great show
very happy for you Oh rich it's so
fantastic not very happy for you because
I am sucking yeah you know what you got
to find your flow rich you got to find
your flow West world's great west world
is great good good sci-fi right there
real good sci-fi speaking of really good
side five
but yeah I'm really into it I'm looking
forward to season two I loved you know
it's Westworld the premise is this you
know park full of humanoid robots that
start to glitch out woohoo and oh my god
weird things happen with implanted
memories and you know who's the real
months who's the real robots and monster
and she's human oh it's great
level one I'm literally half dead no no
you have a hundred yo you are you
looking at yeah you have to but you did
hey you made it through rich that's all
that matters you made it through half
fucking dead yeah a lot of videogame
things themes in in West world a lot
it's very like you know they always talk
about like the player and and you know
making sure not to break the the reality
of the world but then you know with this
idea of of all the robots having this
artificial intelligence and when does
artificial intelligence become actual
intelligence a person like when does a
fake person become a person right does
it deal with these things better than
Blade Runner did which is just have
Harrison Ford mope around for two hours
here's what I will say even as a fan of
Blade Runner a hundred times yes Oh West
world deals with them a hundred times
better Oh where's that thing ah ruin my
fucking day why are these in the game to
make you be careful rich to make you be
careful Walt's hisin beard says hey guys
wanna thank rich for recommending narcos
and Jack for Black Mirror though the
latter messed me up good also better
call Saul and Fargo are great so goodbye
time you know like you said didn't
wasn't like Mike tweeting something
about like all the rotten tomato scores
for like TV is so much better
for something like that yeah tea we're
doing and you know what to me for
everything like entertainment we are
going through a Renaissance of
entertainment Oh bouncy balls whoo
that's fun we are going through a
goddamn Golden Age of entertainment I
need to plug the laptop I will not
I felt I felt
I fell into a hole and I'm now I'm gonna
die cuz I fell into a hole this is this
low ass rate of fire can I I want this
upgrade I would have returned it nope I
said you got you gotta you got to be
more careful I gotta take your time I
don't know what the upgrades are there's
no being careful just now like you can't
you can't just go rushing and you got a
beta mount to you kind of you got to
bait him you're the master at baiting
Jack there we go
I got an upgrade that made my gun suck
how was that an upgrade well it would be
great if you know rich any with any
roguelike you have to find your flow and
that means dying a whole hell of a lot
so just just find it find it
anonymous says Bayonetta is the best
video game ever made about a drag queen
no you just can't handle her sense of
style man right and just as a womanly
woman just because a Biddy like to dress
all fabulous doesn't mean she ain't no
man Biddy is she she's just she don't
have you know what what you know what it
is what she doesn't dress for you
damn that's right she dresses for her
and maybe you can't handle that maybe
you can't handle a powerful woman just
wanting to feel powerful and sexy but
she is and she ain't doing it for no man
I said one of my favorite things about
Bayonetta is the character oh yeah that
no that is just straight-up my favorite
thing about Bayonetta do you think
people are more critical of movies
because they pay more for them ah no no
I don't know I think movies have always
had critics the people are more critical
of movies because they are a single
encapsulated experience one movie is one
experience and so you can be critical of
this one thing whereas if you look at
comic books if you look at TV shows they
are four pound comic books are a lot
more expensive than movies that's not
where I was going
I'm sure sure good wow just a movie like
in the middle of a thought rich there
was a quick interjection come your tits
they're not coverage they're flopping uh
it's it's different criticizing an
ongoing story and ongoing production
than one single encapsulated thing like
a movie is so you know with a TV show
it has 12 episodes to take you on a
journey and even if one episode isn't
that good the rest of the episodes can
bring it up whereas a movie just got one
movie so there are different things
where do you think we are yeah I'm
really like and I know rich is having
some issues with it but he also hasn't
had much time apparently the steam
reviews for this game are not kind bill
bud I'm not hating it yeah look I'm
using Jack's equipment here and then I'm
off from a game and insert excuse number
75 Lego some blue guy chat has since I'm
replaying one of their games what do you
think of telltale games like story based
games even ones that expand existing
franchises but the choices never seem to
have much consequences that's the
problem right there look if the choices
had much consequences I'd be fine with
telltale games as it is they're in the
category of just make a fucking movie or
a cartoon or whatever the fuck it is I
don't know why anyone else oh I don't
know why any would be interested right
right
yeah I've never I've never understood
the I've never understood the the love
for telltale games first like just make
make like a emotion comic or well you
got that was to work past it work past
it that wasn't that wasn't work past
territory
you kind of work past it you'll be fine
rich pre-ordered vanquish I will
pre-order vanquish as soon as I get home
I have not pre-ordered vanquish but I
have up until it comes out in order to
get the bonus because I also have
Bayonetta they if you didn't hear if you
preorder vanquish and have Bayonetta in
your Steam library you get a 25%
discount which is pretty fucking good I
know telltale games aren't a motion
comic what I'm saying is they are a
motion comic what are you talking about
what I'm saying is if your game doesn't
have many game elements maybe you should
just make a motion comic they all what's
the diff what's the difference if in a
telltale game and a motion comic the
illusion of choice so there's no
difference other than the pretend one
there's a pretend difference between
these two things right
when is the next rlm video you Schmucks
they just came out with one a really
great one we're rich auditions to be in
Blade Runner her that I that I really
into it
I was I was into their walking dead
until I realized that Oh none of these
choices are mattering right and then
well what what the who cares for the
farm what am i doing
yeah yep
Pizza train is saying I bought the
Guardian or Game of Thrones telltale
will never buy another one
motion comic or visual novel sure like I
and you know if you want to call it a
visual novel just call it that the the
problem I have with it is that they
tried to they try to pretend it like it
has gameplay tip them they have to read
your question no dreamers okay we don't
have to read your question if you tip us
we we will see it sometimes I don't say
all the things you see you yeah I've
refused to read things before yeah not
often
the almost never but I I'm never ever no
obligations to read what you tip the
master says what's wrong with playing
them if you enjoy the story in writing
nothing but if I you them enjoy them I'm
gonna criticize them that doesn't mean
you have to not like them if you like it
that's great it's it really it's really
great when you find something you enjoy
rich and I are trying to explain why we
don't necessarily enjoy them but if you
enjoy that's great I wish you nothing
but the best in all of your endeavors to
find things you enjoy
but you love the Phoenix Wright games
which are basically visual novels I'm
wishing there was more logic puzzle
going on in the Phoenix right to be
honest if you notice we often complain
about that with Phoenix Wright and say
man this would be a great thing if we
could figure it out ourselves there's
there unfortunately there's not a lot of
of I thought there would be a lot more
puzzle I did just yeah to Phoenix right
we like playing them because we get to
do goofy voices and that seems to
entertain y'all and it entertains us at
least it does and it entertains me when
Rich says oh ho ho oh ho yo hello
he was asking how do you how do you guys
pick Oh how do we pick games we review
uh we we there's no science to it we
just figure it out you know I mean think
about this Anna right and you know
sometimes it's like well here's here's
the big game and a lot of people are
going to be talking about it and maybe
we want to talk about it like Dynamics
Health is a large drop you know like
with Zelda it's always like you know
Zelda's the new one and then we'll get
to you know talk about the switch in
general bayonetta actually that one just
came about because we streamed in and
all of a sudden like rich starts
streaming it and says you know what
maybe we should talk about this game
originally we were not going to do
Bayonetta until until we streamed it and
then we said hey this might have some
minute we're trying to figure out what
we're doing next
obviously vanquish is going to be on
there only because rich has made a very
big deal of wanting vanquish on the PC
so we've got to talk about it now that
it's on the PC we're debating whether or
not we want to talk about this hotly
anticipated game rich is a big fan of
classic doom and quake you've talked
about that a lot
mhm I'm a big fan of roguelikes this is
in both of our wheel houses but we've we
felt like we've talked with the
developer of this game and we backed it
on Kickstarter so which I don't think
really matter no I want my cloud our
judgment at all so
really
yep you hit the ceiling you can't
presume there's some Splash Damage for
fuck's sake
ah rich you have played brutal legend do
you want to talk about brutal legend oh
yeah I could how much you're supposed to
talk about it when I'm playing strength
okay it's missing a third act it needs a
third act
it doesn't feel finished it's fine I
like characters I like the music so
closest I've come to like in a real time
strategy game it is a real time strategy
game right yeah you've said that kind of
a hybrid platform real time strategy
game where I need to go what am I
missing
there's nothing up here yep what's down
here so yeah we're still trying to
figure out what we want to do next I'm
currently editing a first four hours of
that I'm very excited to get out to you
guys we played off we played a hot new
release filthy liar what I'm giving them
the tips but uh oh by the way and this
is completely that this has nothing to
do with games that we review but did
everyone see the news that how po games
is working on risk of rain - right uh
early tests show that you know it might
be very similar to risk of rain but in
but a third person game in 3d
alright similar to risk of rain but in
3d so very exciting really for no other
reason then we get another fantastic
Chris Chris to do Lu soundtrack out
they got the whole gang back together
and fair I'm pretty excited about that
just because usually I like the games
that they make and like I said we get
another Chris Chris to do Lu soundtrack
you got a we got a first four hours
coming up hopefully I can get that out
this week I should be able to I should
be able to let's see here speaking of
great TV have either of you seen the
wire never heard it mentioned on the
stream it's one of my favorite TV shows
of all time rich no yeah neither of I'm
sorry I have I have nothing else to add
some blue guy in chat says one of my
favorite moments from West world is in
Episode two when a main character asks a
pre park attendant are you real and the
attendant responds with if you can't
tell does it really matter can I say
that's why Decker in Blade Runner it
should be ambiguous rather than he's
definitely a replicant yeah okay which
is why that's why I prefer the ending
with no voiceover because it leaves it
more ambiguous
yes point but uh yeah what's role the
fantastic west world is just a fantastic
show
let's see here Daniel from SL says one
cannot simply watch your stream one has
to donate and ask permission to view the
jack and rich or keep your eyes closed
writing this with eyes closed was hard
do I have permission to watch the fuck
is wrong with you right I don't know I
had sometimes I don't get the things you
guys weird S&M; shit aren't you yeah I'm
not I'm not engaging I'm not engaging in
your in your sadomasochism
Greg nation says Jack and rich I have a
book recommendation for you guys it's
called old man's war by John Scalzi it's
about old people getting their youth
back to fight wars in space okay it's
just like Helldivers ah alright alright
that then it's called the old man's war
great thanks for their commendation
thanks for the recommendations
gonna be a scrap machine I missed around
here right there often is this crap
machine is it up there zip
well looks like you've been up here so I
mean it's possible that there's not as
crabs you probably ran across it early
and forgot about it oh sure sure
when you're in a safe space press tab
for map and Z more inventory and queue
to use item hola
wait don't on item use item as they'll
is the little trigger what item I trying
to use let me try to use it I don't know
that's what they just said here Ola so
easy wants its press tab oh yeah go to
your map
I have things rebound it's probably not
know then fucka I don't think even think
you have an item go to your items I'm
just gonna curious why my rebinding for
inventory isn't working
inventory okay you have to hold it I'll
ring up oh you don't have any items rich
doesn't have any I just wonder when the
button was working great now why do I go
for that egress for the egress uh
hunchback Jax's hey rich and Jack what
do you think of Mad Max the game I know
you probably downstream a bunch but
would you hear but would like to hear an
impromptu review sure I can understand
where you would find plenty of faults
and yes if it weren't for the license I
don't know that I would like it near as
much in all honesty if it was called
like like dirt man dirt man adventures
yeah I'm gonna be honest about that then
you drive around and it's a it's a
Batman combat right yeah and I know
you've complained about its
cookie-cutter level design often you run
into the same shit over the same shit
yeah shit no I don't know where to get
to them I'll go to your ma'am what's
that show me oh I guess nothing I guess
nothing dirt man dusty road yep that was
it's working title
fuck
fuck zoom out the stupid map no I don't
believe we can but I think all the
enemies should be dead right so it
should be you should be okay to walk her
home all the enemies are dead I think
right
oh they're saying another tip used mouse
wheel to zoom in and out of map hey oh
there is the red oh no no that's a Rona
but uh the white you see the white that
goes nowhere and that's how you map head
towards the red bag head towards the red
what is the red the red is a red room
where bad guys came from oh my god oh my
god oh my god look this is a clever way
to do your map obviously it's not that
functional where am i well you can look
up every once in a while rich
that way
there you go there you go
another down
that is hoovy you made it out of 101
rich I've done this before at home jack
chaotic cheap um
fury road is an amazing movie I don't
know if it is overrated because everyone
praises it and it should be praised yeah
so it's just a fantastic it's hard for
me to call it overrated it might be my
favorite movie of all time that's the
thing if something is that good and
everyone says it's that good then it's
not overrated if it's your favorite
all-time of something it might be
impossible to be overrated bad guys are
coming
exactly old Chris says it just as the
fury road is rated just right it's rated
it's rated wonderfully because it's
wonderful
sure surely troll says hey Jack and Rich
what happened to your old backdrop with
the pixelated video game characters it
sucked
we did we didn't like him anymore
we wanted to move to a three camera
setup every every time we wanted a film
we had to break the entire goddamn set
down move it pack it up and get it out
of the way was a pain in the ass yep
ugly I thought it looked fine yeah I
could see all in the false privates
because I made it good right I thought
it looked fine but it was a late
Rockettes this is that upgrade you were
talking about that was sweet yeah I
think you get Rockettes now as your alts
fire I'll tire yeah
this is different there's a different
upgrade for your for your bullets that
if you hold down your trigger your
bullets fly and then as soon as you let
go of the trigger all your bullets
explode it's it was it's what made my
good run good this is your alt fire
instead of having a grenade launcher it
has rockets but you know the other
problem the backdrops is we wanted to
move to a three camera setup which makes
editing a lot easier for me and makes
the episodes flow a little smoother
there were reasons multiple rightand and
we didn't have a third backdrop and we
had no way to incorporate our two
backdrops with a third bat yeah there
were many there's probably a guy right
above it
that
our mobile said beeping again it was a
special door from guy no it's one of
your thing it's a scrap converter
somewhere to convert it to money no no
to give you like an armor or bullets so
somewhere back there just crap converter
exactly shot reverse shots - nerds
sitting on a couch but so now you know
and the couch is a lot easier it also
like it sounds so much better filming
here in the library where before that
added before fixing our sound and also
editing the sound of each episode added
three four hours to my edit time no joke
ah fuck horseshit
so the sound in here is much better and
I no longer have to take that time
fixing the sound many many reasons why
we we moved from the old back up we're
still trying to find something to make
it a little more video game II in here
but all of our ideas nothing ever
happens with our ideas we don't know how
to display them properly and we haven't
quite figured out how to make how to
make our ideas a reality but the library
of offal films yes
this game is brutal huh
it is you didn't pick up that power up
that red thing over they go they go this
game is brutal rich which is what makes
it very satisfying when you do well
Oh
you know what maybe if you play the
video game truck wait where did you come
from probably up top if you play the
video game maybe you can like maybe
there's some sort of options in the
video game where they'll tell you what
the controls are any plans for a review
of babe considering of how much rich
loves it not currently in the worst
dress up your family and friends as
video game characters and force them to
stand in the background
probably not that but we'll do we'll do
something we'll figure something out to
make it a little more videogame II yeah
this game really need monster closets
yep yep it did
someone's still hanging around
it's show enough did rich so jack is
your switch sitting in a closet no
actually my switch is off to Nintendo
for repairs oh really
yeah I was wrong I didn't I tell you
about it I lost my controllers lost
connectivity oh yeah you're talking
about that just one day out of the blue
as I as I got Mario Kart 8 for some
reason my switch no longer recognized my
pro controller or or my joy cons and I
could not get them to connect for the
life of me for more than three seconds
like a joy Khan would connect and then
half a second later immediately
disconnect and the same with my pro
controller so I I got to send it ya know
ya know press this key yeah you see how
weird that is escape just nothing okay
and let's here wait hold on hold on let
me let me grab the keyboard here real
quick all right now you don't touch
anything
this is where WASD doesn't do anything
whoa wait wait step up
oh because the batteries fell out of
this ah none of the buttons are doing
what they should do huh nothing is
making me strafe I'm trying I know this
that's what that was my problem hold on
let me I'm gonna put the kid the
batteries in this keyboard and we're
going to try it oh fuck
we're gonna try using the keyboard don't
go through that door no I okay now
please don't touch anything
yeah that turns to hold on shift
left shift control trying to remember
what it was in Wolfenstein
it's insane if there's not a button you
hit it's not you can't start you quit
strife and Wolfenstein chat I fuckin
played Wolfenstein when it came out it
was the best best fucking birthday
present I ever got
it's not the arrow keys either I hadn't
heard of it before my dad just gives me
this game it's Wolfenstein 3d I'm like
oh my god I'm the guy shooting the
people it's me Jack yeah alts does not
work for strafing Levin should i blew my
little brain yeah nothing nothing's
través you never strafe them well
that's cuz you sucked at Wolfenstein
that's why you never strafed in
Wolfenstein what do you do you ran out
of time don't hit B thing don't if you
think don't do anything don't do
anything I'm sorry Richard did you want
to figure it out because you wouldn't be
able to shoot anyone did we figure it
out huh huh you got to play Wolfenstein
this is this good for you, Jack.
You'll get to play it again they come up all
the time fucking prick I'm did you want
to figure it out I wanted to figure it
out I wanted to play Wolfenstein well
Wadden you know what
too fucking bad
always a holic done one food one oh god
wait is there another food in there no
no there wasn't
oh oh you might need that head now
that's fine
I know I loved beautiful Joe they were
asking if we love any other platinum
games like Metal Gear Rising beautiful
Joe or Devil May Cry I think we talking
about Devil May Cry last time and
neither of us had really played it yeah
I just never played much mm I cry but I
loved beautiful Joe man that what that
what a great game yeah feel feel was fun
today were do a HD remake of that that
came out as a Capcom game
I don't know it was platinum a thing yet
I don't know I don't know cuz if that if
that's on PC I'd buy the shit out of
that sama GameCube you could emulate
that I have a Gamecube also I could just
get the Gamecube you know you could get
you know what you get a game G emulator
and then you could put your beautiful
Joe disc and your computer and you're
not pirating anything yeah but I just
haven't even make a copy of your own
beautiful Joe disc and you're not
pirating anything but I have a Gamecube
already I there's no need for any sort
of piracy I could just buy the game and
play it on the Gamecube that I already
have you want to have a hassle of
hooking up a Gamecube it's already
hooked up why huh because I was playing
Wind Waker and my GameCube also has the
Game Boy Advance attachment so I can
play all of my Game Boy Color and Game
Boy Advance games on television rich so
that's how I was playing Oracle of
Seasons and yes I still plan on on
playing the the Zelda games on stream
but strafe came out we we didn't know
strafe was coming out so we needed to
place grave
that was gonna be my plan for today was
for me to bring in some Zelda games like
Oracle of Seasons and Wind Waker but we
were playing straight I said that sounds
horrible to play them on the TV what
it's great horrible to play which in the
TV Game Boy Advance and y know it's
great playing on the TV and playing on
some stupid tiny screen that's better
you could do the both was it more
authentic and you do both well there's
one of the greatest things the Gamecube
ever made is a little attachment that
stuck on the bottom of the GameCube to
plug Gameboy Advance games in and you
could play Game Boy Color and original
Game Boy games on it it was it was
fantastic it's the greatest piece of
technology at the time killed by kill by
God God Wow spilled 552 oh sorry that's
alright I'll stream the original Wind
Waker cuz I had I still have it I found
my copy of the original Wind Waker and
even though I would love I have the HD
one right like I have it oh yeah there
there's a lot of there's a lot of
logistical reasons why for me it's just
way easier to play my GameCube in my
office
fuck this if you don't if you don't
shoot the corpse the guys don't come in
oh yeah
shooting the core so like if you want to
like that make sense like sighs first
then shoot the corpse
I too I have that too in playing the
Gameboy Metroid games on my TV was great
oh it was the greatest piece of
technology ever ah Jesus Christ I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry do you want to like I
do want to try the other gun or
shotgunners
all those headshots huh huh oh that's
great
you have known you got it you got a nice
little a nice little area there to kind
of you know they line up right in front
of you you can back up have a little
breathing room that's what it's all
about it's just finding your your little
your little shooting gallery areas so
then if you get another health pack at
full health and full health that's
themed I'm not gonna make it there at
full health because I'm terrible right
but if you do get one then you then you
get bonus help yes
nice okay I had one last round actually
oh did you I wasn't paying attention
see look that I'm one hip littles half
my shields on one head to be fair it's
one hand you went up the stairs and
didn't look around well you know you hit
you have to be a little more cautious
you have to look around more you have
you know you came to that room and
didn't look behind you who knows if
there's anything behind you at what
point is it just kind of a questionable
I'm not I'm not terrible at least a
questionable design decision at what
point but for what the the emphasis on
not having fast paced action it I think
it is fat I understand the negative
reviews this is got night I fully
understand I I understand them too when
it comes to people's perception but it's
still fast-paced action you just have to
deal with it slowly
that doesn't make that doesn't it just
makes any sense Jack yeah I'm with you
rich I'm with you
I do think a little bit of it is though
just straight up getting good that's
every game oh yeah except for his all
the games
I thought made you actually when we
started I didn't know that that you
could go in weaponless and take the
wrench off of the dead crewman that was
that my first run tonight was a
weaponless run made it to that made it
to area one too which is pretty excited
for my first weaponless run
if you upgraded to obs 18 it now has
audio compression filter built-in it
works great
we auto-update yeah so we're at 18 point
0.1 we haven't messed with any of the
audio compression but if it's built in
we will look we will look into that
barrels are not your friend rich no
they're not Jack barrels are not know or
not you and you know what they're so
tempting because you know like Elias it
won't cost me any bullets I'll throw
this barrel up is so nice and they're
never your friend I don't like the one
gun upgrade I got felt more like a
downgrade no uh-huh I thought I was
gonna say more but then I just I just
didn't I don't like to me all of all of
your complaints are very rational except
for that it's a roguelike and that's
kind of just what rogue likes are is
sometimes you'll get a powerup that I
didn't go in that room and fight in that
room look at me I'm treating corridor
shoot Thanks yeah uh-huh
you know you just chase me in here I
really yep well I don't obsessive that
we talked about that a little bit at the
beginning which is yeah the the
roguelike elements might not mesh well
with an old-school fast-paced action
shooter where like what like what you're
seeing rich do now he's going to go back
into the hallway probably and lead them
all down the hallway again and that's a
little cheap but it works they line up
you can get his head shots so for that
guy am and I'll tell you this I do this
a lot like and I've gotten a lot farther
in the game and you just keep doing that
you keep finding your spots to funnel
the bad guys like the spots that you
know are safe and you have some room to
back up and you have some room to
maneuver and you do that a lot and that
does clash with the doom quake mentality
it really does there's that there's a
box up there yeah with the power or with
a thing
I haven't noticed much of a benefit from
those yeah uh yeah I don't know they do
I'll be honest with you I don't know
what they do
also that tower of guns games are what
yeah the tower of guns was pretty
similar like Tiger guns got old after a
while I I like shooting these enemies
more than I liked shooting the enemies
and tower of guns is what I'll say
saying you're saying they're stuffed
criticized and I understand the mixed
reviews sure sure uh I think difficulty
levels would have alleviated a lot of
the issues way lower difficulty with
that swipe that took off like half of my
shield mmm no it does like you know 10%
damage to my shields no if you if you
make it too easy the difficulty levels
if you make it you kick it up when you
get good at one difficulty level if you
make it too easy a lot of players we're
not right I'll making it too easy we're
talking about making it easy or there's
a difference
yeah I don't know like I could I could I
could agree that there are some balance
issues that hopefully they will address
but I think it's that overall I think
it's finding at the beginning of the
game you choose whether you want a
standard rifle
next time I'll switch up a shotgun or a
rail gun and you know as you play you
actually can pick up different weapons
they don't last very long you can't pick
up new ammo for any new weapons but you
do get to pick up new weapons but your
main weapon at the start is either a
rifle a shotgun or a rail gun and I
don't know why you would ever want the
rail gun it works actually shockingly
well it keeps you can keep everyone at a
distance at one shot kills a lot of
enemies and you can do fairly well with
a rail gun and one of the upgrades for
the rail guns turns it into a buzzsaw
launcher which can slice through
multiple enemies which turns it insanely
powerful in sanely powerful is there a
game genres that has yet to get the
roguelike treatment but there's enough
in there hundred ten onein look neat
is there a genre that has yet to get the
rogue-like treatment this was it this is
why I wanted to see this I'm sure
there's a bunch of genres Oh what about
a racing game a racing game where every
racetrack is is new every time you play
I'm throwing that out there as a genre
that hasn't gotten the roguelike
treatment how do you balance that with
difficulty in roguelike roguelikes
difficult and permadeath look like a
racing game I'm not saying it's a good
idea well so you have to win the Cup or
whatever right you have to win the
racing Cup but every time you play a new
track is different it's been done I'm
not again I'm not saying that's a good
idea I'm naming the genre that might not
have a roguelike element
what Bed Head
oh yeah what about a real-time strategy
what about a real-time strategy or or
how about this rich a telltale game
that's also a roguelike if you don't
drive the story in the right direction
it's a new story every time
if X 0 has randomly generated tracks is
that true twitchplayspokemon that'd be
dope
I remember fxz are being good oh that
would be work and telltale doesn't do
that
I listen I'm not saying my ideas are
good I'm just trying to spit ball trying
to spit ball ideas here
you got to get a story heavy tell-tale
game but if you make the wrong choices
your character can die like there are
life and death choices that you have to
make right they'd never do that and if
your character dies its reincarnated
into a new person that has an entirely
new story
hey this fucking place
yep
Sim City Rome like oh yeah like a city
management roguelike
oh but Jack but doom what you want m1
this is the opening area of doom oh okay
I don't know that it means you wouldn't
be pleadian you fucking Philistine uh
sure that's cuz you're a Philistine
there's murder huh
a fella Stein doesn't know what a
Philistine is did you get this
impression of the game when you play the
demo well know that remember the demo
was one level that never changed it was
it was almost a speedrunning level the
demo didn't have limited ammo did it oh
I don't remember actually unlimited ammo
hmm I remember the secondary being more
useful and requiring what I don't
remember having issues using this like
this I almost never have enough animal
on my clip to use the secondary sure
yeah so like the the demo of this game
was very different than than this only
because it was just one level but now
we're getting a real idea of the
difficulty and the random aspects to it
look I don't hate this I'm criticizing
and I think I'm criticizing it fairly
but
I was holding the rocket launch I picked
up the rocket launcher in an auto never
auto switch into a rocket launcher any
game ever ever
sure no just listen
just was you watching I was zoning for a
moment just Zone in formalin so I think
that that gives your alt turns your alt
into a laser so if you hold down your
alternate fire it turns it into it you
have to hold it down until it shoots
right I won't necessarily want to do
that right now oh right right but it
turns into a long distance basically a
sniper
if someone following you know
IBG be live uh we're not saying that
strafe is shit in fact I'm saying I
enjoy it yeah rich has some has some
criticisms of it but I don't think he
even richer saying it that it shit no
right so I think this game needs
tweaking I don't think it needs to be
scrapped that's the difference
mm-hmm
really nope yep
I opened this team and receive the great
news then I saw your Twitter feed yes Oh
monster cause it got me now I'm dead
this game should not have fucking
monster closets ever I think they're
fine they're fine
it pumps up the excitement man pumps it
right up pumps up the frustration until
you get it you'll get into that flow
yeah I give the railgun a try give the
railgun a try no I'm not growing a
mustache
one Lisa would hate that if I had a
mustache Lisa would hate it she barely
put up with the beard no didn't been
like that and like losing most of my
health one of those little robots yeah
all right
and no I'm I'm very happy with no facial
hair I
I'm an umma no facial hair kind of guy
look
alright can this thing be accurate it
can be at the longer distance you go the
more can veer budded it can be
like the ID to me the monster closets
you know they can work it would like
especially there there are some parts of
the games where you need to like go to
an area to retrieve a key now this is a
group ahead of us behind you you don't
know about in a game were losing every
bit of health matters yeah yeah you have
to be careful you can't be careful about
a moderate monster clause that they
happen and you don't know they're there
they're by nature their surprises oh I
identify a know it's like do you think
the developer is happy with the current
state of the game if not why keep it why
not keep it in early access longer well
you know you have from what we know
about releasing games sometimes you have
a date you know you and you have to you
have a date you release it I still don't
know this is terrible by the way uh I
five far less time in this game than
Jack does you have one and Jack seems to
be getting along with it okay yeah yeah
yeah all it takes is time well you'll
find the flow as a Kickstarter backer I
we I received an update today about the
game that said that they were already
working on a patch one to smooth out the
difficulty of this first zone you can do
a quick restart instead of a yeah yeah
what's right jacking huh try to show it
so they're already working on a patch to
smooth out the difficulty of this first
level and to fix some bugs I know I was
experiencing a ton of glitches later on
in the game as I got to the the second
and third zone what that's a one shot
point blank didn't even kill the corpse
that took two shots jack yeah why did
that take two shots
that's a great question rich oh well I'm
already fucked I'm already fucked why am
I gonna do this are they killing each
other it might be nice so the developers
working on patch III had a ton of
glitches later on in the game bullets
like I'd shoot my gun and bullets were
just hang in the air obviously we had
that weird thing earlier where we we
started dropping frames like nobody's
business so they're working on it
they're working on it now you know why
not hold it for longer sometimes you
don't know what the problem is until
it's in more people's hands and the best
way to get it in more people's hands is
to release it whether or not they're
happy with their final product that's up
to them I don't know but sometimes you
just gotta say fuck it we'll release it
oh my god what's the up oh Jesus Christ
we've been streaming for weevil that's
right we started early you should we've
been starting later usually I know we
started early we've been we've been
playing for a while
ah let's see Anonymous has rich in Jack
gremlins 2 is silly as fuck yeah
assuming this my some people like it and
some people don't like it yeah yeah
assuming you like it as much as J which
is a strike don't since it's Jason I
don't hate it but I don't like it
numerous much as J does I mean yeah it's
fun it's a fun movie yeah I don't like
it as much as gremlins
I like gremlins more yeah uh what is
your favorite gremlin from gremlin to
brain gremlin yeah is good yeah you know
I I don't even know all the guy you know
what I'll say I'll say just because it's
the most disturbing a sexy lady gremlin
yeah that's the weirdest one that's the
weird
fighter gremlin bat gremlin vegetable
gremlin and you think lady gremlin just
a gremlin that's a female is the
weirdest one big only because they made
her sexualized don't you think that's
the strangest thing gave her the big
lips so women are only okay when they're
not sexual I'm trying to understand I'm
trying to understand where you're coming
from
oh no it's not it's not that a woman is
sexual it's that a gremlin is sexual I'm
not judging I feel like you are rich I
feel like you're judging me not wanting
a sexual over-sexualized gremlin you
think it's weird to not want it over
sexuality screaming why do you think
that Jack wait wait what you're playing
some mind games on me now right wait a
minute
bgb live says I'm sure you were asked
this of bill Julian times a bill jillion
times but will you be playing pray I
like I would not it's too late it's too
much shit my goddamn plate I'm sorry
we're we're a really time to play
everything we're at a really good point
in games right now where we have we have
a good amount of games that we're
playing at the moment ah I really liked
it but you guys could go either way it's
a brutal difficulty survival horror
first-person Oh God Final Four I didn't
get survival horror I thought it was
like a I thought it was like a sci-fi
thing oh my
hey come here guys hey well now that you
said oh yeah see people on chat are
saying it's not survival horror
if you tell us it's survival horror we
are less likely to plan just putting
that out there
puddin that out there and currently no
currently we have no plans to play it
only because we're playing this and
vanquish is gonna come out in a couple
weeks I'm playing River City ransom
underground those two deep in the aisle
I don't care I like River City ransom so
I my favorite games in the Ness hmm
let's look through 3d game called prey I
don't care I don't care
Lane your well vanquish is coming out
and people they knew with made by but
yeah I know I really love vanquish I'm
glad to see it on PC to the high frame
rate your ability to not only have a
conversation with yourself but argue
with yourself should be commended rich I
just oh shit more down here and I
thought wow fucking it's still fine you
got fun now help let me help ya this
game is hard enough I'm gonna make it
like maybe to the end of this level with
that much health yes and that's how you
learn you have to keep pushing if you if
you keep resetting you're never gonna
push past this much get as far as you
can is the is the way to is the name of
the game
failure builds character so I'm sure
like that I got you got a stop resetting
just a new door fuck that one
that was me I'm trying to give you tips
rich I'm trying to give you quick tips
here tips of tips to tips ah writ rich
to understand that he has to get good
he's working on it he's getting
anonymous as rich in Jack you don't have
a choice you have to play a DC villain
fuck off whether it be on the Big Finish
fuck off all right I don't give a shit
what are you talking about fridge what's
the question what's the question until
now you don't have a choice I have all
the choice in the world you don't have a
choice you know what I'm not gonna read
the rest of your tip that's my fucking
choice tell me I don't got a choice
fucking where you are yes that's given
from there is asking fun hypothetical
question
like I got a silly question for Richard
Zack I bet I bet if I ask him a silly
question about which DC villain they
would like to play as an actor oh I bet
we could get some mileage out of that
where does this come from Richard Edlund
Evans you horrible dickhead rich is not
feeling good right now because of all of
his death and failure Jack you don't
know me I'm not I do know you look at
listen here you're being you're being
cranky because you're dying something
big comically cranky I am NOT big
seriously cranky
alright this evil what do we got that
out of the way okay full question is uh
you have to play DC villain whether it
be on the big screen or television what
villain would you pick and why and if
you are willing how would you play a
villain you get to choose and I know you
why a DC villain that's just well DC
also has better felon this is usually
but I don't necessarily agree with that
uh Black Manta what Batman has a more
interesting pop ro Batman has a more
interesting rogues gallery then what
about the rest of the DC Universe jacket
do I even know any of their villains oh
also maybe the DC Universe doesn't have
good villain sizes Batman has an
unusually good rogues gallery Batman has
some good villains and he might they
might even rival some of us spider-man's
best pal yeah well I'll do that I'll
read that ah so you have to play and you
know what because I know you don't like
to consider yourself an actor yeah maybe
you don't get to maybe you don't have to
play maybe you just get to the question
is I don't think you know what I think
the heart get to the heart of this yeah
question isn't necessarily in my mind
which I would like to play yeah which
which would I be a good choice for if
any okay I sister mixi mister Mixel oh
god I have a sister mix picnic sick mix
EEP Enix
yeah rich Evans as mr. mix flick sticks
yes that's a great choice rich that's a
great choice
is everyone concurring with that
obviously right answer yes playful evil
imp
a playful evil imp agreed agreed
now now if you get to direct a villain
you get to choose how a villain gets
played by an actor yes there is that -
out far out there disti says I asked the
question and that is clearly the right
answer yes risk which would be a great
mr. miss boots lips Shh Oh monster
closet monsters behind me I lost half my
health in one hit all those nice fine
no not fine no I wouldn't want to do mr.
fries because I really like mr. fries I
could probably pull off a decent Riddler
oh that's an interesting choice if I if
I wanted to play Riddler in a in a
specific way I could probably pull that
off I'm liking you as Riddler yeah yeah
I could I could I think I could pull
that off in an interesting way and 64
cartridges hey shot it because that's
what n64 cartridge is get in my book ah
numbered ya know number two would be
Harley Quinn I think I could make a
really good gender swapped Harley Quinn
cuz Harley can it can hardly be a guy's
name - yeah yeah ken yeah it's a
wrestler big tough wrestler Harley Race
well there you go so yeah I'd be I'd be
the gender swapped Harley Quinn who's
just kind of a low-level clown who's
pushed too far
Falls it falls in love with uh with a
familiar with a female see what I said
that huh you just said gender swapped
Harley Quinn I'm following a little say
anything about gender swap Joker and
that was never on the table and I'm
falling in love with a gender with a
female supervillain I'm wrong here you
know same-sex supervillain well I get to
choose there's something wrong with that
of course it's not but there I get to
choose who I get to play so oh I didn't
I didn't know that you were so
closed-minded Jack entirely I had no
idea entirely entirely closed - floor
drop yes and there's a ton of shit under
here
fart you're fine you still have a
hundred help I have about half the house
health I started with fine fine - fine
fine
you're gonna make it ish
now this is hey did you guys see the
teaser for the new season of house of
cards where Jeff Sessions is a scumbag I
didn't
nope I don't know I said hey you know I
don't hate it I didn't I didn't get in
the house of carbs I watched almost the
entire first season with Keira Knightley
yeah yeah you know I'm gonna get it
mm-hmm he's an asshole politician I get
it you know Lisa and I felt the exact
same way we're like oh yeah so it's a
good show it's but I just don't care
there's the problem with it it's not a
shocking thing that changes the way we
look at politicians it's this is exactly
what people think politicians are like
in reality right and it's like it's a
really well produced show the acting is
all really great but yeah the house was
like oh man that's a doctor on he's such
an asshole
yeah doctors aren't supposed to be a so
well that's an interesting idea
how's the car she's like yeah that's a
politician huh yeah oh yeah pretty much
oh yeah yeah I can see that pretty much
so it's fine show I just yeah yeah no I
care yeah I'm with you I'm with you ah
let's see here bgb lives is jac thoughts
on the current superhero show seasons
agents of shield is the best arrow got
much better the flash is quickly
becoming the worst thing ever and
Supergirl is certainly a TV show
if you don't know vgb Supergirl is my
favorite
I find that show to be adorable and
constantly good as this more importantly
the second season as soon as they came
to CW I think it's been consistently
really good I think they're handling
Supergirl as a character appropriately
they are they're giving her kind of
personal challenges instead of super eat
challenges as she's Supergirl so you
know there's just not a lot of
interesting in things that she can punch
that was actually a big part of this
most recent episode is
is she keeps messing with the cops you
know she is she keeps like swooping in
like while the cops are in the middle of
doing something and Supergirl like
swoops in and the cops are like whoa
Supergirl
can you fucking stop that because we
have we have a job to do and actually
when you save the day criminals are
finding a loophole to get out of jail
time
the Supergirl defense you're destroying
evidence you're being kind of a pain in
the ass was that Lisa are you needed at
the home front no that was my alarm
telling me that it's my bedtime okay oh
my god how late is it it's almost 11:00
yeah yeah Wow yeah and the last run
something you should know about my alarm
that tells me that's my bedtime I never
listen to it I don't even know why I
haven't said it's just there to make me
feel guilty I got a message let me see
if I'm not leader in the whole Trump I
doubted she should be long in bed
oh we're dead wrong number hahaha
that's fun no don't do anything back um
so just wrong number just hey wrong
number
what do I do I don't start something and
its own indicate the point with the
Supergirl TV show hey girl
it's Ben be there in ten
this is this isn't like someone gave him
the wrong number on purpose this is he
was on his way to a place and just
misdialed don't do anything are you
gonna take a picture of yourself take a
selfie Yeah right here I can't take us I
don't know how to take a fucking selfie
right now here look was it flips see you
hit that announce the front-facing
camera and then you print you still have
to press the camera but I can't you need
to hit the butter well is it that you
take a selfie like this rich with your
thumb
okay so put you know I'm not that
narcissistic there you go I have to hit
the camera oh god no don't do that rich
put your shirt down we're gonna get
we're gonna get we're gonna get dings if
I ate bites which you guys see this rich
twit twitch is gonna ban us oh no it's
blurry I had to do this again oh god
don't know just just a face of you with
your thumbs up Jesus band
we're banned from twitch alright stop
banning us with twitch oh my god
can't wait baby what get over here
oh look look at the festival school yeah
what kind of a kind of a life are we
living with baby cakes baby cakes
baby cakes
so someone is Texas bridge Texas the
wrong number and said hey baby it's been
I'll be there in ten and rich sent back
that they have your number now man
what's what's going on baby cakes
I'm sorry ting names there's no better
end than that babycakes rich you boo
baby cakes that dude sweet Jesus Christ
wait are they calling that yeah yo this
is Ben hey how's it going hello hello hi
who's this this is Ben how you doing Ben
I'm okay okay yeah the way over
yeah the way over oh cool hey yeah well
yeah I want to come right on in that'll
be great
I got some wine wines chillin there's no
way I'm going to put this on
speakerphone I can't I can't do that I'm
streaming right now so
all right have a nice one man all right
that was Ben Ben just called
was he being funny I think so do you
think so he was tre he was a funny or a
psychopath he was trying to pay he was
trying to play along yeah if he
obviously just dialed the wrong number
right texted the wrong number rich that
he'd have a little fun back at him and
then Ben thought he'd keep the gang
going I Oh Ben also we have a problem
yeah but that's okay that's not a big oh
wait is this not connected no you didn't
connected but we got her back connects
connects it's on me
send me that's on you that's all right
boom well we got our subs from this Oh
Ben what automatic spam bot filter what
this shit's that for here we go here we
go what is today May 7th
great here's May 7th all right so uh
rich Evans did bring wine I like you're
gonna get in trouble that Ben's gonna
call you tomorrow dad hey where were you
hey that's time to get a new number
that's fine Oh
okay so we have doobie sandwich corked
spiral who says thanks for all the great
streams guys keep up the great work
k Nuala low-tom ali raza
for 15 months in a row Ali raza says two
days and I get my Magnus Builder badge
this is May 10th
today's May 10th not May 7th well we
have read these already then rich we
read these already
okay so stream started May 10th TC Brady
one three three he says seven months
please kill me
Lana bogan dr. Gunther hooter hanker for
17 months in a row says make a splode
ego boom please favorite customers as
hey guys did you hear Bayonetta is
coming to PC thank you
Christo Berra Berto M C Pugh says Jaka
Cheka Cheka
where stuff huh what is all right it's
up right is that Oh scrolled past it
already yep bond dug for 32 fucking
months of the Roses 32 months as I go
100 years in dog years ruff ruff ruff ha
riot crew for 35 fucking months in a row
Oh close says I've been inspired by a
subscriber from last stream sharing her
breast cancer I have a rare form of
thyroid cancer I watched your stream as
I recovered in bed after surgery I have
another surgery on June 7th hope you
stream lol warm your cockles well good
luck consider the cockles good luck
Tiberius Kirk twenty fucking months in a
row you know what back to Ryan true what
35 motherfucking months in a row you got
one month early that magical 36 Tiberius
perk for 20 fucking month mud Siberia
skirt for 20 fucking months a neurosis
congrats on passing 1 million total
views on Twitch prereq I'll be
celebrating by being in the pool when
you read this Biffle Potamus 35 fucking
months in a row my name is Doug
Kirk Linden muds the palladin AJ pimps
all says another month an other manual
subscription on Twitch prime nice nice
Boog master 34 says she's breaking all
the rules I know what breaking all the
rules they're talking about your rule
breaking em cancer gets you a month
early as the new
I can make the fucking rules all right
that's fair that's their move master
thirty forces just wanted to say god
damnit rich you got me addicted to
stardew valley and XCOM yellow them look
you work through crew streaming
ww one two three four five six seven
eight nine one zero striker
11:21 four twenty four fucking months
and a roses thanks the two years of
inexpensive entertainment boys Gargamel
jumex doctor so days twenty five fucking
months a neurosis fill my skills donkey
donkey donkey donkey donkey doe donkey
donkey all right six lugan bruised there
says hey guys slug night who says bought
PC Bayonetta and suddenly vanquish on PC
it's a good day all around
yes it is especially for Ben yep bet all
you guys the photo that Ben has now is a
keepsake it's gonna get it he's gonna
print it out and get a framed rich Kiwi
the Iguana J read 2-1-1 to Chuck's text
gutter stars for 70 months in a row says
yeah Casey I see 7:07
Justin nor he's eed boron Taggard m'q
stone for 25 fucking months in a row
says I love to see you guys tonight love
to see you guys tonight
does that been it what if it's been
what if what if Edie
Taggard mixdown has been and Ben's a fan
he's getting that's getting creepy
tennis getting creepy look I talked to
Ben on the phone yeah just judging on
his what I think I could take Ben you
think you could say I think I could take
Ben oh cool
great cool trainer la Hendy says rich is
right about Blade Runner
Mista Kurt's 1979 JJ chica for 16 months
in a row says I'm going to make wine out
of your testicles like on 22 fucking
months in a row says for me the Star
Wars movies suck and I'll probably stop
it if the new one is ship
they said shut I'm assuming the Med shed
sure absolutely
being part of red letter media will you
ever be able to escape them if you
wanted to I do and no agent prodigy if
you're just joining us now we're ending
the stream and at the end of the stream
we collects during the stream we collect
everyone who subscribed to us and now
we're thanking them so anyone who
subscribed to us during the stream this
is the point in which we thank them
because we're ending that way whatever
we're talking about is not interrupted
because you know we want to thank the
people who subscribed of course we'd be
doing it a lot but you know what if
you're if you say are just joining us
right at this very moment because you
see that we are streaming strafe and we
just finished she's just finished and
now you're just hearing us read names
while not playing that would be
confusing and what then would I get that
absolutely Ryan from MI says TOS TNG man
will overcome their hate and learn to
live in peace DS Deep Space nine fuck
that you'd better pray to space God cuz
you ain't gonna make it otherwise yes
yes yes and SF wookie says big fan have
a good night guys
Lord well says thanks to the hours and
hours of entertainment chat
bacon cheese ninja top ramens 26 fucking
months and roses 26 months when do I get
my bo TW cameo van Duren 12 months in a
roses one year you hacks keep it up
quality pixel says we blueberry
blueberry bashing Deford ND dancer jth
28 and David I know people who says
you're playing injustice right before 2
comes out great thinking Jack also fuck
that other guy flash has been great
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
so what it says someone someone said
they just sent it to him don't tell me
well I'll reread that real quick perform
yeah I like the flash show I think it's
a fine show wake up thank you flash is a
fine show uh oh actually have a couple
days before Anonymous is rich you were
like 10 years old when Tim Burton's
Batman came out yeah what was your
initial opinion how has that evolved
over the years
what's your ideal Batman movie uh I like
the movie because it was a hype and I
was young but I always hated the costume
I never liked that was all black and I
never like Batman walking around that a
giant armored shoot that left him in
Mobile even at a young age with the
hyper on that movie I couldn't I
couldn't get into that that style of
Batman remember when he's in the
batplane yeah turn my hand yes sir like
look to see if you hit the Joker and he
goes like this yeah yeah
trove mean I drove me nuts when I was
well it's a little bit older than 10
sure and I'm an old man I was like 12 so
I was gone
ideal Batman movie Dark Knight Dark
Knight's pretty good Batman movie focus
on the villains
I would I would love and rich and I have
talked about this before
a Batman movie where we don't get a
super villain or maybe make this super
villain the mob boss look it's oh god I
got fish loud where Batman is just a
detective and he doesn't need anything
super powered gadget why's he just
crawls around and spooks people and
fights goons I love that they're not
really movies but I kind of love the
Arkham games portrayal of Batman as a
character okay that's a good Batman hmm
good batmanning yeah uh this time it's
looper says rich you should have
responded to that text with you dial the
wrong number but I just want to let you
know good luck we're all counting on you
it's gonna be fine
hey or no it's gonna be fine I get
uncomfortable with pranks oh please no
me I do Hyman come Frank you plain brain
is that a prank you cranked him
that's um that's a mild fucking with
somebody that's a prank what do you
think a prank
I don't have a mouse you should know
that did he text you back no you can you
can there's a way you can block it I'm
just deleting it right now lock it
he's not gonna call back I don't have a
mouse rich I can't end the stream I
don't have a mouse nice all over the
place stupid way we could end the stream
I could let down how do you quit
