Jul 16, 2017
Friday the 13th: The Game, Press X to Not Die, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/166667830
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/166682561
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/166964351
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQA5pedBJwY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtIHnQ-ypp8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hL07lmQj-0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/886643491249508352

[Part I]
I just heard the door so I might have
been premature I may have started the
stream right when Jack showed up so this
pre this pre Jack Friday the 13th isn't
actually gonna last all that long
oh yeah oh that's great that's great
then I have time to get one round in I
literally I literally just started and
I've done something incredibly smart our
little stream box here yeah I've said it
we could switch between games what I do
placated scenes and I just changed the
Game Capture for each one ah using my
brain Jack oh my god 400 ping fuck that
Lobby all right have a nice meal all
right how are we all doing we're gonna
we're gonna survive or die or maybe kill
everybody will see you if we're Jason or
Ned
why can't jack eat in front of us
because that's that's potentially weird
a lot of people probably wouldn't want
to watch that 200 ping 250 George Romero
passed away that said maybe he'll come
back poor taste wasn't it whatever
whatever
my mic is on oh it is I thought I had
push-to-talk let me change that again
yes you did
congratulations
okay I forgot to hit apply for the
push-to-talk so yeah welcome to I stream
yeah this is a I think it's a terrible
place to start by that by this little
restroom area here frequently I walk out
I'll find like a pocketknife one of
these two drawers today nothing all
right we can head north spring water but
there's usually not car parts or
anything there so I'm gonna head east
and we're gonna check out the garage and
then we're gonna head north to the
boathouse after we check out the garage
maybe maybe pick up a shotgun here Jim
shotgun here rest up
and there's no phone box here sometimes
the phone box by the garage that's as
bad news this is the first time I've so
load this game I think it is cool puck a
knife
that's Braille take meds pre-cut too
though
I'm not sure if gas if the gas or a
battery can spawn in the garage I would
assume they could but we're gonna check
I don't see it all right however I know
they can spawn in this house
I don't see them either of them no all
right we're moving on gonna check the
Boathouse bow there's a good chance
somebody was already in there
nope
you just gonna want your gonna walk past
that gas I'm gonna have to drop the
shotgun how great he's got a lousy
machete is he going for a kill he's
going for a kill he needs better
communication skills nobody were you
running around with the machete he just
doesn't know what he's doing
actually going back to my shotgun
for this jackass takes it
mm-hm a lot of worked on that two-seater
what's going on what's going on now they
don't have mics but they appear to be
trying to communicate something if if
she knows where the battery is why
didn't she just run it over to the car I
don't know what the fuck's going on
nice
I got it just go just go I got a
pocketknife
oh shit why didn't you
you need mics sitting here the door wide
open I'm fuckin know what's going on
well that went that went
to drop the case he dropped the case or
someone grabbed the case that's right we
ham well the twins doing they just hang
it out that's wins all this shit's going
on with the car they're just hanging out
over the garage doing jack shit they
have a map I can see all the icons
around the car hi everybody
how's everybody going doing all right I
was just going straight to it you tell
me if you want another round of this I
can get settled there a little bit this
is my live stream for a while
what are you waiting okay well we'll
watch this while you talk about that
kind of shit sure sure so this is good
are you leaving us permanently I'm
leaving you per me made that you made
that sound like it's big news and this
really isn't well I mean I I'm not gonna
be to a stream and I'm not gonna be here
for the next like three streams yeah
which that's fairly you made it sound
like a final farewell I said I'm not
gonna be here for awhile
half our audience was sad and upset and
the other half they were they're
bringing out the champagne finally we
got rid of them finally goodbye jack
don't let the screen door hit you
imagine most people are yeah I don't
feel I know and I know uh no I'm going
to Canada I'm taking why I am taking a
an incredibly long road trip not too fun
Canada either road trip you're talking
about for ages just you and your kids
yeah well it's me my kids and my mother
actually Oh your mother's and she's
bringing her two giant German shepherds
are you doing we're gonna have a great
time no you're not you're gonna turn
German shepherds in your car very good
dogs this is the worst idea I've ever
heard oh they're good at traveling to
kids and to German shepherds yes and
your mother and you call this a vacation
it's gonna be great uh we're going we're
going to Calgary
well we're going to a town near Calgary
which is not that's not fun Canada my
cousin's husband has a cattle ranch out
there and they're having like a big big
gathering celebration I say hey this is
a great opportunity and here's where it
gets fun rich uh-huh
we're driving up there and we're camping
on the way so every night we're gonna
camp we're gonna camp with kids and
German Shepherds and it's gonna be
honestly so much fun I can't wait to
hear about the horror stories when you
get back these are good dogs these are
very good dogs
Max and Ruby are very good dogs and
they're great no it's not a joke right
I'm really looking forward to it I love
road trips I love camping it's an excuse
to go you know yes he's talked about
this on stream before the dog thing is
do yeah you know hey this is how it's
working it's how it's working actually
why don't why do you think this would be
a big deal like two dogs so for a week
yeah they're good dogs they travel very
well once the car starts they just
little tweaks yeah they do all right
my mom travels a bit all right my mom
travels a bit they are very good in the
car good I can't wait till you get back
they're good dogs I'm excited Jack loves
the pain now I'm excited I I'm really
looking forward to it I like I said I
love road trips I love camping it's an
excuse to do all that and so you know
we're gonna we're gonna go up to Calgary
or near Calgary and we're gonna spend
all Friday at my my cousin's husband's
cattle ranch yeah the big cattle ranch
and he's just gonna give us a tour of
this giant cattle ranch which you know
I'm excited about because I love to know
where my meat comes from yeah and so
he's just gonna like take us like to all
of the cow stuff there's a
slaughterhouse nearby we can go visit
and take your kids to dogs for the kids
might not go to slaughter
vacation we're not going just for the
slaughterhouse then there's a big party
there's a big family party it's not just
for the slaughterhouse Ridge all right
are you are you ready for the mystery
game it's not super exciting I just
wanted a natural reaction from you
I am hold on I just want to we need to
restart this to get this ready let me
just get this computer ready let me
crack open my beverage here I can have
one beer we leave very early tomorrow
morning so you only have one figure
that's why you wanted to early stream it
worked out yeah it just worked out where
I could have an early stream so yeah I'm
I'm really looking forward to but it's
very possible that I will not be here
like I won't I definitely won't be here
on Wednesday I definitely won't be here
on Sunday I might be here next Wednesday
but probably not okay I'll do some solo
streams and all good Karen are here for
probably at least one oh great great
so all right you want to put out of this
okay quitting quitting I'm not I'm not
gonna look I'm looking at the ceiling
and I'm not gonna look at the screen hi
everybody
there we go press X to not die okay
one okay new game ready wait let me turn
up the desktop audio okay Jack's
favorite genre okay you know normal
human reflexes that's me really good at
pressing buttons I'm gonna go normal
human okay okay it's a 360 gamepad okay
Matt dude everyone's going crazy
everyone in town is just attacking
everybody it's like that shitty M night
Shyamalan movie
yes exactly God that was a shitty movie
it was a shitty movie never mind all
that okay I figured it out now this is
important the secret to survival is
press X to not die Matt Matt that's kind
of done Matt where is everyone
hi Katie
is this the worst hello so far yes
that's very weird I'm fine
how are you what are you talking about
well it's just like a parody though of
everything we did violate then I told
him a little bit I mean Team Jacob I
told him antagonizing Team Edward was
putting his life on the line hello
Christina no reception seriously what's
with this icon I've got to go get it
they're either humor leaves something to
be desired
but I can hit the wrong one what you
should have hit the wrong button you
can't tell me that I'm playing the game
all right
the sake of our string you should have
hit the wrong button there you can't say
the end what should I do
I got confused because they gave me two
options I got confused
oh not options I have to press two
buttons yeah okay yeah thanks man
Lexie's sure are getting aggressive
these days aren't they hey wait
I get it I found of the strangest this
is this is like every you'll find this
an absolutely wonderful work of parody
ah if it was a work of parody I guess
like it's hard you know if there's not
enough jokes about the thing that
they're making fun are you know you skip
two of them but not hitting the rock but
it's that's that's that bad that's a bad
parody if I need to hit the wrong input
kathira know it's you you're just in
time my roommate is trying to kill me
okay dying not helpful
that's an this is some parody sure some
parody that's a good way to put it where
it's just this is an attempted parody oh
yeah yeah my look I'm I'm not saying
this is the greatest thing yeah but I
was mildly fascinated by it and it's
it's really really sure that's freezing
my suit brush I know
Naza MIDI the acting the worst and the
joke yes I know I know right
I mean one minute she's sitting there
reading her Hunger Games Catching Fire
book and the next thing I know she's
lunging at me with a kitchen knife I
mean I know she was really into Hunger
Games but that was ridiculous I don't
think that sinned
it's the whole town everyone's going
crazy like that shitty M night Somalian
movie exactly god that was a shitty
movie I mean anyway it's really
dangerous outside I died twice just
getting here and even your roommate just
killed the main character or seven he's
clearly trying a growth of going to go
take a shower
come on to like some kind of helmet but
it's it's probably on his forehead which
is not if you're doing something like
this you need to actually mount your
GoPro like yeah like here yeah to make
it seem normal but yeah you kind of need
to do what we did for the one space cop
scene where we put it like inside the
visor
exactly exactly but like the GoPro comes
with a head mount yeah and so that's
what it is but it's also like above
their head so if he's a tall actor yeah
it just looks weird what
cringe game plus you're not talking
anything interesting equals shit stream
pretty much mmm wait wait stop wait I
wanna watch my girlfriend shower
I think yeah yeah I got katana anyway
it's really dangerous outside I died
twice just getting here and even your
roommate just killed me and then you
stabbed me Wow all great spinning I'm
gonna go take a shower honestly honestly
all right P but but George Romero a true
legend yeah yeah you died Oh times just
watch the door you hit the button again
dammit
the button prompt comes up you press the
button prompts the button comes up you
press the button prompt rich gosh dang
it
I can't help my instincts I want to see
it exactly right jet
watch your girlfriend tower go go go
Elysee was shorter this time anyway it's
really dangerous outside I died twice
just getting here and even your roommate
just killed me and then you stabbed me
two times
Wow that's great a little voice but but
it'll be fine just watch the door okay
hit the button this time that I can't
hit the button this time yeah okay yeah
yeah okay look you can see the little
GoPro on his head in the reflection you
can see the GoPro above his head yeah
and actually there's a way that you can
take the GoPro put it on the head mount
and actually mount it upside down and
put it over one of your eyes yeah and
then like that just this was like even
just lowering at that couple of inches
really helped all right it's upside down
but then you just think like looking I
know it's very strange plus the camera
is always like looking at the floor
right let's go get it shut up about
GoPros jack no I will not shut up I got
about GoPros right tool for filming
something like this absolutely and by
the way if you have a GoPro that was you
know what that was that was a little
quick tip you're welcome
quick tip a little quick go pro tip this
is terrible shot oh god so terrible for
Shaun of the Dead and actually you know
a while back I did a I did a series you
know fences have gates right
I've been wondering whatever has
happened how come on Cooper
I believe that says yeah look the
trashcan says Vancouver Canada oh yeah
right
Matt wasn't affected either he told me
something before he died
press X to not die what does that mean I
don't know but I kind of feel like I've
been doing it oh I hit him what the hell
yeah well you're not very good at it oh
sorry yeah I've noticed that too
do you think there are other people like
us people who are okay
I did that I did a series for Funny or
Die a while back called a POV movie
right and I'd go I'd go to like crowded
places and you know just get people's
opinions on the news and hopefully cut
together something fun right yeah and I
actually had a chest-mounted go and that
just not to go pro I mean in the tall
guys there but the chest monster GoPro
was and then like I'd have a microphone
out for ya and so all you see is like my
arm with the microphone talking mrs
Peterson Peterson know that joke would
work
is she gonna be okay instead of their
college right sort of their College
remain think so we should head back
indoors yeah
you just got sound effects because they
can't really do a proper transition just
good sound effects a failed filmmaker
makes a bad game this is this is so meta
this is so everything we ever talked
about
so does this prove it's not possible to
have a so bad it's funny game well yeah
because well one this is trying to be
this is trying to be funny that's true
and so that makes it that just makes it
a bad bad game because it's trying to
that's the second nut joke by the way I
hate it stop we could slap if you're
getting 0% amusement I'm getting 0%
amusing but I think we should keep going
alright you know like you said if it's
not a very long you know like we have
enough in now where this is probably a
little over halfway done actually yeah
yeah are you okay yeah you know come for
you
apparently there's nothing there's
nothing worse than a failed comedy rich
is a sadist I I figured watching Jack in
excruciating agony would amuse you
people you know that's a fair assumption
that is an absolute fair assumption
and and everybody like whenever we talk
about games like this games like
Uncharted this is what we see this is
what what rich and I see you in those
games
yeah because it's the exact same thing
whether properly mounted camera set up
and some better acting take this you
know what don't worry about the camera
setup the acting fine just write some
better jokes get bored oh yeah the the
acting doesn't help but just write some
funnier jokes you know and I don't know
what those jokes would be cuz it all it
all like the premise is fine I'm sure it
was a cheap game I'm sure it was a very
cheap game but yeah come on people get
it together can you learn about your
face like on top of Google glasses so
you could actually watch what the GoPro
is showing as it's on your face no but
if you like it like I said if you mount
it over one eye it almost has the same
whip or what do you call it oh yeah
aspect ratio not aspect ratio it has it
has a hundred and sixty degree view
angle so it's very similar to your eye
so if you're upset over one eye whatever
this isyes will be about what the GoPros
okay okay
or like I said like it's because it's
such a wide-angle lens you put it
directly in the middle of your chest and
just whatever you're facing it'll catch
ya
that's field of view yes
a long story feel the viewer you know
I'm just I'm not good at this stop
talking this over please
that's the third that's a third nut joke
I took a hockey stick to the groin I
thought you people would love watching a
playthrough of the last of us to go nuts
over that game right people love the
last thing this is the new Uncharted
game uncharted zombie apocalypse
that's so lame him him jumping up and
down here crazy Sambi man
oh is that scary yeah what tells ya
finish this how did I beat him you hit X
enough to not die I think doesn't like
it because he can't see you might hurt
someone with that everybody's you today
I know anyway you do I know press X how
do you know about that it's the way it
was supposed to be so you know what's
going on I do
the military has been working on a drug
that requires people's brains the
purpose was to make performing complex
actions as simple as pressing a button
dodge an attack press X stab some with a
sword press a skip the years of training
would normally take to develop such
skills to an expert level and all right
yeah
goddamnit but the drug doesn't work on
everyone it's just super lazy I'm like
I'm actually like really okay with this
as a junior yeah yeah we made it
basically a movie and it's interactive
so they can make funny games like this
but you need to actually make fun of
some hand not just have you know ball
jokes for 30 minutes Angry Birds
that was a punchline rich what's the
setup but the function was Angry Birds
you're a gamer only gamers are
unaffected because their brains can
handle it
I love chocolate I love chocolate my
guess is we're supposed to get some of
the fun little from oh I love chocolate
so fucking awful like the joke is that
she's just eating chocolate right
that's the joke here is she's eating
chocolate okay I didn't do it I got the
chocolate achievement I don't know I got
this I got the I'm locked in achievement
for eating chocolate you did it take my
keys the cars in the parking lot you can
use it to escape aren't you coming with
us
I don't seek escape I only seek
atonement
here take a weapon it's dangerous
outside I mean and you just missed the
classic through the class of call if you
take the balloon sword we might get a
terrible joke we might get a terrible
joke I don't know I haven't I though use
the balloon sword the one and only time
I played this I mean I want to take the
chainsaw obviously yeah yeah I will take
the blade sorry is that the joke a real
weapon that's the joke that's the joke
dammit
I was lame I'm super lame all the
balloon sword
that's your funeral all right all right
good all right let's take the balloon
sword
yeah but the blue sword was still on the
table when we turned was it were they
all there yep all three of them were
there got to pay attention to that
filmmakers filmmakers jokes these are
the jokes
but if we fight we're playing the last
of us to a clown why does it have to be
a clown I did that clown is kicking my
ass
I did that you bitch-ass game 80% the
reason I wanna try to play this is the
joke can find a client found who's also
five feet tall because they don't know
how to properly fucking
Oh kick ass this time
yeah I figured it out
he caught my kick ya hamster caucus -
you think he's a gamer but he's one of
them oh my god he's a farmville player
the big joke
is that he's a farm girl player fuck you
I did that no no I didn't I press the B
button and not the X button
let's finish this where's my balloon
sore yeah
come on that was lame
how was the big joke is that he just he
just goes away because he's I'm so
amused by your doing sword I thought he
was a farmville player
you know we never even found out how
would this happened maybe that'll be in
the sequel you again
I know well looks like we're safe
working it for now how about that
unflattering close-up can't believe you
died 11 times geez I only would have
died like five times tops maybe you
should try easy difficulty next time
there's no somewhere else you could be
idle in there if you hadn't you know run
over me with your car
he was any room you hurry no I think
kidding me with your car kind of cancels
that out and you really tried to watch
her girlfriend shower two times she's my
girlfriend
i watch a shower it's over jack it's
over I don't see why that's this was
such a big deal I get maybe if she's
like a new girlfriend but like we seem
to be pretty comfortable with each other
but you very jacked
worse than the worst thing I've ever
played that was honestly the worst was
the worst ever that might have been the
worst thing I have ever played the worst
thing I've ever ever played handy handy
dandy button button switch oh I didn't
know if this works they should go up

[Part II]
although I didn't know if this works
they should go up maybe just never goes
there we go oh fuck everything all right
why don't you update chatty to let him
know what we're playing okay so this is
a player unknown battlegrounds is
actually something that a lot of you in
chat have recommended to us and wait
what is player unknown that their name
would be front and center I have no idea
who they're I have no idea who they are
but the other day yesterday I had a
little free time and I was watching some
strings yeah of people playing this game
and it seems right up our alley
all right much like Friday the 13th it's
it's a world in which a bunch of players
get dropped in the middle and you just
have to survive but but an unlike Friday
the 13th you have to survive against
everyone yeah but you're not starting
with the ground floor you're gonna get
fucked by players who know where all the
shit up is no everything's random
everything is random alright alright
sniping locations like building
locations everything everything
absolutely everything is random and so
it's just it's just a battle game is you
just get dropped on this island
everything is randomized and you just
have to survive and it's by the way I
play I've only played about 45 minutes
of it I got a chance to play 45 minutes
today and I think it's pretty alright
I'll tell you what so I figure we could
play that for a little bit today
huh from the geniuses who brought you I
don't know all right search is not
finding it later I know try just
battlegrounds I'm gonna get a shitload
of battlefields we're gonna pop up
well yeah but you might get it yeah you
stuff game you start to get all doing
this shit but you might get it okay well
I can I have that please
you know that and I want the fancy mouse
which is not plugged in it would help
really help if it was plugged in should
be poignant
rich I didn't take your shark
where's muchacha should be in the box
with this stuff it's right there where's
my did you take it person
use this part of it sure I know you want
your chuck it was under your hat
I did not there we go stream over I lost
my chuck streams over I got my chuck
it's fine now I have no clever clever
name the stream great who needs it okay
all right now we've got a rebind some
shit here see whiskers cuddles us can't
watch latest stream unless I get fired
today
but keep an eye out round November
December for the 10k donation if all
goes well I'll donate 10k maybe more
each to prereq and rlm but no buying VR
shit huh yep what what 10k deal is this
what was the deal with this this is so
funny with VR I have no idea what he's
talking about there was a 10k deal he's
saying keep an eye out for the
november/december for the 10k donation I
have no idea what that is I think was I
I don't remember okay or you know like
was it it might have been something I
thought was a joke but apparently wasn't
a joke or a joke we made that somebody
didn't know was a joke right oh is that
four four four or five headsets to play
Star Trek oh sure it could be that could
be
I heard he's fucking with us I just
didn't even remember what the hell he
was referencing is the problem yeah
load important sprint that says fuck no
it was project to remake hey hey hehehe
oh that's right that's right it was
$10,000 for a complete remake of hey hey
he he's a P pieces okay okay
which absolutely yeah absolutely that'll
happen and the updated version that last
game was so trash it signed me out of
twitch yep
don't bother changing them you have to
it has to be assigned to something or
else you can't everything needs to be
assigned to something I air controls her
airplanes apparently there is I haven't
come across any yet but okay that'll be
it for now okay so you know you get your
character and you get some starting gear
I have no goods - OH
you know she even playing this is
character you use and already made well
yeah like that's this is the out of what
I have available this was the closest
representation to me I could come across
okay okay and so then you just you just
play like boom that's it and it's kind
of crazy you just get dropped into this
map alright and you got it you got a
figure shit out and it's it's kind of
crazy like there's there's a little mini
map but there's no radar so you have no
idea where anyone is you just have to
like listen and look for people and I
only got to play a couple Maps like I
said I got about 45 minutes in and it
was pretty fun unfortunately this is not
a game I can take with me on a trip to
play is there a group that you start
with eight players and you whittle down
or go coming in you start four from like
90 players okay and then you're you
whittle down yeah and then your map
after a certain number of minutes you
have to get within a certain zone it
shrinks yeah and if you don't get within
that certain zone like look there's 99
people right
97 and then after a certain while the
zone shrinks again and if you want to
stay alive you have to be within the
zone and then eventually you know you're
close to each other
so here you get to kind of indicate if
it's a kind of shoes where you drop look
at that piece of only can I get that
nature very easy buildings there so I
picture up here just to make
place to go hey sorry get ready god
not good yeah all right there you go
there you go tell you great I had this
way oh look there's like a little town
and a crater that's why I'm heading to
him Oh someone else is heading there too
you see that other guy yeah
oh and shit another guy god dammit this
is gonna be a show oh and another one
this is going to be a short round let's
see is there anything else yeah there's
a little house over there you don't want
to start too near people because whoever
finds a gun first basically wins if
you're near someone else you don't start
with a gun you don't start with any med
kit you don't start with anything okay
so it's just about finding what you can
there's this little house here and some
mmm and I'm a minha I don't believe
there is I don't believe there is a
stamina okay so there are 94 people
alive right now 94 people that you are
playing against okay so I'm trying to
get to this Shack before anyone else
does in hopes that it has some sort of
the goal is to whittle this down to one
to one
yep you need to be the Highlander close
the fucking door close the fucking door
so the smart strategy is to like do a
lot of waiting it out well is the smart
strategy is to find something here we go
like here's a gun yeah you have to find
something to protect yourself with so
it's like you want to wait it out you
want to not be near people but you also
want to explore there's a there's a risk
reward winners probably don't respects
pleura they probably find one good
weapon early kind of camp for a bit take
a few targets of opportunity
I already got the stretch jack I've
already got the strands you laid in
there and you shoot whoever walks in the
door yeah but if they have a better
weapon than me you get you get the drop
on him jack
you still they show up on like a radar
so no no they don't show up on the Ray
just wait the house do you shoot whoever
walks in the door you got 75 rounds
that's most of the people Oh what's he
looking I need to get to this circle
okay or else I'd lose so what is it this
way so the circle it doesn't it's not
always the center of the map right okay
that helps a lot yeah it's right it's
random circle shit I can't I was
figuring somewhere near the center no no
it's always random and then the circle
with him that will be random too
I gotta move I gotta move faster what's
the time huh
how long does it take to it'll give you
a warning it'll say like five minutes to
whatnot but you know it takes takes a
while again takes a while to get there
so yeah you can't just camp sure Oh
boots so what does the clothing do right
so Nestor I don't know what the
first-aid kit that's good I have no idea
so you don't know what the redzone is no
oh but I did get a comprar an SMG
compressor okay that's not gonna help me
yes I am intrigued oh here we go oh look
at this nice big gun hello this avoids
the clusterfuck of your normal look at
this I have one fucking bullet oh wait
there we go never mind now you have two
fucking bullets
not enough space Oh God I was like also
really important finding a backpack god
I can't use that and I only have two
bullets my backpack is incredibly
important cuz like right now I just
can't carry anything how long's this
been out oh wow
I think yeah but everyone
everyone knows what they're doing I
don't know that I would want to get in
on that oh shit what the fuck was that
okay I killed someone or someone killed
me
and also the controller was plugged in
in and vibrated and it scared the crap
out of me I died I died I died that's
scared to crap out of me
alright so that was around alright great
now we go again out it's early access
early access with people who've been
playing it for like half a year or
however long it's been yeah which sounds
like a miserable experience being the
newbie and in that crowd you just saw
how fast
yeah round can end yeah
you just saw how fat but you know what
the nice thing is the rounds I was like
okay I find another group go yeah yeah
hopefully there's some sort of
matchmaking I have no idea if there's
any sort of matchmaking but I hope but
so who is player unknown that their name
is like front and center google him
fucking Google a man
or else maybe they thought this game was
gonna be big so like fuck it let's put
our name on it
here what film is that the mouse that's
the mouse
all right let's see here let's hope
I'm assuming there would be an issue
with players teaming up oh sure I'd be a
group like a group of eight that play
this together would make things
miserable for everyone else there's a
lot of ways for this to go wrong oh yeah
yeah absolutely
but there's also the the hope is that
there's enough of that emergent gameplay
where you know
I want to try to drop someplace where no
one else is going to drop you know
there are teams in this game all right
you can do teams can you wait too long
to deploy the parachute I don't know oh
no no they did automatically deploys
after a while that would be great though
hey miles come in here nice farmhouse
here
nice farmhouse hopefully all to myself I
don't see anybody else around me that's
good no a nice town there my goal my
goal is to kill someone did did the
mission zones the the smaller zones that
pop up too fast I don't know I've you
know it seems thing you could die in one
or two hits anyway I don't know why
you're worried about it being a little
bit of damage there Jack it's nothing
it's fucking it's fucking nothing oh
yeah you did very easily 10% health is
just as good as 100 kind of yeah okay
five minutes
I got nothing rich
oh I'm already in this first zone okay
great so I can take my time and explore
cuz I'm already in the first zone
ooh nice backpack super helpful okay
nice
got myself a backpack I'm feeling good
feeling good this time there's no
rummaging through drawers
no no rummaging through drawers I think
I already have one of those that was a
level 2 backpack I have a level do
backpack as well oh wait I think I got a
I got a bandage and there can only be
one there can only there's one winner
I believe but by the way remember I have
I've also like I've never made it that
far so did you find a big machete I did
find a big machete backpack level 1 I
have a level 2 backpack so I definitely
don't want that level 1 garbage there
are cars level 2 backpack so you know
I'll take the gas just in case there's a
car well it sounds a bigger spot to find
a car jack listen um a town is also a
good place to find you know fucking
everybody I know I know I got I got some
nice houses you might find one on the
farm you might find one on the farm oh
good I said I have some very nice houses
here as far as exploring is concerned I
haven't played too much Friday the 13th
like why didn't you go in the window I'm
in a red zone oh my god what is a red
zone what is a red zone I have no idea
I'm in a red zone have you played this
at all I've played two matches two
matches okay you know just to give the
controls down yeah yeah see if it was
anything I wanted to explore oh hello
now we're talking rich now we're fucking
talking got a big-ass gun now how big
are the squads when you play squad mode
I don't know that's a great question I'm
getting big ideas oh shit and now we
know what the red zone means bitches be
bombing it do you think I'm safe in the
house I don't fucking know I don't know
either
I'm gonna I'm gonna say I'm safe in the
house that's what I'm gonna say wait
they're saying stay inside now the red
zone is over you're fine great fucking I
already have that but I could use all
this ammo
okay so you're playing with a team you
could you could give this to other
players yeah I think so
but like I just picked up a piece for
for one of my machine guns I think I
feel so like then you go into your
inventory and you got like cheek pad for
a sniper rifle like you have all this
other shit like can i how big are the
squats
I have no yeah okay we're gonna have
another jack brings his computer in
we'll get a whole prereq Posse together
whoo I like it
first of all I liked it I liked it what
do I have here an m1 does this work
oh good look I put an extended magazine
on it for show only groups of four all
right all right
oh look now I get 40 now I get 40 shots
fuck yeah restricting play area boop
boop
oh we're still good we're still good
can you shoot their windows that oh shit
we got lots of shit in here you got too
much shit huh shotgun or machine gun you
can only have one you can all it says
switch to so you can only have one oh
hello Luzi well you kind of have a
machine gun how many how much am will
sever the shotgun it yeah let me let me
guy go to my hoozy here I have shit for
my uz2 like this thing for like better
quick-draw quick-draw extended magazine
for my Uzi nice who's he's like having a
machine gun ah
you're absolutely right someone saying
to rob the machete I don't think that
helps I don't think that'll help
come on okay
I already have a backpack you know I got
ten shots with that thing right now by
the way you have to switch the Uzi to
full auto mode oh my god what wait how
do I do that I don't fucking know
I think I played this game right yeah
right now it is on single God maybe you
maybe you should stick to the machine
gun whatever fuck it I got a shotgun oh
god damn it
I'm in another red zone there anything
ever my shotgun everyone wants you to
take the machine-gun the saying you want
the machine gun they're probably
experienced at this game uh-huh
probably I also have a shotgun the I
I've killed exactly one person in this
game rich okay and I did it when I had a
shotgun because they're saying B key
switches fire mode and go back to your
oh you got a goofy helmet on that looks
just stupid
its protection motherfucker looks so
stupid okay I will take it listen I will
take care of this after I'm done with my
round you look like a special needs
soldier yes special for finally playing
Special Forces just your your zero quack
okay nice there you go thank you you're
welcome
still got my shotgun though shotguns is
what's gonna kill people if I if I
happen to run up on someone and I hit
them with a shotgun they're dead right
like one shot uh maybe that well that's
what happened last time I played last
time I played I accidentally rolled up
to someone hit him with my shotgun and
it died in one shot yes fuck yeah all of
these motherfucking bullets now I got an
Uzi I already have that right yeah
gloves take him you have to equip them I
have no fucking idea rich did you have
to equip the helmet no okay yeah you're
wearing the clothes No all right I might
have to go shoot someone now yeah I
think that's a requirement you're still
in the red zone you're in the right
smack-dab in the middle of the red zone
yeah what's that blue bar
the blue okay so now you see the blue
circle here that closes in on this and
then if you're outside of the blue
circle you just take damage until you
die okay is how is how they so it's not
sudden death if you're in the white zone
right right
shit stay in that house while I'm in the
fucking red zone yeah
fucking hell
hey 52 left we're doing great rich we're
doing great give him you're doing great
you haven't done jack shit yep oh you
gonna chance it let me look at my map
here this is neat this is neat we're
right near a town oh shit and yep it's
shrinking it's shrinking so we got to
move well you're in the area trickster
right no it's drinking again can you see
to where yeah I'm here
and it's shrinking yeah okay so it's
shrinking again I have three minutes oh
my god the red zone is still happening
fuck maybe you should just book it I
don't want someone to see me and they
seem to be bombing over there oh my god
in the streams I was watching yesterday
there was a lot of this there's a lot of
prone crawling just because it's harder
for people to see you this way you know
jesus H Christ
yeah but you're out of the mission zone
huh you're out of the mission zone so
all right
oh yeah no people can be anywhere rich
people can be absolutely fuckin anywhere
so right now we have we have like two
more minutes to get within this circle
okay yeah see two minutes okay so and
people could be anywhere out here
someone could be anywhere ever vigilant
ever vigilant I'm gonna officially say
this looks neat it does yeah yeah that's
why that's why I wanted to play it and
you know like I know we've been on our
Friday the 13th kick
I like that it's not the respawn
clusterfuck of a battleground or battle
call of duty yeah yeah yeah oh shit
like here's the map I know where the
weapons spawn right shoot die respond
kill kill die respond I respond killed I
was but if I camp here everybody has to
go through this choke and I'll just kill
people until they find me and that'll
find another the camp and your life
means nothing does you just respond in
two seconds you just run around yep I
think I think I could dig the slower
style yeah well you know it's all it's
all it's all it's different every time
like you saw how long I lasted last time
this time I'm lasting a little bit
longer I feel like I have some good
items I have some health but now it's
just can I kill 43 other people you know
and you can hear people like you can
hear them shoot you know you can hear
them do stuff there's actually like a
silencer or a suppressor it's something
that's really important to the game
because then like people have a hard
time hearing when you shoot and figuring
out where you are okay here we go here
we go rich our area is closing in on us
so we got it you know we're close enough
though so I'm willing to take my time
here keep an eye out keep an eye out
here the blue the blue is about to
shrink in on us but we're close we're
fucking close enough now you're gonna
see in the little mini map the blue bar
is gonna come he's gonna start closing
in on us but we're fine we'll make it
we'll make it in time even though we are
fucking going in a snail's pace so why
do you keep like strafing Oh cuz like
you always just face whatever place the
camera turns you know as I see okay okay
alright shit
we're about to lose cover
get over fucking hell I cannot get over
this I gotta get I gotta get in that
zone or else I'm gonna get I'm gonna get
burnt
alright I'm within the zone now but
there is most likely other people in
this town and out of buildings huh and
out of buildings
what obviously you couldn't get through
that section of the fence where the wire
was already cut right doing great doing
great
we got here smoke grenades interesting
can you take care of so that health you
lost what you dropped what the energy
drink I think this is my health and I
actually think I'm at full health okay
I used to bandage earlier
are you level two I already have a level
two switch to high truck top trainers
that red zones were there bombings
they're bombing almost the entire damn
circle where am I
oh shit I'm way at the ohm I'm Way over
here and I got to get over there yeah I
know you remove them so fucking slow
joke you know I thought I had time rich
I thought I had time I was you know what
I was doing I was playing it smart this
might be rushing you too much well you
know what that they need to you know I
like the idea because they need to force
aggressive aggression right yep they
need to force the players to confront
each other or else everyone will camp
okay okay and so like you have I'm okay
with it in a certain sense and I haven't
played enough to know whether or not why
don't you what do you look at your map
why don't you move there outside of the
red zone well that's why I'm inside
everyone everyone here yeah you're not
gonna throw a by getting shot here
everyone in here is gonna be sprinting
towards the new white zone so I think I
think you want to head a little bit
south of that red zone and then just
move it I'm gonna wait till this round
of bombings over you're almost out of
the bombing area though you're right at
the outskirts oh it's done you're done
great
shit jack please switch that pathetic
firearm I have an Uzi with a shoulder
mount I'm feeling actually pretty good
about my firearm at the moment thank you
very much all right I just read the
things no I think that's great
this is a tense moment of nothing it is
that well this is the the whole point is
you know little bits of story and
gameplay that happened that occurred
naturally restricting the play area at
32nd that's okay that's okay I'm far
enough away from the blue where I feel
like no I'm not but I'm not very close
to the white I'll tell you what okay
well then we're moving then we're moving
rich someone's in here you know because
they're trying to get to the white area
not the blue and red area there there
are they've already left they're already
shooting at each other in the area
that's safe
I don't think we're very close I don't
think we're very close all right here we
go here we go we're sprinting so do you
see that like blue meter and it's
growing on where it shows the running
man that's how close it is to me oh it's
so bothersome that I can't get through
that area
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck okay here
I'm right on the edge I'm right on the
edge of the white zone wrench
I made it alright I made it 25 alive
rich 25 alive okay
here we go here we go the most dangerous
game rich its man
so you see that blue circle closing in
yeah yeah that's that how much smaller
saket I have I have no idea I've never
made it this far before right there yeah
I'm right there
but look there's a lot you might want to
be a little bit careful about yeah
there's a lot of empty area here it's a
nice house right to your left
yeah how did you do that
it's got someone in that car you have
gas is anyone in that car you might be
the only one to have found gas is that
all you need to start a car I have no
idea I don't know where it's there's so
much about this game I don't know it
could be fun
it could be funny fun all right I'm
gonna head towards the car you won't be
able to kill anyone with that you see in
this open area maybe oh it's a tractor
look it's it's not even shit shit
someone sees me oh shit I think they're
shooting for that building
get behind the tractor run
use a bandage how do I use a bandage
there we go
I figured out I need a bandage you
right-click on it too much yeah I
noticed that
all right so were they were they
shooting from that obviously they can't
hit you through the tractor now right I
don't know I think you know what they're
probably admit laying down in that field
somewhere no there is where someone in
that back run it on that running down
that hill they're heading towards the
other house where is he Hey all right
let me try this
hey what do you have bone two one okay
so this back button here is the use so
like that's how you open doors and pick
stuff okay
reload is pressing down on the thumb
what do you have sprinting sprinting is
this top one this is jumping okay and
then map is up inventories that way
prone is down on the d-pad so to lay
down and to crouch you press down on the
down the control stick
whoa pretty intense guys right dead to
guy you never know that's the one thing
I do wish they had some sort of kill cam
yeah that'll be nice I really wanted to
know where that person was how do we
what start to play just okay this play I
figure just waiting for round yeah no no
no I'll be right back and there are our
BAM
what if we just have a second set of
bindings so I could get something I want
but I don't think I have anything bound
to this or this no no I don't and what
you're reloading again pressing down on
the thumb down on this one oh that one's
yeah which isn't great I don't love that
play see that would probably be my
sprint ah see yeah yeah yeah yeah all
right so I'm gonna do this but what's
prone down on the d-pad
Oh
I think he just went into first yeah eat
so yeah you see your map and like press
action anytime you want to leave which
ones action that one oh that's such a
weird that would so be an auxilary
button and and for being an action is
usually my top button on my mouse but
your mouse is different than my mouse
everybody looks so bummed well yeah I
think like I think the premise of the
game is like you know it's it's a it's
one I like it's like a Hunger Games type
situation I actually don't think there
is an official premise at the moment
nice-nice farm house away from
everything and you'd see if other people
were dropping your you huh yeah like I
think there are some people in front of
you like right there you can see one but
he's not he's not near you nice nice
doing great yeah battle royale type
situation I think that's the premise
alright nice little a nice little
grouping a house is here a lot to
explore
oh god that's weird
that's just how I have it and you don't
need it that way take a moment rebind
smoke grenade oh nice
oh yeah well back back helpful site yeah
that's like stuff you can you can you
can snap on to your gun later shotgun
nice so the wheel you know the wheel is
what you do so change guns and you need
to reload first so like yep we got a
sick shooter
nice whoo 1/8 shooter or 7 shooter
apparently well then fix it fix it rich
you probably don't to fix it now though
I'll be honest with you what did you do
I'm stuck in the main menu thing here
what you don't have this problem how
that should be escape that is this game
that wasn't getting me out of it no well
sure okay yeah then you just have to
deal with these bindings for now no now
they're all fucked up now that's not
opening the door what did you do the
mouse stopped working
the mouth stop working is what happened
your tips are broken your broken also
we're not reading them because the
laptops way over there hold on hold on
she's gonna die yeah probably but that's
fine
take a moment rebind take a moment to
rebind yeah by the way our tips it does
seem like our tips are broken let me
start again
we're not getting any new tips so if you
are trying to tip they are broken that
happens sometimes with PayPal PayPal
says hey warden it's not working today
so sorry wheres print cap has yes we are
because this is the first time we've
played it
all right that's that's confirmed yeah
tips are broken we're not getting any
new tips I just refreshed so twitch is
having some issues that happens how do
we apply huh oh you piqued rights you
need to say something needs to be set to
peak right so just a random letter that
you're not using okay now you can apply
okay yeah all right okay here we go
rich is playing the game Kappas rich is
playing the game right at this moment
yeah so like with backpacks you want to
pay attention to like levels all right
right I love them one backpack obviously
if you balcony
Oh Alec I guess way I get downstairs
where they stare there we go
like the mini-map to rotate with me
there's probably a setting
what's the dotted line that is the
straightest path to the to the zone you
need to go to so you know as as the the
blue gets closer that dotted line
represents the straightest path to get
to the good circle ah sickle where are
we oh we are so far out aren't we got a
book you can have one big gun one small
gun certain limited sprint one handgun
yes and one mini-map needs to rotate
with me that's probably a setting
somewhere Oh God you are so far away you
are so far away
thirty Seconds that was a control
adventure is what that was that's right
that's right what am i drinking I'm
drinking a and M K brewing hop freak as
you all know this is one of my favorite
beers and because I can only have one
beer tonight as I have to get a very
early tomorrow to go on a road trip you
might as well make that beer and 8.7%
IPA
yeah you have a while you have a while
because you have that blue line it feels
like I'm going left of the way I need to
go that mini-map needs to fucking rotate
rich I bet it's a setting you can change
I know I don't have time just set it
right now I got 10 seconds oh yeah it's
it's gonna start gaining on you now
we're basically dead no it's fine I
contemplated mowing my lawn then said
screw that yeah yeah you know you don't
have to today well I guess it's Sunday
we usually want to do that on the
weekend
- Oh double barrel oh fuck I got a run
through the pub you got a run through
the bomb area rich cheese is gonna be
great Bryce is gonna be great
you make that MKE beer sound so good it
is this is great this is so it's a
double IPA brewed with reishi tea and
the tea gives it a really nice like
floral flavor not a fruit flavor but a
floral flavor and it's a fine it's a
heck of a double IPA you know when that
blue line catches up to the runner yeah
yeah that's when you start and really
you just get injured you know so you'll
have a ways to go but you might make it
floral like plant yeah yeah it has a
plain tea floral flavor and it's great
it's a it's a great you know especially
like I mean you have to like IPAs IPAs
have a very you know hoppy almost bitter
flavor to them as is obviously you need
to like IPAs first button torches fuck
today I'm very sorry that's witches fuck
today that happens sometimes why is it
good to have a floral flavor well it's a
issue it's an interesting flavoring you
want to drink something that's
interesting you know like it's it's not
you know there are some beers that you
want to drink you know when it's a hot
day and you just want something like
crisp and refreshing this is more of a
slow drink kind of drink because it's
full of booze you might want to take
that bridge yard there over there
so how much of this game is is Luck and
spawning in an area that is near than
the next zone you need to run to like me
out on the other side of the map for
anything but you're making it and right
now I'm not doing anything useful a
medical surge well to be fair you you
spent a lot of time
not knowing what I was doing yes
everybody was doing rebinding your
controls more importantly so so far
every place that I've dropped in has had
something like a weapon or a backpack or
some item that was useful so I'd say you
know 20 percent luck 80 percent skill
you need to hit oh yeah and you're
trying to go around the bomb zone open
bombs I'm done
but
your clothes rich your clothes you're
doing it you're doing it
this game is 99% running around in
finding shit 1% getting murdered that's
fair I think that's a totally fair
judgement it's fine I like the idea of
something slower player so what am i
doing on the road trip brick Jaeger were
you driving for most of the time we're
camping we're gonna you know take some
time to see some of the money as some of
the sites you know we're gonna go
through North and South Dakota so we'll
see some of the sites there's a water
park somewhere around there that we're
gonna stop at you made it rich you made
it to the safe zone I've made nothing
you've made nothing yet because there
could be
nope
three minutes 20 seconds where's the new
map area yes I will be gone for the next
few streams at very least I'll be gone
Wednesday and next Sunday probably also
gone the following Wednesday depending
on how long it takes me to get back but
rich will be here doing solo streams he
said he's gonna try to wrangle Karen for
one
doing great rich you're making it
hydra-matic game how's it going who's
gone George Romero just past's if that's
what you're talking about
George Romero just passed away it's a
little car a little bit ago so he's
gonna car up there I think you think so
something large moving fast oh yeah
someone someone's around you have you
hear that yeah
probably in there right I would assume
oh yeah
someone's killing a lot of people
that's a tree that it's not a person
that looks like a person but that was a
tree right this is not a first person
only server I know I saw that I was
reading about that today's they've added
some some servers that are dedicated
first person only I think there are pros
and cons to being in first person
obviously oh wait there was a person
there was person right to your left to
your left did you see him he was over
there I don't think he saw you I don't
help me like that don't help me like
that I don't know I appreciate it but I
don't want you feels like cheating feels
like cheating listen multiplayer this
isn't we're not fighting robots yeah
you know first person obviously you can
you can get a better shot but I think
you can see less when you're in first
person there's a there's a bigger field
of view when you're in the third person
so you know scoping out probably in that
building right I think he went that way
to be honest with you but
yeah I'm gonna backseat game I've just
been I've been cutting up a bunch of the
old streams and this is all just payback
for all of fuck this for all of Rich's
backseat gaming during a Friday the 13th
so and like in those early Friday the
13th streams rich you were just just
straight-up like calling out what to do
I well I had a lot more experience than
you to the end that was like my first
time playing and so like I get it Odie's
yeah there's a guy that just went to
that oh my god rich you're in a hot zone
you're in a goddamn hot zone see how
this plays out
like you know it's hard like Romero
passing obviously like anyone who is
into horror movies the the low-budget
genre Romero Romero started it but also
he was a very old man you can't you
can't begrudge him or you know like you
can't be you can't be like shocked at
his passing because he was so old it's
an old man
motorcycle
which one's home which ones oh the back
of the use use button oh here is he's
out there he was up Tom no he was right
now oh you said up there I said he's up
I said okay I said he was out he's out
there who's gonna go in and close range
him with the shotgun he was literally
right in front of you I said I said out
there he was out there this is why you
should be back seam gave me because you
just backseat gave me into a death he
would I said he's out there he's up
there if he was right side of you you
didn't see him someone someone check if
I said outer up outer up clip that and
that's right rich don't blame your
shitty skills on other oh fuck off so
someone check the replay Oh a lot of
people are saying they heard out they
heard out and he's out there it's fine
rich fine that was like that was your
first time playing yeah there's
literally your first time playing I
spent most of its printing I mean you
saw my game that's I think that's kind
of the game ooh
no well rich rich could have gotten on
the motorcycle like that was the use
button I think to hop on the motorcycle
I was sitting my use but I wasn't doing
anything no well then I don't know what
L is so all right I was just L whatever
you have al bouncers goofy thing I'm
sure I don't know I heard out but I also
saw the guy that was the thing like he
was right in front of you I was trying
to figure out what L was I'm this thing
moron it's one of those games where you
get where you run for ten minutes and
then get instagib
kinda kinda well that's the balancing
problem camping versus you need the
Sprint did yeah but you can't camp like
because the the battle arena is is
constantly shrinking so they're pushing
you towards each other they are
encouraging you towards each other
Ellie's just interact it's shit that's
just the used button so maybe you hit
the wrong button button okay now hit
okay there you go
okay great
rule number one mute chat right right
just watch the clip well the the
important part is cap has did I say
outer up that's the important thing
whether rich saw him or not he was
futzing with stuff that's the question
Kappas
Oh rich what people are saying I set up
yeah oh no now people are saying I set
out what did I say the cap has just
rewatched it I said out all right all
right I fucked out jack you fucked out
Jack I like them ooh that truck I don't
know if you can you know I don't know
how that works
whoa whoa oh vest vest Deepu look what's
going on with your fancy mouse buttons
big gummy in this one Oh is the dress
blue or gold Jack what is oh I remember
that remember when that was going around
the internet a while ago the dress blue
or gold that was an internet thing
a 45 Cal that's pretty good and got an
Uzi there nice
so because rich Jack found pleasure in
Friday the 13th he's giving other early
access multiplayer games a chance a bait
you know what actually yeah I know a lot
of a lot of you people in chat
recommended this to me or to us oh nice
backpack and yeah because of our success
with Friday the 13th I started watching
some streams of it yesterday there are
some people you know just stream it
watch it and see what it's all about and
I watch a couple matches and I said you
know I bet this could lead to a lot of
fun and usually we don't or me
personally I don't get into early access
games but this also seems like that game
that will never ever leave early access
so you know you just want to you have a
45 count out that keep the handgun you
have I assume your 45 caliber is
stronger than the other one oh you can
attach a quick-draw mag to your pistol I
don't know what that is was this that's
for an SMG of vertical I don't know you
might need something else
I don't know that won't work all right
but that you can attach your pistol to
do what I don't know oh but let you know
what you might need to reload your
pistol okay in every one last time I
attach something different to something
I needed to reload it but so you know I
watched a couple streams and I said hey
this could be fun
frag grenade so I pick them the fragran
end I believe you did
alright what else is there - oh you know
what we can talk about this is something
he's bullets and a sickle and you need
that something we can talk about is I
was incredibly I was having a bad day
earlier this week rich I had some free
time you know got done with the episode
got done with a whole bunch of work that
I needed to get done before I go on
vacation maybe if you go to the dry oh
maybe that Jeep if you go to the driver
side of that Jeep maybe no what about
that rusty Jeep I'll try the rusty Jeep
but I mean I don't know that's not a
rusty Jeep know that behind you I don't
I don't
we're exploring Jack were exploring oh
sorry sorry I didn't I didn't know you
were exploring so I had some free time
and I said to myself hey you know what
would be great for the road trip and for
camping is if I had a nice I want to
drive this Jeep out of here let me drive
this Jeep out of here
do I have to equip the gas cam or
something weird you can use it to fuel
vehicles with it I don't know if you
right-click on the gas can and what what
happens
I would only at something anything about
this I'd only assume you get a day yeah
you get a prompt when you get close to a
vehicle yeah so that's what I assumed
that Jeep is not a drivable one okay
well fine that's just that's not knowing
and so I said to myself hey I've got
some free time I'm gonna finally pick up
one of these million books that I have
lying around that I really want to start
reading and so I finally started reading
sleeping giants which is a book that
gets high praise a new one just came out
called waking gods and they're supposed
to be good
these books are supposed to be really
good and what I found is you know had a
little prologue and it's about this
little girl shotgun nice it starts and
it's about this little girl and she
falls into a hole and they discover that
what she actually falls into at the
bottom of the hole is a giant metal hand
and it's all spooky right and the first
chapter starts as an interview some sort
of like mr. Smith type agent is
interviewing now the grown-up girl and
it is a giant exposition dump like it is
she talks like no human being would talk
just catching us up to her life her what
her parents did what was going on and
it's just an interview that's an
exposition jump and I hated it
and it was gross but you know you get
through it because the exposition and I
liked a lot of the world that it was
building and we get to the second
chapter and the second chapter is in the
same format it's an interview with a
different character so I say fuck
they're gonna do this to introduce all
the characters what a lazy way to write
this book you know just exposition dump
the characters and as I kept reading
every single chapter
either an interview or like a personal
journal like it's not written like a
normal story is written it's all written
in the form of somebody's personal
journal and I thought it was so fucking
terrible yes let's talk about the things
we both know for some reason because
it's an interview a helmet nice joke's
on you you read a book I know well yeah
the point is I thought it was really
terrible and I had to put it down I
stopped reading it I know I'm talking
about waking or sleeping giants I think
it's called it's either sleeping giants
are waking gods and it's really slow and
dry and boring and I've really disliked
it but then on the recommendation of my
wife I started reading the first book in
the mad atom trilogy which is called
onyx and crack or craic onyx and craic
and that I have been really really
enjoying incredibly strong first chapter
weird characters like post apocalypse
future super strange to do a great job
of kind of setting up the world so I've
been really enjoying the maddaddam
series onyx and craic I think is the
name of the first one so
use the inventory screen to loot instead
of looking for things manually I don't
know what that means so I mean she go
here to loot I guess okay oh sure like
maybe you can see exactly what it is
you're looting then they say rich the
only melee thing that's worth it is the
pan if you see a pan pick that up as a
melee weapon because I do believe it
deflects and bullets what yeah that's
dumb it acts like armor like if someone
shoots you in the back then they they
might hit the pan so I've seen that the
pan blocks but shots so there you go if
you want to read the second laziest book
ever written read ready player one if
you want to read the laziest books read
Armada both written by Ernest Cline
ah well there you go no this this waking
God's was infuriating Lee dry and just
just lazy it was it was you know like
like I said it was it was phrased like
an interview and so like what an easy
way to exposition dump if you're in an
interview type scenario and I hated it I
read the first like four five chapters
hoping that eventually you know the
regular book would start and it never
started oh and it was an interesting
world and I kind of liked some of the
ideas and so it was really frustrating
loved to find a usable vehicle sure that
would be fantastic
alright well there you go
Diane two seconds I don't know this is
gonna be a game for me Jack you know
what that's Farish take a couple more
times and I'll take a couple times all
right um all right great crying says
Jackie should look into the book we'll
save the galaxy for food by Yahtzee
crow sure yeah you know what I have that
actually I have will save the galaxy for
food I have read all of yahtzee's books
I really recommend Jam if you have not
read bye bye
the guy who does the game reviews
Yahtzee crow shot the the zero
punctuation reviews yeah he writes books
and his first book moog world is a
little bit of this a little bit yeah but
jam even though it hasn't like the
ending is man the whole book is good
and it's a it's a really fun read Jam so
I do have save the galaxy for food and
look forward to reading it it's on my
list it is on my list
what is the gold you earn at the end of
each match used for I don't know I don't
know
welcome Tom Ken thanks for joining us
Jack what is the best way to give
exposition to a reader well yeah well
you want to try to find it naturally
like you know if a character if you if a
character is headstrong and jumps into
danger at a moment's notice instead of
like having a person say so I notice
you're headstrong and jump into danger
at a moment's notice instead of doing
that maybe give that character like
something to do so they jump in to
danger at a moment's notice and we just
get to look so you know like we just get
to like see them do the thing and then
we know what their characters about if
something happens in the past instead of
having the character to tell us about
that maybe you could do a flashback and
we can just see or read about the thing
that they want to do there are natural
ways to make this happen Jack does not
hate exposition Jack hates exposition
dumps any time in which you stop like
watching the movie so you can read a
list of all the things that happened in
the past that's no good exposition is a
necessary tool but there is a natural
way to handle it
fuck it jack fucking fuck everything
what are you what are you doing just
going into the big city or in a big city
fuck it fuck this right into the big
city
there's too many examples of people who
do exposition well - but you can't
narrow it down to only one thing like
yeah there's only one way to do
exposition there's a bunch of ways to do
it but you know when it's done well and
what I'm saying is an entire book of
interviews and journal entries isn't the
most engaging read at least for me oh my
god rich almost gonna be insanity this
is gonna be great
you got to kill some fuckers man you
have got to kill some fuckers right away
you're getting on a roof not my choice
how do I get off of roof you you fall
and hurt yourself oh well you didn't
hurt yourself great
what a mask wearing a face thing Jack
your gun me again why didn't they
license this as a battle royale game I
think they already have one to be honest
with you but I don't know maybe that's
why it's in early access still there
waiting to license it one house this
game that doesn't have a weapon in it
that's where I land you haven't checked
them all yet you haven't checked them
all yet I'm not space you need a
backpack motherfucker oh there you go
ooh a nice weapon - you probably kill
some people with that
so backpack what were you you something
I dropped you're running you're out of
space so if you want those bullets you
need to drop something else
oh actually you can attach that
quick-draw mag and then that might clear
up some space extended mag that's for an
SMG now so how do we drop things yeah I
have no idea maybe right-click on them
oh there you go look at that I got 30
bullets let's go kill some fuckers and
take their shit yeah I bet they got it
back back time to kill some fuckers kill
some fuckers - where are they
they're all just searching other stuff
they're all just searching other houses
metal song battle lack of a backpack is
gonna kill me oh yeah oh yeah
prepare the butt clenching yeah yeah so
far you know we've had some moments oh
man
rich well you need to I think there are
there are times that you need to slow
down and check your surroundings and
you're a little slow at noticing the
people but I think you can get there
nice to see that was a nice room clear
right there rich back back some level
three is that what it said nice nice and
I could hold all the shit all this shit
yep good good clear the whole room nice
Claire oh shit
someone's right up in it
no I don't want no one no but you do
want the big gun this is a big gun
headphones really help you know where
the sound is coming from oh I absolutely
believe I absolutely believe then yeah
there there Oh God
it's also time to start moving people
are recommending you know check out the
windows before you head outside see if
anyone's out there no we need to find
and exit and we need to start moving
mebu TV we don't know how to check the
inventory so we're just gonna keep doing
it the way we're doing because right now
we're just concerned about staying alive
so I've been seeing in chat a lot of
people saying hey if you if you press
tab or if you check the inventory while
you look at something it's easier to for
switching but you know also we're just
trying to figure out the game ourselves
we appreciate all of the suggestions but
also you know sometimes you got to let
us figure it out on our own I had a lot
of ground to cover
yeah you do ten seconds slow but
remember that's just when it starts
moving in so you have time I always pick
the wrong fucking area let's see here
invisible string says gentlemen two
jacks point about exposition how do you
think Star Trek fares in that regard it
frequently uses sci-fi tech jargon to
quickly explain events is exposition
more allowed in sci-fi well isn't the
the forever joke in Star Trek is that
Worf is an idiot right he's usually the
character that people need to explain
stuff - isn't that the general joke
Riker who comes up with like an idea and
then someone says no I have a better
idea and let me explain it isn't
usually Riker I thought it was always
wharfing who was like who's like why
would that work worse job is to get his
ass kicked so other things seem tough
maybe it was Riker who's the dumb one
yeah I think it's Riker ok dumb one like
generally speaking in in any in any
property sci-fi or otherwise there's
either the new guy whose job it is to be
like what's going on in here or the dumb
guy who needs things explained to him
it's wrong you're a really fun game if
you're in the center of the circle I
think you can find it you can find fun
no this sucks this sucks this sucks
it needs to be a smaller increments for
zone narrowing I found some good stuff
already to start looking for people oh I
got a run I don't have time to start
looking for people to kill I have to run
or to run well but here's the thing
though they have to run to ok and then
the people who were lucky enough to
spawn in the server will have more time
to look for things and gather supplies
is this is bullshit this is bullshit
they're saying there is a wharf denied
compilation on YouTube of all of wharfs
bad ideas that is necessarily bad ideas
that's usually when he recommends
blowing something up what I correct
myself Worf serves two purposes one to
get his ass kicked to make other things
look tough yeah as other purpose is to
make humanity look angelic and Picard
look good and peaceful and wise because
they come up across an unknown vessel
and ones like phasers locking phasers
sir and then harness like no we're gonna
talk to them first Worf we believe in
peace you goddamn monster yeah okay so
wolf swerves other purposes to
immediately jump to let's shoot them a
so Picard and other people could say no
Worf No so we're benevolent so Picard
could have look good just by virtue of
not shooting them yes okay all right you
know what that's fair that's absolutely
fair rich yeah half of those wolf denied
ziz when he wants to lock on recommend
we fire two photon torpedoes Picard says
no hail them
yes
well maybe why don't I have it gasps you
don't need it what's oh my god there's a
car
oh my god this is amazing
are you gonna die now nope
I'll take it I wish I could shoot while
on the bike you would assume that map so
needs to rotate well with me you can fix
that you might have lost some health
because you fell off your motorcycle
that's fine
all right you are now inside the zone so
now you can get right to the center if
you want you can go anywhere you want
man the world's your oyster I can only
assume it runs out of gas at some point
oh I said I think I see that it has that
little red bar there and then lower left
I bet that's its gas
how its town huh
get off the bike yeah all right we're
looking for fuel
hey nice fuel or warm bodies it's a
murder but so like as far as like order
on hold
okay murder on hold as far as exposition
in Star Trek is concerned usually like
they just kind of like because they have
a team dynamic it's really just one
person explaining it and so Jordi's you
know like Geordi comes up with the idea
well you know what might work captain if
we set our deflector dish to this
frequency we can do this and so you like
you kind of get the science and all that
just through dialogue or it's like
Picard like at the beginning of an
episode Picard is talking to Troy and he
and he goes on this mission Troy we're
going to be doing this and talking to
these people and this is who these
people are Troy and so you know the
exposition has handled a little
wait wait wait I do that oh I've got an
a K and up Oh
oh you do need to reload your a cave oh
yeah bandages how do I use them right
click maybe hold down right click that's
how I use them before I just held on
right-click were you holding that right
click I'm holding a now no on bat women
you're like in the inventory that's how
I use them before I'm sorry that is how
I used them before all right all right
Oh bandages and first-aid can only be
used when health is below 75% all right
so thank you already I extended mag on
my pistol who needs a fucking pistol
right back to the motorcycle we I gotta
get to the missions own mission zone
that's not what I want
god damn it let's see here leftover
beefcake says when you're in Canada Jack
finds the people responsible for press X
and not die and give them a good dick
punch for us won't you thank you well
unfortunately I will be over in Calgary
and they were in Vancouver very far away
the place I'm going to in Canada is also
known as Bumblefuck why don't you just
run into someone with your motorcycle
probably right I think partly shoot me
though sure they see it coming
okay you're in the zone still yep how
can we make coffee yeah how can I make
coffee at work they got rid of the
coffee machine fire safety hazard so I
put coffee in a filter and used a string
and microwaved water works surprisingly
well you could always cold brew just
take a you know a bunch of nice chunky
coffee grounds dunk it in some water
cover it the next day run it through
some filters and you could call brew or
you can bring in a kettle and use a
something like a arrow press or a French
press
I say get a kettle then you don't have
to worry about microwaving water I want
to shoot somebody so bad but of course
if they got rid of the coffee maker
before a fire hazard they might not let
you have a kettle but how can you have a
microwave if they got rid of a or how
can you have a helmet well you have a
facemask I don't pry the helmet I'd
rather look a badass in this fair I'm
confused by this just Lobby them to get
you a some sort of coffee making device
I'd say go for kettle and French press
or arrow pressed if it's just you that
drinks coffee does America have electric
kettles yes we have electric kettles
look at that look at that
what oh something out there oh there's
something down there steal my bike
that's what they're gonna do they're
gonna come up those stairs and shoot you
where's the fuckin stairs over there
that door right
alright you knew they were there
I wish what do you want to do what do
you want me to do I don't know I don't
know they're all right there you came
down there right there why don't you
shooting I was shooting they shot first
mm-hmm all right I'm done I'm just done
okay good take that he's done that's
fair I'll give it a couple goes yeah
don't forget to change the binding

[Part III]
I'll give it a couple goes yeah yeah
don't forget to change the bindings back
there's something you're comfortable
with oh shit you're right yeah I do want
exit this match what is it seven yeah
it's only seven wait when did we start
five we started five it's only seven
that's fine okay graphics probably
I want the sensitivity up a little bit
okay interact now I see like if I this
is set to escape
I like interacted there chuckle map up
there toggle the inventory of this it's
fine
in-game menu that push-to-talk fine
I need haven't said - what do you have
reload so to that top button this one on
the phone yeah okay that's good
well what am I missing now
contrary to what you think you should
drop into populated areas that way you
can learn to fight instead of wandering
for 20 minutes and dying instantly
that's that I did but apparently the
mission zone after I dropped into the
populated area was on the other side of
the map so I had ah fuck this game rich
is not having a good time
rich pressed like a button that doesn't
get pressed a lot perfect oh wait no way
that's not gonna be a hit again I know
you're picking buttons though you
wouldn't get pressed a lot on the right
side of the keyboard that's what I've
got half of that Mouse bound ooh sure I
think I have everything said the way I
like it but we're gonna find out shortly
rich is just a bad loser not rich his
games were you you died in one bullet
real quick it's just no and you know
what you're new to it you're still
learning it yeah I don't I don't want to
get my ass kicked playing a game for
three months just so I could be middle
of the pack no I think that's fair
that's fair
you need armor I couldn't find it so
whatever I mean did you you got you go
through you see what happens here you
see what happens in the game right guys
everybody
I think you should hit the tab button
near items it will shoot all the items
in your vicinity and you can put them on
your gun body backpack faster
I'm likely never going to pick up this
game ever again so I don't have to worry
about it I will try that
use tab so then you get you're getting
near an area and you hit tab okay I will
I will give that a the old I will give
that the old try I tell you what this
doesn't get my my this game is shit
writing this gets my this is why I can't
stand multiplayer games rating well you
got this dickhead who thinks it's really
funny just a cough here we go here we go
rich right into a populated area boom
it's happening we're gonna fuck some
shit up who's near me who's near me
who's near me who's near me nobody near
me nobody near me can land on a roof a
matter of strats nope hop on the smaller
one and get off here we go
here we got boom close the fucking door
okay tap stayed okay great okay yeah
that does work that does work nice yo
Inc all right now we need now we need
some guns now we need some guns rich I
got a I got a I got a fucking machete
and that'll do great you know for two
seconds until anyone else has a gun Jack
did vine sauce contact you at any point
recently yes no okay
no they have not okay we we did an
interview with him once yeah we early on
yeah we talked to him a while ago
mr. vine sauce
but no no one no one has from that
organization has gotten a hold of us
anytime recently no gun no gun move
close the fucking door
KJ tb8 hey rich sorry if you get this
one a lot
but you and Mike she considered doing a
TNG episode commentary it's just the
motivation I need for a full reviewing
cheers and have a good one someone to do
something Star Trek on review never
never got around to it
yeah you should maybe maybe Mike's
waiting for sweeps week I got a pan now
I could just use a gun got it rich I got
the pan I'll be unstoppable if I can
find a fucking gun now this is what kind
of board is that across your lap that
you are setting your mouse and keyboard
on do you like it it is a rather it be
raised as your preferred way of way to
couch PC game it is are you ready for
this a lap board ordinary ordinary lap
desk purchased I think this one was
purchased at Target
nothing nothing fancy or gamers specific
about it nope
this might not be the best choice but I
like this gun better shit where am I
where am i no fucking no way I'm at the
map button again oh my god
yep fuck yep you need a car is what you
need cuz you're gonna die trying to get
across that bridge if you walk
I think it's car or bust at this point I
believe you're right
and so far that's three matches in a row
where we've been on like the exact
opposite side of the map pretty much I'm
in a town there might be a car I heard
shots so there's probably someone else
around here got two minutes I got two
minutes to find a fucking car oh we can
kill someone though see him I go over
there and kill that fucker he's now
looking out from here right now
you see him yeah he's like looking at
his inventory right there
I don't even know that's a frickin
person I think he was there shit I know
as a frickin person who's shooting at me
now oh yeah that was him
see he's gone now where is he who's
shooting at me fuck yeah we gotta be
better net oh well at least it ended
quickly I think I hate this that's fair
I think that's fair range the grim Panda
says hey rich
don't worry about pub G this game yep
hump you yep
player unknowns battleground probably
the worst game ever for someone who
doesn't like multiplayer games about red
she does not like typically yeah the one
I like is Friday the 13th which isn't
like any shooter at all right so bunny
chance did you get to check out
Shadowrun I haven't yet
r.i.p ga romero officially year of dead
kings old people dying 77 yards on the
younger end of old people die and I'll
be happy if I make it 77 I think a lot
of people are happy if they make it to
77 yeah I'm not that big on overwatch
either I'm just not a multiplayer
shooter guy that's just not me
right and that's fair I'm into it hey I
like I'm into it a little bit I'd love
some time just to I'd love to get like a
few Sal oh oh yeah
I'd love to get a few solid hours in non
streaming unfortunately I won't be able
to do it till I come back from a trip
but I'm into it overall hey I dig what
it's trying to do I'd love you know
though hecka says hello gentlemen
I tipped earlier but twitch was being a
real big jerk
it's not I'm here that first game you
played tonight was dogshit
yeah was good choice rich
going for that radio tower this could be
a huge mistake and we've crashed are you
guys you guys ever stream a doom game
again it almost certainly will stream a
doom game again fuck yeah fuck yeah fuck
yeah we will in before complaining about
circle yeah well I didn't so fuck you
and you're not in before yep
chat i have jumped in near the middle
ish and it's still been unlike and very
far away from baby not quite dead center
but not on the very I don't think I've
ever gone on the outskirts of the map
got a nice fucking shotgun here rich no
that's outside
we don't want outside yet yeah and the
serger doesn't show up right away so
like obviously like no circle now you
have no idea where the circle is gonna
show up told Jack that tapping the aim
button and holding it functions
differently times and you tap the aim
button the other what tap the aim button
don't hold it tap it oh then you go into
like first person and then holding it
kind of just you know locks in your
target interesting in oh yeah what you
Inc now I'm cool what are you know I
want you anyway I we got to get moving
Oh nope
rich I'm foul dead center in the circle
it happened it fucking happened you're
gonna need something better than a
double-barrel shotgun well this would be
great if I if I run into someone by
accident
anonymous says r.i.p Jordan for marrow
but Jesus is said to have risen on the
third day yet Sunday is only two days
after Friday can't Christians count what
the Sabbath isn't the day that Jesus
rose Easter Sunday
that's just when Easter is come that's
when people decided to celebrate it
that's not necessarily alright alright I
know I give a shit about any of this
it's not me it's none of my business
grind I'm at the church today not
because I go to church but because uh I
went for a first come here baptism God
is it boring it's just so fucking boring
my kids are not used to it at all and
and like and my oldest was just like can
I bring books can I bring some books
sounds like no you can't bring books
that would be rude just you know you sit
and you watch and you know so what we
why did you go again
baptism Oh for someone else first uh
first so you know someone I'm close to
obviously so I was like yeah you know
you go to the baptism park is like can I
bring a book now I can't bring a book
that'd be rude
just let me stay home huh I'm stay home
both me and Lisa head I go he asked the
goat sister that's your Excuse I can't
leave the kids alone I don't want to
make a thought you ought to be loud
during the baptism it was someone close
enough where that was not a good that
was not a good enough excuse a big fault
he's like okay I just like lay down and
nap and I was like no that would be rude
to and then he goes everything's rude
there that's yep we don't listen we
don't go yes church is a stupid place is
that what you said pretty much pretty
much yes Church is a stupid place and
but it's like you know we don't go that
often we're going now and then we get
cake afterwards
like all right jack you need to loot
aggressively in the early game not crab
walk down a hill fuck you oh I don't
care I'm trying not to get my ass shot
how about that
close the fucking I'm working on not
getting shot that is my that is
objective number one hello
oh wait if I do tab and I can just won't
move except for I can't bring any of
that over because I don't have a fucking
backpack well you wanna put ammo in that
somehow huh your gun needs ammo oh shit
you're right I'll pick this up and then
if I go here and do this then am I able
to pick up this yes I am and do this
nice
listen I've never I've never been like
so in the area before and so I am I'm
playing very cautiously because I'm in
the zone auto so I'm in the play zone so
I'm gonna be looking for bitches make
sure I don't get my ass killed I could
drive this car but why would you want to
why would you want to because I'm in the
zone the jack they're restricting the
play area that doesn't matter to me like
I can't jump over this rich that's what
bothers me
he should really go to those cargo
containers you're a cargo container
Mossberg yeah I said it I meant it
people are trying to help you out I try
and do you solid I hear ya they want to
see you do well you know in life I want
to see them shut up so it's like it's
great it works out great for both of us
I need a backpack people I have I have a
shotgun and and Anna newsy and no way to
carry anything useful at the moment so
I'm gonna be looking for a backpack if
any of you can help me find a backpack
hello
unless you're saying a backpack is in a
cargo area which I don't think you were
saying found a backpack
you fucking junk backpack level 2 mine
mine they want me to be a better
backseat gamer chat yeah yeah yeah so
good on it yeah I don't care if you died
okay well that's fair you know what
that's absolutely fair all right no
that's not what I want so that's not
reload that's not reload all right fuck
everything's fine I don't know what a
shotgun choke does but I have one
you know I'm shotgun I do have a shotgun
oh you do well put the truck on it I did
that's what I'm saying I don't know what
it does
assuming it tightens the spread mmm
chokes it a good move one of the streams
I was watching earlier someone was
really looking for a shotgun choke and
was upset when they didn't find one and
so I can only assume it is a good thing
chokes pellets let's spread more reach
nice is it installed properly yep all
right all right you know what rich sure
the fuck is
level three military vest fuck yeah
can I use this here no apparently not
that's fine you own whatever you are
all right you know what feeling pretty
good feeling pretty good this is what
someone comes out of nowhere and kills
me yeah
all your assertion for vest was for
nothing
you're you're out in the open and you're
armed with a shotgun I don't know I got
a choke on it I got to choke on it rich
okay okay this is what you said the
pellets go fighter faster just saying I
got the fucking show just they want you
to find a pen a pen yeah I know I know
the pan covers my ass I don't have a pan
it's level one backpack never there -
they're just it's three the the the the
top of the line I don't know did you
just switch shotguns I did but I got it
back did you oh okay yeah I'm loaded
that's strange no that's Oh did it yeah
that was like a 12-gauge though no this
is a 12-gauge okay oh no that's an A
that's a tonight
okay we're doing great we're doing great
red dot sight all right
you can test it out oh yeah I do not see
it do I have to turn it on hold tap the
aim instead of holding it huh which is
probably the way you should be shooting
Jack about to drop some sick loot for
his opponent is what they're saying Jack
they said the same thing about you
that's and that must be a thing you say
oh listen whoever kills me is gonna get
some great shit what's behind you some
shit I'm sure lots of bullets
shotgun nice
rich had twitchcon probably not you know
thank know is it is it in Milwaukee even
if it was Richard would you go no there
you go that's a nice honesty evil Lord
David said hey Jack David here today
over here you were going to Calgary
earlier I am go to Calgary
I live there what there's a really big
game store here called sentry box with
lots of cool board games check it out
live again you live in fucking Calgary
what are the odds decent it's a big city
calgary's not that fucking big that's
Bumblefuck man and actually I will be
outside of Calgary but that's just like
the closest but wait what was the name
of the store again
drats sentry-box century box
okay well look at all I can do it if I'm
close enough no that does but I'm sure
it does something cool over a million
people live there yeah big city Calgary
yeah yeah the Baron Burton fucking
Milwaukee oh yeah they say they think
it's time for you to hunker down in camp
I mean I'd like to find a better place
to camp than this it's a fairly big
house
other sniper rifles in this game I would
assume there but at the same time I have
not come across one about that now they
want you to get that car I'm not getting
the car
why that's a death sentence people
people see that that's big it's loud
alright yeah you have you have you have
a plan I could appreciate that
okay so you know obviously the map is
going this in this direction so we move
slowly we move carefully
and this surd right yeah kind of back
where I came from you know what I'm
gonna try to get up on that no well
that's that's fucking where it was Jack
is very obsessed with this shucks yes
yes what they say you're very obsessed
with you shine I love my shotgun I love
a shotgun well one I was I was indoors
right yeah and so I was I was in I was
in an area where having it behooved me
to have a short short-range widespread
gun right you're in a hallway you see
someone you fucking use your shotgun
they're dead now that I'm outside I
switched to my machine gun but oh I am
I'm single do you remember what button
it is changes it to machine gunfire it's
out yeah thank you
it's on burst where's the foot you want
full auto or burst burst you want
bursting matter sound like first let me
see I'm just curious a full auto is an
option single single burst all right
real Rob roses love the wheel
may I suggest small wooden ramp / door
stop like platforms nailed to the board
for each VHS to be velcroed - angling
them towards the center like a bowl to
make for a better camera shot a lot of
work for a lot of little I don't know if
that actually would make for a better
camera shot to be honest with you
because then you would see the ramp it's
it's stylistically designed to be that
way it works but like I said the only
the only addition I would love to see
for the wheel is it raised up maybe like
2 feet that's just you know wheeled
Salvage if we put it on a bear platform
this is the thing Oh exactly yeah that's
that's small potatoes but I think if we
could raise up the wheel like two feet
then that would really make for a better
shot
rich may I suggest a top for the wheel
to turn it into a table when not in use
probably wouldn't be the most stable I
wouldn't want to put unnecessary stress
on the lazy susan we have for it yeah
and there's no reason to use it as we
have tables other than that so we have
tables that are used as tables yeah this
game should be called war is mostly
boring I love it
@ Viki we she had that car now jack
no I'm close I got two minutes I'm close
enough
oh she Oh see him you see him over there
use your sights you have a laser sight
no no I'm not close enough I won't be
able to kill him he doesn't seem you
know I bet I don't see shin there was a
guy over there there was a guy over
there rich you don't see him now in here
he was over there
I saw him over here it helps if I
whisper
like out so how you DEP huh yeah I saw
them outside I see he's probably busy
running to the mission zone we have time
I bet he I bet he's in that building we
have time for mission zone more
importantly I don't think he saw me
I think I just I think it's important
that we kill at least one person
I think we're close enough I'll make it
to the missions now you're gonna get
shot the back right I know cuz I think
he's in that building but I think I saw
him over here and like in that area
heading this way I assumed he went
looking in the building but maybe I'm
gonna get some cover here from from what
there's some trees and rocks over here
but you've got to go to the missions
they have time
not a lot of time actually you're on the
open way why why you set to a shotgun
huh because I forgot to change the blue
it's gonna be fine guess you didn't run
to the missions gonna be fine cuz I was
looking for the guy I wanted to kill
someone rich there's a guy and I thought
I could kill him and I'll be fine
no look I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make
it alright alright I'm gonna make it
you're gonna make it das clone Stein
says this clown Stein I'm currently at a
Hans Zimmer concert and they're playing
music from The DaVinci the Vinci Code so
I thought I'd drop in and leave a tip I
hope your pub goo is going well no it's
not not for rich it's going fine for me
look there it is no that's weird doesn't
stop on the edge or just disappear once
it meets up okay
yes I know the blue zone doesn't
instantly kill you yeah you don't want
to lose unnecessary health oh yeah it's
easy enough to die in this doesn't seem
to matter how much help you have we're
getting down we're getting down to it
now you're getting down to it now rich
18 left alive oh god I'm so stupid if
you're the last survivor and you just
kill one person that'd be great
then that you mean it would be awesome
because that's when that's when you know
this game is kind of trash when you
don't really do anything yeah yeah you
know I guess I'll give that to you but
I'll still feel good about winning you
don't get one shot in this game I died
in point two seconds it wasn't one shot
but yes you died very quickly
fuck fuck fuck fuck
oh I see him throw in that house you see
him see him I saw I saw someone move
this that does he have a vehicle you
might have a vehicle why don't you try
using your sights well I don't see him
right now scan around with the gun look
at that car see if somebody walks
towards the cartridge I can see the car
here without using my sights and I I
want a bigger field of view here all
right as we as I'm you know we're
getting close to danger zone area I want
to make sure I have my all of my zones
covered here I'm right towards the edge
Oh yep see him
he doesn't see me
and he will now is in the house yep get
up
run I should have gotten closer
ha this game's great I should have
gotten closer it's so fun
I should have gotten closer oh oh hey
May it down to 15 that time didn't do a
goddamn thing ah I should have gotten
closer should have got damn closer zero
kills three hours of playing to be fair
that's true that's absolutely true not
there's no to be fair that's just that's
just true yeah I saw a potential one was
briefly and then I played it a few
rounds and I'm done with it forever I
could see that rich I'm not I'm not I'm
not begrudging you for that I think I'm
gonna give it a bigger go I did I acted
stealthy but I should have gotten closer
he was busy he was doing other stuff if
I would have gotten closer I would have
gotten out of the blue area and had a
better shot that was my problem is I did
not have a good shot at him and yeah you
like it's not a one-shot kill but it's
like a 3 shot kill you get shot three
times and you die
got a car you get I've tried to have run
them over
Touche mm-hmm yeah that's fair that's
absolutely fair also running wildly will
get you shot at wrong 90% well I tried
running but I just tried running too
late I I had that Bush for cover and so
I thought that Bush might be a good
enough cover as it turns out it was not
I'll punch this guy in the face
there's rich saltier than Paul who is
Paul and why is he salty
that's a great question rich that's a
great question rich it's not covered oh
yeah well that's what I meant I didn't
think he would see me because the bush
was covering me not like it was cover
like it was covering me like the
different form of cover is what is what
I meant by that we sang Martin Landau
has died Martin Landau really do you
remember the like lately at last year
all these celebrities are dying right
you remember that yeah yeah remember
that Mike's Star Trek 2009 review
remember the the expanding cone of
entertainment oh sure sure the blurring
the blurring effect because there's so
much media to consume you know you know
that also means there are more
celebrities sure they're going to keep
aging and there's more and more
celebrities than there used to be yep so
they're going to keep dying yeah it's
not it's not that there's some unusual
celebrity Holocaust going on it's that
there are just more celebrities and they
get old and die like everyone else lot
of parachutes in this area how come
these people can go down faster I want
to go down faster richest celebrity
think about that yeah rich I can't
really deny it at this point I yesterday
I just said it was gonna go down Tom
will care we're gonna ride our bikes
yeah and we had no idea the freaking air
and water show was going on yeah and so
I'm getting out of the car and I'm
hooking our bikes from that back of my
car and because the air and water show
was going on the downtown was just
fucking packed with people
sure and the second I get out of my car
this this young girl with her family
walks past me and she does like a a
double tank
are you rich Evans oh your job is the
you know teenage girl and you she wanted
to take a picture me all right you can
take video she runs off just taking a
picture with me and her family's looking
over like they don't know like what the
fuck is going on so I just I just looked
over said I'm a celebrity perfect also
this game is 100% redeemed in my mind
because I just picked up a fucking cross
oh you have five shots you're gonna miss
it the first shot is gonna be awful I
got a crossbow I don't give a fuck about
anything brown pants mine gasps in case
I need it
I guess he was a real gun too if I want
that but I have a fucking crossbow
a bunch of people drop down in this area
there are there's gonna be a ton of
people oh I see one already kill hey
check I have to give it to you there see
what yeah
huh I just have any more people oh yeah
there's way more people over there I'm
sure there's more people over there
Ross Bo yeah you know credit oh fuck
credit word do can you reuse the bolt
nope
Oh whoopsie I pressed the wrong button I
know you did I know you did but this one
that's the one I want
Kent damn it there's like a bug or
something nope no I want this one just
cuz I like it better the chance going
crazy they love the crossbow kill they
want to clip my first kill my first
legitimate kill crossbow motherfucker
you shut me up with my anti crossbow
talk mmhmm yeah yeah yeah who's laughing
now the one with the crossbow laughs
last shit except for now I'm trapped I
I'd probably have more fun with
something like quake this is more just
who gets the drop on who yeah
I want to fight in my games I want to
know where they killed me from you know
that's part of game huh that's part of
the game I still like you know where
it's just like oh yeah oh hey that's
where he was hiding to give me some
strats but hey I killed someone
yeah that's all that matters is I killed
someone rich hade strategy it's it's
walking
luckily walking up behind somebody who
doesn't see you is not strategy there
there is a desperate strategy is what I
would call it you know like in
improvising a strategy and it's in a
desperate situation that's what I get
out of Friday the 13th right right but
if Friday the 13th is very confined is a
confined version of this what does this
do
reward slice let's see what these
rewards do okay
okay yeah you killed someone with a
fucking crossbow jack you win regardless
right I got a crate opened what did I
get
what did I get nothing you can change
your starting gear I did it again Mike
reiten I got camo pants nice I got a
care a pair of camo pants that's what I
got in my crate rich great great all
right
try one more try one more I want you to
remind you that you had a perfect drop
on a guy but decided to walk down the
stairs to his face instead I assumed if
I jumped off a building I would die I
didn't know you could follow that
fucking far I might get damaged yeah
you're just learning I was two stories
up in real life that means you get
broken legs right
I was gonna shoot down at him but he had
gone like into the building or somewhere
where I couldn't get him before then
nice hat hey you put on some clothes hey
you idiot hey you idiot
nice gun idiot put on some pants nice
pan crossbow you don't get punched cuz
then you know crossbows are sweet
and we're jumping out of this plane as
fast as possible Jesus Christ
some people rich
anybody else falling near me no I great
oh shit these aren't houses
these aren't houses rich these are ruins
all there's probably guns there anyway
let's hope so I like guns guns guns
if I find like a like an ancient laser
weapon I'll be so happy number one that
gasps I don't have the means to carry it
at the moment you do know as soon as I
can get that quiver oh that must shoot
hey that was a legitimate kill right
there that was great backpack level two
all right great
what did this guy have what yes shit how
did you get this shit already you might
start with it I wonder if you can start
with stuff oh this gave us double
bullshit if that's the fucking case two
shotguns Lenny belt yeah great whoa whoa
whoa excuse me wait how did what they're
nothing everything's fine
okay great we got a shotgun everything
is good he picked it up it looked like
he I almost forgot you landed though uh
yeah it looks like he it looked like he
just landed so hard to say you know what
hard to say I what I can say is I gotta
get moving what I can say is the rooms
are the place to start
apparently this place is bullshit No
you know everyone's gonna be like this
is why I gotta use the tab thing but you
know what shit I saw that I saw that
Jesus Christ jack your I'm fuckin fire
fuck yeah I am okay oh my god give me
all your shit it's a lot of shit right
here oh my god you can where look at all
this shit I can wear look at all this
shit I can wear put on that fucking
jacket uh-huh
put on that fucking jacket my jacket
how can you press so I'm not on single
thank you but you know shotgun kind of
the way to go alright I got to move now
cuz I am also like really far away from
the from the winning zone how far
hey Irish two minutes fuck there's
probably no vehicle in the ruins
probably I'm going to assume nicely cuz
you know it's the ruins what do you
think I'll have better distance out in
the open here who's the Busey oh wait
pistol oh maybe pistol I know what fuck
it we're going pistol fuckin rich this
is probably gonna get more kick to it
maybe not in reality but in game and
revolver I mean and you need you need
that either quick death I think for out
the open yeah maybe that's not we're
just running it now you missed the
chariot somebody sang the chariot I
think a vehicle of some sort oh well
fuck it too late now
we're running mokey bt5 says hi wreckers
hello mokey I've watched a lot of pub G
streams yeah you should compare it to
Dark Souls expect to die a lot when you
first start playing before you get good
I just I don't I don't want to invest
the time to get good in this me me
personally that's fair rich you don't
have to you just don't have to you know
Oh God and I'm not even fucking close
but like I feel really good about my
armor situation I got this sweet-ass
jacket I just don't know if I'm gonna
make it in time that's my problem
so you said me personally bingo bingo
bingo with the prereq visit me
personally bingo apparently asked me
personally is a thing well you know
that's a thing the question is is it on
the bingo which apparently it is you
need to specify because people are
really sensitive about shit
bingo blue wall of death incoming am i
doing I ain't got time still I got time
still fuck we got a fence though got a
fence we got a fence we got a fence can
I jump over the fence I can he great any
of those cars not parking lot usable
we're gonna find out if I can get in
nope
rust buckets yeah
might be some more cover in the city
shooting yep
bitch we don't have time for this the
blue wall of death is coming upon us but
that Jeep looks like it might be
drivable yeah ya know
fuck fuck rich
I don't know if you can do it jack I
don't know that you can do it well it
just makes me want to do it harder
wait that's not a bad yeah I can do it
like I mean I can make it to the zone
whether I can survive there with the
other people shooting at me is a whole
other question but I can definitely make
it to the zone the Auto Zone well you're
very Auto Zone E tonight the stream is
brought to you by Auto Zone get in the
zone
Auto Zone Wow
advertisement works everyone it's
confirmed confirmed for advertisement
working dammit wide open area first you
worry about the city now you worry about
the wide open area no I did wasn't
worried about the city I said Oh City
would be a good place for cover
no look at how close the blue line is to
my running body I don't have time to
check that not know I mean just see if
there's a car like buzz it and then
forget about it and run straight I am
I'm gonna run straight towards these
houses sure runs straight ish towards
these houses punk Sidon says hey guys hi
y'all like fresh shuttle wrestling such
as WWE I've been getting into it
recently because it's pretty much pure
action schlock and has some hilarious
moments I have no idea what they're
doing with it now I loved it when I was
a kid and I briefly got back into it a
bit when I was like in my early 20s when
the whole NWO thing was going on but I
have no idea what's going on with it
these days
josh is the guy you want to talk to yeah
Josh still watches a lot of wrestling to
this day oh hey I made it
I made it
what about that glow show I remember
watching glow and it was on the air I
hear good things about glow I don't know
I mean I mean the original the gorgeous
lady the gory gorgeous ladies of
wrestling yes I was fond of it as a
young kid well coming you know what it
was believable to me I was so young
bombs happening over there now watch him
get shot by zone campers well the zone
is still shrinking so I'm not super
worried about that I have a tiny bit of
breathing room so I'm going to quickly
loot is there a better don't camp
mechanic than the circle hmm you need X
number of kills every so often before
you start losing health is that more
incentive to go out hunting or maybe
like a mixture of like you know either
like in the zone or kill or something
like that if you're in the zone you need
X number of kills per I don't know you
know you have almost at home you will
find them
I start closing in on us again so we got
to get moving again but I'm
way out in the open not happy with this
yeah I want I want to watch the glow
show on Netflix but Karen just doesn't
seem to give a shit oh yeah yeah did she
did she watch orange is the new black a
little bit she never got into it
okay because it's the same company yeah
same production team that's how I think
I'm gonna convince Lisa to watch it
Alison Brie Angela for Alison Brie
almost no one in the chat likes the
shotgun Jack I know I just don't have a
good option for a range at the moment I
don't have a good range if I can come
you don't have a good one but you
arguably have two that are better the
pistol is probably better definitely
better than the Uzi um so yeah I guess
I'm going with the pistol I mean I agree
my only thing is if someone jumps in on
me I want that shot well if you're by a
building you switch the shotguns right
someone's up there do you think I heard
a pop
well great dude straight ahead Jack yep
nope
oh those are doing buggy I bet he's
gonna come back for his dune buggy
he's probably sniping people who go to
it huh well I'm not gonna go to it I'm
gonna wait here till he comes back I'm
Betty I bet he's Luton I'll have a
motorcycle there too like that road
though that roads a nice nice wide area
with your shotgun I don't think you
would want to close the distance I do
want to close the distance but I don't
want to cross that road I want I want
them to come out to me just give it a
second here we're in the zone
you just fucking steal their dune buggy
and drive away you ain't got any points
for extra kills yeah you do you know the
only goal is survival Jack
yeah take this nice and fucking slow
fucking did reload oh yeah yeah make
sure the guy with a doom buggies not
still in there this is not over you
don't think less he killed the guy on
the dune buggy and you just got
everything I think so
I'm guessing I gonna have then you
should probably just get the fuck out of
here
oh come on oh that was a good round
though it's a great run I felt really
good about that that was three nice
kills you were definitely right I should
have I should have been more patient I
should have been more patient right ooh
honestly though I think I hit him twice
with my shotgun and he didn't go down oh
I knew he would die in an inventory
screen hey I used that inventory screen
that you guys suggested I could have
just taken all of our stuff and ran oh
you know what I enjoyed that
I enjoyed that a lot that was really
good killed some people and they were
clean kills too you know yeah you know
the crossbow that person wasn't moving
that was kind of cheap these were these
I fought for my kills
better than rich way better yeah I
admittedly am into this game and rich
isn't and we can't force rich to be into
this game I feel I feel like I'm
crawling with bugs all right that's what
I feel like that's what I feel like
right now rich all right well I think I
think that's good for me yeah it's you
know I don't I can't say too late
unfortunately three hours that's mine
that's fine little over a little like
three and a half hours because you
started a little early so you know
what's our up time y'all
what's our up time please try co-op
bring your PC jack is on crack yeah you
know what I got three kills that was
pretty good in the room I want to thank
them first please try quo this is just
not my thing
this is not my thing you can't force it
everybody get the drop on someone and
it's over and as a yeah you cannot force
it and you know that what happens when
you force it yeah three and a half hours
I'm gonna be okay with that
if what if you force it people rich is
just gonna end up hating it more Allah
Stargate I'm gonna I'm gonna invoke the
Stargate referendum all right can you uh
can you all tap us we just flat out exit
out of this we can do that and boink
great oh you know what that was a good
way to end and you know what I just
don't want to go into another match and
then have it be like really
disappointing again whereas like hey I
felt like I did good that round we're
gonna end it here so now is the point in
the stream in which we think this is why
prereq who should rich won't even
properly try a game because he died I
thought I thought that was a proper try
you you tried it several times
what part of rich doesn't like
multiplayer shooters don't people get I
think it's the it's the like it's the
multiplayer and it's the shooter yeah
yeah three things together there are
exceptions to the rule of course but in
general rich has never been big on
multiplayer shooters hey but hey why
don't we thank some subscribers which
the - I like if you noticed them not at
all anything like multiplayer shooters
the multiplayer games that you like the
x - 13th of rocket league yeah yeah yeah
i by the way everybody it's very under
anyone who doesn't like this it's very
understandable why
I didn't I didn't say I liked quick I
said I would probably like quake more
right it's super understandable there's
a lot of downtime dying is really easy
dying can be cheap for example rich you
could die if someone has a crossbow and
is like two blocks away you could just
be hanging out on a roof
very humble is gonna bring that up ya
know what I'm saying is that was a cheap
death for someone yes like you're you
were hanging out on a roof maybe you
were waiting to get the drop on someone
and then out of nowhere some dickhead
hits you with a crossbow bolt right
super cheap did Richard tried do
multiplayer not even once
like I've not the executable I've never
I have not clicked on it yeah Oh got a
change in you know what I can do that
right now for just cam cuz or else you
end up with this I bred I am the knight
hello every wreck Rick I get it cuz
you're half your face is blocked did my
mask
you can move that put it down the bottom
maybe put a lower room put it like on
the bottom of the screen not on the top
and or just cover your face I don't give
a fuck that's good I was just seeing if
I could make it small enough where it
makes sense up there but I could also
move it down there or is it better on
this side yeah it's fine okay there we
go great so now is the point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during the stream
much like kumea za reason there's our
eysan i don't know you want me to
pronounce that ship kaze eighty-seven
431 fucking months in a row who says
r.i.p George Romero Stu pocalypse says
ten months of laughter fuck
yes cat fool ooh sky circus 38
motherfucking months in a row general
Gore who says rich do you ever have
issue with your SteelSeries rival 500
disconnecting and having to unplug it
and plug it back in mid-game
it's only happened once and at the
studio it happened right here today yeah
otherwise no the entire time I have had
it yeah doesn't happen except for right
right earlier on the street where Mr and
it is plugged into a hub it's plugged
into you USB hub that could have been
somebody watching the stream down there
making a joke trying to make me think
that this is a thing that happens
frequently that could be at - I don't
know I don't know dr. poon m.d first as
bizarres as fare-thee-well jack what a
horrible night to have a curse he night
doesn't mean night and day in a car with
two kids and a dog
great two dogs and his mother and he's
calling it a vacation great it's gonna
be great
Lucas Ducas for 21 fucking months in a
row sergeant meow
bruiser Inc serious rambles star killer
1 6 3 3 who says hey guys love the
frames quick question what's your
favorite Nicolas Cage performance
you know why because then you get tuna
cage performances for one Raising
Arizona in doubt shoot Germans their
advice that it has any right to be and
in times of wartime yeah not right now
not right now no no no we all we get
what you're going for
yeah low vision I get it
says great fan keep up the fine work
loving to disagree with you about
beloved film classics well you ever do
another outdoor streaming like the one
about Pokemon go also one will Jack get
a chance to be prom queen it's a great
question
Pokemon go maybe yeah now that we can
the here is like the issue with that is
in order to do it well like a Pokemon go
stream we would also have to have
someone in the studio we're gonna hit go
on the stream and so there'd be a little
more moving parts than we would like
but maybe coax Jack um I lost my spot I
was looking at that Jim viscous atomic
mousetrap crystal bear Roberto says
never been into gaming streams but you
guys make it super fun keep up the good
work
Jack and rich oh and Jack you sing like
an angel that is very true Cain Nuala DW
62 double r on Duke Ellington or Duke
Ellington sorry much more appropriate
riot crew 437 mother fucking months in a
row riot crew says I finally beat FTL on
hard mode congratulations
congratulations right group I learned to
play from watching riches past dreams
I'm now passing the torch back to rich
you can beat it on hard rich I believe
in you let's see we'll see we'll see it
terrifies me
fleshie padge for thirty four fucking
months in a row since I've been with you
guys longer than I was with my third
wife as a miserable marriage when done
less than three years oh my god you know
then he'll know he'll never outpaced
that wow that's true but I mean if he's
on his fourth wife already then he'll
still never outpace them but evil Lord
David says hey guys David here up David
David up here sorry hey guys David up
here for nine months in a row yes David
calcium-rich Evans says been watching
for a long time more Karen she had
riched together make for a fun stream I
hope this doesn't come off as a creeper
oh I'd better stop talking yeah you know
Karen is always welcome and you sound
like a creeper can it can it be both
Nazz zuru for 13 months in a row and the
zero says hi I'm in Milwaukee don't want
to meet you
yes then just don't say hi it'll be fine
they said I'm in Milan yeah I mean it's
very unlikely that you would anyway just
walk by you don't say anything if you
don't want to meet me you know
yo is a flavor since all your base are
belong to us
mmm that Graham was not correct wait a
minute that's a quote Algar nup says
thanks for the night of garbage I that
was I mean press X tonight I was utter
garbage yeah but it was a joke and it's
like as fine I get it
I I'm enjoying play on owns battleground
I I can get into it Jack enjoy Canada
rich enjoy Milwaukee as always keep up
the good work fellas when Wendy one tote
Ron beard I
not just says hello from Southern
California hope everyone is having a
wonderful ball sweaty summer getting a
little hot out in ten months on pre
rectum whoo-hoo snuke seven says I'm
ambivalence about subscribing for this
many months in a row right that's fair
the last Thomas Kirk Lyndon scorned
12:10 says hi guys make sure the
continued high quality content here on
Twitch and with the rest of the rlm crew
we do our best see T and get the cap off
can't get the cap off can't get the cap
off that's what it is that makes way
more sense guar funcle' nice that one
that's a good name I want now all I want
is guar covers of Garfunkel & Oates
Simon & Garfunkel and pandemonium says I
know you guys don't like VR but the
company I work for made a game called
arc angel where you pilot a six-story
mech no that's exactly it does exist
comes out this month I'd love you guys
keep up the good work
now if only you could like touch things
and feel it yeah in the cockpit yeah you
need one of those ridiculous setups
unfortunately you know if I would I
would be willing for like a for like a
really if it were like a really fucking
good mech game or good you know like TIE
fighter II kind of space shoot him up
sure I would be willing to like set up
my own fake cockpit have like a have
like an old flight stick that's not even
hooked up to anything they're just so
you get the tactile you're feeling the
stick that you're pulling in the game
but yeah hook it up and like yeah like I
mention like two sticks on right right
but but you gotta use those one thing so
that wouldn't work for something
you need to want things you don't need
the want things for all games they think
that actually since we're your hands are
on these for your games
well no but like some VR games you can
just use a controller ow and so like
instead of a controller you use the
whole point is to have the cockpit
though right that's so you can grab
levers and push button to six and
buttons yeah yeah you can do it well
thank you thank you everyone for
subscribing we really appreciate it I'm
getting ready
don't wait you're supposed to say we do
well we do we really do it's true
something that's what he's supposed to say
