Jul 25, 2018
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, Rocket League, Rocket League, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/289347253
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/289348066
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JivUDxsbvE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op1sxzbWkeo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1022220044980428801

[Part I]
twitch loot if you're a
twitch Prime member you get exclusive
items for your pub G care oh my god I
got a towel that goes around his waist
and and a little twitch handkerchief
that I thought was appropriate yeah yeah
so you know he's looking pretty good
it's looking pretty good
I don't believe my twitch Prime or
whatever is linked oh yeah well that's
the thing you got a link it yeah
I thought you understood this I didn't
install it and then I reinstalled it so
we could have a fun time getting shot so
we could play a game with you the chat
and have a good time
we've got we've got some we got a couple
minutes I had to read download it on my
computer I have like a minute and a half
left right right we play this maybe
we'll play a little Friday the 13th
maybe a little rocket League we're just
we're just gonna play some games what
stops that we can invite other people
into absolutely Def Jam's yes we are
stopping both twitch you have probably
gotten good enough at rocket leagues you
you played that consistent
oh man I'm you could probably whip my
ass at this point and they just think
we're about at the same level yeah well
I just have the more practice recent
yeah because I've been really hitting
that hard recently yeah we have for
those new or for those who are kind of
like hearing this through other things
yes we are stopping both the the
livestream and the reviews on YouTube
both of the channels will stay up and so
you can keep that content and of course
red letter media is not going anywhere
we're not dying and we'll you'll see us
other places we'll probably end up doing
other things but I think for now
for now yeah me and Jack just need a
break I ain't here here's what I can
guarantee you previously recorded
started because when rich and I would
get together for best of the worst we
would gravitate towards each other talk
about video games yeah and eventually it
was just one of those yeah make a show
guys yeah fantasy so I can only assume
that will happen
again as you know we generally gravitate
towards each other when we're in the
group for best of the worst or other
things we were just we're just stopping
previously recorded right now that's it
wait now it sounds ambiguous because
there are literally no plans at this
moment what's what's the definition of
ambiguous because because that might be
what we're talking about is in flux how
about you where is it that is that is
boo doo doo doo mmm
they give you new warnings now and the
pub gee like we're you know we're
tracking you if you use cheating
software we can ban you it's gonna be
great I demand to know what you're going
to do before you do it I we got nothing
man we got absolutely nothing like I
don't know what to tell you we have no
ideas we don't know we just don't know
rich we have the twat Rupp yes I put the
torture up I put it up also we have some
tips on we have some tips already so why
don't I read those tips anonymous says
thanks for being such wonderful people
you too these streams were a welcome
distraction when I was unemployed ears
back thank you for tolerating our idiocy
all this time I'll miss you both and the
weirdos in chat to shine on all you
crazy diamonds thank you anonymous how's
it have my controls remembered that's
nice that is nice
dode anzi nope I'm sorry not so dainty
John Smith says hey rich and Jack never
tipped before but I've been watching for
a couple months now I figured a couple
bucks is somewhat obligatory thanks for
the use of entertainment and good luck
with your future projects thank you and
you know please don't feel like you have
to tip yeah or sub or anything for
anyone even today we just we appreciate
all of you just being here and watching
you know that's so we we need people to
play this with well let me get through a
couple of these oh sorry game John Smith
says hey rich and Jack never tipped
before I've been watching for a couple
months now I figured oh right I did that
one Doh Dan Z says I know you guys think
the internet friends thing is dumb and
weird but this really does feel like
losing friends thanks all the
entertainment I'm going to miss your
conversations if you decided a new
project I'll be there lol fuck my cock
no no we're I'm eeen you will see us
upfront like there's probably an rlm
video coming out later today that rich
and I will be in who knows knowing
knowing the the upload schedule no we're
still gonna be around don't worry about
that at all slight go 78 says hello hack
frogs while I just subscribed I have
been listening via YouTube I wanted to
say say your streams gave me a really
good time okay my fingers I thought I
was gonna say a lot of heartburn it's
it's a carnival of antacids rich
Anonymous's greetings from Finland it's
2:00 a.m. here thanks for everything
perkele almost a festival of Rolaids
could be could be trying to remember
what the swallowable heartburn
all right just
I don't know multiple ones there's
multiple ones okay let's find some oh
damn it you're right shed one panini
meanie said I should have said roll a
timid once again the chat has come up
with the obvious pun that I missed uh
they're kind of they're kind of way on
town forehead all right let's go to
squad here just send me an invite I
think it's way to do this you go to your
team and go to squad what my team yeah
okay you're not and you're not online
what you're not online
what do you mean I'm not online oh I
only see how well yeah I only see how
one okay let me actually you know I sure
maybe let's just start with a duo you
want huh what no well me know there's
only so much time well we'll start with
four maybe as many people in as we who
want to be in as we can ah no way
captain Larry has invited me to join a
team all right captain Larry invite rich
- I gotta get online just to get online
okay what are we gonna change online
offline mode click on your on your
picture down there then we're all here
yeah right click on it there you go now
go to online there you go let's get hot
wet in here I invited home what to the
team and then we'll wait we'll wait for
rich
you're not here we do a friends culling
yeah we can do that we'll do that after
this round a friend culling yeah sure
you sure another yeah yeah I'm looking
at it you might need to log you know
sign off sign back in because you were
exit yeah make sure online your online
it says I'm online yup so now open up
the pub puppers to puppeteers the music
slightly off sync between my song and
when your song is playing so yeah that
would have been horrifying had they been
able to hear that yeah okay here we go
here we go let's get rich in on it and
and
and I I don't even know how to go and
look for friends I could be honest I
just don't remember like if I could send
you an invite with that maybe oh yeah
see you're not showing up I'm not
showing up for you either why is that
team how what do you see rich invite
rich if you see rich cuz I don't we
don't see him
you don't see him either hmm that's
weird
oh there is there I am click the check
for the check button boom there you are
okay what are we playing IRA playing
first person or third person and
whatever great let's know what I'm fine
with whatever you want
hit the ready button then rich but hey
ha Wotton I I was playing a little bit
earlier today to to loosen up and get
some practice oh I guess what she's hot
I'm gonna throw an apple at you where
are you where are you rich I'm throwing
apples you're not there yet
I know I'm not for some reason I don't
know why you get apples to throw you
throw apples at people pretty fun
no there and Apple and Apple and Apple
you're not there yeah I'm just throwing
apples at you what do you want me to do
news captain Larry hey captain Larry
Apple where do you get these apples from
you just start with apples in here you
start with apples oh yeah they took away
the guns because apparently it was a
performance issue we're on the plane
already alright ok guys how do i how do
i disembark you press the action button
whatever that is ok I think I remember
what that is whatever whatever ever
wants to do okay you see Captain Larry
already has a plan he's going to it
we're going to camp Bravo I will see
them use these there might be a little
delay with that where are we live in
that wait you have a plan I'll just wait
for the wait for the word okay captain
Larry tell us when to go and
they jumped jump jump so see that see
that like a rectangle I'm just gonna
follow everyone else okay we're going to
the rectangle let's do this I don't
think it down there so fast
got dive-bomb that's what you got to do
dive-bomb rich oh shit we're gonna be a
fire fight like there's a right away
with us
yay people had the same idea good then
we start with a fire fight that's gonna
be great that's gonna be great let's
let's go shit right away they've already
got guns
it's fine that's fine that's fine
shit it's okay I have a med pack and a
motorcycle
all right well I got punched
you got punch to death yeah great shit
hi team I'm coming back to you who's all
dead
ha what captain Larry I'm coming back to
you know captain Larry's dead I'm except
for me
cuz I ran away I'm kind of a schmuck
teammate and I'm really sorry about that
but I'm also alive so we are here figure
out where we are here which I'm so sorry
everyone
anonymous says greetings from Finland is
also not sorry - I am here thanks for
everything
purple you're welcome jag Joe Becca
donut says Jack yeah how are you ever
going to remember to buy eggs that's
that's a really important question I
often I really oftentimes use you guys
to help you remember oh my god there's
so much Lois how do you switch to your
spectating
I have no idea well since I press our
report not what I'm gonna report
do you porch I'll report spectating
player no that's not what I want I just
want to say thank you thank you no thank
you for watching this luck this this
awful schlock all right what do I change
that's what I keep telling everyone all
the time oh god there's a big echo
there's a terrible echo rich page up and
page down do you guys hear that echo are
you doing what a life yeah oh my god but
I ran away you guys you guys all went
into that one area and I found a
motorbike and just ran away my plan was
to find some good gear and then you know
come back and and and help you but you
know that's in a really work fix the
frame rate I have no idea how to fix the
frame rate
we stream at a lower resolution would
that help go to 7/7 we don't start the
stream over yeah it looks pretty bad uh
talk to the chat like bad enough to
start the stream oh I'm watching it on
xsplit we we are you know we were
experimenting now with basically we're
running to capture cards other people
saying not it's fine
oftentimes I think it looks it does look
stutter to us but um it doesn't look
stuttery to them so okay it's been super
stuttery the whole time the video was
super laggy not good audio is distinct
as well yeh that's been here someone's
been here they still here well you know
wouldn't be a stream without some
technical difficulties some screen
tearing yes
what don't forget come on
Nana says thanks to your stream my
girlfriend and I met she's amazing and
I'm incredibly grateful may our days be
great thanks for other fun times and
distractions and yes
there are actually female fans what eat
congratulations
okay yeah you won you met a girl - you
kept a girl you did all the things great
good for you man you did it so are you
saying there are female fans because
your girlfriend is a female or or was
that tip worth like a hundred lesbian
kisses although that was worth all the
lesbian kisses lesbian kisses if it's
one thing I'll miss the most it's all
the lesbian kisses
come on we got all the also since you
are still make sure to tell all your
fans to check out filthy and free
publishing on YouTube what
oh god shameless you know something I
will remember though um Oh bother
we we didn't we didn't really a name
drop Oh bother and Mario Mario yeah who
were the ones that helped us Oh Roger
yeah definitely and Oh bother has a
streaming channel in which he is going
to be kind of talking about some of the
design process of Project Hornet so if
you feel like like learning a little bit
more about that you can get on Obama's
channel even
they've been tweaking with the the
graphics yes we played this last it
looks different well this is a whole new
map okay
so it's not even a contest anymore
between this and pub G ISM this is pub G
I mean this end a fortnight whoa I mean
for tonight's winning hands down yeah
yeah in fact fortnight's winning so much
that pub G sued them yeah which is you
know the dumbest thing you can do you're
winning I'm gonna sue nothing makes you
seem like you're on top than suing your
competition you know I wonder if it gets
better if I close out one of these yeah
yeah maybe if you close out yours maybe
we don't get a little bit better or
maybe it'll be better with just mine
possibly
there's lots of options here it
is that better I think it's better
rich help me propose to my best friend
of 17 years say Kellan will you marry
Dylan and I hope that was sincere and
not like the the actions of a stalker Oh
God who's like stalking Kellan
Oh God what have you done wants nothing
to do with Dylan right that's exactly
what you've done a bandage hoarder never
gonna use these band-aids
um oh I already had a pen hey dawn of
the final basis so with prereq ending
yeah Jack and rich come to a fork in
their road through life oh yeah I guess
the only question for them is which way
should I go now which way should I go
now I was thinking about that which way
should I go now
- are you feeling lonely it's thinking
about that stream the other day what a
bizarre game that was thinking about
that and thinking about the word tryst
OS 6 times scope no I'm just not that
good a shot just not that good a shot I
don't need it
seeing about the word tryst and how like
that is just not a word that people use
anymore tryst which trysts and the tryst
and the the seventh the cash stream I've
used the word tryst before that's insane
to me why cuz that's not it's a it's
perfectly Crom Yulin word it's it it in
big uns your vocabulary absolutely Cyrus
the mild cold says I have an exam
tomorrow and it's the middle of the
night for me but I had to be here I
can't overstate how much I enjoyed your
streams thank you so much in conclusion
lol fuck my cock and Jack please don't
watch my six or anyone six for that
matter well check currently has no sixes
to watch because because I ran away all
my sixes are dead you you are the only
one who made the strategical retreat you
know I I played it smart I played it
smart to the detriment of my team rich
sure I'm alive but at what costs my team
is dead and I don't have a good helmet
I'd like a good helmet so do you have
room on your friends list uh yeah I come
back I can I can add some friends yeah I
think we should probably have you delete
a few people you add some friends yeah I
think I think tonight just one one match
for anyone okay yeah one match for
anyone
agreed
whisker cuddle says have you guys ever
played the seventh guest
I think you'll both love it so much by
the way which way do I go now
which way do I go now are you feeling
lonely on a serious note are you guys
Deadwood fans they just Greene greenlit
the long-awaited follow-up no it's not
something I'm against checking out I
never watched it but yeah I uh I've
heard good things
true blue review says hey guys be
prepared as I have several tips with
questions and things lined up for you
and feel free to not answer or ignore
whichever you don't like yeah just to
kick things off any specific plans after
prereq or were you just enjoy the new
free time oh I'm sure we will find other
things to do but no plans yet for at
very least like two weeks we're gonna
enjoy the free time and then we'll get
bored and want to do something again I'm
sure I'll find other things to do just
around here
honestly we really need to go through
and just find any doubles we have on
that wall oh yeah yeah you okay you guys
are running out of space up there I have
to I have to make some room
commissar dodge says I rarely stay up
late to catch you guys live
cuz I'm from Russia so I'll donate now
to make up for it I've watched your
channels content for years and you and
you come right and you comrades help me
learn casual conversational English
better than any textbook thank you
you're welcome
where was he where was he fly lighter
says my favorite stream was watching you
years ago running around lake view cabin
avoiding serial killers on the island
which lured Jay into watching got me
through a rough time
here's to quitting while suitably
average no on top we're on top I don't
know if you heard the news signed just
another casual host - yours buckle
Marx's did you guys hear about how
gog.com is giving everyone a full refund
on no man's sky out of their own wallet
because the pricks at hello games refuse
to only makes you love that company even
more good on GOG ya GOG is gravy did you
watch the the doc there no clip doc
about GOG no no I should know it's out I
gotta just sub to them I guess you
should you should and it's it's tough
because like I know like there's just
this whole history of gog to cover and
it's just you know it's the the
documentaries already like you know 20
30 minutes and you just think i want
more give me more information but how do
they do what how do they do it how do
they do it
all right oh we got some more we got
some more here I saw metal van wanted to
join us and how about our Millers right
next to them where are you rich
I just exited the
rebel scum 83 says glad this will end on
a high note
thanks for hours of AIDS endless
pop-culture talk and game
recommendations lol fuck my now empty
void that was previously recorded void
where'd you go you're not here again I'm
oh you have to leave your group oh how
do I do that down there where it says +3
leave team
and I'm not showing up for you again Oh
lar Miller declined my invite okay oh no
never mind
our Miller joined we're you know I I'm
waiting for an invite and am I on your
friends you demel should be you're not
showing up hold on hold on hold on
all right how would we okay well hit the
hit the plus button no go back go back
suppose you hit the plus button and
you're so not showing up I'm not showing
up on yours either is there any way you
could you have accidentally have been
blocked or something good our Miller or
metal van if you're friends with rich in
vitamin did you accidentally you
couldn't I saw you were in the earlier
you couldn't have gotten unfriended yeah
no look I'm right there yeah I'm I'm on
your friends list right there you might
be getting an invite friends can I send
me in right yeah go back to pub G for a
second hold on Oh into group join game
it's not giving me an option to join
game I'll go back to pub G for a second
there hit the check okay
well this is just how we're gonna have
to do it alright rich is back in let's
go a third person sure cuz you know why
cuz why not let's rock this joint you do
as you will all right hit there any
button hit the ready button I'm candy
banana says hello gentlemen hello how
are you doing this evening okay thank
you for asking
Alex cutter so it's a mixed bag it's
it's a bit it's a bittersweet day yeah
cutter says something in mildly poor
taste
yeah Sean Simonis says hey Jack and rich
come on I'm reeling let's go I will
likely send a few tips tonight being the
end but I did notice a few people in
chat talking about drinking yeah so I
propose a toast toasted to of the best
streamers that were on Twitch much love
and care till next we meet our Miller
you gotta hit the ready button
dial 871 says well I guess it's time to
pack up my Jimmy jams and get on the
trolley out of prereq town I'm drinking
and emotional so this will not be my
last tip the pocket deathtrap says I'm
at the bargaining phase of grief what
about after a hiatus you guys do
previously recorded audio a podcast
where you take questions of your
choosing from Twitter shoot the shit
most people treat this like a podcast
anyway it's perfect okay we'll take it
under advisement
I've been seeing a lot of that podcast
talk button yeah we have no plans we are
Miller if you don't if you don't click
you're ready button I'm kicking you I'm
kicking you right off the team I just
that's it that's a warning
hey D tqk a says thanks for all the
streams guys gonna miss this but I look
forward to your future project kick
best wishes guys kicked straight-up
kicked off switch let's go thesis 2 says
here's a little parting gift never cut
you guys live much dude time zones well
you're more nuanced reviews were not
breakout hits I think that they were
valuable to the discourse looking
forward to your next project thank you
yeah yeah you know I know I thought we
we had something I've had a few kind of
ideas Rumble around but yeah let's give
us give us a little break first and then
we'll and then we'll figure something
out
I think I'm I think I'm less laggy but
not by much
okay and if you want to figure that out
when we switch games maybe the answer is
maybe hey everybody can you hear us
well why find them apples
that's only in that other map the apples
are only in the other map yeah so this
map still has the guns no they got rid
of the guns too to make to reduce
crashes to reduce the the load load the
loading load they got rid of all guns
died hey you did it rich you might be
muted I don't know if they can hear us
your your microphone thing isn't going
on when we talk
push at mode always oh yeah okay I
should be can you guys hear us in game
or are you only listening to us in in
streamer let's fuck let's go to the gun
range three two one go reach take a hard
right another hard right up that way
there you go I have no idea where the
fuck anyone is going see that kind of
like desert note left is that you that's
you there right okay
we're a little blip in the sky yeah okay
we're not gonna make it to the I'm
marking a new spot on the map here um
now we're all over the place it's fine
everything's gonna be fine Oh Maya which
one am i oh here we go we're gonna let's
go to these houses over here maybe I
don't know I'm gonna lose the first
house I find great we'll meet up later
we'll meet up later everyone it's okay
we're heading kinda towards the gun
range kind of towards the gun range I
landed smack dab in the middle of
nowhere I am uh I'm all in a horrible
place I'm not near any house so you know
feeling pretty good yeah all you guys
are back there that's fine yep yeah we
can hmm weird we'll figure that out oh I
know why why because these microphones
aren't hooked up to that computer these
microphones are hooked up to the
streaming computer Oh
since you can hear us thanks rich and
Jack for four years of the best stream
on Twitch yay Venu it's really true
we're the best oh that's just the house
I'm coming towards you guys because
that's where the circle is yeah it's
better than nothing I guess
nothing you can hear that all right
we'll figure this out we didn't we
didn't think ahead here I'm coming
towards you I'm coming towards you
metal van are you still on your parrot
did you just land on your parachute have
you been parachuting this whole time
we're doing great I think we're doing
great do you have a gun at least I have
all that you have nothing huh you have
nothing all right where are you jack oh
my god I'm buying a house I'm on your
map you see me oh here oh yeah here we
go ahead aliens I'm hearing everybody
else
yeah we hear you guys just fine and the
reason you don't hear us is because we
don't have a microphone hooked up to
that computer which basically just means
that this is gonna be a little
frustrating until we can figure out how
to get some sort of microphone I don't
even know how we do that because we we
definitely need microphones for the
stream so yeah question is how delayed
is the stream all right I'm gonna say
now and then tell me when you hear me
say now okay 20 seconds
I got an Uzi over here anybody needs an
Uzi rich to you I got a shotgun shotgun
there's an extra backpack over here I
have plenty of health packs putting in
med packs if you guys want some what
button do I have freakin inventory there
you are rich where's everybody else
oh my god metal van and the off switch
died
oh well wait I gotta come to you rich
I'm coming to you
we're gonna stick this out together
where were you guys tell me if you're
being shot at no okay
no I'm pretty close to you yeah we're
pretty fucked no we got this rich oh I
got one this is me coming up to you rich
there's a helmet and a okay
come to where I am I don't even remember
how to drop thanks jack okay this is a
nightmare
drop them in the vicinity area okay now
Lee this is me coming up so don't freak
out
now follow me wait okay does that not
work on them
I thought that was for them I will
fucking fuck it you know what we're just
fine
great we're fine come on okay in here is
a helmet and a armor thing all right
we're fine everybody we're gonna do
we're doing great I don't see the armor
it's it's right here it's that white
thing they go all right now rich we got
to go if I'll follow the dotted lines
yeah
what was that what was that did you did
you loot that house over here uh let's
just get to where we need to go how far
are we yeah sorry no no we're for
closest it's fine did you loot this
house and no okay there was that yeah
you're Mike right I can hear you you're
Mike's working everybody everything's
fine alright I think the lesson here
then is that since people people can't
hear us then our partners have to be
deciding when to jump yeah yeah whoever
whoever is uh whoever's with us we'll
start but we'll make the calls and what
rich and I will just follow well rich
there's a nice helmet I accidentally
switched guns no it's it's because we
don't have any microphones did you get
the backpack now it's it's simply
because we don't have microphones hooked
up to the the computer that we're
streaming from alright let's jump off of
here here's some bandages for you and
then we got to get moving again cuz we
are
fuck we're kind of Fox what do we find
worry Oh
alright let's go follow on the line
alright we're gonna go to this road and
see if we can find a car that would be
helpful or a boat or right by some water
maybe we can find a boat rich well sail
away into the sunset sail away to
victory
yeah I'm sailing away do any regular
headsets here I don't think we do yeah
that's fine here we go whoo good thing
I'm wearing that towel tips y'all were
we're kind of in the middle of something
we're kind of playing some pug g-man we
so need a car
we might just barely make it which is
have you guys been taking bets on
whether or not I would shoot rich the
answer is yes I mean I probably will
don't you me
all right car car I have a suggestion
for a video Jack okay on a live stream
but just a video or a couple videos okay
I'm listening
Duchess in the Dragons stream with rich
uh you know possibly possibly alright
let's just let's just swim across man
yeah yeah I mean that that could be you
know with the podcast thing is a big
maybe or we'll just find something else
it's it's it's hard to think about that
right now when were you know it's hard
to think about the next thing when
you're wrapping up one thing we're not
retiring from doing all things online
right wait where are you Oh way over
there we are just barely gonna make it
if we make it at all it's gonna be great
but you know hey we're four there's only
56 alive so we're doing good why don't
we start at 100 okay so you know we made
it to you know almost to the top half do
you only have a handgun I got a shotgun
okay but I don't think that's very good
for being out in the open
oh shit the blue lines here shit I'm
stuck shit I'm stuck on a boat fuck fuck
fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck
and I'm gonna die that's they'll be the
tough part is you know how are we gonna
fill that void in people's lives
oh we're pretty dead pretty much I'm
gonna I'm gonna have some energy drink
here and some painkillers and I'm hoping
that uh that that'll make me faster yeah
it does okay great
well I mean we're gonna be dead
obviously God oh no actually we're
pretty close we might be able to make it
we might be able to make it
I have med packs too all right
I'm alive okay so find a place to hunker
down I'll come to you come on see if
there's any like vehicle move see if
there's any vehicles near you cuz that
would be helpful I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna make it question I should I use my
bandage no I have a like a medic
mid-back thing are you
oh man you're really far away from me
how'd you get over there a brand well
well
alright I'm coming I'm coming ish maybe
use the bandage I guess cuz we're just
gonna start running again
yeah how do we use again Rob right click
and then you can't you can't move out
for fuck's sake
okay Oh for all the good that did run
towards me
we already running again yes we have to
run again Jesus Christ okay wait I'm
gonna I'm gonna give you a first aid kit
okay okay oh that's three first aid kits
nice I don't want to give you three
first aid kits how do I just give you
one first aid kit you know what fuck it
let's go
we're running again we're running again
we only have a minute Oh pub G its
classic pub G this is the game we are so
fucked unless we find a car I'd love to
find a car well there's a road over here
hold on let's run kind of this way
Oh though oh the lines oh no nevermind
we're gonna make it the lines were
written yeah we're gonna make it
probably someone in this house let's be
careful by these homes yeah approach
slowly
backpack machine gun machine gun yeah
like a big med kit in here where are you
I'm in here these houses have not been
looted nice helmet but you've got one
right I got on him there's there's a
machine gun a nine millimeter machine
gun and a really nice med kit up here
all right
heading over okay oh wait I think I got
my gun needs taking care of her okay oh
okay that's great we're doing great and
I got a shotgun if you need one I have a
shotgun already oh you got a med kit too
I'll just grab this grab this one then
okay let's um let's get into the into
the circle then I could use a better
sight okay let's get into the circle oh
I don't I have a good sight but I you
know only one if I my god
I don't see what's what's the plan
where are you behind you why don't I see
you oh they are I don't know if I have a
plan
oh oh you'd have their hat yeah pretty
much we're in hunker down to it so why
not alright you know I guess like yeah
they are the plan is kind of stay at the
outer Ridge of the circle okay and and
move our way in because that's that's
what we're doing it's been working for
us and oh shit next one's far away next
one's far away so I head towards that
road this fortnight do this shit yeah
head towards that rah rah have they
found no better mechanic let's see if we
can find a car it's all the same crap it
is we you know we kind of talked about
this it's necessary I think the the
shrinking circle is a necessary evil
you need to force confrontation
you run faster with the pistol right I
think so yeah what flatout don't
remember how to have no weapon oh sorry
I'm very very sorry
all right this road is useless no car we
have a minute before the blue circle
starts closing in on us so that's good
that you what nothing I'm listening
ah might actually house it just start
running yeah we have to run it's way on
the other side it's way on the other
side man oh wait what what motorcycle
car where where where maybe oh crap it's
burnt out nope oh yeah no dune buggy
we got a dune buggy rich you want to
drive or you want to you want to uh yeah
you can drive hi I'll Drive you gun yes
little dune buggy in the sand a little
blue dune buggy in my hand
I'm still traumatized I didn't get to
it's right careful we're driving into
trouble sure are shit I'm down okay like
I'm down I'm coming okay I'm down fuck
this game fuck this game well let's see
who killed us fuck this game so hard all
right rich if you if you want to just
monitor chat I can I can play with other
people oh no problem what you want to
figure out a audio solution do we have
one
do we have an audio solution no no we
don't that's just gonna be impossible
tonight I think it's gonna be impossible
tonight all right but that's okay like
you said what what we'll do and you know
for anyone who's gonna join is you kinda
have to be in charge you'll have to call
out where we go rocket League might
let's do one more planning on doing
multiple games so we'll do it let's do
one more this one I'm gonna leave the
group real quick
leave team okay who wants to join one
more one more pub G and rich if you
don't feel like joining that's fine you
don't have to okay I'll just read to
just read yeah we got Bert Zilla I don't
know who that is but we got them our
Miller you want to give it another try
cuz you couldn't join us our Miller's
down who else we got who else we got we
got no one anonymous says someone send
me a message
look crocodile brain yeah like lion
brain
don't play the games uninstall them you
boring twats don't don't about stuff you
don't like do you know lessons of life
talk about stuff you do like twats
should become the classics range yeah
oh and Tiberius my headset does have a
microphone but I don't have the
microphone there's a microphone slatton
but I don't have the microphone on it
alright we need one more Ocelot terraeum
says never watched your livestream
before because at the time difference
but I just have to be here tonight
who cares if tomorrow I keep falling
asleep at my boring job anyway thanks
for all the fun times cheers from the
land of pierogi and CD Projekt RED thank
you live from Poland that means so many
new invites the ghost of Nick says some
people think the future means the end of
history
well we haven't run out of history quite
yet captain james t kirk all the best
for anyone who I'm friends with on Steam
I don't see you online so just ask me to
join your team and then you should join
the whole team for 10 dear or says oh
you asked me unfortunately going to miss
the rest of the stream so I just want to
say thanks for everything
hope to see more video game related
content in the future from you guys
Thank You future future Jace's on one
hand everything ending is for the best
because I shouldn't feel so attached to
two strangers that I have to pay to read
my messages
on the other hand I'm going to fucking
miss these streams thank you for
everything
take care and be well David thank you
recon cannon says hey guys this dream
has been the highlight of my week for
the last three years once I discovered
the channel I went back and watched
every video you've helped me get through
some really tough times
thanks all the best you you magnificent
bastards thank you thank you very much
and to you bastard
I just invited a bunch of or I just
accepted a bunch of friend requests like
I see encephalopathic
and affiliate says I'm up for one van
drift I just don't see you online and so
if if you see me I mine invite me
commissar Doge says so just come on do
it it's really disheartening that rich
has been disillusioned with comic books
and had given up on them for years any
chance he can give Hickman's run I'm
fantastic for a chance it's a return to
form for the first family of Marvel and
is writing and sci-fi solid all around
who throat knows that the future brings
the comic books that's that's an
expensive hobby oh god yeah it is yeah
invite please I I can't I don't see you
in my fingy all people need to invite me
hello my try restarting my my lobby here
they said that might work
Oh key b85 says hey wreckers hey mochi
b85 what up this may be my last donation
I'll be sad to see you go if anybody
asked just say prereq is being put on
hold indefinitely because it's one of
those words that no one really knows if
it means it's canceled or hiatus or
whatever okay exactly
Salinger 42 says you will be missed
one question before you go okay why is a
human with spider powers a superhero but
a turtle with human powers isn't whoa
look look super powered relative to a
turtle yeah that doesn't mean much to me
also it's not a human with spider powers
it's a human with spider themed powers
they work the same way if you had just
spider powers you would have a bunch of
arms and you would shoot you would like
make thin webbing out of your butt right
like he has spider themed powers the
proportional strength of a spider this
doesn't mean anything
that doesn't mean anything
that's okay hold on let me try this let
me try this y'all Oh who joined I wanted
great let's go great
let's rock and roll that's good enough
for me no one else is here so let's go
boom boom alright so I guess I'm just
gonna huh yeah usually sorry about that
oh wait nobody's gonna be able to hear
you though they'll hear me through the
stream they can't hear me anyway they
can't hear you through the stream why
not we weren't getting your sound
earlier remember which if we're just
getting a sound from my computer
oh shit that's all right sorry can I can
I say spectate is that a possible is
that a possible ah I don't know it's a
good question go to friends and who
visible are you playing with I should be
here who are you playing with you're not
though for whatever reason you're not
I'm playing with our Miller I'm playing
with our Miller ha watt and bird Zilla
all right can i spectate where to go
well you can hear that grating
no oh well oh well switch up games after
this yes yes we will
alright remember you guys have to you
guys have to take the lead
great
I'm ready I'm ready now I say that's it
red lights coming in through messages
rock and roll spectator option oh shit I
pressed the wrong button I pressed my
parachute button
don't worry I'll catch up gosh dang it I
have a look around button yeah
and I pressed my parachute button I'll
meet up with you need a chance can you
check your Steam and see if you got on
request from me to spectate when you get
a chance I'm here no I'll just keep
reading tips I just keep reading tip
yeah yeah you know it'll be fine I'm
coming guys I'm coming but I
accidentally I accidentally opened my
parachute too early Cal run says here's
a tip for the final app my wife and I
will miss these streams we have come to
enjoy them while making dinner together
she will sorely miss riches laughs I'll
always remember that don't shit your
pants and co-op streams priceless
much-loved thank you
girl sandwich says well boys my 14
months in a row would have been Sunday
so here's my $2 send-off thanks for
everything we're still internet friends
in my heart Jack don't forget eggs AIDS
whopper button tums festival lol fuck my
cock thank you
fat produ says love both your work
have you seen Neil Breen's new trailer
for twisted I posted a couple of days
ago and I I have seen it I'm you might
you might you might hear about that
later I'm not sure you might do
something with that anything is possible
anything is possible
anything is possible except for the
things that are
Chucky's bologna says i tip dozens of
times over the past few years
anonymously asking rich if he like
lightsabers I just wanted to thank you
because as Jack puts it it's very fun to
poke the bear I love both you guys for
literally hundreds of hours of
entertainment thank you
actually game go on Jack
so far so good we're all alive oh no
burntzilla Brazil a shot who's shooting
at Burt Silla
the people with guns and there's someone
here
I'm down there's someone behind the wall
almost Sun Zoo says hey guys wish I
could listen in but I'm at work I have a
ton of tips for you tonight that I've
been procrastinating and sending you and
now have to all the one stop it help it
cue Cinderella help it don't know what
you got til it's gone
seriously though gonna miss y'all thank
you not gonna says hi guys I've been
watching a while but couldn't make it
live so here are some money I owe you I
know it isn't official but can I get a
Jed for the last couple of years thank
you for watching and your subscriber
thanking voice it'd be awesome Jed
thank you for watching we really
appreciate it
army Blood says thanks for all the
streams I've been watching since summer
2016 and rlm since Phantom Menace review
just telling myself this is a move to
bring back Gamestation 2.0 rich and Jack
please do another review soon I love
Devin demolition man and love your
review please thanks I gotta find a good
movie for reviews but a while since I've
been on one I think renegade Keira says
there's a fun ride while it lasted we'll
never forget crocodile brain no lion
brain dunking on Sonic and your glee at
playing doom and blood back keep on
playing fun games hope chat will be
civil at least for one night
as if that it's over what game what game
we're doing or do you are you determined
to do one more of these are you bound
and determined no this isn't gonna end
well and especially because they can't
hear no let's do some rocket League
rocket League oh yeah yeah I think you
know what you should be you for a while
I can try to get caught well that's
do some rocket League and then I'll join
him later
they're here put up your ears you're my
what I'll play on the man then
Oh on on the main computer I'll play on
that way people can actually hear the
rocket League and all right everybody
rocket League it up let's rocket League
it up what oh yeah you did it and you'll
probably want a controller unless you
play this keyboard mouse which might no
no I definitely I would definitely like
to control it's pretty solidly it's one
of those controller games
I know I've hated controllers in the
past but yeah only in regards to
shooters great yeah really that's it you
know there's a ton of games that work
significant or strategy games like an
RTS use the right tool for the right job
absolutely rock god damn it rich what I
didn't stop oh
it's probably in son sold online install
it how long did it possibly take leave
yeah see ya might happen relatively
quickly we are streaming yeah we'll see
I'll see what's a let's wait and because
you guys probably wanna hear it and for
some reason we can't get
sound coming out of my computer unless
you know what let's just try it let's
just try why don't you bring up why
don't you bring up the elgato one let's
see if we can get sound working sound
should be working from thee okay let's
see if we can
to do that
John Vaughn Tony says from those here at
Burger Brothers animation thank you for
all the laughs you're all them alright
and we typically love the Batman shows
we do now how do you how do you people
at Warner Brothers animation assuming
you have anything to do with Teen Titans
go feel about the new teams in action I
can only imagine that the the team like
working on Teen Titans go watch the
trailer for Titans and just couldn't
function for the day right just
absolutely
can you guys hear rocket League by the
way yes Chad farewell Chad
fare-thee-well heliosphere 1969's is
going to miss you guys
thanks for everything maybe a podcast in
the future we don't know yet man let us
let us catch your breath and recharge
your batteries for crying out loud
unclip Dan
oh that's Uncle Dan 85 says I subscribed
at the very beginning and then stopped
always meaning to resub again thinking
there was probably plenty of time are
plenty of some other time to do it and
now it's over
still here are 10 Swiss francs to say
thanks and sorry and I look forward to
the future you don't you don't have to
apologize okay so by the way if you want
to join my my rocket league match then
the name is pre pre P re P re and the
password is wreck wreck our EC re see
pre pre wreck wreck oh it's a donation
not a fee so you know to feel bad
commissar Doge says and Republic
Commando actually subverts the boring
clone trope by giving your squaddies
personality and the game while not being
incredibly excellent by any stretch of
the word is well made tactical FPS
that's at least decent rich should give
it a chance ok ok I'll keep it I'll keep
it in mind
I'll keep it in mind
MC Lucas says I'll be tipping later too
but I have a burning question first
was there a plateau in viewership
computing contributing to your decision
it's never come up but I realized that I
never had promoted the stream despite it
being a big part of my last four years
no no no I mean the you know there there
was there was a plateauing but that
doesn't necessarily have anything to do
with it we have we have a we have a good
group of you guys if they have an nice
loyal group oh my god there's too many
people and we have we have insanely
loyal yeah the fans just insanely
insanely loyal which is which is
fantastic but no then the numbers have
very little to do with it the numbers
don't wait why do you have four and I
only oh no there is oh fuck
oh great check I feel one I thought this
was only a three versus three match and
it's for visas visas for but you know I
think if if we had if if the numbers
were growing at an insane really harder
to quit I think well yeah I think we
would have very a very different outlook
about things but no that's I think the
quality would still go down absolutely
and you don't want that I say thank you
I'm getting better at that like
predictive I could put tyre to bring it
up the same stuff all the time yeah
Mass Effect never goes oh no Mass Effect
again Star Wars ever no no no words
again oh right right we've we've hit
that point we're just like people know
what rich how rich feels about things
how I will react
come on come on good good good get it
over that orange side it's weird not
hearing any of this but uh it's not the
chats fault we're quitting I mean no no
we we've just run out of things to talk
about it's been 40
well more has been it's been you know
it's been the close to five years of us
just gibbering and you know we just we
can't say how much we appreciate all of
you guys who have been here with us all
this time but you know we it's it's
getting to be the same story over and
over and over again and again we're not
necessarily we're not necessarily going
anywhere we're just taking a little
break we'll figure out something yeah
you'll you'll definitely see us in
invest of the worst exactly exactly and
then eventually we'll probably look for
something else to do so it's what
happened last time so I can only assume
it'll happen again this time which tell
us the truth you pirated Star Trek
discovery for your reviews I had a legit
CBS all access subscription I don't have
it anymore I'm gonna do a review on it
be highly unethical to pirate that shit
yes it would be a review that you're
monetizing right nope
oh that was my whip that was that was
absolutely my fault absolutely my fault
I'm very sorry everyone
I wonder if I wonder if it's the sound
settings I'm just curious as to oh shit
oh shit I'm curious as to why sound
isn't going through my HDMI like it
should be yep fart noise there's time
for that come back jack
oh yeah we have three minutes this is
all this is all the in rocket league
this is all the time in the world
there's three whole minutes the problem
is I don't think it's gonna happen
because you know orange is orange seems
to be pretty on top of things and so
even if we can get our shit together we
still have to get through their defense
that's perfect set I know I'll take the
assist I'll take the assist that was a
nice set though all four of us all four
of us yeah vomiting over the comeback is
real oh yeah for all you fuckers out
there who quit after after one damn
score a point gets scored on the other
team the comeback is a very real thing
and you know especially with two minutes
to spare oh shit oh shit oh shit
Oh blah Garrett you got a post yeah
that's right oh it's fine it's fine it's
fine yeah
that you know that is that get tonight
shut that was a nice shot nice shot
yes are playing rocket League again it's
the face that fuck it's a fucking
fantastic one control around no this is
Micah oh you brought one I'm all good
Alan Bradley says going to miss having
prominent Milwaukee Midwest streamers
any possibility of a Laverne and Shirley
reboot starring you guys like a gender
reversal of earnest Shirley absolutely
that's that's the secret project Larry
and Larry's not a good Laverne is on
male lover what's a male Laverne you
almost want to say like Al Albert Albert
Albert and Shane yeah they're good Lavar
I'm talking levar and Sherman levar
Sherman first of all I love it you got
it
that's coming through chance it and home
runs but when don't they set up set up
set up here open up too much sorry too
much almost son Zeus's I don't watch any
other twitch streams so you guys can
keep collecting my freebies owes money
indefinitely fees those bucks or at
least as long as I remember to log in
hopefully twitch doesn't shut the
channel down hope say something about
doom 40:32 when it comes out I can only
assume after a long enough time of us
not doing anything you probably look for
someone else to give your money to a
defunct stream right but I appreciate
the sentiment thing it's plenty of
stream money and plenty of streamers out
there eight set of them
at least a couple of them got to be good
you kind of got I thought they were
gonna take a shot so I just wanted to be
there to block in case they are in case
there's a nice shot nice shot decimation
the comeback is not happening but still
said pub G in the oh we might I'll fix
that
we absolutely might oh you know what
yeah yeah go no more no more no no all
right that should be fixed great yeah
the plan tonight you know is to hit some
old co-op classics yep
get everyone involved man did everyone
involved GG everyone hold on can you
shut me down I want to check my settings
again I mean a second give me a second
all right red eric says hey guys I'm
watching you for a couple of years and
wanted to give a little thanks
especially love both your injustice one
in two streams I wish you good fortune
in the worse to come
thank you wait Diddy 23 says longtime
viewer medium time subscriber first-time
tipper thanks for everything
you're welcome all right how about how
about now can you hear thee can you hear
it now and then I right-click on Game
Capture HD s and just make sure it's not
muted oh oh oh we turn that off because
of a potential static thought all right
I don't I don't know that it's getting
any sound though now they should hear it
now you should hear it maybe I don't
know
well here am i we downloaded on the
other sure no no we're not I did I did
oh well i unpassed it 9 yet nope I
listen we're ending streaming just like
you started it with a shitload of
technical problems also still super
laggy well well there is something we
can do about that action restart what
we'll do is as soon as as soon as this
rocket league is is ready we got 14 more
and so play one more game on mine yeah
then we'll shut down the stream unplug
my computer just play off of the okay
you tur here and then everything should
go back to normal
okay one more game of rocket League
though rights
we're gonna go to private match see look
I said the team size is three versus
three though why you know why'd it go no
BOTS team setting no mutator setting
they take off even the option for five
versus five didn't they used to have
that I can only go as high as four right
floor but I haven't said it no more than
three versus three it's just chaos oh
well even four versus four is fucking
what how can they get in the name if you
go to you know private match you there's
an option for join private match the
name is pre pre P re P re the password
is wreck wreck re C re C and if you
played last game don't play this game go
any capitals no capital okay candy for
crows says I came for the laughs and
jokes but you guys actually got me to
play many games I never thought I would
I hope you have a good break and come up
with something even more exciting I'd be
nice thank you that would be nice
wouldn't it madam says longtime listener
and first and I guess last time tipper
here you were the only game review
channel on YouTube I even remotely
enjoyed the world of YouTube doesn't
deserve you guys thanks for all the
great content you're welcome
grace wing dear says hey Jack and rich
hi thank you for all the memories and
great streams I'll always remember my
favorite one
please quest to with sunny bonds Keith
and pixel tits good luck in your next
endeavors and greetings from France
thank you
City battens it's a pixel tits that was
great Broadwater since I remember before
tipping when people would subscribe with
user names that would give you hints or
simply to make a joke
god dammit those were good times they
were all good times I've watched every
stream you and rlm are the only reason I
internet Thank You captain jerk says
congratulations on getting away with it
for four years you hack frauds best of
luck on your next scam your secret is
safe with me seriously thanks for the
good times thank you okay so it's now
prereq prereq p re re sorry CP re re see
because apparently the old room was
still open okay so i couldn't create a
new room PR e re c p re re c that's the
new name and password
and once again we are 4v4 great almost
some zoo says great they don't say that
they say great oh my god
too many people it's fine what are
there's many people that is possible you
know what it's great
just shove shove yourselves all in there
it's fine yeah almost son Zoo says I
love riches tip reading voice it has a
singsong quality that's comforting and
unique among his voices and I always
read my tips in his voice in my head to
see how they sound before I send them
hopefully Jack didn't just read this
awesome spot oh man I lost again sack of
the axis says same donation amount as my
first donation finally got around to
watching all the movies you've suggested
to me rich Dead Alive was hilarious and
I can't wait to show it to people be
sure to tell Janie that Nightbreed was
also fantastic thanks you're welcome
oh the tip amount that was the same as
the first tip yeah 4:20 yeah classic
it's like a pop I get it
it's like a pot a pot humor is just
acknowledging pot yes and I can firmly
say that when you are a pot head it's
always hilarious when you are high just
acknowledging that pot exists is the
funniest thing I can't properly explain
why
Oh denied get oh we got someone in there
nice save nice save shit shit
Jones Ramone says hey guys sure have
enjoyed listening to YouTube chat for
the past couple years throwing a few
tips into the pot tonight to make up for
being a mooch who's typically watched on
YouTube
rather than catching the live streams oh
it's fine well any any way any way that
you want we just we appreciate it
we didn't want people to watch on
YouTube mr. Plunkett says hey guys first
time to / here right been watching rlm
since high school and prereq three years
ago as i started college venture
overlaps and helping me get through
countless nights of engineering projects
best of luck and any future endeavors
thank you oh god oh god it's wide open
someone's got to stay back whoever is
closest to the to the goal your goalie
for that round that's that's the
unspoken rule yeah you're okay just
someone staying like midfield yeah
that's usually what I do if I see
everyone rushing forward I stay kind of
midfield and then there's an opportunity
yeah you're close enough to charge you
into not the ball in sure he's got he's
got a trusted teammate trust your
teammates
let's make me wanna play rocket League
guy it's the greatest game I'm back here
I'm gonna go it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine and oh we were all there
I'm swimming I lost all my little
ranking leveling I think I was like
golden doubles oh yeah yeah nice yeah
you probably lost it all because the new
season started yeah go almost home on
ice it's still in their territory that's
Cena that's the the victory I'll take
here is it still in blue territory and
no it's not quite all is close though
still in blue still in blue we got it we
got it we got here we go yeah gobble
gobble gobble
everything's fine gobbling of a boost I
need boost they take all my boosts this
is the real problem with 4v4 is just
there's never any boost ok ok we have to
score at least one soul tornado says you
guys are like brothers to me I will
fucking miss you I hope your future
endeavors are fruitful thanks for all
your time it's all we have to share with
each other and I appreciate yours be
well thank you thank you you know it's
again and you know I know it doesn't
oh fuck we lost alright that means we
have to take a break
I know it doesn't say right what then
which other way that's a no those were
the winners rich that's where the
winners as I guess it makes sense they
put the winners up on a pedestal we
gonna all right are we gonna go away and
come back then we're gonna go away and
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna come
back one more time yeah but we're gonna
try and fix some issues yeah

[Part II]
twitch loot if you're a
twitch Prime member you get exclusive
items for your pub G care oh my god I
got a towel that goes around his waist
and and a little twitch handkerchief
that I thought was appropriate yeah yeah
so you know he's looking pretty good
it's looking pretty good
I don't believe my twitch Prime or
whatever is linked oh yeah well that's
the thing you got a link it yeah
I thought you understood this I didn't
install it and then I reinstalled it so
we could have a fun time getting shot so
we could play a game with you the chat
and have a good time
we've got we've got some we got a couple
minutes I had to read download it on my
computer I have like a minute and a half
left right right we play this maybe
we'll play a little Friday the 13th
maybe a little rocket League we're just
we're just gonna play some games what
stops that we can invite other people
into absolutely Def Jam's yes we are
stopping both twitch you have probably
gotten good enough at rocket leagues you
you played that consistent
oh man I'm you could probably whip my
ass at this point and they just think
we're about at the same level yeah well
I just have the more practice recent
yeah because I've been really hitting
that hard recently yeah we have for
those new or for those who are kind of
like hearing this through other things
yes we are stopping both the the
livestream and the reviews on YouTube
both of the channels will stay up and so
you can keep that content and of course
red letter media is not going anywhere
we're not dying and we'll you'll see us
other places we'll probably end up doing
other things but I think for now
for now yeah me and Jack just need a
break I ain't here here's what I can
guarantee you previously recorded
started because when rich and I would
get together for best of the worst we
would gravitate towards each other talk
about video games yeah and eventually it
was just one of those yeah make a show
guys yeah fantasy so I can only assume
that will happen
again as you know we generally gravitate
towards each other when we're in the
group for best of the worst or other
things we were just we're just stopping
previously recorded right now that's it
wait now it sounds ambiguous because
there are literally no plans at this
moment what's what's the definition of
ambiguous because because that might be
what we're talking about is in flux how
about you where is it that is that is
boo doo doo doo mmm
they give you new warnings now and the
pub gee like we're you know we're
tracking you if you use cheating
software we can ban you it's gonna be
great I demand to know what you're going
to do before you do it I we got nothing
man we got absolutely nothing like I
don't know what to tell you we have no
ideas we don't know we just don't know
rich we have the twat Rupp yes I put the
torture up I put it up also we have some
tips on we have some tips already so why
don't I read those tips anonymous says
thanks for being such wonderful people
you too these streams were a welcome
distraction when I was unemployed ears
back thank you for tolerating our idiocy
all this time I'll miss you both and the
weirdos in chat to shine on all you
crazy diamonds thank you anonymous how's
it have my controls remembered that's
nice that is nice
dode anzi nope I'm sorry not so dainty
John Smith says hey rich and Jack never
tipped before but I've been watching for
a couple months now I figured a couple
bucks is somewhat obligatory thanks for
the use of entertainment and good luck
with your future projects thank you and
you know please don't feel like you have
to tip yeah or sub or anything for
anyone even today we just we appreciate
all of you just being here and watching
you know that's so we we need people to
play this with well let me get through a
couple of these oh sorry game John Smith
says hey rich and Jack never tipped
before I've been watching for a couple
months now I figured oh right I did that
one Doh Dan Z says I know you guys think
the internet friends thing is dumb and
weird but this really does feel like
losing friends thanks all the
entertainment I'm going to miss your
conversations if you decided a new
project I'll be there lol fuck my cock
no no we're I'm eeen you will see us
upfront like there's probably an rlm
video coming out later today that rich
and I will be in who knows knowing
knowing the the upload schedule no we're
still gonna be around don't worry about
that at all slight go 78 says hello hack
frogs while I just subscribed I have
been listening via YouTube I wanted to
say say your streams gave me a really
good time okay my fingers I thought I
was gonna say a lot of heartburn it's
it's a carnival of antacids rich
Anonymous's greetings from Finland it's
2:00 a.m. here thanks for everything
perkele almost a festival of Rolaids
could be could be trying to remember
what the swallowable heartburn
all right just
I don't know multiple ones there's
multiple ones okay let's find some oh
damn it you're right shed one panini
meanie said I should have said roll a
timid once again the chat has come up
with the obvious pun that I missed uh
they're kind of they're kind of way on
town forehead all right let's go to
squad here just send me an invite I
think it's way to do this you go to your
team and go to squad what my team yeah
okay you're not and you're not online
what you're not online
what do you mean I'm not online oh I
only see how well yeah I only see how
one okay let me actually you know I sure
maybe let's just start with a duo you
want huh what no well me know there's
only so much time well we'll start with
four maybe as many people in as we who
want to be in as we can ah no way
captain Larry has invited me to join a
team all right captain Larry invite rich
- I gotta get online just to get online
okay what are we gonna change online
offline mode click on your on your
picture down there then we're all here
yeah right click on it there you go now
go to online there you go let's get hot
wet in here I invited home what to the
team and then we'll wait we'll wait for
rich
you're not here we do a friends culling
yeah we can do that we'll do that after
this round a friend culling yeah sure
you sure another yeah yeah I'm looking
at it you might need to log you know
sign off sign back in because you were
exit yeah make sure online your online
it says I'm online yup so now open up
the pub puppers to puppeteers the music
slightly off sync between my song and
when your song is playing so yeah that
would have been horrifying had they been
able to hear that yeah okay here we go
here we go let's get rich in on it and
and
and I I don't even know how to go and
look for friends I could be honest I
just don't remember like if I could send
you an invite with that maybe oh yeah
see you're not showing up I'm not
showing up for you either why is that
team how what do you see rich invite
rich if you see rich cuz I don't we
don't see him
you don't see him either hmm that's
weird
oh there is there I am click the check
for the check button boom there you are
okay what are we playing IRA playing
first person or third person and
whatever great let's know what I'm fine
with whatever you want
hit the ready button then rich but hey
ha Wotton I I was playing a little bit
earlier today to to loosen up and get
some practice oh I guess what she's hot
I'm gonna throw an apple at you where
are you where are you rich I'm throwing
apples you're not there yet
I know I'm not for some reason I don't
know why you get apples to throw you
throw apples at people pretty fun
no there and Apple and Apple and Apple
you're not there yeah I'm just throwing
apples at you what do you want me to do
news captain Larry hey captain Larry
Apple where do you get these apples from
you just start with apples in here you
start with apples oh yeah they took away
the guns because apparently it was a
performance issue we're on the plane
already alright ok guys how do i how do
i disembark you press the action button
whatever that is ok I think I remember
what that is whatever whatever ever
wants to do okay you see Captain Larry
already has a plan he's going to it
we're going to camp Bravo I will see
them use these there might be a little
delay with that where are we live in
that wait you have a plan I'll just wait
for the wait for the word okay captain
Larry tell us when to go and
they jumped jump jump so see that see
that like a rectangle I'm just gonna
follow everyone else okay we're going to
the rectangle let's do this I don't
think it down there so fast
got dive-bomb that's what you got to do
dive-bomb rich oh shit we're gonna be a
fire fight like there's a right away
with us
yay people had the same idea good then
we start with a fire fight that's gonna
be great that's gonna be great let's
let's go shit right away they've already
got guns
it's fine that's fine that's fine
shit it's okay I have a med pack and a
motorcycle
all right well I got punched
you got punch to death yeah great shit
hi team I'm coming back to you who's all
dead
ha what captain Larry I'm coming back to
you know captain Larry's dead I'm except
for me
cuz I ran away I'm kind of a schmuck
teammate and I'm really sorry about that
but I'm also alive so we are here figure
out where we are here which I'm so sorry
everyone
anonymous says greetings from Finland is
also not sorry - I am here thanks for
everything
purple you're welcome jag Joe Becca
donut says Jack yeah how are you ever
going to remember to buy eggs that's
that's a really important question I
often I really oftentimes use you guys
to help you remember oh my god there's
so much Lois how do you switch to your
spectating
I have no idea well since I press our
report not what I'm gonna report
do you porch I'll report spectating
player no that's not what I want I just
want to say thank you thank you no thank
you for watching this luck this this
awful schlock all right what do I change
that's what I keep telling everyone all
the time oh god there's a big echo
there's a terrible echo rich page up and
page down do you guys hear that echo are
you doing what a life yeah oh my god but
I ran away you guys you guys all went
into that one area and I found a
motorbike and just ran away my plan was
to find some good gear and then you know
come back and and and help you but you
know that's in a really work fix the
frame rate I have no idea how to fix the
frame rate
we stream at a lower resolution would
that help go to 7/7 we don't start the
stream over yeah it looks pretty bad uh
talk to the chat like bad enough to
start the stream oh I'm watching it on
xsplit we we are you know we were
experimenting now with basically we're
running to capture cards other people
saying not it's fine
oftentimes I think it looks it does look
stutter to us but um it doesn't look
stuttery to them so okay it's been super
stuttery the whole time the video was
super laggy not good audio is distinct
as well yeh that's been here someone's
been here they still here well you know
wouldn't be a stream without some
technical difficulties some screen
tearing yes
what don't forget come on
Nana says thanks to your stream my
girlfriend and I met she's amazing and
I'm incredibly grateful may our days be
great thanks for other fun times and
distractions and yes
there are actually female fans what eat
congratulations
okay yeah you won you met a girl - you
kept a girl you did all the things great
good for you man you did it so are you
saying there are female fans because
your girlfriend is a female or or was
that tip worth like a hundred lesbian
kisses although that was worth all the
lesbian kisses lesbian kisses if it's
one thing I'll miss the most it's all
the lesbian kisses
come on we got all the also since you
are still make sure to tell all your
fans to check out filthy and free
publishing on YouTube what
oh god shameless you know something I
will remember though um Oh bother
we we didn't we didn't really a name
drop Oh bother and Mario Mario yeah who
were the ones that helped us Oh Roger
yeah definitely and Oh bother has a
streaming channel in which he is going
to be kind of talking about some of the
design process of Project Hornet so if
you feel like like learning a little bit
more about that you can get on Obama's
channel even
they've been tweaking with the the
graphics yes we played this last it
looks different well this is a whole new
map okay
so it's not even a contest anymore
between this and pub G ISM this is pub G
I mean this end a fortnight whoa I mean
for tonight's winning hands down yeah
yeah in fact fortnight's winning so much
that pub G sued them yeah which is you
know the dumbest thing you can do you're
winning I'm gonna sue nothing makes you
seem like you're on top than suing your
competition you know I wonder if it gets
better if I close out one of these yeah
yeah maybe if you close out yours maybe
we don't get a little bit better or
maybe it'll be better with just mine
possibly
there's lots of options here it
is that better I think it's better
rich help me propose to my best friend
of 17 years say Kellan will you marry
Dylan and I hope that was sincere and
not like the the actions of a stalker Oh
God who's like stalking Kellan
Oh God what have you done wants nothing
to do with Dylan right that's exactly
what you've done a bandage hoarder never
gonna use these band-aids
um oh I already had a pen hey dawn of
the final basis so with prereq ending
yeah Jack and rich come to a fork in
their road through life oh yeah I guess
the only question for them is which way
should I go now which way should I go
now I was thinking about that which way
should I go now
- are you feeling lonely it's thinking
about that stream the other day what a
bizarre game that was thinking about
that and thinking about the word tryst
OS 6 times scope no I'm just not that
good a shot just not that good a shot I
don't need it
seeing about the word tryst and how like
that is just not a word that people use
anymore tryst which trysts and the tryst
and the the seventh the cash stream I've
used the word tryst before that's insane
to me why cuz that's not it's a it's
perfectly Crom Yulin word it's it it in
big uns your vocabulary absolutely Cyrus
the mild cold says I have an exam
tomorrow and it's the middle of the
night for me but I had to be here I
can't overstate how much I enjoyed your
streams thank you so much in conclusion
lol fuck my cock and Jack please don't
watch my six or anyone six for that
matter well check currently has no sixes
to watch because because I ran away all
my sixes are dead you you are the only
one who made the strategical retreat you
know I I played it smart I played it
smart to the detriment of my team rich
sure I'm alive but at what costs my team
is dead and I don't have a good helmet
I'd like a good helmet so do you have
room on your friends list uh yeah I come
back I can I can add some friends yeah I
think we should probably have you delete
a few people you add some friends yeah I
think I think tonight just one one match
for anyone okay yeah one match for
anyone
agreed
whisker cuddle says have you guys ever
played the seventh guest
I think you'll both love it so much by
the way which way do I go now
which way do I go now are you feeling
lonely on a serious note are you guys
Deadwood fans they just Greene greenlit
the long-awaited follow-up no it's not
something I'm against checking out I
never watched it but yeah I uh I've
heard good things
true blue review says hey guys be
prepared as I have several tips with
questions and things lined up for you
and feel free to not answer or ignore
whichever you don't like yeah just to
kick things off any specific plans after
prereq or were you just enjoy the new
free time oh I'm sure we will find other
things to do but no plans yet for at
very least like two weeks we're gonna
enjoy the free time and then we'll get
bored and want to do something again I'm
sure I'll find other things to do just
around here
honestly we really need to go through
and just find any doubles we have on
that wall oh yeah yeah you okay you guys
are running out of space up there I have
to I have to make some room
commissar dodge says I rarely stay up
late to catch you guys live
cuz I'm from Russia so I'll donate now
to make up for it I've watched your
channels content for years and you and
you come right and you comrades help me
learn casual conversational English
better than any textbook thank you
you're welcome
where was he where was he fly lighter
says my favorite stream was watching you
years ago running around lake view cabin
avoiding serial killers on the island
which lured Jay into watching got me
through a rough time
here's to quitting while suitably
average no on top we're on top I don't
know if you heard the news signed just
another casual host - yours buckle
Marx's did you guys hear about how
gog.com is giving everyone a full refund
on no man's sky out of their own wallet
because the pricks at hello games refuse
to only makes you love that company even
more good on GOG ya GOG is gravy did you
watch the the doc there no clip doc
about GOG no no I should know it's out I
gotta just sub to them I guess you
should you should and it's it's tough
because like I know like there's just
this whole history of gog to cover and
it's just you know it's the the
documentaries already like you know 20
30 minutes and you just think i want
more give me more information but how do
they do what how do they do it how do
they do it
all right oh we got some more we got
some more here I saw metal van wanted to
join us and how about our Millers right
next to them where are you rich
I just exited the
rebel scum 83 says glad this will end on
a high note
thanks for hours of AIDS endless
pop-culture talk and game
recommendations lol fuck my now empty
void that was previously recorded void
where'd you go you're not here again I'm
oh you have to leave your group oh how
do I do that down there where it says +3
leave team
and I'm not showing up for you again Oh
lar Miller declined my invite okay oh no
never mind
our Miller joined we're you know I I'm
waiting for an invite and am I on your
friends you demel should be you're not
showing up hold on hold on hold on
all right how would we okay well hit the
hit the plus button no go back go back
suppose you hit the plus button and
you're so not showing up I'm not showing
up on yours either is there any way you
could you have accidentally have been
blocked or something good our Miller or
metal van if you're friends with rich in
vitamin did you accidentally you
couldn't I saw you were in the earlier
you couldn't have gotten unfriended yeah
no look I'm right there yeah I'm I'm on
your friends list right there you might
be getting an invite friends can I send
me in right yeah go back to pub G for a
second hold on Oh into group join game
it's not giving me an option to join
game I'll go back to pub G for a second
there hit the check okay
well this is just how we're gonna have
to do it alright rich is back in let's
go a third person sure cuz you know why
cuz why not let's rock this joint you do
as you will all right hit there any
button hit the ready button I'm candy
banana says hello gentlemen hello how
are you doing this evening okay thank
you for asking
Alex cutter so it's a mixed bag it's
it's a bit it's a bittersweet day yeah
cutter says something in mildly poor
taste
yeah Sean Simonis says hey Jack and rich
come on I'm reeling let's go I will
likely send a few tips tonight being the
end but I did notice a few people in
chat talking about drinking yeah so I
propose a toast toasted to of the best
streamers that were on Twitch much love
and care till next we meet our Miller
you gotta hit the ready button
dial 871 says well I guess it's time to
pack up my Jimmy jams and get on the
trolley out of prereq town I'm drinking
and emotional so this will not be my
last tip the pocket deathtrap says I'm
at the bargaining phase of grief what
about after a hiatus you guys do
previously recorded audio a podcast
where you take questions of your
choosing from Twitter shoot the shit
most people treat this like a podcast
anyway it's perfect okay we'll take it
under advisement
I've been seeing a lot of that podcast
talk button yeah we have no plans we are
Miller if you don't if you don't click
you're ready button I'm kicking you I'm
kicking you right off the team I just
that's it that's a warning
hey D tqk a says thanks for all the
streams guys gonna miss this but I look
forward to your future project kick
best wishes guys kicked straight-up
kicked off switch let's go thesis 2 says
here's a little parting gift never cut
you guys live much dude time zones well
you're more nuanced reviews were not
breakout hits I think that they were
valuable to the discourse looking
forward to your next project thank you
yeah yeah you know I know I thought we
we had something I've had a few kind of
ideas Rumble around but yeah let's give
us give us a little break first and then
we'll and then we'll figure something
out
I think I'm I think I'm less laggy but
not by much
okay and if you want to figure that out
when we switch games maybe the answer is
maybe hey everybody can you hear us
well why find them apples
that's only in that other map the apples
are only in the other map yeah so this
map still has the guns no they got rid
of the guns too to make to reduce
crashes to reduce the the load load the
loading load they got rid of all guns
died hey you did it rich you might be
muted I don't know if they can hear us
your your microphone thing isn't going
on when we talk
push at mode always oh yeah okay I
should be can you guys hear us in game
or are you only listening to us in in
streamer let's fuck let's go to the gun
range three two one go reach take a hard
right another hard right up that way
there you go I have no idea where the
fuck anyone is going see that kind of
like desert note left is that you that's
you there right okay
we're a little blip in the sky yeah okay
we're not gonna make it to the I'm
marking a new spot on the map here um
now we're all over the place it's fine
everything's gonna be fine Oh Maya which
one am i oh here we go we're gonna let's
go to these houses over here maybe I
don't know I'm gonna lose the first
house I find great we'll meet up later
we'll meet up later everyone it's okay
we're heading kinda towards the gun
range kind of towards the gun range I
landed smack dab in the middle of
nowhere I am uh I'm all in a horrible
place I'm not near any house so you know
feeling pretty good yeah all you guys
are back there that's fine yep yeah we
can hmm weird we'll figure that out oh I
know why why because these microphones
aren't hooked up to that computer these
microphones are hooked up to the
streaming computer Oh
since you can hear us thanks rich and
Jack for four years of the best stream
on Twitch yay Venu it's really true
we're the best oh that's just the house
I'm coming towards you guys because
that's where the circle is yeah it's
better than nothing I guess
nothing you can hear that all right
we'll figure this out we didn't we
didn't think ahead here I'm coming
towards you I'm coming towards you
metal van are you still on your parrot
did you just land on your parachute have
you been parachuting this whole time
we're doing great I think we're doing
great do you have a gun at least I have
all that you have nothing huh you have
nothing all right where are you jack oh
my god I'm buying a house I'm on your
map you see me oh here oh yeah here we
go ahead aliens I'm hearing everybody
else
yeah we hear you guys just fine and the
reason you don't hear us is because we
don't have a microphone hooked up to
that computer which basically just means
that this is gonna be a little
frustrating until we can figure out how
to get some sort of microphone I don't
even know how we do that because we we
definitely need microphones for the
stream so yeah question is how delayed
is the stream all right I'm gonna say
now and then tell me when you hear me
say now okay 20 seconds
I got an Uzi over here anybody needs an
Uzi rich to you I got a shotgun shotgun
there's an extra backpack over here I
have plenty of health packs putting in
med packs if you guys want some what
button do I have freakin inventory there
you are rich where's everybody else
oh my god metal van and the off switch
died
oh well wait I gotta come to you rich
I'm coming to you
we're gonna stick this out together
where were you guys tell me if you're
being shot at no okay
no I'm pretty close to you yeah we're
pretty fucked no we got this rich oh I
got one this is me coming up to you rich
there's a helmet and a okay
come to where I am I don't even remember
how to drop thanks jack okay this is a
nightmare
drop them in the vicinity area okay now
Lee this is me coming up so don't freak
out
now follow me wait okay does that not
work on them
I thought that was for them I will
fucking fuck it you know what we're just
fine
great we're fine come on okay in here is
a helmet and a armor thing all right
we're fine everybody we're gonna do
we're doing great I don't see the armor
it's it's right here it's that white
thing they go all right now rich we got
to go if I'll follow the dotted lines
yeah
what was that what was that did you did
you loot that house over here uh let's
just get to where we need to go how far
are we yeah sorry no no we're for
closest it's fine did you loot this
house and no okay there was that yeah
you're Mike right I can hear you you're
Mike's working everybody everything's
fine alright I think the lesson here
then is that since people people can't
hear us then our partners have to be
deciding when to jump yeah yeah whoever
whoever is uh whoever's with us we'll
start but we'll make the calls and what
rich and I will just follow well rich
there's a nice helmet I accidentally
switched guns no it's it's because we
don't have any microphones did you get
the backpack now it's it's simply
because we don't have microphones hooked
up to the the computer that we're
streaming from alright let's jump off of
here here's some bandages for you and
then we got to get moving again cuz we
are
fuck we're kind of Fox what do we find
worry Oh
alright let's go follow on the line
alright we're gonna go to this road and
see if we can find a car that would be
helpful or a boat or right by some water
maybe we can find a boat rich well sail
away into the sunset sail away to
victory
yeah I'm sailing away do any regular
headsets here I don't think we do yeah
that's fine here we go whoo good thing
I'm wearing that towel tips y'all were
we're kind of in the middle of something
we're kind of playing some pug g-man we
so need a car
we might just barely make it which is
have you guys been taking bets on
whether or not I would shoot rich the
answer is yes I mean I probably will
don't you me
all right car car I have a suggestion
for a video Jack okay on a live stream
but just a video or a couple videos okay
I'm listening
Duchess in the Dragons stream with rich
uh you know possibly possibly alright
let's just let's just swim across man
yeah yeah I mean that that could be you
know with the podcast thing is a big
maybe or we'll just find something else
it's it's it's hard to think about that
right now when were you know it's hard
to think about the next thing when
you're wrapping up one thing we're not
retiring from doing all things online
right wait where are you Oh way over
there we are just barely gonna make it
if we make it at all it's gonna be great
but you know hey we're four there's only
56 alive so we're doing good why don't
we start at 100 okay so you know we made
it to you know almost to the top half do
you only have a handgun I got a shotgun
okay but I don't think that's very good
for being out in the open
oh shit the blue lines here shit I'm
stuck shit I'm stuck on a boat fuck fuck
fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck
and I'm gonna die that's they'll be the
tough part is you know how are we gonna
fill that void in people's lives
oh we're pretty dead pretty much I'm
gonna I'm gonna have some energy drink
here and some painkillers and I'm hoping
that uh that that'll make me faster yeah
it does okay great
well I mean we're gonna be dead
obviously God oh no actually we're
pretty close we might be able to make it
we might be able to make it
I have med packs too all right
I'm alive okay so find a place to hunker
down I'll come to you come on see if
there's any like vehicle move see if
there's any vehicles near you cuz that
would be helpful I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna make it question I should I use my
bandage no I have a like a medic
mid-back thing are you
oh man you're really far away from me
how'd you get over there a brand well
well
alright I'm coming I'm coming ish maybe
use the bandage I guess cuz we're just
gonna start running again
yeah how do we use again Rob right click
and then you can't you can't move out
for fuck's sake
okay Oh for all the good that did run
towards me
we already running again yes we have to
run again Jesus Christ okay wait I'm
gonna I'm gonna give you a first aid kit
okay okay oh that's three first aid kits
nice I don't want to give you three
first aid kits how do I just give you
one first aid kit you know what fuck it
let's go
we're running again we're running again
we only have a minute Oh pub G its
classic pub G this is the game we are so
fucked unless we find a car I'd love to
find a car well there's a road over here
hold on let's run kind of this way
Oh though oh the lines oh no nevermind
we're gonna make it the lines were
written yeah we're gonna make it
probably someone in this house let's be
careful by these homes yeah approach
slowly
backpack machine gun machine gun yeah
like a big med kit in here where are you
I'm in here these houses have not been
looted nice helmet but you've got one
right I got on him there's there's a
machine gun a nine millimeter machine
gun and a really nice med kit up here
all right
heading over okay oh wait I think I got
my gun needs taking care of her okay oh
okay that's great we're doing great and
I got a shotgun if you need one I have a
shotgun already oh you got a med kit too
I'll just grab this grab this one then
okay let's um let's get into the into
the circle then I could use a better
sight okay let's get into the circle oh
I don't I have a good sight but I you
know only one if I my god
I don't see what's what's the plan
where are you behind you why don't I see
you oh they are I don't know if I have a
plan
oh oh you'd have their hat yeah pretty
much we're in hunker down to it so why
not alright you know I guess like yeah
they are the plan is kind of stay at the
outer Ridge of the circle okay and and
move our way in because that's that's
what we're doing it's been working for
us and oh shit next one's far away next
one's far away so I head towards that
road this fortnight do this shit yeah
head towards that rah rah have they
found no better mechanic let's see if we
can find a car it's all the same crap it
is we you know we kind of talked about
this it's necessary I think the the
shrinking circle is a necessary evil
you need to force confrontation
you run faster with the pistol right I
think so yeah what flatout don't
remember how to have no weapon oh sorry
I'm very very sorry
all right this road is useless no car we
have a minute before the blue circle
starts closing in on us so that's good
that you what nothing I'm listening
ah might actually house it just start
running yeah we have to run it's way on
the other side it's way on the other
side man oh wait what what motorcycle
car where where where maybe oh crap it's
burnt out nope oh yeah no dune buggy
we got a dune buggy rich you want to
drive or you want to you want to uh yeah
you can drive hi I'll Drive you gun yes
little dune buggy in the sand a little
blue dune buggy in my hand
I'm still traumatized I didn't get to
it's right careful we're driving into
trouble sure are shit I'm down okay like
I'm down I'm coming okay I'm down fuck
this game fuck this game well let's see
who killed us fuck this game so hard all
right rich if you if you want to just
monitor chat I can I can play with other
people oh no problem what you want to
figure out a audio solution do we have
one
do we have an audio solution no no we
don't that's just gonna be impossible
tonight I think it's gonna be impossible
tonight all right but that's okay like
you said what what we'll do and you know
for anyone who's gonna join is you kinda
have to be in charge you'll have to call
out where we go rocket League might
let's do one more planning on doing
multiple games so we'll do it let's do
one more this one I'm gonna leave the
group real quick
leave team okay who wants to join one
more one more pub G and rich if you
don't feel like joining that's fine you
don't have to okay I'll just read to
just read yeah we got Bert Zilla I don't
know who that is but we got them our
Miller you want to give it another try
cuz you couldn't join us our Miller's
down who else we got who else we got we
got no one anonymous says someone send
me a message
look crocodile brain yeah like lion
brain
don't play the games uninstall them you
boring twats don't don't about stuff you
don't like do you know lessons of life
talk about stuff you do like twats
should become the classics range yeah
oh and Tiberius my headset does have a
microphone but I don't have the
microphone there's a microphone slatton
but I don't have the microphone on it
alright we need one more Ocelot terraeum
says never watched your livestream
before because at the time difference
but I just have to be here tonight
who cares if tomorrow I keep falling
asleep at my boring job anyway thanks
for all the fun times cheers from the
land of pierogi and CD Projekt RED thank
you live from Poland that means so many
new invites the ghost of Nick says some
people think the future means the end of
history
well we haven't run out of history quite
yet captain james t kirk all the best
for anyone who I'm friends with on Steam
I don't see you online so just ask me to
join your team and then you should join
the whole team for 10 dear or says oh
you asked me unfortunately going to miss
the rest of the stream so I just want to
say thanks for everything
hope to see more video game related
content in the future from you guys
Thank You future future Jace's on one
hand everything ending is for the best
because I shouldn't feel so attached to
two strangers that I have to pay to read
my messages
on the other hand I'm going to fucking
miss these streams thank you for
everything
take care and be well David thank you
recon cannon says hey guys this dream
has been the highlight of my week for
the last three years once I discovered
the channel I went back and watched
every video you've helped me get through
some really tough times
thanks all the best you you magnificent
bastards thank you thank you very much
and to you bastard
I just invited a bunch of or I just
accepted a bunch of friend requests like
I see encephalopathic
and affiliate says I'm up for one van
drift I just don't see you online and so
if if you see me I mine invite me
commissar Doge says so just come on do
it it's really disheartening that rich
has been disillusioned with comic books
and had given up on them for years any
chance he can give Hickman's run I'm
fantastic for a chance it's a return to
form for the first family of Marvel and
is writing and sci-fi solid all around
who throat knows that the future brings
the comic books that's that's an
expensive hobby oh god yeah it is yeah
invite please I I can't I don't see you
in my fingy all people need to invite me
hello my try restarting my my lobby here
they said that might work
Oh key b85 says hey wreckers hey mochi
b85 what up this may be my last donation
I'll be sad to see you go if anybody
asked just say prereq is being put on
hold indefinitely because it's one of
those words that no one really knows if
it means it's canceled or hiatus or
whatever okay exactly
Salinger 42 says you will be missed
one question before you go okay why is a
human with spider powers a superhero but
a turtle with human powers isn't whoa
look look super powered relative to a
turtle yeah that doesn't mean much to me
also it's not a human with spider powers
it's a human with spider themed powers
they work the same way if you had just
spider powers you would have a bunch of
arms and you would shoot you would like
make thin webbing out of your butt right
like he has spider themed powers the
proportional strength of a spider this
doesn't mean anything
that doesn't mean anything
that's okay hold on let me try this let
me try this y'all Oh who joined I wanted
great let's go great
let's rock and roll that's good enough
for me no one else is here so let's go
boom boom alright so I guess I'm just
gonna huh yeah usually sorry about that
oh wait nobody's gonna be able to hear
you though they'll hear me through the
stream they can't hear me anyway they
can't hear you through the stream why
not we weren't getting your sound
earlier remember which if we're just
getting a sound from my computer
oh shit that's all right sorry can I can
I say spectate is that a possible is
that a possible ah I don't know it's a
good question go to friends and who
visible are you playing with I should be
here who are you playing with you're not
though for whatever reason you're not
I'm playing with our Miller I'm playing
with our Miller ha watt and bird Zilla
all right can i spectate where to go
well you can hear that grating
no oh well oh well switch up games after
this yes yes we will
alright remember you guys have to you
guys have to take the lead
great
I'm ready I'm ready now I say that's it
red lights coming in through messages
rock and roll spectator option oh shit I
pressed the wrong button I pressed my
parachute button
don't worry I'll catch up gosh dang it I
have a look around button yeah
and I pressed my parachute button I'll
meet up with you need a chance can you
check your Steam and see if you got on
request from me to spectate when you get
a chance I'm here no I'll just keep
reading tips I just keep reading tip
yeah yeah you know it'll be fine I'm
coming guys I'm coming but I
accidentally I accidentally opened my
parachute too early Cal run says here's
a tip for the final app my wife and I
will miss these streams we have come to
enjoy them while making dinner together
she will sorely miss riches laughs I'll
always remember that don't shit your
pants and co-op streams priceless
much-loved thank you
girl sandwich says well boys my 14
months in a row would have been Sunday
so here's my $2 send-off thanks for
everything we're still internet friends
in my heart Jack don't forget eggs AIDS
whopper button tums festival lol fuck my
cock thank you
fat produ says love both your work
have you seen Neil Breen's new trailer
for twisted I posted a couple of days
ago and I I have seen it I'm you might
you might you might hear about that
later I'm not sure you might do
something with that anything is possible
anything is possible
anything is possible except for the
things that are
Chucky's bologna says i tip dozens of
times over the past few years
anonymously asking rich if he like
lightsabers I just wanted to thank you
because as Jack puts it it's very fun to
poke the bear I love both you guys for
literally hundreds of hours of
entertainment thank you
actually game go on Jack
so far so good we're all alive oh no
burntzilla Brazil a shot who's shooting
at Burt Silla
the people with guns and there's someone
here
I'm down there's someone behind the wall
almost Sun Zoo says hey guys wish I
could listen in but I'm at work I have a
ton of tips for you tonight that I've
been procrastinating and sending you and
now have to all the one stop it help it
cue Cinderella help it don't know what
you got til it's gone
seriously though gonna miss y'all thank
you not gonna says hi guys I've been
watching a while but couldn't make it
live so here are some money I owe you I
know it isn't official but can I get a
Jed for the last couple of years thank
you for watching and your subscriber
thanking voice it'd be awesome Jed
thank you for watching we really
appreciate it
army Blood says thanks for all the
streams I've been watching since summer
2016 and rlm since Phantom Menace review
just telling myself this is a move to
bring back Gamestation 2.0 rich and Jack
please do another review soon I love
Devin demolition man and love your
review please thanks I gotta find a good
movie for reviews but a while since I've
been on one I think renegade Keira says
there's a fun ride while it lasted we'll
never forget crocodile brain no lion
brain dunking on Sonic and your glee at
playing doom and blood back keep on
playing fun games hope chat will be
civil at least for one night
as if that it's over what game what game
we're doing or do you are you determined
to do one more of these are you bound
and determined no this isn't gonna end
well and especially because they can't
hear no let's do some rocket League
rocket League oh yeah yeah I think you
know what you should be you for a while
I can try to get caught well that's
do some rocket League and then I'll join
him later
they're here put up your ears you're my
what I'll play on the man then
Oh on on the main computer I'll play on
that way people can actually hear the
rocket League and all right everybody
rocket League it up let's rocket League
it up what oh yeah you did it and you'll
probably want a controller unless you
play this keyboard mouse which might no
no I definitely I would definitely like
to control it's pretty solidly it's one
of those controller games
I know I've hated controllers in the
past but yeah only in regards to
shooters great yeah really that's it you
know there's a ton of games that work
significant or strategy games like an
RTS use the right tool for the right job
absolutely rock god damn it rich what I
didn't stop oh
it's probably in son sold online install
it how long did it possibly take leave
yeah see ya might happen relatively
quickly we are streaming yeah we'll see
I'll see what's a let's wait and because
you guys probably wanna hear it and for
some reason we can't get
sound coming out of my computer unless
you know what let's just try it let's
just try why don't you bring up why
don't you bring up the elgato one let's
see if we can get sound working sound
should be working from thee okay let's
see if we can
to do that
John Vaughn Tony says from those here at
Burger Brothers animation thank you for
all the laughs you're all them alright
and we typically love the Batman shows
we do now how do you how do you people
at Warner Brothers animation assuming
you have anything to do with Teen Titans
go feel about the new teams in action I
can only imagine that the the team like
working on Teen Titans go watch the
trailer for Titans and just couldn't
function for the day right just
absolutely
can you guys hear rocket League by the
way yes Chad farewell Chad
fare-thee-well heliosphere 1969's is
going to miss you guys
thanks for everything maybe a podcast in
the future we don't know yet man let us
let us catch your breath and recharge
your batteries for crying out loud
unclip Dan
oh that's Uncle Dan 85 says I subscribed
at the very beginning and then stopped
always meaning to resub again thinking
there was probably plenty of time are
plenty of some other time to do it and
now it's over
still here are 10 Swiss francs to say
thanks and sorry and I look forward to
the future you don't you don't have to
apologize okay so by the way if you want
to join my my rocket league match then
the name is pre pre P re P re and the
password is wreck wreck our EC re see
pre pre wreck wreck oh it's a donation
not a fee so you know to feel bad
commissar Doge says and Republic
Commando actually subverts the boring
clone trope by giving your squaddies
personality and the game while not being
incredibly excellent by any stretch of
the word is well made tactical FPS
that's at least decent rich should give
it a chance ok ok I'll keep it I'll keep
it in mind
I'll keep it in mind
MC Lucas says I'll be tipping later too
but I have a burning question first
was there a plateau in viewership
computing contributing to your decision
it's never come up but I realized that I
never had promoted the stream despite it
being a big part of my last four years
no no no I mean the you know there there
was there was a plateauing but that
doesn't necessarily have anything to do
with it we have we have a we have a good
group of you guys if they have an nice
loyal group oh my god there's too many
people and we have we have insanely
loyal yeah the fans just insanely
insanely loyal which is which is
fantastic but no then the numbers have
very little to do with it the numbers
don't wait why do you have four and I
only oh no there is oh fuck
oh great check I feel one I thought this
was only a three versus three match and
it's for visas visas for but you know I
think if if we had if if the numbers
were growing at an insane really harder
to quit I think well yeah I think we
would have very a very different outlook
about things but no that's I think the
quality would still go down absolutely
and you don't want that I say thank you
I'm getting better at that like
predictive I could put tyre to bring it
up the same stuff all the time yeah
Mass Effect never goes oh no Mass Effect
again Star Wars ever no no no words
again oh right right we've we've hit
that point we're just like people know
what rich how rich feels about things
how I will react
come on come on good good good get it
over that orange side it's weird not
hearing any of this but uh it's not the
chats fault we're quitting I mean no no
we we've just run out of things to talk
about it's been 40
well more has been it's been you know
it's been the close to five years of us
just gibbering and you know we just we
can't say how much we appreciate all of
you guys who have been here with us all
this time but you know we it's it's
getting to be the same story over and
over and over again and again we're not
necessarily we're not necessarily going
anywhere we're just taking a little
break we'll figure out something yeah
you'll you'll definitely see us in
invest of the worst exactly exactly and
then eventually we'll probably look for
something else to do so it's what
happened last time so I can only assume
it'll happen again this time which tell
us the truth you pirated Star Trek
discovery for your reviews I had a legit
CBS all access subscription I don't have
it anymore I'm gonna do a review on it
be highly unethical to pirate that shit
yes it would be a review that you're
monetizing right nope
oh that was my whip that was that was
absolutely my fault absolutely my fault
I'm very sorry everyone
I wonder if I wonder if it's the sound
settings I'm just curious as to oh shit
oh shit I'm curious as to why sound
isn't going through my HDMI like it
should be yep fart noise there's time
for that come back jack
oh yeah we have three minutes this is
all this is all the in rocket league
this is all the time in the world
there's three whole minutes the problem
is I don't think it's gonna happen
because you know orange is orange seems
to be pretty on top of things and so
even if we can get our shit together we
still have to get through their defense
that's perfect set I know I'll take the
assist I'll take the assist that was a
nice set though all four of us all four
of us yeah vomiting over the comeback is
real oh yeah for all you fuckers out
there who quit after after one damn
score a point gets scored on the other
team the comeback is a very real thing
and you know especially with two minutes
to spare oh shit oh shit oh shit
Oh blah Garrett you got a post yeah
that's right oh it's fine it's fine it's
fine yeah
that you know that is that get tonight
shut that was a nice shot nice shot
yes are playing rocket League again it's
the face that fuck it's a fucking
fantastic one control around no this is
Micah oh you brought one I'm all good
Alan Bradley says going to miss having
prominent Milwaukee Midwest streamers
any possibility of a Laverne and Shirley
reboot starring you guys like a gender
reversal of earnest Shirley absolutely
that's that's the secret project Larry
and Larry's not a good Laverne is on
male lover what's a male Laverne you
almost want to say like Al Albert Albert
Albert and Shane yeah they're good Lavar
I'm talking levar and Sherman levar
Sherman first of all I love it you got
it
that's coming through chance it and home
runs but when don't they set up set up
set up here open up too much sorry too
much almost son Zeus's I don't watch any
other twitch streams so you guys can
keep collecting my freebies owes money
indefinitely fees those bucks or at
least as long as I remember to log in
hopefully twitch doesn't shut the
channel down hope say something about
doom 40:32 when it comes out I can only
assume after a long enough time of us
not doing anything you probably look for
someone else to give your money to a
defunct stream right but I appreciate
the sentiment thing it's plenty of
stream money and plenty of streamers out
there eight set of them
at least a couple of them got to be good
you kind of got I thought they were
gonna take a shot so I just wanted to be
there to block in case they are in case
there's a nice shot nice shot decimation
the comeback is not happening but still
said pub G in the oh we might I'll fix
that
we absolutely might oh you know what
yeah yeah go no more no more no no all
right that should be fixed great yeah
the plan tonight you know is to hit some
old co-op classics yep
get everyone involved man did everyone
involved GG everyone hold on can you
shut me down I want to check my settings
again I mean a second give me a second
all right red eric says hey guys I'm
watching you for a couple of years and
wanted to give a little thanks
especially love both your injustice one
in two streams I wish you good fortune
in the worse to come
thank you wait Diddy 23 says longtime
viewer medium time subscriber first-time
tipper thanks for everything
you're welcome all right how about how
about now can you hear thee can you hear
it now and then I right-click on Game
Capture HD s and just make sure it's not
muted oh oh oh we turn that off because
of a potential static thought all right
I don't I don't know that it's getting
any sound though now they should hear it
now you should hear it maybe I don't
know
well here am i we downloaded on the
other sure no no we're not I did I did
oh well i unpassed it 9 yet nope I
listen we're ending streaming just like
you started it with a shitload of
technical problems also still super
laggy well well there is something we
can do about that action restart what
we'll do is as soon as as soon as this
rocket league is is ready we got 14 more
and so play one more game on mine yeah
then we'll shut down the stream unplug
my computer just play off of the okay
you tur here and then everything should
go back to normal
okay one more game of rocket League
though rights
we're gonna go to private match see look
I said the team size is three versus
three though why you know why'd it go no
BOTS team setting no mutator setting
they take off even the option for five
versus five didn't they used to have
that I can only go as high as four right
floor but I haven't said it no more than
three versus three it's just chaos oh
well even four versus four is fucking
what how can they get in the name if you
go to you know private match you there's
an option for join private match the
name is pre pre P re P re the password
is wreck wreck re C re C and if you
played last game don't play this game go
any capitals no capital okay candy for
crows says I came for the laughs and
jokes but you guys actually got me to
play many games I never thought I would
I hope you have a good break and come up
with something even more exciting I'd be
nice thank you that would be nice
wouldn't it madam says longtime listener
and first and I guess last time tipper
here you were the only game review
channel on YouTube I even remotely
enjoyed the world of YouTube doesn't
deserve you guys thanks for all the
great content you're welcome
grace wing dear says hey Jack and rich
hi thank you for all the memories and
great streams I'll always remember my
favorite one
please quest to with sunny bonds Keith
and pixel tits good luck in your next
endeavors and greetings from France
thank you
City battens it's a pixel tits that was
great Broadwater since I remember before
tipping when people would subscribe with
user names that would give you hints or
simply to make a joke
god dammit those were good times they
were all good times I've watched every
stream you and rlm are the only reason I
internet Thank You captain jerk says
congratulations on getting away with it
for four years you hack frauds best of
luck on your next scam your secret is
safe with me seriously thanks for the
good times thank you okay so it's now
prereq prereq p re re sorry CP re re see
because apparently the old room was
still open okay so i couldn't create a
new room PR e re c p re re c that's the
new name and password
and once again we are 4v4 great almost
some zoo says great they don't say that
they say great oh my god
too many people it's fine what are
there's many people that is possible you
know what it's great
just shove shove yourselves all in there
it's fine yeah almost son Zoo says I
love riches tip reading voice it has a
singsong quality that's comforting and
unique among his voices and I always
read my tips in his voice in my head to
see how they sound before I send them
hopefully Jack didn't just read this
awesome spot oh man I lost again sack of
the axis says same donation amount as my
first donation finally got around to
watching all the movies you've suggested
to me rich Dead Alive was hilarious and
I can't wait to show it to people be
sure to tell Janie that Nightbreed was
also fantastic thanks you're welcome
oh the tip amount that was the same as
the first tip yeah 4:20 yeah classic
it's like a pop I get it
it's like a pot a pot humor is just
acknowledging pot yes and I can firmly
say that when you are a pot head it's
always hilarious when you are high just
acknowledging that pot exists is the
funniest thing I can't properly explain
why
Oh denied get oh we got someone in there
nice save nice save shit shit
Jones Ramone says hey guys sure have
enjoyed listening to YouTube chat for
the past couple years throwing a few
tips into the pot tonight to make up for
being a mooch who's typically watched on
YouTube
rather than catching the live streams oh
it's fine well any any way any way that
you want we just we appreciate it
we didn't want people to watch on
YouTube mr. Plunkett says hey guys first
time to / here right been watching rlm
since high school and prereq three years
ago as i started college venture
overlaps and helping me get through
countless nights of engineering projects
best of luck and any future endeavors
thank you oh god oh god it's wide open
someone's got to stay back whoever is
closest to the to the goal your goalie
for that round that's that's the
unspoken rule yeah you're okay just
someone staying like midfield yeah
that's usually what I do if I see
everyone rushing forward I stay kind of
midfield and then there's an opportunity
yeah you're close enough to charge you
into not the ball in sure he's got he's
got a trusted teammate trust your
teammates
let's make me wanna play rocket League
guy it's the greatest game I'm back here
I'm gonna go it's fine it's fine it's
fine it's fine and oh we were all there
I'm swimming I lost all my little
ranking leveling I think I was like
golden doubles oh yeah yeah nice yeah
you probably lost it all because the new
season started yeah go almost home on
ice it's still in their territory that's
Cena that's the the victory I'll take
here is it still in blue territory and
no it's not quite all is close though
still in blue still in blue we got it we
got it we got here we go yeah gobble
gobble gobble
everything's fine gobbling of a boost I
need boost they take all my boosts this
is the real problem with 4v4 is just
there's never any boost ok ok we have to
score at least one soul tornado says you
guys are like brothers to me I will
fucking miss you I hope your future
endeavors are fruitful thanks for all
your time it's all we have to share with
each other and I appreciate yours be
well thank you thank you you know it's
again and you know I know it doesn't
oh fuck we lost alright that means we
have to take a break
I know it doesn't say right what then
which other way that's a no those were
the winners rich that's where the
winners as I guess it makes sense they
put the winners up on a pedestal we
gonna all right are we gonna go away and
come back then we're gonna go away and
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna come
back one more time yeah but we're gonna
try and fix some issues yeah
