Apr 18, 2018
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254144683
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254325681
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254327107
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eMYkyQk_3g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5YINZCsHR0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0nud5pFdTc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/986695526216237061

[Part I]
the numbers are read okay but I don't
know I don't know if we're actually
streaming waiting usually they say
something in chat waiting till I see
thing in chat they usually say
exclamation point live live we're live
okay hey everybody hey everybody all
right so so you showed up I showed up
and and you you started off real life
with basically clickbait well yeah I
said all right you Jack showed up we got
set up and I said okay stick decide
you're gonna pick up got a war today
yeah I said you are not gonna believe
what happened I'm like what yeah that's
right did I click on the wrong thing in
facebook why I gave you a cliffhanger
rich what did you're not gonna believe
what happened because I want to pick up
god of war dude I went to pick up young
you would believe why don't you think
that happened I talked to you on Sunday
we're gonna do God of War for the next
don't read the chat don't read the chat
because they might spoil it they might
really oh okay okay we're gonna do gotta
for for the next review and so I we
talked on Sunday and I said oh you know
I need to grab my lights for something I
pick up god of war and you know oh yeah
I'll make sure I get you a copy at least
by by Wednesday I need to click on the
next page
oh no way they only say one sentence at
a time that I got to click to go on that
was just a picture of me you have to
actually click on the third page that's
fine because I had like when when did
you start seeing reviews for god of war
I have been reading any reviews no like
just seeing them around like for me I
sound like last week okay right like if
reviews are absolutely like go ruins all
the reviews right so I guess I had just
assumed that it's out already
yeah it's not out yet oh okay this is I
was honestly taken aback I have seen so
many reviews for this last week that I
thought we were gonna be coming in
pretty late on the whole God of War
situation it doesn't come out until
Friday so like true clickbait yeah I am
underwhelmed
show the picture of the thing it's
well-known to me though this was a big
deal because I I guess I'm all I'm
usually under the assumption of once I
start once my newsfeed starts getting
inundated with with you know reviews of
something whether it be a movie or game
that usually means that that's like the
day before it comes out yeah and this
was happening last week I was getting
nothing bombarded with nothing but news
about reviews for God of War and so in
my head
God of War is out already okay yeah I'll
get a copy for rich no problem but it
doesn't come out until fucking Friday
and and then you're just like why is
everyone reviewing this game so early
and why is why is you've gotta save the
people and you're the hero you're the
hero of the land nice
yeah we started a little bit early we're
here you know I you know what I do miss
what the Twilight Princess sir sword
twirl King I miss that sure they
obviously couldn't animate that for any
weapon you have
we had some updates now you're wondering
if phantom is still alive yet my my my
horse phantom is still alive yes and and
doing rather well we did some really
good treasure hunting on Monday and I
got a lot of pieces of gear feel pretty
excited about that I'd show off the DLC
but I'm not I'm not there yet
oh no and like I was telling you oh
where does he come from
wait where where are you can I can I
have your mate can I see a world map
just just north of the castle okay I
tried to catch him I need a I need a
scale from him and I tried to catch him
the other day like way north of there is
somewhere by the little Valley by Death
Mountain between Death Mountain in the
castle hmm laughs but you got some I got
some bolts there I got some I got some
gourmet meats what I got
Hey oh that's best way to make money now
i a pride that prime mean oh sorry
wolves have prime me you want the
gourmet me gory you don't rust prime is
fine you cook you cook five of those
yeah you're you're to 10 to 80 you make
a fortune off that shit hmm
I'm still yeah but that I'm bit hazy on
what this area what's what's around here
right you don't quite remember you're a
soldier
okay hmm in this particular area yes for
the most of it I remembered it too well
I didn't have the the Jack experience
today there were some things that I
remembered that kind of ruined a bit of
the exploration where I'm like oh wait I
remember if I fall down the mountain
here and shoot a bomb arrow there I know
there's a I know there's a shrine right
right here and I know exactly how to get
to it but for the most part it's a lot
of wandering around rich will never
bring that cable back to the studio like
I I would have I thought Jack was gonna
I thought Jack was gonna do the DLC for
this today but I guess you did a little
bit of that on I I did a Monday you're
about to get hit by lightning I see it
all right I take it thank for pointing
it out though I did do a little bit of
the DLC on Monday and discovered that I
think the DLC is is gonna be too
difficult to stream that seems like a
real slow down and pay attention to what
you're doing
that's what they want that's what they
want and what the one fucking up well
too bad you said something about a
quarter heart you get you get one
quarter of a heart and a weapon that
that kills all enemies in one hits but
needs time to recharge after you kill
like two enemies how much time to
recharge a D enough time to make it a
pain in the ass you can switch weapons
no you cannot switch weapons yeah
and so it's it's a it's a deal and it
looks like fun it looks like it's gonna
be a good time but it's DLC that that
means a lot of slow planning sneaking
I thought the DLC was a new dungeon
there could be more dungeons yeah you
can bomb scum yeah yeah I'm sure I'm
intrigued I think one he kills a bit
severe I don't think that it's good I
don't think that's gonna be fun
dying in one hit
I just don't I'm actually not looking
forward about if that's the case whoa
that's me looking at the chat and I'm
paying attention that's only oh they're
saying that's only the beginning part of
the DLC after that part it's a solid
expansion so perhaps once you get done
with was it all one-hit-kill nonsense
perhaps once you get done with the
one-hit-kill nonsense there's other
aspects to the DLC I haven't gotten that
far yet because I've been doing other
shit treasure hunting you don't have
access to any of your your health
potions or whatnot nope Jesus Christ
yeah yeah it's tough maybe shut down a
super-powered stealth push potion before
that section starts and then just I
think it gets taken away do you have to
kill everything yes you have to kill
everything that's that's the whole point
of the mission oh if you if you use a
food item before and some kind of
encounter start just still have the
effect I don't know if that's true it is
true but no I don't know for that that's
true in this case because in order to
start it you need to you need to grab
the sword and like this whole thing
happened you just hold like you know
start there saying you get D buffed mmm
good so the chat is saying you get the
debuff
the Sun say I'm gonna be honest this
sounds kind of horrible it's it sounds
like it's something that's going to take
a decent amount of patience and silence
and concentration which is why I don't
think it'll make for good streaming hmm
which is why I decided well there's the
other one the trial of the sword yeah
that would probably be better that could
be a good stream yeah I tried a little
bit of that that you get to keep your
hearts you get to keep your potions I
think don't think whatever is in effect
I know you get to keep oh I read about
this sure that that one you get to keep
your hearts you just start over with
equipment yeah I started nothing like
the island or they they strip you of all
of your things
I play smart mm-hmm I did this fucking
shrine John do this one now damn right
here yep I'm like right fucking hand in
your bright they're rich let's talk to
Berto you can use the Ganon costume that
helps you sneak I do have the full Ganon
costume which is great so you get to
keep whatever costume you're wearing in
the yes you can you can change costume
you can change costume whenever you want
you just can't change weapon
something looks off to you what
what's with the cordilla music that's
Cass Cass likes to sing songs and give
you clues about hidden shrines he's
great he also sings The Ballad of the
champions good world building stuff good
backstory stuff
it's a fucking bird that plays the
accordion you know
telega no I have not seen an isle of
dogs I actually don't care to see isle
of dogs I really what about my 80s hair
metal band link I think that's a demand
rich atom an alright that looks very
adamant it is not hair metal eighties
new wave
I think I think it's hair metal I'm
Kylie's hair metal you got the hair you
got unnecessary straps I think there's a
there's a little bit of a Venn diagram
between hair metal and new way tight
black pants yeah that's this is all new
wave was a new way of like Devo who had
like buckets on their head well that was
deep Devo is is more than new wave there
they're also like a performance band
their art performance hero of glam no I
really like Wes Anderson's films to get
back to I love dogs I really like Wes
Anderson movies I did not like the
fantastic mr. Fox
which was his last which was his last
stop-motion animated one I actually
didn't even finish it I couldn't get
past the first 10 15 minutes of it I
hated it so much so I had no interest in
seeing his newest stop-motion animated
one the front it looks like David Bowie
from labyrinth that's let's go I am
that's yeah I'm caught I'm sticking that
in a clammy new wave what'd you just do
alright just call from a horse or just
get too far away oh sure
I also have not seen a Wes Anderson
movie since the Royal Tenenbaums I
thought that was a really like bottle
rocket what was was interesting proto
Wes Anderson it was Wes Anderson before
he figured out his style and then
Rushmore was him you know we're finding
his voice and the Royal Tenenbaums I
think is great I think the Royal
Tenenbaums is just a fantastic film and
then I decided I didn't need to see any
more of his movies for some reason hey
whatever man
whoever floats your boat well what I'm
saying is that I have no malice towards
Wes Anderson I think he's a fantastic
filmmaker but for some reason I have
just not seen any more of his movies
I'll first try what the fuck first
fucking try you just nailed that that
was great rich fucking great oh yeah you
know there's a treasure down there it's
gotta be so for yeah there is oh no I
know for all the people in Chad who are
saying I think you might like this was
anderson film I most likely will I like
his movies a lot I just have got to
remove a great thunderboy oh I got so
many Thunder blades it's my problem what
else that's the only great one I've got
I'll tell you what I prefer I prefer the
minor elemental weapon I want one-handed
weapons cuz I still want my shield to be
out when I got my weapons I don't like
the elementals I know no no I could see
I don't have them out for long sure they
serve the use then they go back on the
inventory yeah
actually the rods are probably better
than all of the individual weapons
oh just four elements oh yeah sure sure
you just do the thing you need to do
then switch to a weapon yeah I could I
could see that I could see that
all right what do we got here we got
brown Adam Sandler who says hey I picked
up xels again because of you guys really
enjoying it now and get him again I
picked it up again that's what this like
you've had in a first time yeah now and
in my first playthrough I've abused two
snow bowling to earn money do you guys
do that and do you think it's cheap
what's I don't even know it's a minigame
we get a decent amount of money it's not
cheating it is cheap I I make a fair
amount of money just hunting yeah just
flat-out hunting animals they give you
prime meat or gourmet me yeah and then
you cook those you just you just take
five prime meats or gourmet meats you
cook them all together making like a big
fat meat dish then you could sell for
hundreds of dollars yeah yeah also if
you find the the Gerudo lady in the
Goron village she will buy your gems for
significantly more than the shops well
really there's a Gerudo lady hanging out
in the Goron village and she like go up
to her and she'll be like hey if you
have ten amber CI i hate selling gems
because you need that shit to upgrade
crap yeah sometimes well they're hard
relatively hard to find and when you do
want to upgrade the whatever and you
need the you need 15 fucking sapphires
pay and they ask you 15 sapphires sure
sure I I like my meat selling strats I
get you know rich will sell his hot meat
which riches add needs wait till the
video comes out rich is hot hot fresh
meat I'm selling it here's my hot fresh
meat stormy rich that's again one of the
wonderful things about Zelda is there
are multiple ways to achieve the same
objective you can do the minigames you
can sell this you can sell that however
you're feeling so you go away before I
can talk to him Cass yeah well yeah you
did the thing I know want the after
think dialogue where he says you were
amazing figuring that thing out
we just want someone to tell me tell me
how awesome I am great all the time and
then I'm gonna then I'm gonna give him
some of my hot fresh meat need some meat
I got some I got some us I put a little
go around spice on that got a little
make it make it roll baby
I heard of a hacker who interrupted a
doctor who broadcast in the 70s sure
that was the 70s I know that's really at
that point I don't know that it's really
hacking you're cutting them cutting in
on a broadcast signal or something why
I'm familiar with this one that happened
and I think was in Chicago way back when
I don't remember what he interrupted but
it was some guy dressed like Max
Headroom oh yeah yeah that's great yeah
what do you know was Showtime or HBO he
interrupted he just like found the
signal frequency waiting cut himself
into the broadcast that's great I was
just at work TV in a rubber WGN that was
it cuz that was a big channel yeah that
guy no he was never caught he was
wearing him
Max Headroom max masks and I think at
some point he like moved the camera and
some woman came in and just started
spanking his ass just some asshole
fucking around
oh yeah I mean basically if you're gonna
hijack Oh phantom fuck phantom phantom
is my horse rich Rich's horses hella
fast
ya know look at this thing though only
three Spurs but quick tip if you feed
your horse and in indirect carrot you
get extra Spurs as you see with our Jays
right now I find where stamina isn't all
that important really mm-hmm
grants came with things you don't need
that much oh sure well if you have a
yours is just your base speed is pretty
damn fast alone yes
so yeah you don't need to hire as much
my plan is the head Zara's domain
I'll do that beast first you haven't
done any of these yet no okay
I've just been I've been gathering yeah
you got gathering supplies
you got all sorts of shit that's great
nice 24 you forgot to be a death blow
sometimes they get really specific on
what part a head counts as a critical
head I I got a feeling that that bow
just sucks yeah that could also be that
could also be yeah rich he's got a lot
of meat it's got he's got a lot of hot
slippery meat and if he's hurting just
right he's gonna slide that slippery
meat right down his throat a tough nut
cake can you wait we're going to go and
look at that tough nut cake for a second
and have you the recipe on that no I'm
just curious
doesn't say I can click on it and then
got a recipe oh I know you can do that I
did not even know you could do that so
not worth it
what oh no no it doesn't do anything
good the I was playing this the other
day and my kids were watching and I was
I was a at that I was in that area where
there was like a million bananas and and
they were they were wondering if I could
make banana bread you might maybe you
can well that's what I was wondering so
I tried like wheats sugar eggs and
bananas and that's didn't work and then
I tried a few different things but they
had a butter in there cute
it's a wheat sugar butter and bananas I
wonder if that would make banana bread
who knows it was a big thing for them
because I
they were eating banana bread at the
time do you have them no you probably
butter yet I bought one for a quest I
probably ended up using it oh yeah I
don't think you get you know the what
shop I think the the bird shop sells
butter but can you make butter no well
not that I know I don't think you can
cuz that's one of the first things I try
to do is I had a bunch of milk and I was
like oh I bet if I put this I you know
what I did I put milk and salt in the
pot together yeah you make butter cuz I
was like obviously milk consult make
butter cuz that's what it does in real
life that's how you make butter in real
life but no it just makes hot milk well
it seems like in general the things you
cook can't be used as parts of other
recipes right you want them to be
doesn't look like banana breads a thing
yeah that's fine it's pretty simple the
cooking of this don't don't mix things
that do different effects and you want
to stack the things that do the same
effect right when you cook can't make
butter this game is dead to me yeah you
can't make butter either by part it's
pretty simplistic and really I do so
little cooking just because like you
said you get the durians or you get the
the radishes and then you don't need
anything else
mm-hmm you just never need anything else
didn't you live on a farm cream and salt
Jack egg cream milk it's kind of same
shit
come on savings you dare insult it's
awesome shit passing on the gas it was a
fat joke I get it
I know you're talking about nope you got
to do it right
no can't get it to it at all no no can i
I can't mm-hm he can you did arm switch
and Zelda immediately after Jax morning
stream did something amazing happen
during your morning stream I had the
greatest time I don't know if people
were disappointed because I I bailed on
the DLC so fast but I honestly had the
greatest time we're all I did was I
spent I mean I I streamed and you know
this is unusual for morning's room
usually my morning streams I'll only
show him for like two hours yeah but i
streamed for close to four hours and all
we did was fuck around and Hyrule Field
treasure hunting that's it yeah we just
looked for the DLC treasure and it was
the best fucking time I just found out
fits we searched for clues we went
riding around filling in our map oh it
was so much fun you wanted adventures I
did I went on a little adventure and it
was great we fucked something up did you
want did I fuck something up no you you
got the keys I don't know how to reef
lip this you gotta hit the arrow thing
again I don't see what the arrow thing
is it's up there oh it's blue now no
making me waste arrows how's that
rotating Jack this well you can go pick
it up the arrow if you oh yeah it's
right there it's also making the waist
bowed durability oh let's see that's
more I'm not happy about any of these
things okay yeah Jack does uh solo
screams it's sometimes I will do a
morning solo stream just because I am in
general a morning person and I and so I
will do that every every once in a while
do a little morning stream and because I
know we have some European viewers who
would appreciate that
but uh what was it saying so so yeah we
it was we went on a legitimate adventure
I did get to show off my absolutely
superior laser reflect ability we killed
so many Guardians my sweet-ass laser
reflex was on point I have to practice
that for the the trial of the sword oh
yeah yeah hey you rich is a morning
person to 12 a.m. to 4 a.m. that's true
as rich is an extreme morning person
yes first thing first dude over there
dude dudes over there dude dude I get to
the dude trying to remember remember
puzzle
I'm gonna get enough height from the the
flippety-flip nope oh I remember this
there you go nice one
thank you did I really miss the snow
bitching oh jesus fucking christ it's
the reason we didn't stream last stream
day and and even though it is currently
snowing and it is a goddamn blizzard
outside it's not as much snow as we got
on Sunday and the snow we got on Sunday
it was it was um it was slop they didn't
plow my apartment complex I couldn't get
out I I could not get my car out of my
apartment complex I spent half of the
day just getting my neighbor's in and
out of the alley that we that we live on
it was so terrible
remember when he did your spring
cleaning stream ah seems quaint no it
was terrible on Sunday is it like it's
snowing now but this is like normal snow
I'm gonna be okay with this snow
compared to compared to Sunday snow at
least it's the fucking worst it is
it's not the oh no I know it's not done
it's gonna snow all night today though
may may be the last no but nature
doesn't give a fuck what about what we
predict or what we think nature hates
you you know in fact nature hates you
I'm gonna say nature is is unconcerned
with me at the moment
nature does what it does Oh hack spot
are you having problems again jackpots
having problems it doesn't know we're
live yet Halcyon sunset says thanks for
the many of fraudulent memories hacks I
wanted to ask if you could bring one
person back from the dead no matter how
long ago excluding family or friends who
would you pick and why so some famous
historical figure Jesus can you imagine
the shitstorm that would happen mmm walk
on water now BH this confused desert man
walking around unable to perform any
miracles
countless theological debates Wars firt
no for the the shit would hit the fan
right away when everyone saw that he was
brown
Jesus has generally depicted as a
Caucasian man even even though we know
people from that area are clearly brown
so that would be the shit number one is
he would come out brown and they go and
everyone go that's not Jesus
it'd be great tugs caller yeah you know
what you know what might be nice you
know who might be nice to bring back one
of the founding fathers one of the
founding fathers just to go hey guys
what hey hey dude let's how about we get
some clarification on some of these
rules oh you know what do you ever say
yeah why are all these black people
walking around without chains might not
be the thing you'd want to do damn it
you're probably right
damn it I bring back Freddie Mercury oh
that's not a bad idea yeah okay we can
bring these people back in the prime of
their health oh yeah I assume well there
are far better AIDS treatments that's
well but even so like you know he'd need
it wasn't young when he died but I
assume if we're Britt if we're already
like breaking wasn't that old when he
died 40s right okay we can't recap for
music in his forties fuck Tobin tell
that to Mick Jagger
somebody should somebody should he has
to stop that man has to stop
Oh
ruthless donut eater er has the correct
answer to bring someone back from the
dead yeah
yes I bring back Phil Hartman yeah
George Carlin sure yeah I mean George
Carlin had a nice long career so but you
know if I think I I think Phil had to
add a few more good years left in him TC
to annoyances just got into the stream
and the first thing I hear is rich
asking why are all these black people
walking around and not in Chains welcome
to the stream welcome to the stream yeah
maybe maybe we wouldn't actually want to
bring any of these people back maybe we
just need to like a window into the past
where we could just talk to them and
then as soon as they started there their
racist bullshit we could hang up but you
know I just want to ask you a couple
questions in our window and then we can
hang up
sly jack 22 says hey hunk frauds have
you guys ever played hollow night I'm
playing through it now and loving it
no we played it on stream I didn't play
oh that's true I played it on stream and
I did I wasn't too into it I was not too
into it
Scott wants gourmet meet a prime meat
for his quest he wants gourmet meats
it's gourmet well I don't have gourmet
okay maybe later dude yep there's my
horse well too fast too fast horse you
got to find that awesome horse armor
that makes your horse teleport to you
it's the greatest all things in time all
in good time it's the bestest I can just
check wait going
that's worst I mean that's oh oh that's
right I forgot I forgot that's what you
were doing a footbridge that's just
perfect for my needs
private GLIAC bridge you know classic
GLIAC am i planning anymore morning
streams I I kind of do them spur of the
moment did this go over really well the
morning stream I mean it's not the first
morning stream I've done I know people
like them I think it went over pretty
well I will try to do more of them I
think it goes over especially well with
our European fan base right because
that's an actual euro friendly stream
but and it's it's usually pretty chill
and relaxed I just get a coffee not a
lot of not a lot of yaker rating radish
is that a radish I think it's a radish
oh yeah get that radish I'm pretty I'm
pretty good on the heels oh yeah hardy
radish you did it
we can talk about so you know you know
what we can talk about rich as long as
as long as we're already starting off
with you and Jesus and the founding
father so we're already getting into
religious and politics
I know so we might as well just go full
hog because we talked about it last
stream and neither of us had seen it I
went and I watch that the problem with a
pool documentary yeah it's on it's on
truTV okay okay that is where you see it
it says it's actually pretty good
documentary it's it's really decent okay
it's really decent obviously it comes
from a slightly it comes from a
viewpoint the creator of the documentary
has a problem with the poo and he lays
out his his problem with the pool right
he's a man from Indian descent yeah I
got probably the poo here's why right
but the the documentary actually does a
really decent job of getting a ton of
different viewpoints like I starts with
his parents who actually are from India
and he's like hey you guys watch The
Simpsons do you like do you hate a poo
like I do in his parents like no I think
he's funny and then he has a good
segment with Whoopi Goldberg who is a
bit of a historian when it comes to
blackface right that kind of racism and
and Whoopi is like that's not a big deal
to me like I'm not gonna you know make a
movie about it or anything it doesn't
bother me that much
she's like obviously it's racist but you
know either dumb and it's fine and he
talked to Dana Gould who was a writer
for The Simpsons for a while and Dana
Gould actually I think sums up why a poo
is the way he is pretty succinctly
anyway what I'm saying is the
documentary just a really even-handed
job of telling a lot of different signs
but okay and I thought it was really
interesting I don't necessarily agree
with you know what what the documentary
is a documentary filmmakers saying just
obviously it doesn't affect me so I
have the same feelings but after seeing
the documentary what I can say is I then
saw The Simpsons
response to the documentary I don't know
if you saw that I didn't see it I just
heard about it you heard which was like
the Simpsons response was basically them
going and what are you gonna do yeah and
to me that response lacks any sort of
classic Simpsons ball heaven yeah
and they could have been a bit harsher
about it will fuck you oh right like
they could have done anything but
instead they're like foof nothing we can
do about it I guess where it's like
actually you guys you can't you can you
have the Simpsons you can do whatever
you want about it right but but I
thought was really good I think if
anyone's interested you should go see
you should you see a problem with the
poop because I think it's fairly
interesting anything interesting to say
Oh a word of warning you might get it
into your head to go check out Hyrule
Castle but I've never encountered a more
dangerous place yeah no that's pretty
general advice and it's like really dude
it's quest to find the golden goblet or
something I mean really just kind of a
letdown man it's it's like the the
entire castle is surrounded by like a
swirling demon pig and you're like oh
that's pretty dangerous like duh fucking
duh dude you know what link looks like
Deathstalker - oh you know if he had a
slightly bigger chin maybe he needs it
he needs that chin this is this is
Deathstalker link I'll accept it maybe
this is deaths dr3 hope that person just
disappeared
I think like I said like I said I see oh
there's there's a radish nice fuck yeah
radish get that radish link looks like
Kate McKinnon hmm that's fair the time
just not worth my time
you know I've this playthrough this run
of who is that some do cows have the
gourmet me not sometimes the oxen do but
only sometimes we've sometimes Prime two
primes two primes that's just money in
the bank
oh yes fill money in the bank this you
got he's dead he's dead I thought I
didn't hear that but gene I thought I
thought I'd missed the headshot okay so
this playthrough of the breath of the
wild for me I've been less combat
focused yeah because I've realized just
how pointless how pointless it is and so
actually like you you were talking to me
before about the master sword quest and
about how you know it kind of makes the
the Master Sword a little more durable
because you're doing more damage which
means whoa you have to hit enemies last
right yeah and I actually don't care
because I've been not getting into
fights cuz you really don't need to get
into fights it's just fun
that's true what do you have flying up
there form cup of Thor's I can't tell if
it's a good sword or not probably
probably not worth it
where's the damn tower I need to
activate this fucking tell him yeah
invisible string says the pool was great
at a time when it was assumed most
viewers would be American Simpsons went
global in here and there's nothing wrong
with taking into account the perspective
of indie Americans and folks from India
criticism is valid not a bad thing
that's true that's true well and and and
this is straight from the deck
documentary Dana Gould does a really
good job of what does it matter if the
Simpsons are global or not whether or
not they can make fun of up whoo well
what does it matter
well yeah I'm about to get to that okay
so you know Dana Dana Gould does a
really good job of kind of like
explaining the ethos of the Simpsons and
why a poo is like how he is right who is
a one-dimensional stereotype of an
Indian man all right just like Barney is
a one-dimensional stereotype of a drunk
just like Homer is a one-dimensional
stereotype of a deadbeat dad of a lazy
American right in fact everyone on that
show is a one-dimensional yes that's the
point of the show yes that's how they're
able to do their gags right which is by
the way a very valid point the the guy
who makes a documentary says you know
for him part of the problem was while
you know Barney is a one-dimensional
stereotype of a drunk you can look on TV
and see other white guys who are not
drunk and there was so little
representation of Indian Americans he
didn't like a poop which is of course
just his opinion which is a perfectly
fine thing this is again why the
documentary is very even-handed and nice
but a poo is a one-dimensional
stereotype and you know like what when
we were watching a black street boys we
cringed when their joke was we're doing
a funny Indian accent right
because that kind of humor is cringe
didn't really bother me though no no but
it was it was like it wasn't funny
sure and with the Simpsons that's all
the APOD joke was at first it was just a
funny voice apparently you know
obviously when we started watching The
Simpsons we were kids and so it didn't
really stick as something cringe-worthy
but now the Simpsons has been on for 20
million years and has the show evolved
any right what are you looking for
there's a nice table with a shrine by it
near that that guy who sells the shields
and I don't remember where that is I'm
just trying to find it yeah exactly the
man of reason exactly just like
groundskeeper Willie he's he is a
one-dimensional stereotype of a Scotsman
everyone on that show is a
one-dimensional stereos yes yes yes and
some of the best moments have come from
that
so here's I don't know a single person
who still watches The Simpsons Mario man
neither do I neither do i yet it's still
The Simpsons
yeah that's not so no you've been to
that stable somewhere over here okay I
don't remember
just follow the roads never get off a
road well no raise razorblade hat I
don't know if you're trying to be funny
razorblade hat says so I guess it's
racist every time I see the Indian owner
of my gas station because that's a
stereotype no it's it's racist because
it's a white guy doing an Indian accent
which is you know fairly akin to at
least according to the documentary I
just can't get too bent out of shape
over this I just know you don't have to
it's just what we're talking about rich
it's fine everything's fine a white guy
doing a horribly a horrible Indian
accent that is not in any way indicative
of actual Indian accents he's doing a
goofy Indian accent so I'm really not
moved by the plight of the goofy accent
man I'm just not moved by this I'm not
saying you have to be rich okay I think
it's on that way all right
that could be oh yeah there's well
there's a shrine over there it's over
that way okay
blame short-circuit mmm it's that's
probably work short circuits probably
worse he I think he actually put on
makeup hey the guy from short circuit I
do not get the feeling that either of
these performances are actually
mean-spirited and hateful no they're
goofy and I'm fine with it
sure sure I guess I'm not saying they're
mean-spirited either I don't think they
they set out to go I'm gonna show those
guys I'm gonna do a goofy voice I I just
think they didn't think anything of it
which in itself is a sorry
yeah encephalopathy no I think that's
it's the not thinking anything of it
that's the problem but again this is a
this is a unique situation in that most
of most of this is also just because the
Simpsons is a show that's still running
oh wait wait I get the feeling I've seen
that before I'm looking for this forest
right now but I believe and if it picks
the forest just south of here okay north
east of the bottomless swamp where's the
bottomless swamp where's the cool I'm
looking for that for us right now for
some reason I remembered that being on
the Grandpa on the grand plateau as I've
been I've been strolling around there
for ages there's one by the lake in that
area I think yeah yeah but I've been in
the woods if I find the patch of third
tree that looks just like every other
patch of tree yeah that's a tricky
memory to find where any adjustment you
have to pay attention to the background
frequently on these things oh yeah yeah
but I think that one there is no
background it's just trees in a rock sea
okay but we know it's not the trail we
know that's not a trail not necessarily
a road and it's the woods we know it's
just south of where we are now
yeah so that's that's something the one
I always said trouble with yeah yeah
this one this one's a fucking nightmare
to find isn't that it like go around
mountain yep there's a lot of gore on
mountain
sure sure that's true yeah hmm Jack are
you going to play the Pokemon switch
game when it comes out possibly I've
been fairly disillusioned with modern
Pokemon games they haven't been my cup
of tea but we'll see it's not that
people are suddenly sensitive these days
they just have a platform to call out
the bullshit and being a punchline for
decades punchline is the point of jokes
and they're not all mean-spirited
sometimes they're just jokes oh sure but
a joke doesn't have to be I would have
to if I were gay if I were gonna be like
that haven't to take every fictional
portrayal of nerd would be like a knife
to my heart if I didn't have a sense of
humor sure but at Milhouse if we're
gonna bitch about The Simpsons
yeah I should be fuckin furious about
Milhouse but I'm not the fictional
fucking character right one a joke
doesn't have to be mean-spirited to hurt
someone's feelings you shouldn't have
any special protections with your
feelings you feel good feelings get hurt
every now and then right and and they
have the right to express their opinions
on these things and again part of the
problem and this is according to them
because obviously it did not affect me
is they didn't really have anyone else
like sure yeah we got Milhouse and all
those other people but we had a bunch of
people that look like us also kind of a
guy yeah got a book I write I should be
horribly offended by god no what is the
joke it's a fucking joke yeah but but
you can't tell them how to feel man
I jump I don't care how they feel right
I think I'm saying no no you're what
what you're saying what what you are in
fact saying is take a joke man don't
feel offended right get over it right
and I don't kid I don't think you get to
say that I'm pretty sure they get to
feel however they want to feel
they do and I get to say I don't give a
shit
absolutely I'm gonna make a joke doesn't
affect you directly so of course you
wouldn't care
comic book guy Milhouse blob trails that
should offend me again I can't get too
upset about it
well i like i said i think i know i can
i can't understand fully because i I
grew up I grew up with a ton of
representation everyone in media looked
like me and so it was never a big deal
for me so all I can do is listen to
people who say it was a problem for them
and try to understand it you know that's
it
and so this guy's like hey I grew up and
and I had the the fake Indian man from
short circuit in movies and a pool on a
TV and and so I had to grow up with
people you know saying thank you come
again to me and that kind of made my
life a little shitty and so making movie
about it and that's about it that's all
you know fake Indian who was a good guy
and befriended the robot was if anything
a positive character I you might feel
differently had you grown up as an
Indian American the fucking the fucking
successful robot scientist built
artificial intelligence oh oh what a
negative stereotype I think I think you
might feel differently had you grown up
that way again I can't understand all I
can do is listen and just try to you
know acknowledge okay okay trying to
trying to be a little empathetic here
just just as like a I'll prove that
horrible stereotypes like a successful
business owner
I think we've all agreed already that
everyone on the Simpsons is a
one-dimensional stereotype I know
beefcake we're moving on I didn't want
to talk about this at all
I just saw a documentary I dug it and I
liked it I thought it was really well
put together we'll move on
okay for one unrelated yeah kind of
feeling ill you yeah so this might be a
short stream I'm not feeling ill okay I
am feeling you are you've been kind of
ill all weekend I haven't I haven't had
much of an appetite yeah but I am going
to eat some crow right now oh I'm gonna
eat I'm gonna I'm gonna eat some crow
eat it
we last stream we were talking about the
problem with the pool the the the
documentary the problem with the problem
of the pool yeah and I I was being a big
dummy dum-dum
I I was I was being stubborn and stupid
which is a bad combination
yeah well you were you were making some
assumptions and you yeah that's that's
it but also I mean the Simpsons I spent
on the air but close to 30 years a
long-ass time at the Simpsons was a part
of my childhood sure my my teenage years
my formative years mm-hmm and my young
adulthood
absolutely it's and those were the glory
years of The Simpsons before it became
bad before it became what it is now
right and I I have I have mentioned on
the stream before that you shouldn't you
shouldn't live in your echo chamber you
should not live in your you should you
should you should listen to at least
listen to what the other side has to say
if they're being reasonable sure and I
absolutely did not fucking do that
what I absolutely did not fucking do
that at all why didn't you do that rich
I love I love short circuit I do I do
speaking of people who are non-indian
and dress up like Indians I I watched
those movies like all the fucking time
when I was 10 years old yes I would wear
the Hawking tape out yeah Oh short for
short circuit anyway I I wasn't willing
to listen to it and we got into it last
stream and you were absolutely right and
I was being absolutely bullheaded and it
sat with me wrong okay like that stream
and I'm like that that
not feel right at all okay and and fur
for those of you who weren't there last
room basically all I was saying was oh
the problem with the poo is a decent
little documentary and you know I
thought it was pretty fair even-handed I
was just kind of blowing you off yeah I
wasn't willing I wasn't even willing to
listen to it okay and so after the
stream I'm like that was really dumb
yeah and what I did was I'm like I'm
fucking man up I at least owe it to
watch this fucking documentary yeah and
I watched the problem with the poo he's
gonna put I can't I can't refute it I
thank you it's a feud at once once you
compare a pool yeah to blackface and I I
can't say that's a poo is significantly
different I can't do it you can't you
can't he makes some very fair points in
that documentary I don't I don't
necessarily agree with all of it I
obviously be just because I'm coming
from a different perspective
but yeah I just thought it was really
even Hannah and rich I think that's
that's really big of you I have to I
have to be immature I have to admit when
I'm wrong and when I'm being stupid I
was being stupid well there you go

[Part II]
let's see what we got here
mm-hmm rewind Chuck says rich and Jack
have you seen that episode of black
mirror with the godlike evil Star Trek
captain if so what do you think has Mike
seen it I would watch the shit out of
that show Cheers did you see black
mirror with it I did not I did in here
I'm sorry
I like black mirror I like a lot of
black mirror I didn't see I don't know
if I saw any of the new season to tell
you the truth any of the new seasons I
think there's two new seasons now good
morning neon Leon from Germany good
morning invisible strings as rich yeah
any updates with your neighbors and the
prank they 100% deserved I have not
heard from them well there you go
there you go
anonymous says hey Jack I know you're a
beer guy do you have a favorite type of
cheap beer living in Milwaukee
I'm sure you've got endless selection of
great beer but you must have a favorite
shitty beer which is the green screen
broken someone's asking me to fix the
green screen what's wrong with it I
think the green screen looks fine
now you're a crazy person green-screen
looks fine okay
cheap beer here we go here's here's a
that you guys I thought we wanted to get
away from controversial topics let's
talk about cheap beer cuz everyone has
their own opinion on what cheap beer is
the best cheap beer I'm okay with PBR
with your past I think that's a that's a
fine cheap beer usually that's the cheap
beer that's most available places and I
think that's a perfectly acceptable
cheap beer but if I am going cheap like
if I'm out and you know they only have
the basics nunna none of the good stuff
I will usually go with high life Miller
High Life
that's my cheap beer of choice it's
light smooth decent flavor so Miller
High Life or Miller Lite I'm also okay
with Miller Lite just because sometimes
you feel like water sometimes you
feeling just drinking water and and
that's what you get sometimes you feel
like a nut some and sometimes sometimes
you are one
oh you fancy the the day high life is
considered fancy something is wrong in
your life
my life is like carbonated water it's
kind of impressive it's great definitely
need to practice the shield bash oh nice
did it did it oh yeah
angry orchard is really nice cider have
you seen is it angry orchard or is it
like Mike's hard that is making a no you
did miss tough thing come back yeah so
what up one of them one of the either
the hard cider people or maybe like
Mike's Hard Lemonade is making an
alcoholic carbonated water like a
Lacroix but with a little bit of booze
in it to capitalize on the trend of
sparkling water just like Alka
now it has alcohol alcoholic sparkling
water go I think it's great
why not just put vodka and look Roy
right
sparkling water is a trend yes
sparkling water is is very trendy at the
moment
EMW box PBR doesn't taste different post
hipster but it's usually just more
expensive poster post hipster yes the
the reason that PBR became trendy again
is because everyone was drinking it and
the only reason everyone was drinking it
was because it's a halfway decent cheap
beer and so it's a cheap beer that
everyone would buy and you know young
artists would get together and buy cheap
beer and it was usually papst yeah but
then it became cool because like young
hip people were drinking it so they
started jacking up the price and so now
it's like kind of expensive cheap beer
exactly yes that's exactly what it
sounds like it defeats the purpose yes
oh you fucking trendsetters so then
everyone started looking for the next
cheap beer that would be like popular so
they could you know capitalize on
whatever and nothing hit quite as hard
as PBR
what's my craft choice spot of cow isn't
alright beer I usually prefer an IPA and
so we have so many craft beers here in
Milwaukee I am a big fan of MKE brewing
they they make an a couple really
excellent IPAs but there's there's just
far too many yeah that's pretty good
no well Ford but I you know there's no
there's a lot of good beer there's a lot
of good beer out there which is great
my PJs are bad for my good name I like
some
how do do do-do-do work me back out know
what uh oh wait I can't get out all
right
the dude was gone and I needed to leave
and you just go to the shrine and he's
like what what do you want I already
gave you the thing my soul is supposed
to be at rest
telegin says what is your favorite
celebrity trying to revive their long
dead career what oh oh I guess Roseanne
I don't know oh great no have you seen
the new show I need to I haven't
is it working I know what's on the
broadcast TV that's probably why I
haven't seen where do you go to watch it
on the Internet's you could present it
like a modern adult
what uh what station is it on ABC then
my guess is you go to abc.com maybe see
that corn yeah okay and then they would
have it streaming maybe okay so I
haven't seen it I used to watch Roseanne
I enjoyed it I was very sure back in the
day I loved it I don't know what the new
ones like right it's got an advert good
word of mouth Oh
most good I haven't heard anything
because much like you I don't watch a
regular television if it's not on
Netflix I just don't hear about it right
unless it's on the CW but I don't watch
it on the CW i watch it on the CW app on
my Apple TV so I guess I might have an
ABC app that I could go to and watch but
then I'd have to be reminded of it and
turn into a whole thing what do we think
of ash vs. Evil Dead I'm waiting to
binge watch it oh I didn't yeah we
talked about that before though the new
season is that but I left on that last
season ended on a real sour note for me
so I haven't been very excited to watch
the new season I've heard it's good yeah
yeah all right I might believe you I
guess oh okay great I'm Jack I'm glad to
hear I'm not a trustworthy source for
you you I'm not trusting you you said oh
I heard it's good which means like you
don't even know who'd you hear it from
rich cite your sources giving you shit
Jay Bowman what's Jay Ballman says it's
good what rich well I didn't mean to do
that
you were electrocuted you goddamn horse
horse it's a my fuck away
what asked arwing asks a very unusual
question what would our LM be uncensored
if it could be what do you mean what we
like the occasional nudity on best of
the worst I don't give it all that much
thought honestly I don't
it's not I don't think it's censored for
content I just think it's censored so
it's not super distracting yeah that's a
that's a very weird question as I I
don't think our alum is censored in any
way unless you're just thinking about
the nudity I think we the only thing
they're actually talking about huh that
could be the only thing they're talking
about I guess is it is it that important
to you that you see the nipples when we
talk about the movie yeah thank you
smart @tsmart gnashed as there are
better places to find tits friend that's
true there are their entire web sites
devoted to that sort of thing so see
does he get healing if I feed him he
might like you again that probably just
pissed him off yeah see look that's oh
no you're afraid you might have just
made him upset at you because he knew it
was you so what are you doing keep
losing truck that shrine because I have
to go to save somebody's ass from
something did you mark it I didn't
because I thought I'd just run right
there but then shit keeps coming up and
then I keep losing track of where the
shrine is that's that's how it works
there's a shrine I think so you're right
more to your right there's a shrine
that's what I've been doing oh no you
haven't been to now and it's orange well
oh sorry shrine not tower I keep a demon
tower
sorry
Anonymous's hey Jack did you ever try
out the Sierra series quest for glory to
was just fantastic old adventure games I
am too as the best in the series no oh
my go I haven't tried them nobody I
never finished the last one mm-hmm
one is great two was amazing
three is awful I think it was slapped
together first pretty damn good yeah and
then I never finished five there you go
there you go you got gotta get them
bananas do i why do you have so many
bananas because I was in the rainforest
oh okay they literally grow on trees 50
fucking bananas
Oh puzzle right a puzzle
oh okay
hey the Stavros so obnoxious hey you
take care of another gun for viola for a
while it's fine
lip get out of here all right so here
and Mike here with him
this one I think is fine oh that
probably just goes yeah
close enough
like that close enough dude hey rich
yeah anonymous wants to know if we can
get your thoughts on the original crew
Star Trek the original series it's a
fantastic show
I love the start yeah I love it right
under TNG okay I know most people assume
I'm supposed to like deep space 9 most
or right after TNG but and it's third on
the list okay
TNG and TOS thank you well there you go
oh they might be talking about the
movies the saying I personally love six
and two and really appreciate one in
three movies I love one more than most
the two is so probably the best I mean
the icon and undiscovered country is
Fantastic Four's cute I mean it's a
gimmick gets gets cute for is cute
yeah the was saving the whale saving the
whales yeah it's durable that is true
my opinion of Night Court I love my
court back in the day Night Court is a
fantastic show is a fantastic show you
know I believe got a start at a Night
Court
mmm brent Spiner oh yeah there's a
reoccurring character that's great
that's great
no night guard it's fantastic I used to
watch that show all the time it was on
it was on like reruns all the time
really you can burn them and you
probably just have to do it like a like
a spin burn a polenta
yeah I don't think is gonna work
fuck it I think you didn't shoot a
burning arrow yeah laughs I'm yeah not
if I win I get it whatever I kiddin use
your sword that's weird
it is weird
fire causes this game to chug sometimes
this game chugs sometimes
oh speaking of Nintendo switch games
chugging yeah some disappointing news
from from software Oh the Dark Souls
getting a little bit of a push back but
only for the switch so Dark Souls
remastered is still coming out next
month for ps4 Xbox and PC but if you
want it on the switch you have to wait
until summer 2018 nobody saw that coming
well I figured they had their shit
together already but yeah getting pushed
back cuz when you're making Dark Souls
for a tablet you got it you got a really
tinker with the controls
what's the difference between dark sold
remastered and the PC version is there a
PC version the first one I think there
is there is a PC version
what's the difference I can only assume
in your assuming you shouldn't assume oh
then I don't know you know what happens
when you assume yes I turn yes it makes
a dickhead out of you and me yeah yeah
frequently frequently when games that
come out on console get remastered yeah
they don't release a PC remastered
version because the PC version yeah
already has the nice resolution that's
all they really do for the remastering
right right so you might be gaining
nothing if you're if you have access to
the PC version that's true well but we
do know that the PC version is only like
optimized if you run special additional
software like you know it cobbled
together
okay code does it download the software
right and you hit install and you're
done
sure it's not rocket science I was too
lazy to do it the time we streamed but
it really isn't rocket science no no
it's not but you're you're relying on
third-party code that who knows if it's
gonna be updated with this patch of that
patch oh you're right you should
probably wait on the Nintendo version
that they can't even get working
oh or by the the official from software
PC remastered version so everything runs
smoothly or by the one that's already
out and get the dsfix is what I think it
was called
I actually have no idea what it fixes
all I know is it's coming to the switch
and that's what I want to play it on
because I like playing stuff on the go
so it doesn't matter to me if this was
even original Dark Souls coming to the
switch with no remastering I probably
get it for the switch and that's why I
play it I have no concept for what
they're doing to improve it I assume
there's some improvement just because
why are you actually just a research why
I want to play it on the switch it might
be doing okay I mean you just want the
portability I get that that's yeah so
the so the the rest of it really doesn't
matter to me okay okay yeah I'd love to
watch them play demons soul you can we
did play it that demons demons there we
do demons
yeah sure if I didn't sure we did I am
100% sure we played demons soul on
stream we didn't get very far
yeah we goofed around a little bit and
we all said oh yeah this is a lot like
Dark Souls that's fun I don't call yep
we've we've also played a lot of games
on the stream so it's okay
we oh no we played Dark Souls on stream
that was a really early stream but then
we've also played demons souls yes but I
and I see you I see you that our green
screen is going crazy again what what
what would you like to do about this I
don't I don't know green screen hates
blue oh like maybe the TV is reflecting
enough of a blue light sometimes that
could be
that could be
it happens when the game is right now
huh then there's not a lot we can do
about that if there's if there's that
kind of color change the green screen is
gonna flip out
I'm very sorry all right we got storm
Templar who says evening internet
uncle's who is best placed to win
the streaming wars that have already
begun as their streaming we're going on
no cuz everyone's pretty cool with
having a couple channels at the moment
are we on the right side of the
streaming war oh yeah so you got Netflix
Hulu Amazon and you know all the other
ones Oh video streams of video streaming
yeah no not our streaming wars there's
gonna be 8,000 of these channels and
after you were glad to cut the cable
yeah and you didn't have to pay $80 a
month cable now you're gonna have to pay
$120 to subscribe to all of these 30
different streaming services they're
gonna pop up Disney's finest right
Sony's Netflix you flex we flex they
flex they flicks has some really
interesting content Hulu Plus super Hulu
Plus yep YouTube TV streaming is good is
good they've ruined it corporations have
ruined it
yeah you know so who's winning right now
the probably Netflix
everybody needs Netflix well not for now
yeah who's winning right now I think I
think long-term I don't think long-term
what's good for Netflix long-term they
have to they in order to just just to
stay afloat
yeah in order to keep up they have to
keep knocking they're originals out of
the fucking park constantly from here on
out but here's the constantly they have
to they don't stop they don't have to
keep knocking them out of the park
yeah because they already don't knock
all of their originals out of the park
the ones that they don't knock out of
the park you never hear of because
you're not interested in when there's a
2-year dry spell and there's nothing
that's good or interesting comes out for
there won't ever be that okay okay
here's the problem here's the problem
because you say they come up with so
many different things now that shit
ain't cheap no it's not that shit ain't
cheap and it's good can they keep up
with the spending they need to have to
have 30 different nice shows every year
they seem to be doing it all right they
seem to be doing it
meanwhile you know you don't like Disney
they're gonna jump into this game and
they got their huge fucking library
backing them up and have to worry about
that shit
Oh Disney's gonna gonna stir up this
shit pot or real cool yeah yeah
absolutely I think I think Netflix are
ahead for now but oh god it's gonna be
it's gonna be very similar to what
happened with the console wars okay
Nintendo was the only ones around pretty
much was them and them and uh Sega right
both both video game niche guys doing
their consoles yeah and then when the
mega corporations who had money behind
them with their other endeavors decided
to come into the game they just were
able to fucking shoved and tendo in to a
little corner and flat out and kill Sega
that's true that's the I think that's
Netflix in 15 years they're gonna be
they're gonna be the Nintendo are just
gonna screaming okay I don't know if
they'd be gone they they have found a
little they have found a corner for
themselves where they have enough of the
programming that enough people want with
their original stuff but they have to
keep spending a lot of the money that
they're making yeah it's going right
into making new shows Epson how long
before they get just exhausted or before
profit margins become too thin yes yeah
absolutely so long term I don't know man
long term well I mean listen we know
what the answer is long term Disney wins
because they have the most money Disney
has the most toys so they will win
always yep but for now but I still think
Netflix can put up a decent fight sure
and there now and for now they are
winning absolutely all the other
channels have enough to keep them afloat
but not enough to sustain them I don't
think as long as prices are cheap
they'll still be around but they won't I
don't think they're gonna last for very
long
Netflix needs to consistently hit the
stranger things lottery but they don't
that's like the straight this you called
the stranger things lottery because
stranger things is part of your niche
area of expertise that's why you love
stranger things the exact same person
who loves old 90s sitcoms goes they need
to keep hitting it out of the park with
fuller house right and and the exact
same person who's only into dystopian
sci-fi bullshit goes they need to keep
hitting it out of the park with altered
carbon because that's how Netflix works
extreme niche marketing has anybody
subscribe to Netflix for altered carpet
maybe I don't know I do know of people
who subscribe to them for fuller house I
know about that don't forget about the
hordes of Adam Sandler
you might have said that as a joke but
it is true Adam Sandler has a lot of
legitimate fans how much does it cost to
make an Adam Sandler movie you know
Netflix you know how cheap he makes how
much you know how cheap he makes it yeah
but then he yeah but the reason he does
it is because he asked for a shitload of
money and then he makes it cheap so he's
probably asking Netflix for a shitload
of money the Gannet are they are Netflix
are they spending more on TV show and
movie R&D; than they're making in actual
subscriptions no no they turn on a
profit
all right apparently though their profit
margin isn't as wide as HBO's because
you know HBO still has less original
programming even though they spend more
on it they have they get more backer
there was something that came out
recently about HBO having a much larger
profit margin
I thought Netflix was losing money i I
thought that too but I haven't looked
into it too deeply and I think there I
thought at least that they were making
money it's just not they're not making a
huge amount of money yeah HBO does get a
lot of sweet-ass cable money I wish you
can do tricks
what is this SSX tricky I gotta be cute
it would be it would be
I care about the rose and revival I do I
need to find the spot where I can watch
it on the Internet's cuz I'm I'm not I
don't frequently watch broadcast TV talk
to that going on yeah hold on okay
they're right I think you can go to
abc.com
it'll have them it should or ABC like
go.com or something one of those okay
should have them or does your does your
Smart TV have apps and you can get the
ABC app on your Smart TV live stream
from your watch I got YouTube TV to
watch the Olympics oh okay then you
might be able to watch it via the
something app I don't know if it let you
watch older stuff with YouTube TV they
might I don't know I don't know amazon
has deeper pockets than Disney but
Disney has a significant catalog
advantage yeah Amazon doesn't have the
toy names deeper pockets than Disney
fucking Amazon Bezos man yeah I know B's
those rules all I know they got a
shitload of money but Disney was able to
afford to spend four billion dollars on
Star Wars that's but you know what
Amazon did they didn't spend four
billion dollars and Star Wars and Star
Wars that's true does it matter how
shitty the movies aren't people are
still dying to see the fucking Han Solo
movie because it says Star Wars I think
I still think Amazon's got more money
but they don't have the toys Amazon
doesn't have the Star Wars they don't
have the superheroes they don't have the
princesses when Amazon sold they don't
have the Pixar what Amazon sells the
Disney products yeah doesn't he gets cut
of that I'm just saying but uh but also
when Amazon so
the bootleg Disney products just Amazon
gets the profits apparently spending 1
billion on their Lord of the Rings show
I thought that was Netflix that was
gonna spend a billion dollars on the
Lord of the Rings show which I I have to
imagine that's just a Lord of the Rings
that's a that's a big geek franchise
people watch it
Zelda again why not play metal gear
rising because that game was it sure to
play and I thinking of you're thinking
of survive oh I am that game was it
rising was the one by platinum oh well I
got a platinum eight and I like platinum
but I still hate Metal Gear it's it's
like I'll try it someday probably yeah
and and to sell the breath of the wild
in replaying it
I might make a bold statement that I
might were going to make a bold
statement that I might regret yeah Zelda
breath of the while might be the best
game to come out in the last five years
breath the well yeah not five years what
came out in last year's dooms very good
I put breath of the wild let's come to I
put a breath well fine I mean for my
world
no ok it doesn't beat either of those
two okay in my world's breath of the
wild is the best game to come out in
five years I'm not even sure ooh this is
B blood-borne oh and that's competition
Oh dog it's close
it might beat it it's close
you guys are listing a lot of really
great games I I have never it's hard for
me to remember I don't want to say I've
never it is hard for me to remember a
game that I have played so
enthusiastically for a second time
and with the same joyful reaction the my
second playthrough this game has has
reawaken and I loved it the first time
and I loved it extra hard the second
time that might be too much sure is
now I remember hating this one I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get slightly more
specific while I think it might be the
best game in the past five years it is
by no means the most perfect game oh
nice I thought that was gonna be too
much uh hi you overdid it you did it
just right congratulations
I think breath of the wild has more
flaws than a blood-borne has in my in my
opinion but I still think the positives
outweigh okay plus so while blood-borne
is a goddamn perfect game
I think the highs of breadth of the wild
might beat it out
I love blood-borne you guys know I love
blood-borne Celt surfaces now Jack says
some stupid shit and it's true I do we
can all agree on this I thought no it's
true
you around to the left of that one
oh the highs and bloodborne are pretty
damn highs and I'm not sure there's any
lows it's it's a it's got gosh dang
perfect game but the the overall feeling
of breath of the wild beats it out for
me
just Iike beat he could be correct walk
without rhythm says or I'm sorry big
rooster 83 says this game is Shadow of
the Colossus with extra crap you're very
wrong you're very wrong my friend and
that's okay
whoo that might be it that might be it
oh just barely on this is a tough one
this is a tough one here rich that take
like a slight step to your left right
fine speed just a little bit harder
which system is this game for I'm
guessing PS what Nintendo the this this
current game that we're playing is
seldom breath of the wild for the
Nintendo switch also out on the Wii U
you might be asking about blood-borne
which we've been also talking a lot
about which is out on the PlayStation 4
just you know just in case
all right how many hits till we get to
the center of a Tootsie Pop you can do
it and he's just got it you got to find
that come at it from the right angle
yeah that looks pretty good
listen what's the next big game you're
looking forward to it
I have to go more oh no no God no oh
Braga
you you uh you over corrected and then
double over correct yeah you fucked that
right up the next big game what's the
next what's the next big game you
looking for next Triple A what's what's
coming out what's coming up I there's
there's the God of War that's coming up
pretty soon there's the Spider Man is
getting a lot of press what level of
looking forward to what's what's the
next big game that you that you think
will be good just just good that might
be got a war yeah that might be okay
I suppose that it could be yes that's
true I'm really looking forward to that
spider-man ah man that that uh that
could be a lot of fun if what I've seen
not not my socks off oh that's it that's
it you got it
rich did it that was so it I thought I
was it I think it just has to land and
they're perfect doesn't it
yeah like the bounce is just gonna
happen well you just have to hit
straight oh oh speaking of bat
Battletech oh man this is even more
perfect or looking
No maybe I thought maybe even hit it
perfectly it wouldn't bounce out I'll
just count you just touching the thing
that was so close
speaking of Battletech someone gifted
you rich yeah
Oh a pre-purchase of Battletech knowing
that you were looking forward to that
nice yeah so remind me to get you that
code oh that's not it you got to move a
little bit no good that might be it
that might be it but but not enough room
sometimes euros fail sometimes just okay
to give up come back to it later two
three four five did I hit something they
hit the pillar other people some people
are saying they take the ball off of the
pedestal and move it back a little bit
that's not good do you have any other I
got you got the axe no we failed yep
that's right this looks quite hard it is
yeah this one you have to be very person
and you just get a treasure chest I'm
sure there's something good in that
treasure chest yeah
I forget what but like rich I already
beat the shrine he can already get the
spirit orb but that was just for a bonus
treasure chest so completely optional I
mean I guess technically all shrines are
completely optional right this one's
extra optional you think oh if that's
all it is if all it is in there is an
ancient core then fuck it
no age of course great yeah but you can
get those easy can you I don't know if
that's easy you just go go kill the the
Guardians killing Guardians is one of
the easiest thing to do in the game once
you know how stock up on shields and
just start reflecting
what we got here
what do we get Doh Dan Z says Jack and
rich have you played any of the Metro
games no their story focused FPS is set
in a post-apocalyptic Moscow Metro rich
might like it but probably has too much
story for Jack check it out
or Downton I don't even know if I've
heard I've heard him don't even know if
I've heard of Metro there's so much so
many games so many games to play
ah doctor lube it up says rich the
expression on my face was identical to
yours during the Faust
portion best of the worst
I even covered my face at points yeah
it's not an easy watch Faust apparently
and actually like I'm really upset about
this the the Unrated DVD is even worse
JJ texted me saying the DVD has all the
stuff that was cut out like the and I
was like oh god we gotta watch the DVD
now redo the whole show you two creepers
yeah come here and have a special
screening me and J we're gonna we're
gonna get some coffee watch the Unrated
DVD cut a Faust cuz that's the one to
watch but uh so I'm a little
disappointed that we didn't watch that
what a mission for me wasn't you was it
one of them had a mission for you
classic tit puddle that was a good
episode the best of the worst yeah yeah
okay episode of Faust I'm saying there's
a good episode of powers don't you
haven't you seen the whole series by now
rich no best source it was a that was a
fine episode some of you know sometimes
I'll see you in episode of best vs. I
think I yeah that was fine oh that's
right no more heroes threes coming out
at some point oh that's true Travis I'm
a prehensile about changing the voice
I'm very apprehensive about that you is
you you really enjoy the original Travis
touchdown yeah one of the most quotable
video game characters mm-hmm that'll be
an interesting one it'll be interesting
to see what they do but yeah good that
guys weak-ass painting that's son Hart
is not that it's not that involved in
high role I mean they do get wiped out
every couple hundred years it just
completely decimated by can and so yeah
they probably have a lot of time for the
leisure activities like art
rich has no interest in anime but he
likes no more heroes well one more
exceptions to every rule and and
secondly I almost view No More Heroes is
more of an anime parody sure sure but
some people would say that about a lot
of animes well this is the anime that
makes fun of anime but it's still an
anime but it nia makes fun of anime and
but you know that can be said about
anything in any genre so fucking sudden
oh you showed you where the castle one
is guess what it's right in front the
castle oh that one yeah yeah you know
where that one is either of us use the
pro controller exclusively when when we
first got our switches what what was it
a year ago yeah I I think neither of us
made it more than 15 minutes without
buying a pro controller that dumbass
plastic thing that you put your joy
comes in to play games was I was talking
about this the other day with someone
who just recently got a switch and like
what what that plastic thing is is
perfectly serviceable like it works
kinda but if you have any sort of long
gaming session you need the pro
controller which unfortunately is still
like 60 or 70 dollars for a controller
60 or 70 I just forgot that's how much
it was cuz they knew that the joint cons
are fucking garbage they are garbage oh
they're so garbage but yeah the pro
controller is great it feels great holds
a holds its charge for a long time but
using the joy cons without the plastic
thing is a hundred times better it might
be a hundred times better than using the
plastics thing plastic thing yeah but I
still like this better than that oh yeah
do you recommend the switch at this
point or not it is which is fun yeah
which is fine
this guy's got some good games it's a if
you are a person who plays any games on
the go this was switches where it's at
at the moment as as a PC guy I'm just
kind of annoyed that you have to buy
different boxes to play different games
right just put it all on the fucking PC
god damn it
that's my opinion right right right
but no I think it's a switch as a fine
console we've already reached that point
in the switches lifespan where you know
for the first couple of months it was
out there were no games to play and now
there are the store is flooded with
games and it's really hard to search and
curate those games it's just at it's
flooded with absolute garbage but still
has good games good system oh yeah I
mean that was my plan I got so
distracted but just all of the stuff the
beautiful routes all of the stuff isn't
it goddamn beautiful like I'm gonna go
and and and go do this right oh it was
this oh I'm gonna go on into fucking
adventures what you're gonna do I'm
going to this tower this isn't the this
isn't the great tower I think for the
resort that's by the Zoras but fuck it
out it's right here who cares man you're
questing I need to make some money yeah
oh look you shot that deer right in
front of its baby shit nope octo rack
octo rack
but over else which is a fine game
Christ you know especially like you know
for someone like me who is often I often
find myself kind of stuck in a place for
you know a half hour at a time because I
have children you go to a place you
gotta wait while the kid does the thing
and then you know take the kid home the
switch is perfect as is Zelda cuz yeah
the kid goes and does the thing and okay
go I'm gonna go check out that tower
over there and see if it's dragon see
the dragons wait mm-hmm it's done put it
away get home plug it into the TV that's
perfect it's just perfect
the the switch delivers on the promise
that the Vita gave to us and never
delivered fully for those for those tens
of us who got a PlayStation Vita huh and
we were promised start a game on your
Vita finish it on your ps4 and it was it
was an exciting promise that it never
quite delivered on perfectly or smoothly
I see you I see you you fucking octo
cock well what's that there is that a PS
Vita well I hear that game that has a
ton of games to it stop at Jack I love
my binding of issac machine that is true
Vida vida is fine I love to my Vita I
loved my Vita and the Vita still has
games that the switch does not yet have
on it though it's under a pile of dust
my Vita
Oh too bad I hate it when you go out of
stealth after the sneak strike like why
would I want to go out of stealth after
the sneak storm Oh does it automatically
take out a cell did me oh I'm sorry
vitas mostly my nuclear throne machine
yeah nuclear throne
it was my spelunky machine for a while
and i did a lot of speelunk evita had a
decent salt and sanctuary ron that's
where i got all of my darkest dungeon
time in a binding of issac of course and
just a gajillion hours of binding I've
Isaac on my Vita just dancing and
skipping along not knowing those days
about the gift fucked
nice shot thank you patience yeah one
shot yeah oh man i'ma go climb that
Tower
oh yeah he's over there oh oh it's about
to start fucking raining and games
everybody it's raining gotta take a
break game five-minute break
it's raining okay let's stop I can't
climb anything this is fucking raining
weren't awful mechanic what a fucking
terrible mechanic I get it but yeah
there this is the thing is I think the
game has some problems the rains a
problem yeah weapon durability is a
problem I don't like the music I know
other people really like the music but I
don't like the music I get it they want
they want you to force you into some
situations they wanna they want to force
you into bad situations they want to
cause me to sit here and do nothing for
a few minutes right well what you know
what they're really hoping is what your
climate you're climbing a mountain going
somewhere it starts to rain you slip and
fall off and end up somewhere unexpected
Jack I spent the last 15 minutes
painstakingly climbing up the side of
that mountain right half of that half of
that my a halfway up I'm not gonna
fucking stop now because get really uh
open-world games need weather period
yeah but they don't have to stop you
from climbing they don't have to remove
one of the central gameplay mechanics
like what if you just used slightly more
stamina while climbing when it was
raining yeah so it still had a negative
effect but it didn't make you you know
slip and fall and completely stop
climbing yeah
James I Cameron says do you think that
Nintendo will ever reintroduce a new
game boy or is it switch style consoles
from here on out switched on consoles
from here on out yeah at first in
Nintendo was pretty adamant about like
the switch being their console and still
you know they're still making game
uh-huh for now for now they're still
making games for the 3ds for the for
their DS system but with the new
announcement of a switch Pokemon game
Wow it's done it's done the Pokemon has
been their money-making machine for ages
now can we safely put that in the
category of no shit what is that really
a surprise that they would dump the the
Gameboy and just make the shit for the
switch now
well it's they could have held out the
3ds and made it a different you know
like if they said no our Pokemon game is
only coming out in the 3ds the 3d I
still would have been incredibly
successful well you know because people
love those games
mole mitts problem is is probably
correct here that says they probably had
a back-up plan if the switch failed
right right that's most likely why they
made that announcement is if the switch
failed they could say no see the 3ds has
been different how long we're gonna
continue making 3d yeah the switch is a
big success so they're probably gonna
start migrating everything over there
yes which I'm gonna be ok with and they
probably can't migrate everything over
because the you wascally electric guy
yep they didn't with the bomb
oh there you go right in the kisser
yeah not doing enough damage but you
know I don't I don't have the patience
for this shit fuck you that's what you
get I'm still not comfortable playing
something that big in public the switch
I mean it's fine it's fine people people
use their iPads to take pictures in
public that's weird
no it's all fine I feel it actually
helps playing it in public if you have
cut the colorful joy cons like if you
have the greyjoy cons I feel like that
looks weirder than if you have the
colorful ones
are you going waiting for him to get
back and ring oh no I meant him nice
big dummy I saw a guy using VR on a
subway car you're fine man right here's
the rocket you eat Iraq that's okay he's
dead that's such a monster move
just pick up a rack hey I got my
bomberos back nice Breen is God says
just my quarterly plea for Space Quest
three fuck Mike cetera etc plea noted
more space quests sooner or later yeah
no no link link link link we what what
just happy he wouldn't grab on the
fucking wall he got scared I don't wanna
let go my glider

[Part III]
at least you didn't die an embarrassing
death yeah
yes still I still might fall into the
into the goop the goop the swamp goop
yeah well don't do it now because I want
to laugh at you if you do and I get it
okay yet to be facing the wall I was
facing it originally and he just kept
sliding past it
that one so much for that breaking open
good whoop-dee-doo Jack leave I'm here
now that's fine I got some water why is
the leg so bad what leg game leg ass leg
chat leg all the legs frame brain is
dead no yeah I don't know man I don't
know it happened sometimes we don't know
we're looking into it we're looking into
getting a PC only for streaming that is
something we can plug the gaming PC in
do yeah so the gaming PC isn't doing any
of the streaming work it's just worrying
about the game sure and even right now
the PC isn't doing anything you know the
the switches and the PC is only taking
it in and we're still getting shit so
we're still getting shit which might
just be because of the external capture
card but if we had an internal capture
card something plugged directly into the
motherboard we might not get the
framerate drops
yeah maybe or it could be an Internet
issue we don't know
I thought it was emulated no no this is
build a mini PC flat why does it have to
be mini we'll just need a PC I don't
care if it's big yeah just I mean just
anything anything that works well I'm
looking into it I'm doing some research
there is some there is some debate on
the thing that is important for
streaming and I'm trying to cut through
the trying to cut through the noise to
find the correct thing there's a thing
out here right what I think there's a
thorn up there yeah nice royal wonder oh
sexy
hey fuck that Club I just like I threw
it like it it's like it's like it's a
piece of shit yeah like it's fucking
garbage yeah I threw it like it was
fucking garbage Jack you know why cuz
there's fucking garbage like normally I
just drop a weapon yeah you're throwing
it away from you what's the
replayability um not as good as the
first time when you're actually
discovering for the first time but it's
fine oh I think it's great I think you
know yeah there there are some like
puzzles that I'll remember and go oh
yeah and just and and figure it on out
real simple but I haven't played this
since it originally came out and I am
having a ton of fun playing it again I
am finding areas that I didn't find the
first time I'm doing things I didn't do
the first time see I think I was just
pretty damn thorough the first time that
could be that could me did you get all
the shrines the first time all the
shrines no I don't say I did oh okay I'm
pretty sure I've seen everything
gotcha and I didn't
but what do you see ice rod ice rod so
I'm finding this game to be pretty darn
replayable because I didn't do
everything the first time nice dodge
change the weapon she's got too many
weapons I'll save that one oh snap whoa
there you go nice catch on the back on
the back it's a boomerang motherfucker
motherfuckers never heard of Australia
you just koala on his ass oh oh oh we
got a sphere back nope oh they'll be
more boomerangs you're lost tip they'll
be more boomerang there will be more
boomerangs but nothing will be as good
as that boomerang don't worry it's big
he'll kind of don't you kind of don't
I mean my major extra hearts sure I'm
saving that for oh shit moments yeah
yeah sometimes you don't know when the
ownership moments having that get that
one almost killed you that dude almost
killed you with all of our Australian
paraphrasing and general is i
generalizing punk side and says great
jack now some Australian is gonna make a
documentary about us yeah Crocodile
Dundee
I felt I don't want a problem with
Crocodile Dundee I'm not here disturb
shit I just thought that was a funny
comment anxiety objective Jack I don't
know why you're laughing Crocodile
Dundee is very offensive okay wait I
have a legitimate question that some
people so nobody is allowed to enjoy
Crocodile Dundee right and obviously
that was not the point of the approve
documentaries just one dudes opinion but
I have a legitimate question about
crocodile thong yeah he's Paul Hogan
Australian he's being an offensive
stereotype of an Australian that doesn't
matter that he's a strong oh I know I
just did not know if he was actually in
Australian I'm I'm willing to bet he is
okay think he is oh okay great III had
no I I just you I knew where you were
going with that I was like wait a minute
he's probably not Australian have I been
lied to my whole life it was a general
it was a genuine shock to me when I
found out that that guy in a short
circuit was Fisher Stevens say I don't
know I don't know I don't know Fisher
Stevens I don't know but it looks like
when he's not all made up right when
he's not in quite literal Brown face
what else is he in hackers have you seen
hackers no no he's in things he's in
stuff okay he was in stuff back in the
day and you know because I saw
short-circuit when I was so young I
didn't realize that that was not an
Indian man did he
do a good acting job in a comedy was he
funny character yes I'll give a shit
it's it's it's strange it's strange okay
it's strange that they didn't just you
know hire an Indian actor that's acts as
if is fucking great hackers is a that's
a that's a fun that's a fun okay have
you seen hackers no but maybe he was
legitimately the best person for the
part maybe he was legitimately the best
person for the part maybe maybe you know
historically there's been some problem
with people painting themselves to look
like minorities in performer okay okay
an early speaking were pretty respectful
of stuff like that and if he was the
best actor for the part why not have him
play you know a white scientist with a
heavy Indian accent or you know no
accent it's it's almost as if it was a
lazy stereotype joke and they were
trying to get cheap laughs out of a
goofy accent oh it's almost as if okay
what's the problem with that it's the
cheap jokes at the expense of at the
expense of people I don't see the mobs
that are running around hating Indians I
just don't see the hate
okay there were those guys that they
just they they just found guilty like
this group of dudes who were planning on
bombing a bunch of Indians in in
retaliation to 9/11 they were planning
like well that's just an idiot right
right but that's like fresh news it's
hot fresh news they just found this
group of dudes guilty who were literally
going around hating Indians but it's a
thing yeah it's it's a thing as it turns
out racist people exist sure yeah I've
never claimed that racism doesn't exist
right comedy uses stereotypes absolutely
that's what comedy does absolutely what
we're advocating for when we don't want
people to use stereotypes at all in any
way shape or form is the death of comedy
no I don't think that's what I think
you're taking that to an extreme my
friend
we might be advocating for the death of
lazy comedy
we did we can we slid right back into we
slid it right back into this talk it's
true
it's either All or Nothing right that's
the problem that's the problem that's
true that's true
remember that guy right here in Oak
Creek that like shot up the Sikh temple
because they were brown people
they weren't even the right kind of
brown you know yeah so no so when you
when you say I don't see mobs of people
going after Indians like literally it
happened around a corner for we're
talking about somebody who was so stupid
yeah he didn't know the difference
between a Sikh and Muslim Brian I've
been shooting any of these people is a
good of course of course of right but I
guess what I'm saying is there are
people who go around attacking groups of
Indians all right all right
that's what we're saying is a poo is the
same thing as shooting up the Sikh
temple absolutely okay okay if I don't
think that's what we're saying at all
but I like it let's just go with it ah
that's great that's great I think ya
know rich knows how to simplify things
so everyone can understand that's the I
think that's a good tip gobbledygook s'
says pillars of eternity too is out soon
a sequel to the obsidian RPG it mostly
takes place on your sailboat and the
developers said they took inspiration
from FTL for the ship combat come in a
switch to do you know what pillars of
eternity is or pillars of eternity to
know neither do I
neither do I got with lyrics I'm sorry
I've never heard of pillars of eternity
what do we got here James
jamming ttan says I desperately want to
play blood-borne but I refuse to buy
another console what do you think the
chances are that I'll be able to play
blood-borne on PC in five years I'm not
opposed to emulators well I wouldn't
count on anything later in five verse
ps4 emulator in five years you're not
gonna you're not going to see that yeah
probably you might see a steam version
of blood-borne sometime after the PS 5
comes out sure and Sony doesn't care as
much anymore how long did it take Dark
Souls to come to PC that's the question
for chat then for chat how someone tell
me how long it took dark souls to come
to PC because I know that was a console
exclusive for awhile
right I don't know the history oh it
only took a year oh then never mind then
never mind a better comparison is
demon's soul which is still not on pc
all right that's fair and that's true
mr. Shah files
mr. shy smile says Dark Souls is
different Jack Sony didn't pay for it
you're absolutely correct you're
absolutely correct so yeah with that
that could be a straight-up never coming
to PC but I bet in five years you might
be able to find a cheap enough ps4
Oh my doorman idiot what are you doing
emulation is the only way blood-borne
comes to PC possibly possibly a lot can
happen in five years a lot can happen
is there a ps3 emulator is that a thing
on the PC if there is it's probably in
the earliest stages and not working very
well right and how long has the ps4 go
now and we still don't have a properly
working ps3 emulator yeah it's gonna be
a while which is why I'm saying like if
you really want blood-borne in the next
five years my guess is in five years you
can find it just a cheap enough ps4 out
there what hate you box just rack just
some rocks final rack that's fine just
react this isn't even the rights the
tower that's by the reader areas oh I
don't know where you are
this game is big it is it's a very big
game which is nice I don't know where
you are at the moment so it's hard it's
hard for me to say gobbledygook says
also if given the chance I think rich
will really enjoy battle tech by
Harebrained Schemes published by Paradox
berry in-depth system turn-based
location damage and an epic
single-player campaign okay is it
actually out now the the key that we got
was like for the you know was a like an
early buy thing I don't know if I'm
officially out yet I do believe it's an
early access but chat said a little
reminder to remind me to give rich that
key it was gifted
it was gifted to us though I assume it
was meant for rich because you've talked
about battle probably so the turn-based
game yeah that's probably yeah yeah yeah
yeah not eggs I know we normally it's
remembered to buy eggs I have plenty of
eggs I'm good on eggs
Chad isn't a PDA dammit
Chad helps me remember a lot of things
okay Tobin the gnome thank you for the
tip says keep up the good work have
either of you seen the new Andre the
Giant documentary I haven't cared about
pro wrestling in 30 years and still
found it fascinating I caught the first
like 5-10 minutes and I'm so hyped to
watch the rest of it it looks good it's
good it looks neat oh this is the right
one okay oh you saw it he's not the
whole thing yeah okay
somebody somebody uploaded it to fucking
YouTube and it didn't get taken down I'm
like fucking I'm watching right here
toss it like rich now you have to mail
HBO like $2 before I hope they took it
down yeah but the whole thing was just
right stuck in there you have to
physically mail them two dollars in cash
actually I'd be pretty funny I don't
even know how that happens in this day
and age right with autumn a must event
like had some sort of filter around it
or flipped backwards yeah something to
get to get the bots how do you get past
the Autobots
unless HBO didn't submit it for
automated claims because they they
didn't think anyone would would get it
up in time who knows but I saw the first
couple minutes of and I liked it looked
pretty good pretty hyped for it was good
I think for the most part it was shit I
kind of already knew oh okay but it's
good you yeah you were more into the the
older wrestling scene than I was and so
it's fascinating yeah the older
wrestling specifically the older I don't
give a shit what the fuck they're doing
now but back in the day when I was just
these extreme personalities on the road
yeah
fairly crazy there's good stories
there's good old school wrestling
stories yeah especially when they
they're still trying to pretend it's
real yes and occasionally the public
tries to murder them literally oh man
this is dope bobby heenan where somebody
started shooting at him finding audience
they pulled out I somebody pulled a gun
on Bobby Heenan so these people are
idiots but a but hey there you go that's
great that's great
moderate a read the script and then I
went to work and I read the script yeah
no I don't think I don't think modern
there's gonna be many fun modern
wrestling stories right well did the
thing that Vince McMahon told me to do
the fun modern wrestling stories are
about crafting the storyline I consulted
with the writers in wardrobe right but
like that's internet like to a writer
that's interesting that we go well
here's how we here's how we reimagine
the you know the this storyline it's
just different now yeah
what was jake the snake' story he had a
snake in a bag that was his story like
he had a bag with a snake in it and he
would bring the snake out every once in
a while yeah that's that was this what's
the question what was Jake the snakes
bit he had a snake I don't think they
talked about him in the aundre
documentary no I think they was asking
in general
well yeah weird the more that Jake the
snake than that he had a snake in a bag
you know some horrible substance abuse
problems oh this this there's some
creepy shit that went on in that man's
life well I'm sure listen they're
professional wrestlers I'm I can't
imagine many of them have their shit
together from the beginning I don't I
don't want to get into it because I
don't remember what I wasn't there's
something really weird with him and his
father okay really I don't remember what
it was but it was something insanely
fucked up all right all right that's
fair
molecular Lionel says hey Jack what's
your thoughts on the works of philip k
dick just finished valise and reread a
Scanner Darkly and i'm always impressed
by his writing thanks dudes
I know his stories III don't know if
I've ever like read any of them but I
know you know they're just in the ether
in the zeitgeist but I've never read any
philip k dick I was kind of know that
they exist so I have nothing to add to
this conversation many apologies they
just wanted me to say dick probably I'll
say it a couple more times
dick dick and one more a dick
Michael the Cody says hey Jack and rich
you fucks I just got promoted at work
and I'm feeling amazing is a review of
The Blob remake coming is there a plan
to review the Beyond by Luxio fault
cheap hmm I'm probably not gonna be
reviewing any faulty movies you don't
think yeah all right sorry I don't know
Zach of the actors that's that's
interesting I don't know if I want to
bring it up though maybe another day
that is interesting if true valiant
bloodshot says Jack thanks for your tips
for shaving my head Oh even want to
waste your hearts I mean they don't go
away don't go away probably do it yeah
use one of your lesser ones let's see
here commodore bloodshot was a success
at awesome town i won't keep the shaved
head because i look a little too much
like Ed Norton in American History X
that's that's a smart call than valiant
bloodshot and smart call even you know
once you figure out how to beat these
guys even the major tests and strengths
are nothing it's all just the pattern
and if you fuck up the deal a lot of
damage oh sure
that's what amazing yep that's our using
just do it no matter won't matter
thoughts on Xena fucking love Xena back
in the day that was my that was my
Saturday afternoon is Xena and Hercules
I've never seen a single episode of Xena
or Hercules
really oh they're fun fun schlock man
just silly I'm a worrier Schlag ya know
I was good that was good silly fun that
was that was good silly fun Xena and her
and the adventures of Hercules Kevin
Sorbo
Lucy Lawless that other girl now Kevin
Sorbo can only get work in in in
Christian propaganda movies poor Kevin
Sorbo well I think he is a believer
though I think just he's doing what he
wants to do oh yeah then good for him I
think it's a Kirk Cameron type scenario
oh he still wanted to act but he wanted
to do it with a purpose gotcha gotcha
the crossover episodes were great oh man
I loved it I probably watched every
single episode of Xena Warrior Princess
and Hercules that was good that was good
stuff some that was some early we're
gonna start filming everything in New
Zealand and produced by me
samer thank you thank you produced by
Sam Raimi of course had Ted Raimi Emma
in it had a had oh my god why can't I
think of his name the chin first
campbell bruce campbell bruce campbell
first campbell directed a few episodes
great it was great
I like to know highly recommend ten out
of ten did I watch the Hercules TV movie
I if it was on TV I probably did what
was more campy Xena or Hercules oh man
they were all over the place I want to
say at one point there was a point in
Hercules there was a point in Hercules
where like Hercules who actually like
talked to gods every once in a while
like had a conversation with someone who
is like trying to preach Christianity
he's like yeah only one God get out of
town like that was an actual episode of
Hercules but you know then they'd have
episodes of Xena where she was like
taking a bath with her female friend and
they were just like the fanservice was
dialed to 11:00 so the camp was all over
the place I was aware of them I was
aware they were can't be I just never I
don't know why you know good reason to
step down to watch him oh sure well you
know I'm a few years younger than you
yeah I was probably I was probably at
that prime age where maybe you were a
little too old for them I don't know
that's true I don't even know that's
true okay
Rinne lad neither richer I have seen the
new season of ash I'm waiting the bench
yeah neither we haven't seen it we can't
talk about
doot-doot as rich watched the expansion
have you seen any of the expansions not
or the new season just started new
season just started you start off with
the bang it's so awesome so fucking good
Oh sci-fi shenanigans it's great it's
fucking great you know it's been kind of
flatlining for me though and I know you
won't care about this because you
haven't seen it but the chat might is
the new season of Legion okay that that
first season of Legion like that's the
you know the show about the Xavier son
oh yeah yeah in the comics he's Xavier
son it's you know a little nebulous in
the show but you know he's a psychic
with powers to literally alter reality
and he thinks he's a crazy person and so
then just trying to figure out like
what's crazy and what is me actually
fucking with reality yeah really great
season 1 of Legion is fucking beautiful
and weird and has a really unique
aesthetic and it's great season to it I
don't know if it's just because now I
expect weird and it's not being more
weird you know what I'm saying so you
want to be more fucked up I want it to
be more fucked up and it's already
pretty fucked up but it's about the same
level of fucked up that season one was
and there's no escalation and so like
I'm still enjoying it but it's it's
fallen a little flat for me I know there
was there was a psychic battle that was
shown to us as a dance battle it was
three different psychic Minds that were
fighting each other and it was shown to
us as a choreographed a dance sequence
because it's great
oh I'm still no I'm not so itself so you
do pop out itself huh interesting
I'm being picky with wrong stuff I know
I know I'm overall it's still it's still
a good show and I'm enjoying the I am
enjoying the the mystery and the story
of this season and good character
development I know I'm being picky I'm
still enjoying it but you know could be
enjoying it more no no of Isaiah they
weren't doing interpretive dance it was
an actual dance battle because that's
how weird the show can be sometimes
anonymous says
says nothing maybe hold on let me read
this okay I think I think we've had
enough politics for one night well then
just you know I'm just a lot of people
rehashing things we've already talked
about and so that's the real thing it's
just a lot of rehashing and so anonymous
I thank you for your tip don't we don't
don't about politics I know they've paid
for it yeah but if we read it we're all
gonna pay for it yeah first of all first
of all rich ten points ten points for
that for that wicked wordplay my friend
a ad taqwah says hey guys loved the last
best of the worst rich your look of
absolute shock while watching Faust was
priceless but Jack and J's sold the
movie for me yeah they loved it
legitimately
it's and you guys can't fully appreciate
how bizarre the tonal shifts are until
you watch it I really recommend given
that a watch going from the super goopy
body horror to Faust being quite
literally the mask just doing that goofy
rubber facial nobody's stop man
right it was great it was it's great
highly recommend highly recommend LaVon
what do you think of Kendrick Lamar's
Pulitzer Prize winning damn good good
for Kendrick it's a fine album fine
album Kendrick Lamar's damn just won a
Pulitzer Prize for a musical composition
and it was the first piece of what was
it it's it's the first piece of non jazz
non classical music to win Pulitzer yeah
so congratulations mr. Lamar this is
fine out fine fine album
radicals got me that's right
Rich's reaction is whoo he's one of them
hip hoppers but if you are into the hip
hop I do recommend given damn I'll
listen to it is a fine album that's the
thing I don't know if anyone knew they
gave up Hewlett sirs for music until
Kendrick Lamar won and I go what they do
this because finally like someone one
who actually has an audience who isn't
classical or jazz oh that's so
interesting
he's yes yes cinnamon he is one of them
talk singers you got it yeah no three 6
mafia won an Oscar I think three 6 mafia
was the first hip-hop group to win an
Oscar for Best Musical score is might be
what you're thinking about
your Grammy was that it I don't know
listen all sorts of all sorts of there's
there's a lot of awards happening lots
of awards
oh shit that's me right there oh yeah
they're all over the place
nice
these are these are lizards with lasers
you're absolutely right laser lizards
technically electric arrows I like laser
lizards better
there's no laser involved that's true it
just looks kind of like a laser and it's
funner it's more fun to say so what
exactly is the goal of playing through
this again many days it's enjoyable to
play through it but I was gonna be more
of a dick okay
many people enjoy video games because
they they bring you something we humans
refer to as happiness a challenge and
invention yes
you see it's enjoyable to go through an
adventure and pretend to be someone else
while going on that adventure this game
is quite enjoyable
ask if we're gonna do this right the
fucking master sword challenge oh yeah
yeah you will I can't even get through
these dweebs without taking damage
yeah well that's that's why I think it's
it's not a streamable that's that's like
a sit down like I'm gonna figure this
out kind of moment these humans they
enjoy this fun I shall try it
this reminds me of when you give the
doll her hairpin back and she goes east
what is this is this what you call joy
huh I am feeling something you might
know has happiness
hmm basically he's you know what he's a
cookie yeah we'll get to streaming some
other games a little bit this is this is
nice I know you know God of War is
coming out which we're gonna play which
will take up some time so I'm trying to
get through this as much as I can before
God of War comes out which old you just
takes up more of my time split your time
between both you know I don't I don't I
don't have that much time children
children children fucking the the
killers of time they're getting older
now so I'm getting I'm getting more
every year every day I get more time
back and it's a glorious thing sometimes
you don't know how much time you have
until it's gone someone wrote a song
about that once it was called the phone
song what I was reading Chet you said
something about a thong song and I am
now thoroughly confused where I wasn't
before it was just a really bad joke it
was just a really bad joke that I was
saying and it was it was a joke only for
me the sometimes you don't you don't
really enjoy something until it's taken
away from you can't really enjoy it
until it's gone you don't know what you
had told god someone wrote a song about
that once it was called the thong song
that was my joke god of war is going the
nine Uncharted last of us round maybe
maybe if maybe it did look like there
was gameplay and the bit of trailer I
saw he's got an axe
maybe maybe they've struck a better
balance maybe hey we'll find out and
make one of them videos about it where
we talks about him the great
it'll be great tired and sad said is the
Walking Dead's repetitious storylines
and constant use of gimmicks proof that
basing a series around a zombie
apocalypse is inherently limited I don't
know there's only so much in nihilism a
show can handle I don't know I still
haven't I still haven't seen much past
the first season sure I don't think the
premise of like zombie apocalypse is
limited I think the scope in which a
television production wants to move past
the actual zombies is limited if if we
actually moved forward like if they got
to like rebuilding and like actually
like rebuilding a simple societal
structure that could be really
interesting but of course you would lose
most of your fans because they just want
to see the zombies in the blood and guts
and so you don't have a you don't have a
limited story you have a limit in
ambition and scope but you know to me
that idea of like hey let's actually
start building could be really
fascinating but they're never gonna do
it because they know that their money is
made in the blood and guts it would take
creativity yeah and and it would take a
willingness to actually risk something
risking alienating your audience to
actually move the story forward the the
problem with the Walking Dead isn't the
nihilism or the violence or the
repetitive storylines it's their it's
their inability to move the characters
forward they've been stuck in this who's
the real monster bull
shit for eight seasons now we if you if
you think about it we are the walk-in
dead coral yeah we got that we got that
in the first season you dummy his friend
just died on him and he went to sleep
his friend literally fell on him and
died and and while he passed out he was
saying he was so freaked out that he
passed like maybe the weren't friends
maybe just didn't like him much so he
sees him dying is like a good that dick
had always ate my lunch right my name on
my sandwich every day and put it in the
refrigerator whirl coral maybe we're the
walk and dead Coral
did they really have to explain the
title no but they might as well have at
this point in the show I don't know if
anyone actually okay said that okay but
by the way I would not be surprised if
someone actually did no one would be
surprised if someone literally said that
so you guys heard how they screwed over
the actor that played Carl no I did not
i I haven't been paying attention to the
walking dead I stopped watching a bit
ago because I because I got fatigued
this is the worst situation we've ever
been in far worse than what happened a
couple months ago that was the worst
situation that we've ever been in so
what you're saying is it's like ultimate
spider-man it's it's exactly like
ultimate smite well we get ultimate
spider-man gave us a little bit of
character development okay okay it's far
worse than ultimate spider-man but yes
yes on on that note of everything that
happens is the biggest and worst thing
that ever happened and it's only going
to get
and more Worster but with ultimate
spider-man you know maybe maybe he did
something to further himself as a
character he got a new job or somehow
the Gina suave says you wish Walking
Dead was as exciting his ultimate
spider-man
was it not exciting I thought there was
a lot of murder it there there is a
couple really solid seasons at once you
get past season two which is a bit of a
slog near the midway point of season 2
like if things start picking up again
and it there are some legitimately good
seasons good gore dramatic moments neat
situations but then you know the worst
thing happens and then a worser thing
happens and then the worst worse earth
it worse testing yes yes and then they
finally find a place they can find home
only then the worst thing happens but
then then they move on and finally find
a place that they can call home but then
they discover that they're the real
monster you know you know it gets tiring
but there's like three maybe even four
good seasons in there okay so it's not
all bad it's just you know unfortunately
it's ended on a sour note for me so
that's all I can think of now
that I mean that first episode of The
Walking Dead is one of one of one of the
greatest pilots on television one of the
best zombie movies yeah not one of the
best zombie movie ever made there's an
argument for that absolutely it's rare
it's very good and I'd argue that that
whole first season is pretty all right I
think he got I think my big problem with
the first season is he got to his wife a
little too soon yeah I would have
preferred that yeah been drugged dragged
out a little bit drugged out yeah Ryan
why if you got bored with Episode one
then it's just not the show for you yeah
absolutely
I do I can talk pretty decent bullshit
had I had I'd taken that path in life I
probably could have talked enough
bullshit to to make a TV show or movie I
made the smart decision kept my sanity
and stayed in Milwaukee which I'm very
grateful for I don't think I would
thrive in a in a Hollywood type
situation I can talk enough bullshit
though to make some stuff happen I can
see Jack doing a Salesman pitch I've
pitched I've pitched in the day I've
made some shit happen that's just not my
scene though
like on the wrong way mi no oh no no
yeah you're there this is this is the
this is the crazy roundabout way to get
there you know which of course is the
scripted scene the scripted way to get
there I don't feel like try to climb
watching what rocks yeah
did you go to film school with rich Jack
I didn't meet Jack until seven years ago
right it wasn't that long ago and I
don't think either of us went to film
school so no no I did not meet rich in
film school
what that's usually my go-to joke when
I'm on a shoot when I'm on a commercial
shoot which is I I have a go-to joke hey
everyone
no one loves it but they all placate me
in laughs alone which is you know where
we get word like we're on a product shot
and I say oh well hold on we gotta we
got to focus here I just gotta take a
moment to focus you know that's that's
uh that's one of the first things they
teach you in film schools always have
you know I have the product in focus and
they go haha and I'm just I'm just
kidding I never went to film school they
usually get a kick out of that
they don't really but they placate me
and that's the nice thing I get fired
soon after yeah it's usually not a good
thing to say I know wah wah what are you
gonna do nothing you can't you can't do
anything
gave four quarters says with all these
nauseating Star Wars sequels coming out
from here to eternity do you think it
might be the right time for us
baseball's the sequel I don't know I
don't know man
no Brooks is getting up there it's like
he wouldn't be helming it probably at
this point would be my guess
yeah probably not I mean he's still out
there he's still you know yeah yeah he
still I've seen him in recent recent ish
interviews he still seems pretty sharp
yeah but is he gonna be directing a
movie right does he still have that much
chutzpah left in him who knows
Spaceballs the sequel that could happen
the search for more money that was the
joke and faithfulness I'll see you in
the sequel space falls the space falls
to the search for more money by that
token they have to do history of the
world part too but like yeah there there
is a decent-enough gag in just a
Spaceballs sequel i've just blatantly
cash grabbing an old franchise I don't
know if Mel Brooks cares to make that
movie probably not right my guess yeah
Mel Brooks is still pretty sharp but
he's also old enough where he doesn't
give a fuck about anything anymore
so he's not gonna do it unless he wants
to do it and and you are very right
ruthless donut eater 22 Jump Street
already made that joke and made it
pretty damn well
which one the the sequel as a cash grab
and okay dig and actually both of both
the Jump Street movies do a really good
job at making fun of the idea of digging
up old franchises for modern remakes
which is again why Lord and Miller would
be perfect for a han Solo movie that
Disney would ever want to make exactly
oh my god I did not deploy my parachute
I noticed that and I was very surprised
by that that's why I said oh my Gil I'm
people people aren't talking about those
Jump Street movies as much as I think
they should be those were those are
solid movies those are song you know
what did I see recently with uh with
Tatum Tatum Channing it I thought you
know what I saw did you see the Logan
lucky no no it's an interesting movie
you know it's it's kind of build as a
redneck Ocean's eleven yeah as they it's
a heist movie but they're their heist in
NASCAR their heist and money from the
bond yeah Daniel Craig is in it and and
kylo Ren is in it and Channing Tatum and
some other people Katie Holmes is in it
I was actually I didn't know she was in
it I was really surprised to just see
her in a movie again but it's alright
it's not great it's a little slow
because it's it's like Ocean's eleven
without that like style and flair and
you go oh that's it's kind of made
Ocean's eleven really cool is the style
and flair but it's like it's alright
yeah it's on Amazon if you if you're an
Amazon Prime member you can watch it for
free that's why I watched it I was like
oh yeah I remember hearing and stuff
about this movie we should watch it and
Lisa fell asleep so but I mean that
shouldn't be a marker she falls asleep
during a lot of movies but that's Karen
I know it's by the same director as
Ocean's eleven but it is also an Ocean's
eleven movie without any of the style or
Flair quite purposefully because like
they're going for a a countryroads
version of of Ocean's eleven so you know
it's a lot slower paced a lot it's like
Ocean's eleven with a drawl and you know
what it feels kind of slow and like a
drawl literally everyone in the world
significant other falls asleep during
movies why is that I think that's very
true
shakes don't Dead movies they just want
to spend times with their boyfriends
don't you think you think you think your
girlfriend wants to see transformers
maybe things I won't
doggish wants to cuddle I usually like
Lisa's pretty upfront with me what it's
like when it's time to pick a movie you
know like there's there's a couple
options and then you should be like well
oh I want to see that one but you know I
don't know if you'll like it you might
like this one so maybe we should watch
this one she goes no watch whatever you
want I'm gonna fall asleep I was like
okay well that's fair
you know usually she's pretty upfront
with me
where are we going anonymous says the
path to Zoro's domain is a great place
to farm arrows a hundred and fifty
arrows a run that resets every Blood
Moon there you go you know what that's a
quick tip quick Zelda tip from anonymous
you're welcome
yes sure hi rich says anonymous does low
does this whole cobalt issue my horse
falling off a cliff
yeah account as Jack helping you off a
horse the only reason I was okay reading
that is because that he definitely
messed up the order in which that would
have been a properly a properly funny
joke I'm gonna be okay with that
you tried anonymous you really did you
really tried and you know
congratulations tired and sad since
season one of The Walking Dead had an
episode where they explored the zombie
biology at the CDC which was like an
updated Day of the Dead pretty good okay
did you did you watch you watch season
one right yeah yeah so you remember that
you remember and when they got to the to
the place I don't remember the biology
lesson here of the dead yeah remember
like this like years ago sure sure they
did it they did a some slight
explanation some some meat
some meats you know story spoilery stuff
of course it's way past spoiler
territory button yeah and that was that
was good I actually I really liked it
when they were when they were there that
the the finale of season 1 pretty neat
over at the CDC
did we wash man in the high castle what
did you think if you did there's no one
to root for in that show that was my
main problem with it sure sure I want
man in the high castle yeah who don't
know is the the alternate history what
if Hitler won World War two and the
United States is kind of controlled by
like it's like split down the middle
it's controlled by Germany and Japan
right like Nazi Germany
well Nazi Germany like has everything
from the East Coast through the Midwest
and like Japan has just a little bit of
the west coast right right so yeah it's
a neat what-if alternate history thing I
watched the entire first season and
thought it was okay like you said you
don't really have anyone to root for it
everyone's kind of a scumbag yeah but
you know kind of interesting kind of
exactly when season two came out we did
try to watch the first episode tonight
cuz we know for all yeah we're okay with
season one and had completely forgotten
who everyone was and what they were
doing and they didn't do a recap they
didn't do like a season 1 recap or
anything I was like what's up who arm
what's going on who are all these people
and why are they doing the things
they're doing it was so fucked first
time I ever saw one of those to start
watching season 2 of never remember the
series of unfortunate events with Karen
oh yeah
Karen loves that series or should I say
I made a recap it's cute it's a cute -
Neil Patrick Harris Netflix he's hamming
it up and he's enjoying it he is having
the time of yeah fucking life I've never
seen an actor have so much fun and pull
it off like I've seen actors have fun
before but he pulls it off no and every
every time they mentioned like you know
sure people used to go see plays but now
they watch quality streaming television
at home and then look to camera it's
great that's oh that's a fun show that
Lemony Snicket
you can't hate Neil Patrick Harris it's
true he's just too good a dude so in any
case man in the high castle no one to
really root for you don't care you don't
care about so you don't care about
anyone so you don't really remember why
they're doing any of the things that
they're doing is I guess to the point of
it and I yeah I fell off when season two
came out and I just don't care we were
talking about man in the high castle and
now we're talking about Lemony Snicket
which is a very fun show yeah I don't
know how they transitioned but I'll
recap recaps yeah I think that's
important especially if they're like if
there's a large amount of time between
seasons fucking just put it on YouTube
make it simple like just put it out
there just so people can catch up and be
like oh yeah these are all the important
things that I'm supposed to remember I
think that's I think it's good season
two of Westworld is coming out soon and
I loved season 1 season 1 was great so I
think I'm gonna remember everything but
I yeah yeah little recap would be nice
the who did a really good job of that
since eight which is a show a Netflix
original show by the Wachowskis they
didn't do a previously on recap
yeah but they spent a good chunk of
season 2 episode 1 very naturally
reminding everyone what happened it was
just it was just solid writing like oh
hey and it was it cuz it wasn't anything
as cheesy as remember when this happened
months ago they dropped all the
important notes in the first 10 20
minutes I heard it didn't get renewed it
did not get renewed we are gonna get a
movie ending okay so they're gonna
they're gonna pile everything into a
movie just get it get a satisfying
ending
net fix Netflix is paying for or this is
something doing on their own I believe
was financing I believe Netflix is
paying for a guy whose high it won't you
know it won't be another season but
it'll be something for those of us who
liked it which and I'm sure the movie
will be a like if the movie is gonna be
two hours it's gonna be an hour and a
half of a psychic orgy and then like 30
minutes of wrapping up the story which
is fine there are a lot of psychic
orgies there's a there's a fair number
of psychic orgies and sense aides okay
so which I'm totally okay with it works
this is a science fiction show or a
fetish thing both it's a good size you
know it's it's a it's uh it's what if
what if people have an extra sensory way
to communicate telepathically with other
people in little clusters it clusters of
eight if you will sense eight Steve what
is the ongoing
I love this conversation yeah you know
now it's I like sentence eight cents
eight is worth it for the pure
filmmaking alone so you know they do
this thing where people have psychic
connections with other people who are
halfway around the globe right but the
way they shoot and edit those sequences
we're like half of the conversation is
in New York and the other half is in
South Africa the way they cut people
together in that conversation should be
taught in classrooms it's perfect and
beautiful filmmaking and it's classic
white cows quiche Locke alongside that
we're you know one of the people in the
cluster just happens to be a karate
expert so so so then anyone in the
cluster can use their karate expertise
to be AB in a badass fight it's great
okay
it's fucking okay convenient karate it's
it's it's my kind of movie I tell you
what
nope I think they made the sense8 film
wrap up in case the white ass keys ever
decide to do a matrix TV show that way
netflix won't have burnt any bridges
that's very possible say would there be
much hype for a Netflix matrix show
matrix is still name people know yeah
but do you care what happens with the
matrix university guy no no man I
stopped caring after after the movie
right after the first movie though the
Animatrix was pretty neat
I ain't seen it I've heard of it it
states neat you know it's just little
other stories in the matrix universe but
then you also have the bonus of really
neat and unique animation styles so that
was a little bonus yeah well and yeah a
lot of people like Hannah matrix that's
great Anna matrix is really neat but you
also get like I said different different
art styles that make it that make it
more interesting
really what if you running jumping oh I
just wrote long back up
Animatrix is better than 90% of the
matrix and Animatrix is easily better
than either of the sequels
easily remember how to do this and I
don't don't quite remember how to do
this pretty sure I just you guys may
like orphan black I like orphan black
nope
rich that is not how you do that that is
not how you do that wykowski Speed Racer
show a Speed Racer is one of those
movies that does not get the love it
deserves Speed Racer was a fucking great
movie did they do that yeah they did
them it got a lot of flack because you
know is one of those all CG dealios
everything was on a green screen but I
think Speed Racer is beautiful great
action over the over the top in just the
right way oh yeah
dumbass I'm just a dumbass smile
sometimes but you figured it out that's
the important part I don't think I ever
got her off that way
oh the last playthrough I don't think I
did that I presume responds I presume
don't watch Speed Racer on acid that is
that life let life tip right there life
tip I think speed race is great but I
don't know I don't know if they would
ever do a Speed Racer series just cost
too much money they don't they don't
have that kind of CG budget at Netflix I
mean did you see altered carbon they
don't they don't get a lot of they don't
got a lot of effects budget
go old-school make it a cartoon sure
sure sure sure
altered carbon made me realize they
didn't have a high writers budget yeah
oh man there was a lot of neat things in
Altered carbon did you end up watching
that at all no no there there were there
were a few really neat ideas and all all
completely blown all that potential
completely destroyed
Oh perfect perfect he did it having you
did it the ultra carbon books were so
legit show was that I could see that I
could see the books being good after
after the the show which fell pretty
flat I could see them being neat books
oh let's see here evil Lord David says
hey guys David here yeah I've been
playing Dungeons & Dragons lately and it
got me wondering if you've tried it or
would be interested in playing it on
streem one day thanks I love you both
now this is something that we've talked
about before which is you've never
played dynamic and Dragons no I tried to
play Dungeons & Dragons once I a very
good friend of mine was a regular D&D;
player and he convinced me to to go meet
up with his group and see if I would get
into it because I am very interested in
playing Dungeons & Dragons and I think
it's a game I would enjoy I went to his
group and they were not very welcoming
to an outsider and so I did not have a
good time and outsider amongst outsiders
exactly no one can be crueler than those
who have been cruel to that made perfect
sense but in any case I had a bad
experience so I didn't go back to it it
is something I think I would enjoy okay
you know making up stuff and and being
creative and and thinking of thinking of
ways around the puzzle and you know
rolling dice and making characters they
I think I think it's something I really
would enjoy okay I don't know if I'd
ever have the time to learn how to play
I'm rich I'm sorry jack
you shouldn't have had children one day
one day they'll be gone you should never
have had
one day one day I'll have time again so
how are we we caught up
we are almost caught up okay we were
almost caught up future future Jace's
jack i was listening to the Planet Money
podcast and they were talking about
student loans for people that couldn't
make ends meet afterwards I was
wondering did Clown College come with
huge debts no it did not
it was a relatively cheap course and
it's fine everything's fine 28th dress
says Jack a while ago my girlfriend told
me that she finds you very attractive
seriously this happened I've slowly come
to accept it I figure if I gotta get
cocked it might as well be by you what
can I say I'm a handsome dude and
anonymous says my Esso falls asleep in
the theater as well that's that straight
no its current really in the theater
huge Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
fan yeah huge movie yeah in the theater
like I could see you're on the couch
no no theatre that's crazy that's crazy
yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry to you I'm
sorry to anonymous anonymous has only
one movie ever triumph bombarding her
face with a volume and sound she could
not black out motherfucking man of steel
and I see superhero movies alone now
yeah that's that's that's totally fair
yes the Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
movie was bad doesn't change the fact
that she's a huge fan of the book yes
and still fell asleep during the movie I
just I much like people who are on their
phones and movie theaters I just can't
imagine like paying that kind of money
and then falling asleep we don't go to
the theater much right right that's the
answer we don't go to the theater much
no now I'm yeah not now see it now it's
got to be even worse work because all
the theaters have those super comfy
recliners there they're basically big
pillows with cupholders huh it's even
worse I think I'm done for the night
that was it
okay we're caught up we're caught up so
now let's switch over here now is the
point in the stream in which we thank
all of you lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
including my name is Tate who has
subscribed to us for thirty four fucking
months in a row and my name is States's
Amazon is killing my monthly
anniversaries pretty sure I should be
around my 90th month right now but huh
it's possible Dark Matter 433 fucking
months in a row says new razor blade
hats
bruiser Inc for 19 months in a row Wow
888 maybe max big mok's could be Mouse
telling on 444 motherfucking months in a
row
captain s WC for 17 months in a row who
says cheers mate he'll see young Halcyon
sunset Moki be 85 446 motherfucking
months in a row who says two months away
until four year anniversary OMG at four
years you guys have to dance for us
right that's fucking weird well we'll do
something
so you say we'll do so you say I got an
idea
I'm sure I'm gonna hate it Gareth Garros
clay dough 1 for 15 months in a row bad
Eddas i D I Hawaiian praying wow that's
a weird name well our that's true
gas can Prime
wiseass 781 ah Larry Kenobi 1-1 3-8
for 30 fucking months in a row Larry can
always says I have a joke for you
how did Darth Vader know what Luke
Skywalker got for his birthday he felt
his presence boring American Chuck Fox
for 13 months in a row who says you guys
want to go sledding no we shouldn't be
having this kind of snow in April this
is unusual
Ramon prestige Johnson storm Templar who
says where you can find love and Jack
can be right
I have hope to every every once in a
while I'm right about something that's
right so you you can you can to what he
who says oMG you eat it bugs --is hmm
Queen of the One Ring for 13 months in a
row who says appreciating the laughs and
entertainment even more this month well
worth my time to manually resub with
prime thing says then that's right you
know you have to hit that manual rescrew
resub button every month if you
if you subscribe to us with your free
Amazon Prime subscription which he knows
free for you and money for us
stick it to be Zoe's it's good doctors
so amazed for 36 motherfucking months in
a row yes III have I have to read this I
am obligated to read this it's part of
the time Alexa play fireworks sound
effect try to tip it's part of tip holy
fuck it worked well there you go
if they have the app installed you can
you can say her name and say Red Alert
and it plays the red alert sound from
Star Trek the original series just a
heads up if you if you're over at
someone's house it's very funny Zuki Jim
Joe gaming space show llama who says
streaming wars the winner is obviously
Amazon Prime video because of free loot
boxes in this very subscription that's
right Amazon Prime video some great
streaming quality you can even watch
livestream video game harman z4 27
fucking months in a row culture fist who
says hey like I couldn't do that one
justice Guido
anchovies Seneca 42 says love you guys
and all our LM Content pre-work prereq
shirts when is the demand of tubes
probably never when we feel like we can
sell more than
- is the is the answer goose belly
Walkman 12 dildo Calrissian the AC for
15 months in a row says hi hello I poop
glitter you do collecting data for 38
motherfucking months in a row
I'm on a whole new diet it's very it's
very shiny based it's very very unusual
collecting data because I'm not sure
their preferred pronunciation absolutely
don't assume their pronunciation says
married my best friend five years ago
we've been together 12 years it was love
at first sight my first words to him
were Kirk or Picard what do you say wait
what do you say what did you say
this is very important this is Vanna
White for collecting data because what
he said is very important there might
not even still be her we're gonna give
him a chance
Piccard all right I agree with that I've
got a keeper you got a keeper
I think they're both fine choices ah I
think so if someone chooses Kirk he's no
Picard he's different
yeah exactly death John for 17 months in
a row I'm completely lost my spot there
we go
kugel shrimp burn
I think sure sure we're gonna tribe but
yeah that could I don't even know what
that means though OOP OOP PP dad zag of
the axes 13 months in a row says yes
busy work season traveling all the time
but I still try to watch the stream as
much as possible thanks for 13 months of
entertainment you wanna do it again
baba yaga la la for 28 fucking months in
a row who says ya Cuza 6d okay Mario
Mario 42 446 motherfucking months in a
row says chapping malls on Amazon Prime
video is it worth a solo launch we're
only good in a group environment that
might be fun solo probably better with a
group better with a group it's it's not
it's not necessarily like an interesting
bad movie it's it's a good bad movie but
I wouldn't call it like interesting if
that makes any sense where it's like I
think you could watch the room alone
just to pick apart why and how and I
can't imagine watching the room alone I
think I think in that situation you can
watch that alone you just tell me I
can't even conceal I can conceive of
watching shopping mall
now a chap Mazda that's like that's a
group that's a group right there
so you have your two different answer
future future J who says future future J
says future future J says future future
J says hi grandma
Tarkin to plain Ernie says rich Evans
did nothing wrong all right rich you
pretty alright sometimes Jones live
sometimes sometimes you pretty alright
sinnerman 421 fucking months in a row
who says hey the sub is now legally able
to drink which is good considering I
have to to watch chat I don't I don't
know if many 21-month year-olds that's
how you put them down man yeah that's
how again we go to sleep rangas pu for
39 motherfucking months in a row
God eats bagels bagels
Skidmore Owings says hey Jack how's your
hog and there's a link to something
that's something I don't know what damn
croc 23 a rich with the Dragon Tattoo
gobbledygook for 44 motherfucking months
in a row who said some body once told me
the world it's gonna roll me and I ain't
the sharpest tool in the shed she was
looking kind of dumb with her finger and
her thumb in the shape of an L on her
forehead okay
five-thirty skeptic says hey guys
everything checked out the other Neil
Breen films dude sure does love playing
a hacker Jesus yeah I did watch I did
watch forehead findings okay I've talked
about this before
I've watched fateful findings and oh my
god
all right is all I can say what a
glorious day it's some day rich you some
day what what what I'm saying here is
with double down we've barely scratched
the surface of brains genius oh well oh
well it's so glorious JRR Lovecraft for
15 months in a row says just out of my
new job as an LVN what does something
nurse helping in the operating room
during okay cosmetic surgery LVN so some
kind of nurse something nurse and
assuming sure a level five nurse level
five nurse because they've stuck who
they stuck uh that actually they
actually could be accurate Roman
numerals in there helping in the
operating room during cosmetic surgery
if you're ever in redacted stop by and
say hello
yeah
no spam says oh right we're still
reading these wait this is the best of
the worst
Darth Darth Irv for thirteen months in a
row who says thanks for the continued
fun month after month would you ever
consider streaming any of the new
original Xbox games backwards compatible
with the Xbox ones like coulter or Jade
Empire neither richer I have an xbox one
yeah IDI boron for 19 months in a row by
the way we do a we do video games for a
living and we've seen no need to get an
Xbox
so they're they're having a great
console generation yeah we thought we
professionally play video gaming this
and I had an Xbox one for a little bit I
got nad don't really need it well good
yeah and boron for nineteen months in a
row
crooked spiral for 16 months sabio
Freston dr. Seberg that MC lucas for 46
motherfucking months in a row
who says you guys are the best almost
four great years can't believe it
what a wonderful day evil Lord David for
18 months as hey guys David here again
for 18 months in a row how far am i from
the stupid firecrackers another 18
months to the great firecrackers that
are of a value to our Goods continuing
subscribers they like it they all like
it they told me don't worry they told me
even if they say they didn't they don't
turds smuggler 44 who says hey guys keep
up the good work Jack hope you had fun
in Texas if you visit Austin ex let me
know and I'll tell you about all the
great burger places mustard isn't
standard here I did have a great time in
Texas why I found a really great
barbecue place Texas barbecue yeah they
did not fuck around with their barbecue
you walk it was one of those places you
walked in and immediately needed to
change all of your clothes because it
was like he just stepped into a grill
automatically just automatically gets
stains everywhere and he's like you
could feel it like you walked out of
there and it was like it was like you
were you were smoking it was gorgeous I
had a great time Texas
mr. Alex Reynolds for 19 months in a row
says Cobra a quick correction to
Chernobyl kinsmen who says mustard-based
barbecue sauce though I think that's
actually the that's Carolina barbecue is
not bad it's just it's different you
know they they do kind of the the the
the vinegar-based barbecue the mustard a
barbecue sauce and Carolina barbecue
that's not Texas barbecue they do
standard standard class barbecue soon we
were different barbecue huh - yeah
that's we were very good to extract him
where were you you were doing sobra
we're done are miller for 32 fucking
months in a row who says the coffee on
the laptop in fateful findings still
kills me to this day there's so many
things
Oh find a faithful findings there's you
the the the entirety of faithful
findings I was not physically prepared
for it was cuz I like it I was all I've
seen double down I can handle O'Neill
Bri movie you think you can handle a neo
Bri movie until you realize he has so
much more to give to the world rich he
has he has artistic value that is well
beyond our understanding as humans he
can dive deep inside an opposite reality
instead of hitting mute yeah I
accidentally hit the button that brings
us back oh sure so I kind of ruined it
oh I had it I was gonna keep on speaking
