May 9, 2018
Detective Pikachu, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/259701641
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/259705558
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/259707028
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9meT9m3QvY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wA9RxC7tWIg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvzC3qx-oyw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/994292659543007232

[Part I]
you didn't snow probably maybe hey hey
everybody what's up if if you can see or
hear us welcome to the stream we did it
what what did we do we were here we did
that we did the stream we're doing a
stream right now yeah we did it we did
we did it and Pikachu is here it's a
mighty accomplishment too much you know
after the near farcical failures I had
last week I would say it's an
accomplishment everywhere everyone is
aware by now
but I made a big mistake last week
Wednesday rich oh you're talking about
okay I made a big big mistake
where's biscuit we when we film episodes
here yeah and this you know this is
across the board for most of our shows
there's no one really behind the camera
I know I know and so usually what I do
when I film myself as I have you sit in
my seat I get to focus about right
because you know we both sit differently
and so you know the focus is never 100%
right but and then I sit down and say it
looks all right right but I got this new
camera that has a follow face autofocus
feature easy and for our last review I
used it and it worked great it followed
my face I was in focus all the time
right
for some reason when I recorded myself
for the God of War review autofocus
decided to say fuck you to everything
maybe maybe it's not such a great option
after all oh I learned that lesson rich
I went right ahead and learned that
lesson and so all of the footage was
unusable which is a real shame because I
thought we had a fantastic discussion
about God of War it was good discussion
really enjoyed a discussion so I was
feeling a little down in the dumps I'll
talk to you about it and we said yeah
you know we'll just go back to the
cartoons everything
we'll be fine and so I so then I wasn't
really happy about it said oh they hate
the cartoons like
right what what the fuck you gonna do
exactly that was the thing either either
you know at the time look like action
what you do animate and then everybody
hates a little spray art or we use the
footage of you out-of-focus which it was
it was so out of focus you wouldn't have
liked it right so then I spend all even
even a little out of focus is fine but
you know but here's the thing if it's a
little out of focus
I can fix stuff you know put a little
sharpening thing on it and put a little
haze on it like you can kind of fix it
so that you hide the out of you guys
okay
but it was so bad out of focus that it
was it was unusable yeah and so then I
spend Friday Saturday and most of sunday
editing the audio which is how I do the
animated episodes I just listen to the
audio and cut it up that way then later
put in the little cartoons in the
appropriate gameplay footage right no
problem
everything's going right but that's you
know two and a half days of work and
then I'm talking with Lisa about it and
yeah it's still a little down in the
dumps and she and and and she goes you
know instead of the cartoons why don't
you just like film biskits for her you
know like 30 minutes and just put
footage of biscuit over the entire audio
track I was like that's pretty funny
that is a pretty funny idea huh that's
my call you hover has like rich what do
you think of this idea of just putting
cat footage over us talking and you came
up yeah with your chair you came up with
a brilliant solution by the way thank
you it was I'm gonna call it a group
effort
yeah little bit of me a little bit of
Lisa a little bit of you I wouldn't come
up without Lisa suggesting just using
footage of biscuit exactly that's the
thing was it was and and so then as but
as soon as you said that like just put
biscuit in your chair and cut to biscuit
I was like that is so hilarious so then
I run my ass over here Sunday night pick
up a chair pick up the the backdrop pick
up all the stuff bring it home and film
biscuit yeah but but here is so here's
the the bad part and why the episode
isn't
until today is because I had to re-edit
from scratch all those edits to the
audio only didn't translate to the video
in it oh so I had to start all the way
from the beginning again I'm sorry it's
alright I'm so sorry
okay to sit like a switch turns the
video back on would ya wouldn't that
have been great wouldn't that have been
just great I don't know how things work
it would have been great but my
particular workflow didn't work out like
this so then you know get it all edited
pretty happy with it
it was actually done really early
Tuesday morning mmm
and so then no export upload and and
after I upload it as I always make it
happen - I watched the video and it was
it was so it was uploaded yesterday
morning yeah start watching the video
and there is a horrifying audio glitch
well what was the audio glitch you know
that part where we talked about the
boulder fight yeah and then I cut to
like the audio of the Baldr fight and
you know talk about the health
regeneration yeah all that right for
some reason it actually like it was a
really interesting audio glitch it
started like picking up a random audio
snippets from earlier in the timeline
and so you and I would you and I would
just be like so what's the problem with
that hey rich uplift good what's good
blows go and and for the entirety of
that gameplay footage the audio glitched
out and then it went back to normal
after that problem with the upload or
well that was the question so that oh so
I go to the video and the video has the
same glitch oh shit it must have messed
up on the export yeah so I go back and
do the export again to export it takes
like an hour and a half two hours yes
long video I do the export again have
the same glitch but in the timeline
everything plays perfectly huh exactly
and so then it's just like what is
happening so then I try to you know like
nudge the audio a little bit maybe maybe
add a fade-out just trick it trick it
into working okay just because it's one
of those things where it's like there's
no logical reason why it's doing this in
the in code when it's when it's encoding
to H point two four six or whatever
it hits a snag and then freaks out and
so is like oh maybe I can nudge it
didn't work and so I just started
exporting like the 30 seconds that was
broken and it kept being broken what the
fuck is happening right yeah I never
figured out what was wrong what I did
was normally what I do is I send my
timeline over to media encoder which is
a separate program that just encodes and
sends it off this time I exported in
Premiere only which is fine except for
you have to keep Premiere open the whole
idea about media encoder is that you can
do stuff in Premiere while media encoder
works okay so I export in Premiere and
everything worked fine I still don't
know why it freaked out but basically
that ADA ate up the entirety of
yesterday this is the video could have
been up yesterday
it's what you're doing is you're anti
plugging media uploader media and coding
your media and code what I'm saying
again reverse plugs what I'm saying is
Adobe the Adobe suite has some bugs but
any piece of software yeah that sounds
like a lot of hard work and effort yeah
get this episode it was it was very
difficult but I think it's a great
episode what our next whatever doing
that's right we're going to figure out
what our next what our next what our
next we do need to figure out what we're
gonna do next we do need to figure out
what we're gonna do next
let's get that pikachu up man i don't
know what we're gonna do next you know
what we're gonna do next we're gonna
we're gonna get our set figure it out
yeah what the fuck did you get a button
what
they started him in just film it on your
phone next time I I have a solution by
the way so the other thing with the with
the focus is I spent a lot of time
figuring out a salut le proof solution
so I have a solution that unless I
physically move something on the lens
everything will be fine for next time
okay so hopefully my dummy solution
right start from the beginning in easy
mode you can use auto focus I think
that's fine suggestion that first of all
that is a fine suggestion like I said
the the reason I use auto focus is
because when I use you to focus it's
still slightly off you know it's not
necessarily I'm a different height than
you it's we just sit differently right
so it's it's just not perfect but I
figured out a solution rich okay I got
me I got me a thing on a stand as a
focus mount that I can just put on my
chair exactly where I sit I got an app
on the phone so I can actually look at
the shop while I'm sitting there it's my
camera's Wi-Fi enabled so everything's
gonna be fine everything's gonna be fine
you want to start an easel know how loud
is this for you guys this is pretty loud
for us
detective Pikachu Oh
you can't teach rich to point the camera
at your face look I am talent okay
there there there's in front of the
screen and behind the screen
you know Sam rich is the face I'm
supposed to be the Wiz behind when I
don't I don't want rich has such an
important job here at red letter media I
don't want to waste any of his precious
brain cells with knowing how it handled
wake up okay so people can't understand
Pikachu
well we're hearing this in pieces when
he tries to talk to other people he says
pika baby just here pika pika yeah okay
I get it okay oh my god just a horrible
garbage monster in the sewer that's what
this is what pokemon would really be
like it's just horrible monsters
everywhere
I do something I don't somebody has to
do the bouverie exactly exactly so like
what what you think to yourself what do
you want from residence do you want him
on camera or do you want him futzing
around behind us the answer is quite
obvious Tim good man right turn the game
volume down it's too loud okay how's
that god damn these pokey moms they're
they're a nuisance someone should have
really exterminate them this is the
prequel this is why they decided to
start fighting them for money making
them fight for money like a squirrel in
a city park well he just jumped on a
dude the detective a mystery
understand I get it
the kid understands Pikachu I get it
he's a good guy remember I walk through
Grant Park in Chicago and just stop like
a hot nearby hotdog place I had a just
bag of french fries yeah walk into Grand
Park army of fucking squirrels and
pigeons just following me like I thought
they were going to mug me and take good
price because they if they understood
that concept they absolutely would okay
what you got something to do what do you
want who do you want to be Pikachu or
the kid shit I'll be the kid you'd be
the Pikachu
I thought they had actual audio well
they did but now we're reading okay so
that's it hey yeah but this seems more
important and I got here early so I
should be able to make an appointment
there's some place she needs to stop off
at i scan shows you the ways later okay
come on let's get these guys and get the
necklace back oh gee willikers oh shit
for this leave this child to me I'm
counting on you for the necklace what do
you mean leave this child to me all
right here we go we're moving
you were not prepared for this
no no this is this is a this is a
supposed to be kind of Phoenix right you
know kind of I guess oh shit oh shit I
had to do something what dragon yeah you
can't hit shit monkey Oh settle down
Pikachu I think it's a good thing
they're what I ate and said sad oh yeah
I bought you something
quick time event yeah I don't know how
much voices will be doing because there
is occasional voice work shit this is
intense
that music is over-the-top let me do
some detective Jack I don't know about
the story to a game play ratio here Jack
so far so far we haven't done much
detecting man stop this game please nope
not yet no it looks like this is going
but they shit made a mess of things
oh boy oh yeah hard to believe that
Pokemon can run amok like that haha in
the heart of the city
you Chi Chi willikers yeah well you know
you shove us in balls I mean they're
just rebelling man hey what the fuck do
you expect that slavery was outlawed
you know like century ago man we're
sentient beings sentient beings here we
got thoughts and feelings so yeah we got
a riot we've got a Pokemon we've all the
freedom I would love it if that was the
backstory to a Pokemon game just like
Pokemon are sick you shit man there's
sick of it oh yeah a little bit quick on
the button that pad yeah we'll figure
out where the
Aipom
you think waiting in no time yeah well
what you can do that a Pikachu but you
don't be like I'm a fucking talking cat
thing and just I just saw these ladies
here they can relax you know because
we're like hit the button I go we're
gonna get that necklace back or
something oh well here's the thing
don't worry cuz we're gonna get that
necklace back for you oh that's right
because I'm your interpreter Oh cuz I
can understand you I get it okay thank
you in that cases it's get right down to
the investigation that that's what
exactly will we do to investigate look
fuckin clues you you dumb shit have you
yeah I mean every never late for
something before you got a fucking brain
in there kid I eat on to somebody Jesus
Christ in the entire life you've never
looked for a thing is what you're saying
to me like you get hungry and food just
appears in front of you all right we
gotta interview witnesses ask people
around okay got it
alright yeah don't put down I always
carry a pen and a notebook
why just randomly I've gotta go I've got
a surprise really I mean Halloween how
many people carry around notebooks and
pens and papers is that like normal
people just expect to suddenly be a
detective but what if I want to write
something
oh geez you're a writer oh my god no no
like a thought or an idea or directions
to my favorite hot dogs
that's a pansy shit there kid just write
down the shit that the people say I
don't know okay got him pre your own
unique case list okay I got it
Nicholas it belongs to the girl but a
napalm took it and okay
okay we're gonna talk to the girl think
you can find it well you're no help I
wonder I wonder if she's gonna tell us
anything about this giant
a pom tail print on the thing here yes
about the a thumb Sean says yeah I was
so happy you gave biscuit proper credit
in the credits I did and I know that's
just professional that's professional I
did waver I did waver on whether or not
to give biscuit proper credit and I also
wavered on whether or not I would give
an explanation before yes good way I I
figured that was the right call I did
try that like I tried a little like Jack
messed up his footage so so here's
biscuit and it wasn't it sort of roll in
the junk yeah absolutely
but you know you gotta try some stuff
out cuz you're not sure what's gonna
work the and then it was like wrestling
whether or not I start with that y-you
know I start with that wide of you just
sitting while I'm getting the cameras
already yeah and I think that Hut just
helps set it up so this kid right over
my head alright so are we reading this
or not yeah I'm just kind of going
faster all right this is our first case
I'm not gonna really worried about the a
poms I don't know if we're gonna full-on
voices here well it doesn't seem to be a
lot happening yet but no end
conversation okay leftover BK XS sounded
like Jack wanted gotta for her to be
more of a parenting simulator we already
had that the game is called who's your
daddy
also Jack Taco Bell doesn't sell
cheeseburgers just an FYI I know they
don't sell cheeseburgers but my point
was what if one day Taco Bell had a
cheeseburger on their menu and then you
ordered the cheeseburger and then say
what are you an idiot that was my point
with the Taco Bell thing but nobody in
in the analogy or in God of War
neither of these people were selling
cheeseburgers yeah who tried to order a
cheeseburger no in in the game Mamere
says you should take them out of the
race and the kid instantly shit all over
that idea and then the big compass point
that tells you where to go next in the
game pointed away from the witch's Hut
the MIR said to Carla which Mamere said
to go to the witch and this and the kid
said I don't need to but the kid was
obviously hurt and Mamere said you
should go to the witch in there and you
know Balder said you should go with him
and you punched him in the face I want
to buy that cheeseburger I disagree
I agree with Jack for one listen I
understand this end and you know this
could just be you know obviously rich
and I are coming at this from different
perspectives this could just be me I
give this game 45 minutes this is a game
where you obviously have to pay
attention to what is going on I've known
and you're paying attention to zero
percent of it is zero zero percent of
the game we're gonna give this you know
a solid hour maybe anyway here's what
I'll tribute this to from my experiences
is just me as a parent
oh and so you know I I really think
that's what it boiled see it's not you
as a parent it's Kratos as a parent oh
no but I'm saying from my perspective
you know the kid is sick and even though
the kid is saying I'm you you yeah you
are a good dad well I try to be Kratos
is not a good dad
he's out of his element right but Kratos
as the main character of the narrative
is still someone I'm supposed to project
myself onto like Bayonetta like
Bayonetta like like you know what I can
see that Jack with you I first of all I
got the links to make it work I do I
have dancers legs I can't help that
about me second in Bayonetta you're
supposed to be the badass witch who
kicks everyone's ass that's that's what
you project yourself onto right and so
no the game didn't tell jack to go after
the witch the head on cray doses ass
said that but the game Kratos and the
kid all set no we have to go to the
compass point and I'm not I'm not
discounting that point
I'm not discounting that like the cut
you know the the the game said to go
somewhere else but you know let's let's
let's go on and miss all of these clues
because we're talking about kind of war
can I just like a look at that it's
obviously now if if like dishonored the
game had a pattern of letting you do
things
dishonored right dishonored has a
pattern of letting you figure some data
for did not have that pattern of letting
you do things God have or had the
pattern of this is this is our
experience we've set up go through with
it and I think that's a fair point and I
and and this was me you know figuring
here here's in games we'll get to
Pikachu in just a second in games that
are a little more linear but offer some
choice usually it's a stark a be choice
like you know think of thinking of like
by oh sure sure right sure not a lot of
choice in Bioshock but it you know like
it has that illusion so it has that a be
switch and so it to me this was a clear
a beast kind of war didn't have any
event it had open worldliness to it but
not like a story a be choice it had an
open worldliness
to it it had a it did have the go around
wherever in the map that you wanted to
all right you know I okay I don't know
why you would go to the witch's Hut I
just have no idea why because I would
even cross somebody's mind because in
the mere said to premiere Mamere planted
the idea in my head and that's what
that's what it made it so clear to me
Chad I'm not I'm not arguing with a cat
and losing I am arguing and we have we
have hit a wall we have a disagreement
and it's just not worth my time to bang
my head against the wall because it's a
wall
we just we just have a simple
disagreement and that's fine and
conversation that's not how you win
arguments sometimes you can't win
arguments it's just gonna read to people
who say contrary things over and over
again and you get nowhere
that's true
you know that's true and and this is a
this is a situation where I feel like
you know it's a very opinion based oh so
I'm just like the game hadn't done
anything up into that point was like
you're in charge what do you where do
you want this story to go next the game
hadn't done any of that it hadn't been
going on sure but it did have a free
roam element do you do you what you sure
do you want to go here do you want to go
there and so I assumed that this was
buckled in with the free roam all right
because Mamere planted the idea rich
please play this instead of Jack oh fuck
no you don't play the Pikachu I can't I
go I can't I go to the park
let's dig
okay great so what we learned is that I
would not accidentally stop on this D s
this 3d s because it's it's custom
custom moderns this is the custom modded
3ds that wouldn't capture video from it
that has the special out that we can
capture video from rights this is this
is one that rich cannot mess with the
one I inadvertently stole the cord to
yeah that's a break it so I'm so sorry
about that I really I really thought we
had another it's a pretty generic cord
so you would think that we would have
another okay Pikachu this is tutorial
this is one so we're just we're gonna
try to barrel through the tutorial like
yes I see the the ketchup print here and
then I need to go over here and see the
paint print like I see it
fantastic idea rich I'm pretty good at
games I understand how games I think I
think I have a pretty good understanding
of how things work in general something
I did tell rates you know we were
talking when when we got here about
games we do want to play after editing
you know I knew I did need a day just to
not play anything like just take a day
of input you know I actually might go
back to God of War now that I'm done
with the story yeah cuz I am I'm
completely done with the story and after
the story you can just go around and do
all the side quests now that have no
story I think I might actually enjoy it
okay so I think I am gonna go back to
God over here for so I hope I wasn't too
harsh on it wasn't like we talked to you
brought up pluses and minuses we did
some things we've evenly disagreed about
some things we just agreed about but
it's true we thought it was more of a
problem than I did yeah yeah no like I
said overall I think we had a really
like I'll totally agree with things like
yeah I could use some enemy variety
right okay and and like NES style
palette swapping right doesn't really
constitute a new enemy I'm so glad I had
footage of those the lava orc and the
eyesore and the and also like the
Guardian to he'll who's just a green orc
like come on you could have made some
kind of new enemy for the hello boss
giving a new enemy I would totally agree
with you and shit like that yeah yeah
yeah no this was not a like I said
that's kind of thing like you know it's
an eight point five seven nine point
three sure sure
eight point five just pulling numbers
out of my ass big grin didn't kill the
game oh my god
oh okay so what we've learned here is we
have to talk to people then find clues
then talk to people again okay see so
now there's new options to talk to
people about we can speak with frou-frou
and we can ask about the ketchup because
Pikachu here detective Pikachu can speak
to pokemons and she's has fruit fur as a
pet dog it's great this might be just a
game I play on my own so this kid not
realized today that he had talked to
pokemons or is it just this one Pikachu
he can't talk to other pokemons it's
only this specific Pikachu this specific
Pikachu he this specific Pikachu is the
only Pokemon that he understands so
Pikachu has to translate Pokemon to him
and he has to translate Pikachu into
humans all right but by the way these
kids this kid right now is an enemy of
the state as far as far as the worlds of
Pokemon is concerned because this kid
can now hat now has the ability to
communicate with any Pokemon anywhere
how does it make him an enemy of the
state though in the world of Pokemon
industry thrives on the exploitation of
these monsters they they make them fight
they use them as a free labor
they they exploit them all over the
place and all of a sudden if this kid is
like no the all of these animals have
complex thoughts and consciousness and
and are really intelligent beings it
would Rock Pokemon society they wouldn't
care you don't think at that point not
until the violence not if they built all
of their industry on it then then the
violent uprising would happen it would
take 400 years in the Civil War to clear
up this problem and then still things
would be uneasy
look Pokemon and it's not a
happy-go-lucky world man
no I don't think it is it's just not
okay
faint yes it was the a pom that has been
crazy
okay I'm not familiar with Pokemon but
they do anything with them other than
just collect them and force them to
fight
oh yeah there's like peripheral Pokemon
characters like for example there's like
the big strong bodybuilder Pokemon and
they work for movers like they've moved
by sixes and they don't get they don't
get paid for this presumably I assume
they get food okay they're animals you
know Pokemon are animals okay so yeah no
there's just Pokemon and different in
different work sectors all throughout
the Pokemon world I don't want to see
the Pikachu power plant right that's
probably not a fun place to be
exactly just just Pikachu's on a
treadmill like terrible they really do
they need the treadmill I thought they
did electricity things maybe that's
that's redundant I mean it's just when
they if you want to get that extra a
little bit more out of them I mean as
long as we're there here might as well
pump me or exercise them that gets them
stronger I just think they have them all
in like a cramp cage that's lined with
like a shag carpet yeah well then you
want them to move around to generate
that static rotating ceiling like that's
perfect
my phones in some better position
working yeah yeah you keep you keep
asking I don't keep asking it anything
that keeps the button he keeps getting
rusty okay we're getting there
yes I know the one had the ketchup one
went to the park one went to the bank we
know this already great well if we're
not going to read things I'm just gonna
get caught up on yeah yet again I'm
trying to get through this part so we
can get to the good stuff all right all
right slow shazbot says hey Jack hey
slim shazbot notice you're wearing a
fight night shirt on the last best of
the worst I was super excited for that
game and glad to see you're looking
forward to it too I I'm a Kickstarter
backer of fight night so I got the
t-shirt cuz it looks cool it's a for
those who don't know fight night night
as in like a knight of the round table
is a first-person pixel art game where
you play as a knight and you punch
monsters okay and it looks very
interesting and very neat but it's a
first-person melee game where you just
go around punch monsters and it has a
neat art style so it looks good they
have a way to go to sell me on that huh
they have a ways to go to sell me on
that sure I see I could see that okay
can I go now oh alright looks like
you've collected a good amount of
information it played the latest build
at PAX and it was great to finish the
tip they've oh good good yeah I'm
excited for its release I know I think I
think I got invited because I wanted the
t-shirt cuz I thought it was a neat
t-shirt design I'm in the tier where I
could play the beta if I wanted but I
said I don't feel like I'm way testin
cuz I'm excited you know the original
doom but you're punching monsters in a
dungeon
no I mean you you optionally punch them
but really who the fuck does that you're
shooting monsters in a dungeon yes I'm
I'm less sold on on first-person melee
though dishonored did it
so yeah that's true well we'll see yes
well it's that's I mean that's any game
right
gosh dang it I wanna figure out where he
found went the white let's see we have
testimony that the a pump split off down
different paths so Jack his cat is
beautiful biscuit and knows he's
beautiful and by the way hold on I mean
yeah we saw this one oh yeah
okay also we saw we saw the Prince so
biscuit was so happy to be in the video
by the way I set him up on the chair and
gave him a little treat and give him a
treat every once in a while and he was
so free like if you note in the video
his tail is wagging and he is just happy
to be there
and biscuit is less of a cat and more a
hair beast because like if you notice
that part of the video where I put him
on his back so he's belly is up he just
lays there and like normal cats don't
like to be on their back they like to be
on their feet but if you pick him up and
turn him upside down he'll just lay
there because he's a hair oh yeah and so
it was beautiful and so yeah he just i
got about 15-20 minutes of biscuit
footage just biscuit he's beautiful he's
beautiful okay so you said that there
that's right
any problem with the ketchup went that
way come on guys
next to the ketchup print I understand
this is the first case but okay great
great we did it back at on best of the
worst we wouldn't be able to riches well
no my and my cat is hypoallergenic so
rich could could power through night
rustic don says howdy sexy faces big fan
all the way from the United States of
Sweden curious what you think about Star
Wars bounty hunter lore story about
clones that George Lucas made no only
movies matter I don't know anything
about bounty hunter lore I also don't
know anything about bounty hunters lore
sorry oh my god he's dead just seems to
be unconscious
I'll see the necklace anywhere this is
horrible
that's a horrible image no it's great
it's horrible ah was that about the Star
Wars what what was that question the
Star Wars bounty hunter Lord do what do
we think of it I felt like I had that
was a starting-off point of a
conversation that I've completely lost
that I'm sorry I'm sorry Chad for us to
pursue it's this persistently only to
find that the necklace is gone and the a
pom is unconscious okay rich we're gonna
read now now we've started the game we
got we got a murdered Aipom
it's your Pikachu turn just like times
like these we need to calmly sort out
the situation now why don't use open up
your notes like you stood there earlier
kid okay case notes hey open find the
necklace okay no problem case notes turn
the 3d on I don't think this game
supports 3d really yeah I'm not seeing a
difference on the screen okay
we should investigate the scene all
right
look for traces of the incident by
investigating the scene where it
happened there in other words this place
you're so helpful Pikachu you say all
the words all the time it's got a letter
find scratches maybe it was knocked out
and a quarrel with someone like a fight
there's something look
holy fuck he rolled over Jesus Christ
says oh wow what about this feather
feather it looks like a piece of shit
maybe maybe the desk needs more
resolutions to it so I'm gonna cockroach
looking thing but Ally finds a feather
whatever his New York his cockroaches
everywhere
cockroaches everywhere in New York pokey
city I don't know what they call shit in
this universe
punky Pope city in pokey state that's
pretty much yeah that's usually like
they have a theme like they're named
after colours or flowers like what is it
blue Ted is blue town it's a deep red
from the ketchup and berry yeah yeah
yeah yeah berry right certainly not
blood it's not blood no it's a spicy
berry so it doesn't seem like it would
have been holding the berry to eat it
what yeah that got added to the clue you
see see in this section of the game rich
I need to move my cursor around until
thing says it's a clue
leaves yeah they're wooded with it
leaves it seems like that grass that
grows around is it's what they do
so then it should be very surprising
that there are leaves next to where
there's you know leaves everywhere
by jiminy that's a clue that leaves by
the leaves that are everywhere but you
didn't it's a soft drink can maybe the
Aipom was drinking it if anything it
seems like trash empty
perhaps a troll dear
their garbage can go over and look at
the garbage can do you get it you're
gonna find more clues buy their garbage
can
what I'm gonna spell it out for this kid
because she looks dumb you don't look
like you knows too much a beat-up copy
of today's morning paper Oh details a
nice down Highway incident adds a tough
read because it's ripped are you saying
it's garbage
it's a newspaper but nobody reads us yes
it's garbage now they have the Internet
webs isn't that what they use now all of
them all the webs yes
signs of a quarrel lost Nicholas it
seems pretty certain that the poem was
attacked by someone or something put who
Jesus Christ I don't fucking know we got
a gag oh look at that garbage can maybe
we'll find out got it no problem we'll
start with the unconscious a pup wait I
already did he was beaten into some
leaves and some newspapers and fell into
a Barrett he had a berry in his hand to
be fair
it's like a berry from that tree over
there so I guess it's possible that a
pom was trying to take out its opponent
with the berry I don't care about any of
these clues this game is for babies you
know it's easy well every animal and
this is a Pokemon so rather came from an
animal yes but did you watch any other
twitch streams sure rarely all right
that's fair me as well clearly I said
you saw the question as a child didn't
the grand Pooh Bear every now and then
okay carlsagan42 okay he's not very
rarely though yeah every once in a while
I'll catch a stream here they're just by
people or I've started I started having
a banana on the background some art
streams I'm like no people painting
streams and people doing Photoshop work
and it's just like it is just nice just
to see someone create something in the
background that's always nice that's
good no I don't I don't often have a
chance to have like just noise in the
background but that's nice
who is the owner of the black feather
what yeah I know
I'm looking for a garbage can cuz I
obviously have to find a garbage can
there is a garbage can boom
it's empty rich so much for clues who
did they pound was just in a quarrel by
the tree over there has he calm down
yeah oh good I was scared so I didn't
want to get too close now I can do my
job
oh yeah it can be dangerous to me in the
middle of a fight so as they pump
fighting with another Pokemon did you
see anything sorry but I don't know I
kept my distance burr problem tell us
about Pokemon in the park there are four
kinds Parker's fighting in the three
areas in each area has a different
assortment a bird Pokemon living in it
bird Pokemon in the mountain area we
have hid doves what if what if it is
cafe area
Taillow is in the calf area which is
completely check I'm keeping an eye on
you guys yeah
just ask another question
great we did it what about you what
about you dumpster nope hey palms just
just dead just sitting there dead Said's
dead no no they go out of their way in
fact say he's not dead okay look at that
imagery he's not moving at all right
I think in the close-up he might have
been breathing so there's no ambulance
is coming right no nurse joy to save the
day hey dude
the guy says I'm busy and so now we're
saying like what are you busy with help
me out with my case so he's looking for
a pen he's looking for a pen is the
feather a pen
unlikely
wow there's no I don't think ok ok you
can't show him well here hold on maybe I
could no I don't think I can like give
him a thing ok
couldn't saw many XS don't think elderly
men elderly as ice and I'm swimming I've
watched these streams since the summer
before College
we are only we're not elderly
middle-aged Jack I'll think middle-aged
this is the stone's throw away from
elderly Jack this weekend is graduation
ready for home yet but seriously thanks
for all the fun streams clinical
depression and laughs you're welcome
sorry chin says hi guys finally able to
catch a stream just stop by to say I am
totally ok with this Pikachu riches
cannon Pikachu rich they use
how the furniture says rich come up with
a dumbest name for a Pokemon that you
can who could chew
Lucca chew jag have you seen why don't
you play in hell it's fun Japanese
action movie filled with gore and the
magic of moviemaking no no I love the
title though I love the title okay you
know what I was thinking with it with
all the craziness news that was breaking
last week you know what I was thinking
would be a really great title for a
movie
cocaine Mitch cocaine Mitch yeah
wouldn't you see him wouldn't you watch
a movie called cocaine Mitch they were
said there was that uh there was that
fringe candidate who was running for
like governor of a state and he started
going after Mitch McConnell calling him
cocaine Mitch okay okay in his campaign
ads and like I heard that name I was
like huh I would definitely watch a
movie called cocaine Mitch you don't
think no that's not doing it for me I
think I definitely would it so here he
in my head here's what cocaine Mitch
would be about it would be very similar
to the crank series specifically cranked
to high voltage in which someone has to
continually do more and more cocaine to
like finish the their crime spree or
their heist so the cocaine Mitch those
that one of the Golden Plover come why
don't you play in hell
why don't you play in hell great Don
Beveridge says you tell the crew to push
the Whopper button do it Proust Inc says
the biscuit cam was borderline
experimental and it paid off great your
virtual acclaim Congrats boys I'm glad
you liked it
reg if you still not seen the Godfather
watch him
you have not seen the Godfather I know
I'm a horrible person
hmm a horrible means uncaring person no
you know that's just uh that's a normal
sorry Jen says but that being said
you're gonna hate trying to play this
game on the stream yep my very shameless
mention of Phoenix right here uh yeah I
will hate playing in a stream I do hate
playing it on stream already I am you
for speeding through it what do you mean
I don't know I was all set like read
shit and then just wanted to skip skip
you got you got right into skip mode I
did it's probably my fault yeah watch me
go like that
I'm getting out of here yeah I hate this
already Mouse yeah let's move maps
alright what point do you think we
should just do something else then maybe
when we're like an hour in cuz then
that's a nice
all right that's a nice all right all
right oh okay here's a cafe in in theory
no I mean I've already done it on my own
but I'll let you replay them I could do
the the hard trial of the sword oh shit
yeah you've art so you beat it yep
congratulations the hard now that you
saw me get my ass kicked in the middle
trials yeah hard trials only took me two
tries really that's great
just the wind section just throw me for
a loop no sure I couldn't handle it I
kept letting good weapons fall off the
edge yeah okay well you could you could
attempt the one-hit obliterator
challenge oh yeah I think I have a file
I could try that do you have all the
divine beasts I might uh they're fine oh
not on this file oh okay well I stopped
playing so I could play them I didn't
have you have you been have you been
seeing speaking of the emulated version
of breath of the wild have you been
seeing all of the play as zelda oh yeah
they've been they've been hitting the
regular new psychos just like look at
these amazing zelda mods they did the
plays link'll mods already done yeah
yeah and now they play a Zelda but like
the Zelda mods have like their own voice
animate their own voice cues like
detailed animations I'm very jealous I'm
gonna turn the sound down even more
unless you turn the music off people are
complaining about the music it's very
repetitive
okay I don't know if that's an option
Pro Austin says also what is the best
American science fiction film ever made
I go 2001 a Space Odyssey with originals
Planet of the Apes and Terminator close
behind says I see alien as more horror
than sci-fi well this is have to be
cerebral because I mean Robocop's pretty
fucking awesome I love Total Recall
I'd put Robocop above Total Recall but
what was the quick view if you replace
Arnold Schwarzenegger with with Harrison
Ford you've got yourself far more
cerebral film the reason Total Recall is
hard to take seriously is because Arnold
is a cartoon character and of course
he's a secret agent but if you get
somebody who's plausibly just a normal
schlub like Harrison Ford rides the line
Harrison Ford is perfect yeah you can
buy here that Harrison Ford he could
either be a normal dude yeah or a super
secret agent and then it's a bit more of
a question okay sure sure
Harrison Ford just just casting Harrison
Ford alone makes Total Recall 70% more
cerebral well and then you'd actually
have like a real actor who could handle
a range of emotions beyond screaming
yeah originally it was Patrick Swayze
that's not a bad choice either yeah that
could have worked but Schwarzenegger
total cartoon character and it's fun I'm
not hating on Total Recall by the way
because it's fun but uh fucking fucking
Dark City is great I want something
that's a little bit more cerebral it's
asking for they're asking for cerebral
sci-fi or why don't I blog that's the
question I'm saying if you want like
sci-fi can be be schlocky like this we
did Robocop oh that's great that's great
I don't know how well most people would
think it aged but I've always been fond
of Logan's Run
what a fantastic sci-fi movie Logan
Logan's Run takes place in a
post-apocalyptic world but Humanity is
survived because there's some people who
have like they're in like a big shelter
there's big fancy shelter it's like a
little little mini paradise under a dome
but they're able to maintain this
paradise and manage resources by killing
people when you turn 30 once you're 30
you are put to death yes for anyway you
guys probably know like the imagery of
Logan's Run even if you haven't seen it
it's the one where they have the crystal
in the hand and when their crystal beeps
it's time for them they've turned 30
they've turned 30 but they're unaware
that they died is that it like they get
like so they make some ceremony out of
it like rebirth right right yeah I
figured what they actually call it
renewal or something they call oh I
think that's it
that's some ceremony where they get
dressed up and the thing comes down and
zaps them all yes yes and so it follows
it follows our hero who is kind of
gliding along in life and you know just
well yeah her hero hunts down the people
who try to run who try to flee when they
turn 30 they try to escape and his job
is to hunt them down and murder them is
that it yeah oh man it's Sandman he puts
them to sleep fucking love Logan's room
it's great it's great movie like one of
the first scenes in the movie is he just
orders up a girl because like because
they live in a utopia where all of their
needs are met all the time they just
have a service where it's like I want to
fuck someone and they they predicted
tinder this that's exactly what it was
like I want to fuck some on her and some
lady gets teleported to his room and
she's like and she's like yeah I don't
feel like fucking he's like then why you
on the teleporter right
why are you on the fuck out Ron 8,000
and they get into a whole like morality
argument he's just like I was just
looking to fuck someone later it's great
is great
and and then like you you kind of reach
a point in the movie where you think
it's legitimately going to end but it's
only a half hour in and a whole another
movie starts that's equally great
Logan's Run is great yes Logan's right I
need to re-watch Logan's Run no thank
you
no sanctuary and if you're horribly
confused right now
you haven't seen Logan's Run the fuck
Tron 8000 yes the fuck oh Tron 8000
that's a patent pending they did for
that was exactly tender i I wonder if I
wonder if we look back at Logan's Run do
you think the he swiped that off like
he's like like they got the idea I
wonder because I think he goes through a
couple of them right he goes through a
couple wait like so yeah feel like
fucking that don't feel like fucking
that I wonder
the fuck is this kid doing I don't know
I'm done all right I give up we'll find
something else to play cuz I can't I
can't do this I can't do this in stream
this is too much this is too much
goodbye Margaret Mead says you guys need
to read audiobooks I would buy this shit
right
I can't barely talk let alone read can
you imagine we trying to read somebody's
writing and it would just be all fucked
up it would not work I almost did record
an audio book recently but stuff got in
the way
yeah and just timing and you know like
the the the medication thing was was
going on and I just completely ran out
of time and motivation but I came very
close to doing someone's audiobook okay
it is something I would be interested in
eventually all right so we're done with this

[Part II]
it's noisy cuts uh okay hold on we got
to put the green screen on us and then
we go Kaimuki and then we go do you rich
do you consider Fight Club a sci-fi
movie no I don't what's science fiction
about Fight Club nothing he just has a
brain condition it's not necessarily
science fiction it's a psychological
movie yes you don't have like a space
brain condition if his robot brain was
projecting a split personality onto him
then the his his specific split
personality might might not match
real-life cases of multiple personality
syndrome you don't talk to yourself and
think you're talking to yourself alright
that's not that's not enough to make it
science fiction in my book no no agree
agreed we're gonna do here is change
that yes the thing is totally science
fiction the thing is absolutely science
fiction Fight Club is fantastical and
maybe even slightly future but not
exactly sci-fi and what way is Fight
Club even slightly future I was going to
ask the exact same question what sort of
future tech not even just tech just
future anything nothing nothing I want I
want whoever wrote that to think about
that for just two seconds making soap
they make soap today they made soap two
hundred years ago
it had a video rental store it had a
blockbuster video people it is Fight
Club is 0% science fiction 0% get it
together people get it right together ok
we are now good to go we will go over
here I'm gonna close up my 3ds I'm gonna
update the stream just my controller out
of juice that would be bad
well oh whoa we'll do the same thing
we'll plug it into the laptop if there's
an open thing okay hold on let me update
our thing assuming this thing
okay
what am i doing what's happening what's
going on okay I'm updating the stream is
what's happening to breath well there
you go
for the ps4 yeah we moved the HDMI cable
for to the ps4 is what happened
great alright we we see no signal yep
give it a second there it is there it is
this is gonna be a riveting YouTube
video well so now you but now it cuts
right here right here
sure alright you wanna hit the end again
so you know when to start no I can see
when the zola comes on yeah that's
beating up sorry great rich must absorb
a lot of light it's very dark
how do you look you can see that screen
better than I can are you very very dark
there have a very very dark okay I can
kind of adjust while you play you keep
playing all right so so Jack hey rich
because YouTube has been pushing it yeah
have you watched any of that Cobra Kai I
have not but I've heard good things
about him I've heard I have heard
positive things about Cobra Kai I've
started watching it with Karen oh yeah
and I'm gonna have a nice thing to say
about it oh my god the the very first
episode yeah it's just fucking it's it's
fucking it's fucking classic it is
textbook
somehow to make your protagonist
sympathetic okay it is fucking textbook
that's great they take a character who
in the original Karate Kid the bully
right yeah is the bad guy biggest
fucking jerk in the world the first
episode of Cobra Kai takes this
character last time we saw him he's a
fucking dirtbag yeah and they make you
give a shit what happens about him and
care about him that's great
they make him shockingly likeable for a
character who is still kind of an
asshole Oh still he's still kind of an
asshole but you you understand why and
you're you're rooting for him to get his
shit together
I think I gotta watch this Cobra Kai
yeah all right yeah
III yeah there's advertisements for it
everywhere and yeah I'm excited
whoa he was not the bully yeah I was
there's an argument made that Danny
provoked him at every step of the way
even though it was kind of an asshole I
don't know that I'm 100% on board with
it you can you can probably nitpick but
because of the tropes of the time he he
was the stereotypical bully and he was
meant to be the bully and even if you
can point to specific things in the film
you say well really Danny provoked him
us as the audience is supposed to think
of him as the bully you remember that
scene with a dress like skeletons and
they beat the shit out of him yeah he
provoked that by like turning the shower
on on he provoked that right totally now
they're wrong to beat the shit out of
them but up but he only did that because
they did something first no none of that
scene no none of that scene but earlier
they did something like months later go
over it no months or not months not
months later earlier they did something
to provoke Danny doing the water thing
what yeah no I I watched the thing and
it's not that clear it really isn't
Oh yep there is you're right Danny is
the first person to throw a punch Danny
is the first person to throw a punch
yeah well I guess what I'm saying is
they are coded bully as an audience
member
sure for for the shirt for the kids
movie they are the bully so anything
Danny does to them is okay because
they're the bullies but there is also
the other argument is that the dojo
teacher is the real villain of the
credit sure oh absolutely
I even think at the end of that Karate
Kid you're kind of sympathetic towards
where's the bully losing right so now
this is like the hardest of the tribe
this is the hardest of the trials okay
you know cuz he's pushed by the by the
dojo master right kind of like how the
Nerds are terrible people in Revenge of
the Nerds exactly exactly there there's
just like you know and obviously these
are dumb 80s movies and so that like
there's that that like the movie
shorthand you know bullies bad guy nerds
good guy and look I'm I'm just saying
the argument has been made not that I am
100% on board with it
I'm not saying Danny Larusso is terrible
horrible and the real villain I'm just
saying there's there's an argument sure
sure
Bufo know in 1944 says Jackie you are
never allowed to stream detective
Pikachu again I'm fine with that I'm
absolutely fine with that I might I
might play it in my free time but
probably now that that just did not work
out very well that did not work out very
well at all
and I'm okay with that
I used the word tropes so I'm only about
I'm only about halfway through it but I
the thing that stands out of me most is
that first episode of Cobra Kai yeah
extremely effective oh okay that's good
oh so okay so here's the issue with our
green screen you just noticed it got all
fizzy and greeny right and it got all
fizzy and greeny when the big TV that's
right in front of us went to all black
because we're no longer getting that
light source and so the the reason why
we have green screen issues is because
we have a giant television in front of
us we're gonna we're gonna start this
again okay so up as you see it gets
darker and so now we no longer have that
light from the TV coming in to us and we
have a different camera today because
Jack was an idiot and forgot the nice
camera at his house my problem
so actually hold on I'll see what I can
do to fix this oh yes mess with the
lighting that's worse that's far worse
oh okay terrible at our jobs we are
terrible at our jobs
we're not the best I don't think we're
terrible and yes Cobra Kai references
that Danny's came Creek kick himkick
crane kick yeah at the end of the
illegal event I'm playing the game and
my attention is split the Cobra Kai does
reference that the crane kick it uses at
the end of the Karate Kid
wasn't a legal move it's totally easily
kicks him in the fucking face it is not
it is not ignored by the show some kind
of looks alright that should fix most of
the green-screen issues I turned up the
ambient light so that should be that
should help miss Cobra Kai a sequel to
Karate Kid yes yeah - all of them - the
Scott Baio not Scott Baio Ralph Macchio
Karate Kid yes it has it has the same
actors in it right uh yeah it's even the
same actors and it's like timeline
appropriate where it's the the same
actors in there this age so now it's
like oh the the the the guys from Karate
Kid are now old men and here's where
they are now
Hilary Swank new Karate Kid does that
take place in the same fictional
universe that one I believe it does
because mr. Miyagi trains her oh where
the the Jaden Smith Karate Kid is just a
reboot cuz that's him in Jackie Chan
right the new I want to say it's called
the new Karate Kid that's one with
Hillary Swank right no that's one wait
yes it's called the new man the reboot
is just the credi kid exactly Oh God I
that's what I believe
I have not seen Hillary Swank you
haven't seen the Hilary Swank one I
haven't seen well I haven't seen that
one ever I did not see her in the covert
guy either
oh okay she I mean you never know Hilary
Swank's weird she might do it
just like I'll be in your episode yeah
I mean they mention the shit out of pat
morita but that's understandable well
absolutely I absolutely agree
ed Oquendo says hey do you guys have any
experience getting a raccoon out of an
attic no asking for a friend
is this something someone can do on
their own or should the landlord get
involved if they have a landlord let the
landlord get involved because raccoons
can be incredibly dangerous and they
could have rabies
so don't fuck around with that oh I
still got you son of a bitch that's
that's horseshit is what that is yeah
Lanta landlord that 100% that is that is
not a renters responsibility
eh that's right QB Eagles QB Eagle says
a bas always be assuming rabies always
when dealing with wild animals just
always assume they have rabies not the
worst advice because ya betta
boo-boo-boo-boo-boo club break boxes yes
is it will all right I need to break all
the boxes
I need almost robbed me gotta get their
meat raw fucking meat
oh wait dagger 18 says hey Jack and rich
what's the dynamic like when you guys
have a guest on best of the worst
do you guys I have to like you know
we've recently the most recent best of
the worst is up now Simon yeah whatever
his last name is do you remember
Simon Simon Simon the the quasi famous
Hollywood writer was on and you know
obviously it's different just because
there's someone new but I don't think
like nothing really changes not really
you know it's like you know we I was
gonna say like the the the only thing
that changes is there's a longer period
before we start watching movies just so
we can all shoot the shit like hey a new
guy to shoot the shit with Simon Barrett
Thank You sinnerman
what is he doing
hopping just hopping that's fine
I'm hop jack uh-huh and I was I was just
really happy I had a really good ball
drop this time really really fantastic
ball drop with the pen so no I have no
idea how Simon ended up here I don't you
know that's not our jobs that's not our
department we show up and we make the
jokes about the movies that's our job
but nice to have him he was fantastic
yes gave it gave us a little gave us a
little prior insight david pryor insight
something we hadn't even accounted for
for as David Pryor does not have nudity
in his movies which given the amount of
like gratuitous cleavage and crotch
shots in deadly workout I was rather
surprised to learn that as soon as it
was shocking yeah and given the amount
of you know like braless 'no sin man
killers but they won't cross the nudity
line i thought that was an interesting
little tidbit good christian folk is
that what they're I'm strongly sure why
not why not man Bing nice shootin rich
thank you
nice you probably shouldn't be using all
my arrows yeah you only have 1312
its effective it is effective but you
know you also have like enough
disposable weapons at this point where
you could throw a couple yeah but I
don't wanna get too close to these guys
sure Aswan slinger says nudity costs
more that's by the way that's a really
reasonable explanation for why they
don't have nudity in their films what
did he shot you know I walked into them
Oh the spikes yeah I like that guess but
he looked like he was really uneasy in
front of the camera well it's it takes
getting used to it legitimately takes
some getting used to to be comfortable
in front of the camera there's a there's
no blaming them for that
oh nice you nice shooting
you did it you did it
everybody's first visit is usually rough
I mean it's it's tough you have to you
have to act natural it's a performance
but you're also just chatting with your
friends I don't know I don't know that's
even true well rich you've been doing
this for how many years how many years
have you been in front of a camera no no
the first visit Fergus isn't always like
for one for one jim's visits have never
not been awkward and that's what makes
Jim great okay that's true that's true
I want to say both Jim and Colin kind of
have a special a special aura about them
that that's great Jim and Colin are
unique
Jimmy go over there Corky that's a
better way to put it yes Jim and Colin
are quirky
fuck me the teddy bear airbag vid that's
a lot of Hearts random lightning strike
really yeah yeah that sucks
due to doomed tiny dwarf says hey have
any of you read or heard about the manga
no I could I don't even need to finish
that because the end I mean for if it's
gonna be now berserk it's a dark fantasy
that inspired games like Dark Souls and
blood-borne it might be something you
guys would be interested to read
probably not
I played we played the game remember the
the dynasty Warriors like right though
so we played a bit of the berserk game
and that's as far as we got with berserk
manga
dudu child of furniture says what are
the earliest what are your earliest
memories of playing video games being a
filthy millennial my earliest earliest
memory is playing Rayman 2 on the ps2
pong and pac-man pong game pac-man oh
yeah these memories pac-man in the
arcade and remember the Atari 2600 sure
which is why I can say it's a piece of
shit sure that's there for me it's pong
my my grandparents had pong for 4 they
had pong 4 which was a standalone
shameless it was pong four different
ways is what it was and it was a
standalone box with two you know
controllers with dials on them and I
lived right next door to my grandparents
and so we would spend a lot of time over
there and they didn't they did not have
many games and so it was pong for and
then you know in my own in my own world
like outside of that probably my
earliest like fully formed memories and
keep in mind that my memory is very very
bad was when we had we had like what
what system did we have growing up you
know like eventually we got a Super
Nintendo and you know we had a Nintendo
but we didn't play the Nintendo super
much but the first system that I really
remember when I was a teenager was
having a Sega Saturn
the first Sega Saturn well that's like
when I'm a teenager it's like I'm really
into playing games we had a Sega Saturn
I'm sure my mother got it at it like a
rummage sale for like ten dollars it's
like hey you like the video games right
and so yeah the first I remember is a
Sega Saturn it we had like gex Scud the
disposable assassin
and like you know a Madden game I'm sure
but the Sega say you know and before
that we had you know we had Super
Nintendo like I remember I remember long
bouts of Super Smash TV and off-road
super off-road we played that a lot but
but a man I remember gex and Scud the
disposable assassin Jack when are you
guys gonna try out detective Pikachu
well dream fapper you might be just
showing up or that could be a joke but
we played it for the first hour of the
stream and decided let's play it anymore
did robbed robbed go around Milwaukee
handing out copies it's good
no but later in life you know if I die
fuck it I'd rather save those items and
cook them do you think yeah when's the
next things you know how close are you
doing cooking close but close button
sure for those who don't who don't know
Scott the disposable assassin is a
popular indie comic book that got turned
into a game define popular the world's
tallest midget right it's right They
Might Be Giants is a popular indie band
like not many people know about him but
you know it's it's in there right it's
it's a scud the disposable assassin it's
out didn't he
am I wrong did he'd not go on to do some
Vader's him was that him was at the same
guy you're thinking you might be
thinking of Honan Vasquez you don't
invest games is that the same guy it's
good no no Rob schrab
went on to I he wrote parts of community
I think okay he's been around
and what has Rob schrab done he did he
did a really fun short called robot
bastard this was like early internet
days he made a he made a little short
called robot bastard and it has like a
cardboard box oh my god
he's on harmontown quite a bit I believe
that what has Rob schrab done he spelled
Rob sure there's Rob truck oh he wrote
Monster House which is a very good movie
he's writes for the Sarah Silverman
program Uncle grandpa Rick and Morty he
writes for Rick and Morty he wrote
right here let's see what he's written
what is he written
oh yeah robot bastard it's great
check out robot bastard if you can but
but in any case so he's a he's actually
from Milwaukee and he with Dan Harmon I
believe were in a improv comedy troupe
here called the dead alewives and later
in life I met some other people who were
in the dead alewives and I I didn't even
know at the time that he's get dad I
ball at the time I didn't even know
that's get there get there I didn't even
know that Scud was based off of a comic
I just thought of it as a video game but
huh
I remember enjoying the video game but I
you did it rich partner half half heart
and a half oh thank you beefcake for
linking to robot bastard isn't really
fun really fun later in life I got the
the the completes Scud the disposable
assassin book and it's really good
really good comic series for anyone
interested dies of lightning strike
that's entirely possible you can do a
rich
now I don't want to miss I know there
are hidden chests with ancient arrows in
them and I don't remember where the fuck
they are oh it's something I could
really use though
sure because I assume you face yeah
I was this another one us another one of
those situations where it's in the walls
oh nice
Oh God lightning Anonymous's hi guys
have any of you heard of a game called
heroines quest heard of it I haven't
played it but I heard a lovely made
tribute to quest of glory series and
it's free on Steam is it free that's
what they're saying like I paid a buck
or two for something to consider for the
next adventure stream well if it's a if
it's an old text adventure yeah that
could be fun heroines quests you made it
you made it to the to the campground
rich I have to not fuck up grabbing my
free life over there right so I don't
want that to fly away so just one of
them yeah oh man rich did he do the
trial dessert no no I have nots brutal
Jack I believe it's brutal you know what
I I went I defeated the I went through
the champions ballad and I got my
motorcycle and then I spent another
approximately five hours just riding
around with my motorcycle yeah cuz it's
awesome
riding around on a motorcycle I wasn't
even doing anything I'd ride around my
motorcycle rescue people from from
goblins and just fuck around in general
and I think I'm done with it now all
right I got my motorcycle and I'm super
happy like there's a couple like
optional quests that I could do like I
still need to find the big horse which I
refuse to look up online like I really
want to find that big horse on my own
but
but riding around on that motorcycle is
intensely fun
I almost wish that I would have it stuff
because like there's no you know once
once you do the the regular champion
stuff you you're kind of doing all a lot
of side quests during the regular divine
beast stuff so you get a lot done but
like you get you get a lot done before
you get your motorcycle yeah and so then
there's not a lot to do with your
motorcycle which sucks cuz it's awesome
I can bomb the fish for easy fishing
that's so not a terrible idea
bagel might need wood for fire sure sure
why not yes link on a motorcycle it's
it's really awesome it's really great
it's really great driving around on your
motorcycle then flipping off your
motorcycles shooting people in slow-mo
with your arrows you can do like burning
off your motorcycle it just helps you
it's rude also you can use it just like
you can you can do burnouts and like
skid and stuff and so then you could
just like run into people's ski and run
into him again
I almost defeated an entire one of those
big guys called again the cyclopses hi
necks
I almost defeated an entire hi not just
by motorcycling him it was great it was
great
yeah Pikachu's on a smoke break dad
jokes from rich I'm I am of that age
wait what did you joke did I miss it I'm
sorry I thought you were no selling it
no I just missed him I just thought you
thought it was the dumbest thing in the
world I know I completely I completely I
shouted you for being rude for flipping
off your motorcycle oh my god now I wish
I would have left it alone because I'm I
just didn't need that in my life that
was that's a horrible joke oh yeah
you're talking about that was an amazing
Chuck Sarah Chen says sorry if mentioned
already but will you be doing champions
ballad one of the shrines is kind of
bullshit but the final boss is and the
motors and the final boss and the
motorcycle are kind of fun or if you did
already thought so hey we just got into
that serie if I do really well on this I
might you might go try yeah yeah are you
done with your divine beasts yeah I I
can just load up my the file where I
beat the game oh sure sure the the one
hit obliterators stuff is pretty
difficult but you can use your bow and
arrow so it's fairly easy to cheese all
the rest of it is really neat a lot of
hunting a lot of like you know figuring
stuff out and find in shrines and
whatnot
listen I know plenty of dad jokes like
like rich did you ever hear the story of
inch me and pinch me no they went down
to the lake and inch me fell in so who
was left the other one I mean you give
them a little pinch you see it should be
him pitch me and that was it pickle me
and tickle me no no I don't think I
would ever want to say pickle me it
might not be pickle me but something in
tickle I mean you're the make it Hickel
me if you really wanted there you go hit
go me and tickle me sure what's wrong
with pickle me I I would not want to
invite anyone to pickle me I don't know
what that means but anything it means I
think is negative would be negative to
my body
who were these old men
I missed the rad dudes we had before I
was never a bad dude
I don't know what you've been watching
you were watching a totally different
stream cuz yeah that ain't us
that ain't ask my friend yes Dukie
rampage I did figure out up dog I hope I
told that joke to my kids recently the
the up dog joke yeah and it just did not
register with them yeah yeah don't you
guys think it smells like up dog in here
and fight like after after a few
attempts you know like they'd go what
huh like I'm talking it really smells
like up dog after a few attempts the
older one finally goes what's up dog man
nothing much what's up with you then
what'd he do and he went like this he
went the appropriate response what I
just don't think anything registered
with him or is that what are you talking
about that's not what I asked and I was
like what's up you know like I had to
kind of slow it down for him a little
bit of the comp camel
the children were not amused with updog
it's true it's very true they were not
amused with updog but you know I was and
isn't that all that's important lava
worlds yeah interesting
what lava world interesting interest the
most predictable world of a nice world
what's well what's what's interesting
about it is that lava world will slowly
take down your hearts right
I have flame pants on oh okay oh I
thought it was interesting because now
they were adding a ticking ticking I
know you're saying interesting as if it
were a novel and new idea Oh
lava world in general no no no get out
of town
no I was just thinking for the game mode
like what if they put a clock on it you
know like oh now they're really ramping
up the difficulty is what I meant by
interesting yes rich has flame pants on
Oh yep you know the trick you know the
trick for anyone who doesn't know if you
got a rusty weapon throw it to these
motherfuckers and they a bitch trying to
get hit by it I think yeah I thought you
just had to print it hit a and it
wouldn't catch it like a boomerang oh
but I guess not
I got parently not if you have rusty
weapons you can throw them to these guys
though they'll chew them up and spit out
a nice brand new clean weapon for you
but also be careful
oh can you get it now also apparently
you got to grab it in time where it even
go oh shit it's in front of you
nice nice where the lightsabers this is
not the modded version that's supple
we rich has no lightsabers I wouldn't
put a fucking one said where my game
anyway no you just get some cool outfits
the the the mods for this game oh oh
well now the mods for this game do look
very very exciting a lot of cool outfits
well a lot of stuff I would just want in
the regular all of stuff I'm surprised
aren't in the regular game like a team
you got like a Giga Klan outfit like why
isn't that in the regular game that
seems like a no-brainer
rusty weaponers an honor
rusty
beefcake says come on Jack try an
emulator you know you wanted to it's not
perfect emulation there it's a little
bit glitchy here and there but I think
it's terribly neat and a work in
progress and the models on no and I did
I like the idea like I was reading a few
articles about some of these like are
you one of the ice ones are you I mean
fire ones are you just normal after a
souvenir fire ones right fire yeah that
means by be dead I was reading some
stuff on the modding community in
general and you know some some people
now get into modding almost as a as a
resume builder you know like hey let me
show you the mods I've made for games
like to show you that I have experience
making stuff and I think that's really
neat I'm sure that's happened before but
but I yeah you know
fuck that hurt that hurt I work for free
hire me and make me work 80-hour
workweeks
oh I know the there's no there's a lot
of bad in the creative industry we we
like to abuse ourselves
that being said you there there there
does need to be a way to prove your
worth to a company before you're hired
did not want to be using some of my
major health items this early cause one
stupid hit right the only thing with the
mods I see so far is that very few
things add things and most just replace
things so it's a give and take there's a
little bit limited what you just can do
mm-hmm
yeah but also like you know there's a
lot of cosmetic mods it's like hey give
link an outfit because I do think that's
nice
I think that's neat like hey I just want
link to look different or wearing a
different outfit and that's part of the
fun of modding but the other part is
like what rich was talking about before
is changing core gameplay mechanics that
you don't necessarily like make it so
you can't slip when it rare you know
make it so it never rains make it so
that your weapons have unlimited
durability just you know change things
up a bit there there are some
interesting ways to muck with the game
for better or for worse
beyond cosmetic mods Santa's skin or is
it it might exist there's a there's a
full-on Goku skin for breath of the wild
haha sure sure
there's a Wario skin that's actually
really high-quality
and said like that's one of those things
that's like okay that's just fun I would
just want to see a cutscene where the
princess is like flirting with Wario
that'd be great holy crud nope pumpkin
pie twitch says there's a mod where you
get to play the game as Zelda instead of
link for the entire game that's drivin
that's that's been making the the news
cycle recently and they're incredibly
detailed mods full new voice work oh you
kidding me where did that go oh they
must have gotten caught in a wind caught
the one thing it could get caught on
oh nice the double hit
nice job rich excellent you have
excellent job there's a big debate in
game producing circles to what degree
they should let players change core game
mechanic most are against letting them
change things like weapon durability and
rain skipping slipping mechanics and
fuck them if it's single-player game
fuck them
here here's I think there's there's a
there's a pro nakhon to this what one is
you know what gamers are looking for is
an experience like you know give me the
hurdle and I will try to get over it
as a as a challenge if you could decide
on the height of the hurdle you might
just lower it and then it wouldn't be as
fun a challenge do we know if the
motorcycle can be summoned in the trials
I don't have the motorcycle yet I
haven't done the champions ballot yet so
I have no idea that's a good question I
guess I would assume not
don't fuck the something don't you
fucked up you fucked it up but Jack is
wrong most mods make games harder well
the the question is is like do you want
a curated experience or do you want to
fiddle with so many controls that it's
your game and then yes it's not I think
what I'm saying is I think you want both
you know you want the ability to
customize but you also want a curated
experience you want someone to say this
is the hurdle and I want you to jump
over it
make everything pile right I think some
games go a little too far with the
custom customizable difficulty settings
I was playing Wii I was playing game a
while back that I wanted us to do for
for a review called oh god what was it
called with the with the robots and it
was called sir you are being hunted and
it was a first person first person like
stealth game oh oh
that's heartbreaking Oh still sucks
it's a first-person stealth game where
robots are hunting you and it's it's an
incredibly difficult game right off the
get-go but sir you are being hunted has
this Excel spreadsheet full of
customizable difficulty settings and I'm
sure you know like you can choose how
often robots spawn where they spawn the
randomized elements of what kind of
robots you can get the the difficulty
curve that there's a million different
ways to customize the the experience to
the point where probably in there
somewhere is the perfect balance of a
game but it would just be it would take
too much time excuse me what you're
saying is some people are too lazy to
fiddle with things to improve their own
experience and then some people are PC
gamers and and some designers are too
lazy and they say instead of us figuring
out well let the players figure it out
and to the detriment of the game and
instead of us figuring out the best way
for you to do it and you guys you figure
it out you sum these tools you make it
work
so I'm Gaga I'm trying to say I see both
angles alright what robot game is it
it's called sir you are being hunted and
there is Fault fault fault I just don't
understand oh sure there is there's a
core of a really neat idea and sir you
are being hunted but I I didn't I didn't
take the time with all of the all of the
fiddling with the difficulty settings
no I don't I don't think sir you are
being hunted is is worth it in the long
run even though like it has a couple
neat little nuggets of ideas Rock
Monster
I mean you got you got the ice plate so
you're good
nice hahaha very nice on my MyLink has
three full rings of stamina yeah and so
yeah I just I can just go out there
let's go up the spin spin till he's dead
it's great spin till he's dead oh I
missed one of the ancient arrow thanks
to is in the last area I'm all kinds of
fucking up you did what I missed
ancient arrows chest oh oh well shit
looks like there's some exploding stuff
in here
very positive reviews on Steam diet
there's something in there and I'm
betting if oh those are just up drafts
also chat games are not arts I really
don't give a fuck about disrupting the
game designers vision if I want a mod
some shit games are absolutely art but
there should be no problem with you
adding to someone's art like mod that
that games being art that has nothing to
do with modding I don't think like
taking someone's art and making your own
thing out of it is kind of core to the
art process alright
you know I'm okay with you know remix
INRI fixing games can be arty arty but
I'm not gonna call pong art and belong
is definitely a game I'm sure given time
I could come up with an arty farty
bullshit to pong but that's like putting
a turd on the Mona Lisa that guess what
that's art man you take a picture of the
Mona Lisa and you paint a little fart
tube coming out of the back that's art
and that's okay if I bought a copy yeah
Mona Lisa and I got a hanging in my
living room
I can fucking smear shit on it if I want
absolutely absolutely rich I absolutely
agree but but also games are art so yeah
absolutely hundred percent I think I'm
largely in line with John Carmack okay
what does he say Anna
he's talking about stories specifically
but I modified to say art in a game and
you know you expect it to be there but
it's not necessary to the experience
well you know I to me all art is is the
expression of a of an idea or a feeling
and so even pong is just like as the
expression of tennis like it's still
like there's an art in there am I
allowed to do modifications to my car of
course isn't your car art somebody
designed that sure is in a sense I'm
sure yeah you could do that yeah you
could make that you could definitely
make that argument
move this stone smash out
Counter Strike started as a half-life oh
that's that's the big one that's
actually the one I was thinking about
earlier when I was talking about modders
getting real jobs it is easy
counter-strike started as a half-life
mod and then what Team Fortress 2
started as a counter-strike mod and is
that the the escalation or Team Fortress
the Team Fortress classic started as a
as a mod - a thing and yeah Oh Team
Fortress was a mod to half-life as well
okay that's what it was the point is
there there's not there is absolutely
nothing wrong with all of these twiki
difficulty settings except I also think
there is a there is good in a curated
experience if we if we get a place where
there are gamers against modding no are
there is that one but not everyone just
a couple comments thanks it shouldn't
change their artistic idea I'm just
thinking like back in the day its
software man they they wholly embraced
mods man yeah my the shit Ivan here's
here's the fucking source code yeah man
that's cool right and then you get
brutal doom oh right no I don't think
there's anything I can't imagine anyone
being against modding like because you
you get both like you get the author's
original intent and also the ability to
futz with it
there have always been purists says dark
fucking idiot oh you didn't cook any of
your food rich I can I can do this I can
do this oh I can do this
oh boy oh you have wood so you can at
least like grill you don't have a pot oh
wait no there's a pot oh your ass just
got saved they have a cooking pot all
rich sweet mercy sweet mercy sweet mercy
cheese it up eep-eep eep-eep eep-eep I
had my first instance of teaching my
children the joy of cheese in video
games the other day we've been playing
through as a family we've been playing
through lovers in a dangerous space-time
which is a lot like affordable space
adventure it's like a co-op on the same
screen you all control different parts
of the same ship and the kids have been
absolutely loving it they they really
dig it and it's a it's a really fun game
but we got to the final boss and the
final boss we defeated crazy easy
because we were hardcore cheese in him
and and I blurted I was like ah man we
cheese that guy just kind of
instinctively Mike exactly what's cheese
and I was like let me tell you kids let
me tell you about cheese I was like we
see how we defeated the boss there
that's probably not what the what the
game makers wanted us to do cuz we
defeated him really easily and they're
like huh huh I was like so yeah we did
we did some of those and they were
really there's white cheese what is the
origin that that's a great question
white cheese well either color on the TV
change now it's all blue so our green
screens gonna get all freaked out we
gotta do something about that
we could turn the big lights on it's
something we could do I mean I know
temporarily but I mean in the long run
something that doesn't suck for us and
also gives us a nice green screen what
we could do what we would need is a
dedicated light just on the green screen
so like you know we have our LEDs here
for a nice soft light for us but if we
had lights specifically on the green
screen so if like if we pulled the chair
and the couch closer to the TV and
there's a little bit of space behind us
for a light to shine up on the green
screen then the TV light wouldn't affect
it you dig he digs
yeah then we would get a little edge
light on us and the green screen would
have a light on it that would be strong
enough to not be affected by the TV's
which is just what I'm doing is just
terrible
you're winning rich it's just terrible
it's it's not it's not fancy it's not a
fancy winrich but you're doing it
now don't forget to cook yep
nice
we know MLG Freeman that you care more
about the things we have to say rather
than our occasional green screen hiccups
but rich is correct we are professionals
so we need to have a pro fashion all set
up I bet there something we can do well
I'll think of a solution there's what
I'm saying okay I will think you know
cuz the other thing is you know we don't
have a ton of space in here and it needs
to be something that we can control
easily but I bet I could think of an
easy solution of a simple solution that
all that work sneaky meat
uncle video says what a different camera
lens help with the green screen Jack I
created an opportunity to talk endlessly
about lenses no no you know normally we
don't use this camera you will use a
nicer camera but I think what the
problem is is for rich in eyes eyeball
enjoyment we do keep it relatively dark
here in our streaming room we use a
couple LED lights and we shine the light
on the ceiling so there's a darker
ambient light in the screening room or
in the streaming room here but what that
means is the light from the television
is equally as bright as the light from
our ambient lights so it affects the
green screen when the light changes on
the TV so it has nothing to do with the
lens it just has to do with the darkness
of the room so we need a way to evenly
light the green screen without it
bothering rich and I and without it
affecting you know too much plus I'm
thinking if we get some sort of LED
strip or panel that we can like lay on
the floor and have like a little you
know switch that we can hit something
that will shine up to the green screen
to make it be a nice light bright source
on the green screen it won't affect our
eyeballs too much and then the TV won't
affect it is what I am assuming breena's
guys has just put a light behind you
yeah that's what we'd base with very
little space behind us well that's the
other thing like we're right up against
the wall so we'd have to move up a
little bit but a thin LED strip I bet I
bet I can put something together
very slowly melting the ice coz rich
doesn't want to use his fire rule
because the more you use it the more
likely to break so he's this is also a
cheese tactic no it's not cheese
that's not she's couldn't who's Jack
Iron Fist season 2 has finished filming
I saw the Luke Cage season 2 trailer
looks good that that might be good looks
like there's a they I'm hoping they pump
up the action a little bit
well I see if I can fix this swarm of
bees I just made this one with bees
worse so that means this way will make
it better there I did it I fixed it
you're welcome everyone I liked Jessica
Jones season 2 yeah what he's one of the
hard ones he's one of the hard ones yeah
listen I see a nice winner is he a white
one I think he's just a nice 100 easy
yeah josh foreman has a sculpting stream
yeah I think I would like that I did I
do dig art streams I like I just like
you know just watching people do
creative shit I think that's great I
think that's great thanks for sharing
Josh Foreman where where were you gents
Roberto says hey did you see that stream
tip is shutting down on may 25th I
picked up the cheaper El Gato internal
capture card and it worked well so far
no noticeable issues in case you were
shopping around we are we're kind of
lazily keeping our mind open for that
and yes I do know that stream tip is
shutting down beefcake I did get your
email sorry I have not respond applied
to I've been editing all weekend
questions why why you stream tips
shutting down I think you I think it was
kind of a community based you know it
was a passion project and they're just
obviously not making okay making money
off of him which which is fair so for
until a better option comes available we
will be switching over to the bits we'll
be switching over to the bits from
Twitch's bits
now oh now you fixed jerk just went to
fix you will be switching over to bits
which you can buy through twitch and
beefcake is working on a way to archive
our bit messages and so it will work
hopefully very similar to stream tip
where we can kind of bunch up your your
your bit tips to bits have any strings
attached you the way bits work is you
buy them through twitch so you know if
you spend $10 you get like a thousand
bit source I don't know how it works I
think I think it's a dollar per hundred
bits but I honestly don't know and then
you get to choose how many bits you give
to a streamer and so you know if you buy
a thousand bits you can spread them
through several streamers you can't be
refunded you can't be refunded scammed
through twitch bits well know you that
yeah you know one can scam you with bits
they can't give you bits and then ask
for their money back once you give the
bits we got the bits twitch bits not
twitch tips right so twitch gets the
money first you give us the bits and
then instead of us immediately having
that money that comes to us with our
regular twitch revenue check it's a
whole thing it's a whole to do
but it's what we're gonna do we're gonna
switch over to the bits take his weapon
away you're going to take a huge hit
with bits over stream labs I'd I'll have
to look into stream labs because we
already use stream labs for some things
and but I don't think stream labs has a
tipping thing do they or do this I don't
that wasn't a question for you that was
just a question for the chat you're you
just keep doing I'm just talking
nicely done
nicely done oh they do it well if they
do then I will have to I will look into
stream labs then Oh cuz if they use
PayPal as well then I might just do that
no okay I'll do that that was that was
that was it no I feel like I was in a
fight jack you you did the fight right
she won what we already have a thing
tell me money alright well I I will look
into stream labs then apparently that is
a thing to do the the it's a it's a
given a take because PayPal takes a cut
like if you tip us right now through
stream tip or through stream labs PayPal
takes a cut if you stream up if you tip
us through twitch bits twitch takes a
cut so it won't assuming you all give
the same amount of money it will be
equal for us every tip service takes a
cut right Master Kenobi that's how
they're able to you know keep their
servers into acting enable us to take
the tips so all right so I'm missing
three ancient arrows and they're going
to be very important sure how many of
you fight at the end here I'm excited
I'm excited to see how this ends up
twitch takes a huge cuts from bits oh
shit well I'll look into that I'm gonna
look into this whole stream land it's
pushing them shits they like the bits
also though I do like that which exists
in general yeah I like that right which
they
provide the platform in which we utilize
and so let me go over to you - it's fine
I don't want to Amazon B's O's has
plenty of money but he don't he don't
like Sharon B's oh saying in the sharin
business Sharon's not how you make money
right oh shit can I mail you a check No
do not mail me a check
pieces of bozo he's made some things
that are very popular and profitable you
know I'm a dummy would you do
I should have much earlier there was a
korek leaf that dropped yeah I should
have taken it what would that have done
good for you yeah think outside the box
Jack oh you know what good that would
have done okay
explain you know I'm using my electric
sword to make them drop their weapons
yeah make them drop their weapon I
grabbed the weapon they drop and then I
drop a Corrick life what do you think
the enemy's gonna do the the enemy
probably registers the korok leaf as a
weapon and so they will go to pick it
and then they will fan me I am a big
dummy dum-dum and I eyed shied myself
for not thinking of that earlier that's
great
ooh you know what that could work for me
Anonymous is Jack can you remind me of
what indeed turn-based RPG you mentioned
you were excited for and do you intend
to stream it oh I can fell is the indie
turn-based RPG is the one I am excited
for I believe it
I can fell I ke n fel L is how you spell
it
I confess and it's like a wizard school
turn-based RPG looks neat I think it'll
be neat I don't know if it would be a
good streaming game but I intend on
playing it
oh my god oh my god
Rick it's over it's basically over
yeah Oh didn't even see it coming
oh it's terrible rich yeah I know I
fucked up by letting him get the
blizzard Robbie oh well I let him get
the blizzard rod and that's what killed
me gotcha gotcha gotcha
valiant blood shot said who would win in
a fight between Don Wilson and Don
beverage well Don beverage is real rich
assuming they were both real I think Don
Wilson would definitely win Don Wilson
would not care about any sort of
fighting etiquettes or you know rules of
engagement he would go straight for the
nuts and throat Don Wilson would use any
object around him as a weapon and I'm
sure Don Wilson is the type of man who
carries shattered glass around in his
pocket
Daan beverage ain't no fightin man
huff heart it says hey fellas
is there a gameplay style that would
annoy you to watch I had a roommate who
played hours of racing games but only so
they could paint the cars different
colors he never raced not once well the
person enjoyed the fucking game if you
don't like it don't watch it I can see
how in a roommate situation that might
get upsetting but you know then you go
to your room and do your own things but
you know shared living spaces are hard
sometimes
probably should have farmed some arrows
but shit happens yeah and I did not do
that like I could see how you know
people might be annoyed with me you know
just dressing up the XCOM soldiers I get
that I get that but you know that was
fun for me I get what you're getting
around to me I don't think I would I
don't think I would ever want to watch
someone play like a puzzle game that I
was intending on playing because then
you know the answer to the puzzle yeah
like if it's an action game like this I
I don't I wouldn't have a problem with
that because anything anybody can handle
that differently but but yeah there are
certain games I wouldn't want to watch
just because I wouldn't want the puzzles
spoiled for me what oh you're in water
then climb the fucking tree while I
climb the fucking tree
will I ever do the master sword trials
maybe right now I've maxed out on breath
of the wild I'm good on Zelda for maybe
another year and then maybe next year
I'll pick it up again and do the master
sword trials and and try again but now
I'm good I got I got another hog man I
think I got another 60 hours of breath
of the wild in me and that's that's
great
just from know Plus because I probably
got another 100 hours nice put away I
swear I got another I got another 60
hours of the main game and then I
probably got another at least 50 hours
of of Champions ballad and just fucking
around on the motorcycle so I'm really
happy with it so over over a hundred
extra hours of breath of the wild is
great so I don't know if I will ever do
the master sword trials but we'll see
all right let's not do some of the
stupid shit this time just some of it
still do a little bit of stupid chin
because you know it's entertaining
so far the DLC is worth the DLC and this
is very worth it
these these add a ton of stuff and like
you know beyond the the games that it
adds just III can't count the amount of
hours I got in of just treasure hunting
all those bonus outfits that was great
is just lad just walking around Hyrule
looking for treasure though to be fair I
wish I would have waited until after the
champions ballad so I could have ridden
my motorcycle to go treasure hunting
that's what I should have done I should
have gotten my motorcycle first and then
found all the treasure but totally worth
it Hunter's 5000 no actually I haven't
played any more slay the spire since we
streamed at that one time I'm gonna wait
until that character at least makes it
to to the official non howdy baton until
it gets out of beta yeah it's neat so
I'm looking forward to playing that
character but I'm gonna wait I'm gonna
wait I really like that you can refuel
your motorcycle like mr. fusion oh yeah
and I had a shit ton of rocks so it was
really easy for me to refuel
it eats up a lot of fuel though way more
than you think it wouldn't but that's
fine
mark of the ninja remastered coming to
all platforms that's exciting
that's exciting did you all see the news
today about steam link with your mobile
devices you know in a in a in a
announcement that I may enjoy and I may
get absolutely no use out of let's make
some new mistakes attending a class you
can fail in new and interesting ways
rich those early I wanna give it well
what time we start we got well yeah
because we quit Pikachu early Pikachu a
little we probably have another hour of
stream if you want to move on to
champions ballad or if you want to keep
going it's it's all your rich just keep
going okay so so coming soon with the
steam app on your mobile device on your
phone or tablet
it's only a rage quit when you're raging
that's true if you're not raging it's
just quitting and really rich isn't
quitting he's just restarting he thinks
he can do it better and so that's fine
so what you can do what you can do now
rich yeah is it if you have like let's
say you have an iPad yeah and you have
the steam app you can now play games
from your computer to your iPad which
some people might get into might get use
of how the fuck is that gonna control
you can use a controller and so like
it'll it'll probably only work for what
what what's the fucking point
well I you know not for every game but
I'm sure there are some games where it
would be fine I I don't quite see the
use in in it totally uh like will ever
for me for example my you know my gaming
PC is in my office right
but this will also work with Apple TVs
and so something I could do is start a
game in my office and then move to my
couch and play that same game on my TV
without having to move my tower which
could be nice yeah this is a new way to
remote play your games through your
mobile devices
who's gonna Bo farm some mayor let's not
be dumb this time well that was just
shit Locke that was just absolute shit
not shit luck why would you move at all
because I don't have a couch in my
office and so I could you know I could
play my PC games on my big TV and
theoretically with a strong enough
connection it would be seamless gameplay
I'm literally standing right in front of
you there you go whoo-hoo farming arrows
it's some hard day's work when I put a
couch in my office is a small a small
office I don't need a couch my office
but that just sounds like this it's
basically the steam link but you don't
have to buy another thing it'll work
with the objects you already have so
instead of buying the steam link and
hooking up with a steam link to your TV
it will already work with your Apple TV
or possibly your Roku or with your iPad
so you know your your your into a really
great game but all of a sudden you got
it you got to go number two let's just
take the game to go you take the game to
go where you just do number two and come
back to it what if you're having such a
good time you can't you can't even put
it
I don't understand you people said to me
the the couch gaming argument makes a
lot of sense I think there there is a
fair argument with that but I can't even
put it down web no he's gonna have to
wipe but the edge of his tablet you go
through tablets a lot faster this way
which is you know that's the downside I
love that your major argument for mobile
gaming is you could play on the toilet
well that's the truth I always comes
back to playing on the toilet now mobile
gaming obviously you get to take on the
go this this one is a little more
limited because it's steam link so you
need a strong Wi-Fi connection on the
same you needed a Wi-Fi connection on
the same network and so this is far more
limited than just mobile gaming I think
the use people are gonna get out of this
is streaming PC games to their living
room is is one of the big draws or you
know like let's say you started an XCOM
2 game but you're ready for bet you know
you want to go to bed but you don't
necessarily want to go to sleep yet so
you bring out your tablet and you lay in
bed and you play a little XCOM on your
tablet streaming through your PC is it
worth it I don't know
love them I have a link says hunchback
jack esteem link and use it all the time
but it's a bit clunky to use a software
only solution it would be really neat
well then there you go and so not only
can you play games through the app now
but steam is really pushing their video
service you know you can buy movies and
shows through Steam now and so I think
this is another way for steam to to push
that market like hey you can buy a game
on Steam and now you can watch it not on
your computer yeah we're gonna it's
gonna cost $1,000 a month at some point
just to see all of the different shows
they're making
yeah we're rapidly heading there we
really I got a streaming service no I've
got a streaming service well I have a
show that's exclusive to my streaming
service I'm I'm Fox I own 8 video
services subscribe to each of them
yeah at one point you just gotta say
nope like that hi I'm Hulu we have abs
for some reason and you got to pay for
it he's both
why cuz why not why do we have as and
you pay for it cuz his will you'll
fucking pay for it we know you'll pay
for it you already do
you'll pay for it you want to watch that
you missed that show you missed it but
you want to watch it don't you yeah
don't you want to watch him give me
money first time on Twitch is this
actually live what why would we pre
record this other than the name would
make you think we wouldn't previously
record this what good would it do to
like what benefits to us would it be to
pre-record it make a video and then play
the video would there be any benefit to
us maybe maybe I gotta concentrate
occasionally here captain jerk says and
Jack wonders why people pirate no I
don't wonder why people pirate I just
don't
pirate myself I understand fully why
people pirate I just don't do it myself
you could record several in one day I
think I think just one day it would be
like like three streams worth maybe
that'd be very silly or you know we
screwed twice a week we could just do a
couple every week that's true just take
one wait like if we if we if we really
wanted to rich we take one solid week of
streaming and get like two months of
streams done really we wouldn't be
talking about anything topical we
wouldn't have any interaction with the
chat and we'd run out of things to talk
about really quickly so like normal so
exactly like normal exactly
I do I do owe you a stream oh you never
got that makeup in well because at my
editing got pushed back oh yeah
and so you know I was I was planning on
a Tuesday morning stream but if I didn't
stream I could get the episode done
uh-huh and so I decided to get the
episode done which I think was the right
call but I do still owe you a morning
stream and I work on them I'll
absolutely work on them possibly Friday
don't think the right gesture fine you
know what we'll fine fine fine
possibly Friday no me no I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm talking about a morning stream
okay I know some of y'all like them
morning streams they're usually pretty
chill got to find a game to play that's
my room that's my big problem right now
is I don't necessarily feel like playing
anything at the moment
yeah usually you know and then when you
get a nice morning stream going get some
coffee play a silly game talk about shit
it's good times
doo-doo-doo-doo
rich yeah it says at - Quinta what's
your favorite and most hated
construction projects for Harlem what's
that one thing did you like building
those I know what I've hated any of the
construction projects nothing was a
super chore for you well the mountains
said when we had a big paper mache
Mountain that was paying the ass oh when
you were when you were redoing that
special effects for gorillas interrupted
uh no that was those tiny miniature we
did a big scale when Mike and Jay were
climbing Mount Everest for some reason
oh and they did a review on Mount
Everest and it was basically a set that
I had to build out of paper mache and
then paint that was pain in the ass okay
well there you go anything you were
particularly proud of when I got aboard
the plane Qaeda board is also the nerd
crew table I'm super proud of the nerd
crew table it's a fine table rich fine
table
that was to scale yes apparently I
assumed that was the miniature and then
they they did some compositing work but
nope to scale plink header board is
great the putting header board is above
and beyond yeah it's a thing of beauty
also the new wheel but the nerd crew
table I think is understated yes that's
flashy as a blanket oh it's not well
that's the problem it's super nice and
it's curved and I'm super proud of that
the the nerd crew table well and I also
think they just can't see the nerd crew
table that's all of the shit on top
that's true we need a special
behind-the-scenes featurette of the nerd
crew table
it's like riches most awesome work
it is the plinky report is not a
miniature the plain keto board is that's
probably a joke button whatever the
wheel I also think is the new wheel is a
thing of beauty and I hope I hope people
love and respect the new wheel oh yeah
the new wheels pretty great sir pretty
good-looking
anonymous is Jack freelance question
I turned down

[Part III]
Anonymous is Jack a freelance question I
turned down a job because I didn't like
the political angle the video would show
guy calls me out saying I was no better
than a baker who wouldn't make gay cakes
how to reconcile just ignore move on
with your life I mean that's the time
that's how you move on is you know you
know I have no way to reconcile that I I
have said no to many jobs because I
didn't like the people like it wasn't
any political reasons but like I'd have
a meeting with someone and they were a
real dickhead just like you could tell
right off the bat and you know we talked
about the video project they wanted and
I knew from the get-go that this is a
person I would not work well with uh-huh
and so I just said no I said no to the
job and so I think there's the the
slight difference is when when you are
uh when you're when you're a freelancer
it's not necessarily in the SERP you're
not necessarily when you're a freelancer
you're not necessarily in the service
industry it's not just about making a
product and selling that product your
there's a lot of interaction involved
and so knowing the political leanings
maybe you also didn't want to work with
that person over and over again so maybe
that's how you square that particular
circle but
I've said no to plenty of jobs because
people were dickheads and so don't don't
be sorry about saying no to a job that
you wouldn't like unless you know X and
X and X oh wow
Jack do you have any stories of people
trying to get free work or massive
discounts from you Oh a ton and a ton of
me falling for it it's just because you
expect cinematic games to be linear
doesn't mean they shouldn't go the extra
mile to let Jack save his some just my
son just because you can do something
doesn't necessarily mean you are
obligated to well you know why would I
complain if you could pet your kid no I
probably I probably wouldn't complain if
you could write at the same time I'm not
gonna dock them points because they
didn't choose to do that I think that's
fair and here is absolutely fair edge
like a popular thing going back to uh I
completely forgot he did that I love
that just rips off his own rib are you
an independent contractor I am I'm a
freelance video producer that's my day
job as I make commercial videos for
people damn it I don't want to climb
that fucking tree everybody sit with
them so I well I don't have any stories
I don't have many stories of people you
know the thing a lot of people know
about with freelance video work is the
the for exposure and go like I we don't
have any money to pay you but it'll be
great exposure for you actually a more
common angle when you're making
commercial videos is the if you do this
one video for a reduced price I can give
you more work later that is the greatest
lie anyone will ever tell you exponent
well and you know like the hole for
exposure angle is by the way a dual
edged sword because you do need shit in
your resume in order to get work that's
just that's just a fact of being a
freelancer and being a video producer is
you need a real you need stuff that
doesn't mean you have to do stuff for
other people that's why I really like
music video work a lot of the music
video I did early on was was free like
they didn't pay for that that was just
fun stuff that I wanted to do
tell me lies so the big lie is you'll
meet with a client and you know they'll
want a commercial video done and you say
okay that's no problem here is my
estimated rate based off of the hours I
think it'll take and they go for that's
just too much that's too expensive I
can't do that what do you think about a
reduced rate and you know you give me a
reduced rates like my business is gonna
be picking up soon I can definitely get
you more work later on and you say to
yourself well maybe we can do that you
know you're freelance and so any any
time you're not working you're not
making money some has a little bit of
money better than no money
yeah that's these oh honey how do you
handle this uh it depends on on your
bank account at the moment is the honest
answer I've done it some times I have
done it some times where I've done the
work for cheaper and I can tell you this
I have always err I haven't always
regretted it but it has never led to
more work
never never okay it has never for me led
to that addiction have you ever called
someone out on that like like I've heard
that before
and it has absolutely never led to more
work sir have you ever done that I have
and and like I said a lot of times that
that's just like how my bank account is
feeling at the moment how busy I am and
how much I like that person and I I have
had meetings with people where they've
seen you know I asked for the reduced
rate I can get you more work and I've
had that conversation with them I can
say I can tell you from experience it
never leads to more working they always
it's always the same like oh no no I
definitely like I want to do this video
I want to do this video there's
definitely more work down the line if
you can do this one for cheaper they
live in their own bubble and they don't
understand what it's like on this side
so I'm kind I'm glad I'm glad you guys
like this this is a good lesson for
people it's and it's tough because you
want that work I didn't scare the theory
off tonight Oh God very rich I know I
know the first priority and I completely
a whiffed
a whiffed jack the worst is ideas guys
they listen that's a whole different
situation my friend is dealing with
people's marketing departments and idea
guys and there's there's a whole world
of pain when you are a freelancer in the
creative field but there's some fun too
so no usually what I'll tell people is
this they'll say like hey you know you
want to reduce right now I'll just say
no you know like no I don't do reduce
rate at you know these are the amount of
hours I will then give them some
suggestions of like oh well you know
maybe if we do a B and C with the video
we can take those hours down you know
like oh you want a lot of animated text
work yeah that takes a lot of time to
animate if you don't want that then we
can reduce the hours and I can get you a
cheaper video oh I really want that
animated text work though well so
there's things you can do haggling and
whatnot but oh it's not yeah sometimes
it's just rough but it's all fun work
but and by the way that's that's the the
other fun of it is if you ever give them
a discounted rate that's the rate
they'll expect I almost left without
cooking Jack I I would have I had my own
yeah I was I was about to yeah because I
kept seeing you like head towards that
exit I was ready to yell so what are
some of the strangest videos I've done
for a job back in the day I was working
with should I even tell these stories
well I'm trying I'm trying on so I'm
trying to think of contracts I've had
with people and whether I can share
these stories without okay
I can't here's an actual story of
freelancing okay and this is a big
regret of mine I should have walked out
at exactly this moment yeah I won't tell
you the company it was but this this
company wanted a viral video and you
know that's part of part of my thing is
I can I can get you a lot of hits on
your video and they weren't quite
comfortable with my concept my concept
was a little too out there for them yeah
but I said I you know this is what I
really think this is gonna work and you
know they said they said they weren't
really comfortable with it and what I
ended up doing was filming it anyway
I said this is such a funny idea I will
use this footage somewhere no matter
what so I was comfortable just taking
the day filming it for myself
and I put a ton of work into it and I
actually I've really enjoyed this video
you guys haven't seen it but maybe one
day I'll be able to recut it into
something and so I scheduled another
meeting with him I said I want to tell
you something I just made this video and
if you want it I can put your branding
on it but if you don't want it that's
fine I just want to show it to you okay
and and this person said no problem so I
came in I showed him the video
and he laughed his ass off yeah he was
like this is the weirdest thing ever
stuff but I love you called people under
the look everybody like this call people
into the office everybody's on the floor
rolling laughing yeah went over like
gangbusters okay you and stole the idea
no no no oh by the way that's a normal
story so he said that's that would be
fine no this is where it gets weird is
you know he loves it we we come to terms
with how much he's gonna pay for the
video he gets out his checkbook and he
writes me a check after we get the
contract stuff worried about right yeah
then he opens up his desk drawer and
pulls out a gun I am not joking
whatsoever this man pulls out a fight we
are in an office in a but we are in a
real office building
with an office he takes out a gun and he
puts it on the desk why a real firearm
because he's some sort of like macho
bullshit guy and so his whole thing was
like I want to let you know like you
don't fuck it was like I don't fuck with
me moment it was very very real and I
think part of it was jokey where he was
like haha don't fuck with me I have a
gun was mob one no it was not mob run he
was a legitimate he was a legitimate
business person but at that point like
if I were able to go back in time I
would have said you know what I'm not
dealing with this and you can't have the
video and I'm done take a check back
yeah because that would have been the
smart call because that's an it clearly
an unstable person could I have called
HR he was the owner of the company I
believe there was AI I think it was a it
was this macho I I can't even I can't
even properly explain to it like you
what his motivation was but he laid a
loaded firearm on the table with I want
to let you know like you're in business
with me now and I don't you know like
don't fuck me over or whatever and I was
like dude I made you a funny video I
made you a funny video for your thing
and like I'm not a person who's
uncomfortable around firearms but when
you take a gun out of your desk and lay
it down and say don't fuck me yeah yeah
I get very uncomfortable so that is by
far the strangest thing that has ever
happened to me as a freelancer I just
got a bunch of crap weapons from that oh
well yeah how do I know it was loaded
a good question I don't I just assumed
it was I just assumed I guess this one
over here I might get something out of
this oh yeah don't forget about that
so was the video a viral sensation
obviously you guys have not seen it so
it was not but also I I don't believe it
was the other part of that is it wasn't
up for very long in order for a
videotape why'd you get travelers
Claymore traveler sword no oh thank you
to 6 Delta I always assume the gun is
loaded that's true that's the true thing
the the video ended up not going viral
so something that I pull out a gun on
you after the video didn't go viral no I
never I never met with him ever again I
I emailed and talked to him but I never
went into his own yeah I did male
talking I was very very professional
though I do wish I I wish I had the guts
just to say you know what no you're
acting you're acting inappropriately I
wish I had the guts to yeah but uh
something about viral videos is they do
I think at least that they need to get
their views organically like you know
people find videos and they go viral
very naturally
and I don't think he gave it the time to
go viral I do think it absolutely had
the potential to go viral but I don't
think he gave it time he took it down he
got nervous he got nervous with his
branding and took it down after like a
week and a half and he got it got decent
views in a week and a half but it never
it never hit that it never hit its
stride it never found
yeah the audience that started to share
him isn't there something inherently
difficult about making something go
viral
artificially absolutely but that's the
the pros and cons of viral videos is he
put something out there you you try to
nobody said it was easy right you try to
share with the right people hopefully
like someone picks up on it and you know
goes to read it or it goes to you know
Twitter or it goes it goes somewhere
where someone picks up on it what that
guy did was illegal you can't intimidate
someone with a weapon even implicitly oh
I know I wasn't about to tell him that
though as he pulled a gun out on me
did you miss oh oh I see what you're
doing
saving arrows we had a few no good good
college you did you did well I just I
wasn't yeah I wasn't on your
thought-trend
but you know the other thing with the
other thing with viral videos is you
never know when they're going to go
viral if you know if you make something
you can't push it you can never push the
video out there and sometimes it takes
months for people to find it and this is
a conversation when I talked with
clients about viral videos that I have
with them like hey there there are some
videos that have been online for nice
hit nice hit there rich where you know
there are some videos that have been
online for a year and haven't hit and
then one day they will you can never
guess when it's going to go viral
did you bring a leaf this time heading
oh you know what I didn't bomb the tree
so I didn't get one okay yeah you know
what we'll do exactly what we did last
time was it worked no my reason to vape
videos weren't my viral videos those are
just straight commercials there's
nothing there's nothing viral about
those there they're just straight
product commercials that's the other
balancing act with creating something
that's viral is it has to be more
entertaining than product play C which
is bi which is why by the way you see a
lot less companies trying to make viral
videos because a lot of companies
discovered that their video getting
millions of views don't necessarily
translate into people buying their
products so my reason to vape videos
which I think are very nice are just
straight-up commercials but they're good
I like those I liked my reason no reason
to vape you missed a video that you did
well you know I get to work with Timmy I
got so you know we got to write some fun
little sketches got like the hi-5 videos
the hi-5 videos though that those are
viral sensations a bowling trickshot
video that's another good one we did
there the real-life Angry Birds that
that got a ton of views the the past
maybe R videos that's the that's the the
big the big ones that was commercial and
viral does jack vape no Jack does not
baby
stop saying viral I will not stop saying
viral Laurel that's true but the past
wait beer videos still continue to
actually go viral to this day people
have made gifts and I see the gifts on
the front page of Reddit at least once
every couple of months
people people keep sharing those which
is great
quick question I saw an older best of
the worst video and you guys are
drinking forth tap I live in Austin and
love the brewery and just wondered how
did it get to Milwaukee Oh was i
drinking it or were we drinking it and
you are drinking fourth tab I might have
bought it here someone might have sent
it to us I don't know I don't know what
Angry Bird video the one from Rooster
Teeth
I don't know I did a video a while back
that got decent numbers called real-life
Angry Birds and my brother and I built a
giant slingshot and recreated some angry
Birds levels and used a bowling ball in
the slingshot to knock them down and you
know a buddy of mine put the animations
on it and we put all the sound effects
on it was really neat it should be on
YouTube but it might just be on Funny or
Die so my friend designed for theps logo
and did their branding Oh neat I don't
remember that beer specifically but I
might be good this was back when Angry
Birds was a big deal number Angry Birds
yep that was everywhere they made a
movie out of that they made a movie out
of that app
perfect perfect rich in antioxidants
says Star Trek bridge crew is getting
next-generation DLC will you guys
finally play it with Mike and maybe Jay
absolutely it's gonna happen next trip
you can talk them into it I don't think
you can Oh Mike doesn't mike doesn't
like coming on the street if you're new
to the stream you should know that
that's incredible sarcasm see the way
you said that though it sounded uh it
sounds like I gotta run away you see it
sounded what I gotta wear I can learn
from the thing reverencing right yes you
trying to kill me I need to row away no
run away Mike's not coming downstream
we're probably not gonna play Star Trek
Briggs just emulator
Oh Holly rasa is the one who sent us the
fourth tap beer Thank You Ali Rosa we
appreciate that
that's right Jay was in the first pass
me a beer video Jay and Jesse were were
my elevator extras we shot that at the
old studio because there was there was
an elevator that we could use for the
final pass didn't didn't don't do it
dududududu where'd it go
who am the the big sword he dropped him
where to go fall in lava and I fall in
lava which would suck that would that
does suck my frequently sighs
dude did it do true-blue reviews hey
guys I've been watching some Nicolas
Cage movies this week and I'm shocked at
his career which of his movies are your
favorites I am in awe of how amazing
vampires kiss and Bad Lieutenant are
I've heard really good things about Bad
Lieutenant I have not seen it that man's
been in a lot of movies the most
wonderful thing about Nicolas Cage is no
matter the role he gives a hundred and
ten percent
no matter the movie no matter the role
he is in it to win it even if it's weird
even if he's over the top he has no what
am I trying to say here where you're
like well you don't want to do anything
that embarrasses you shame he has no
shame I'm not shame inhibitions
he has no no inhibitions would fit to
that fits ego maybe no ego like he
probably has an ego you know what to
shape Dignan no not dignity uh what I'm
saying is he is he doesn't he's not
afraid to have himself look foolish
because he gives himself over to a role
so completely and I love that about
Nicolas Cage even though sometimes he's
just he's just bad but that's great
faint praise that's know he's great I
love Nicolas Cage I think I think no
horrible but he he gives it his all 110%
all the time i I think face off is a
movie that very few people give credit
for being absolutely amazing
faceoff is absolutely amazing and it's
the best all the time it's it's the best
all the time
slow motion doves everywhere John
Travolta Nicolas Cage just just shoving
every bit of scenery into their face
it's the most into their different faces
my face off rooo it has a boat chase at
the end of just because it needs a boat
raised it's great it's so great you
would love face-off jack says the ghost
of Nick I would and I do
I am unashamed of my love of faceoff
love it I'm gonna take his face Oh glory
it's just glorious just glorious
which is better the rock face off or
Conair the answer is yes the real answer
is face off for this is me this is how
I'm gonna do it face off the rock Conair
face off one the rock to connor three
that's how I would do it but if you give
any other arrangement that's a correct
answer as well I'm not I ain't hatin on
anyone but it's just the air vents right
yeah that's just the air vents I agree I
remember you remember I agree remember I
remember those just airs he was he was
good and he's just good in everything he
is good in everything and then he can
also like do restrained and serious like
it like him in adaptation
he's just low-key and serious and
restraint and and it's he's just he's a
really good actor but then he's also in
faceoff he's the best we're gonna steal
the Declaration of Independence it's in
the head of Mount Rushmore national
treasure
it's just now he can pull it off
anything that man can do anything
remember The DaVinci Code let's do that
but patriotic and put them but dumb and
he fuck yes fuck yes so patriotic
commit sin 120 says Jack enriched I am
the one that bought you roller Gator and
all I can say is your guest on best of
the worst was not lying
it is great a true master piece of shit
esker more often night also please play
Dark Souls in a few weeks I scared
that's right did you miss the ferry do
you still have a favorite I got two down
total okay well that's something well
thank you for roller Gator I think we
watched like a minute of it thank you
for rolling are you sure that's thing
you want to do do you really want to
thank somebody listen to anything you
said thank you you know we just so I
appreciate people sending things that's
all that's a very nice gesture but
roller Gator is we pop that on if we
took a peek at it took a peek at it and
I think I'm pretty happy we didn't watch
it yeah I think that might have made the
night pretty miserable interesting is
what I'll give you interesting atomic
mousetrap says imagine a power drill
that runs on circus music imagine it's
pressed to your temple anyway can't wait
for you guys to watch roller Gator oh we
haven't green yeah yeah our green screen
is kind of fucked what's gonna happen or
just turn the camera off ik is more
distracting if it's very distracting we
can just turn the camera right off if
that's what you guys would like or I can
just keep futzing with it when though
it's very bad well then I fix it
alright I'll fix it I can just keep
futzing with it whenever the world
changes and the level changes
they're saying we're very pretty so they
want to keep watching this why can't you
fix it we've talked about this it's
every time the scene changes in breath
of the wild so next when he goes to the
next world which is what's next no world
yeah so when he goes to Snow world it
will be a very blue light coming off of
that so then I will have to go in and
fix it again which is fine
well fine hold off from cooking that
banana until I have more things to cook
with it yeah I'm gonna strategize that
yeah have you ever legitimately liked a
movie on best of the worst
of course the pit really the pit Extro
has some issues but ultimately I like
the pit oh yeah the pit was really
interesting and a bro thunderpants I
didn't get to see that one I bet that's
good it's legit good I'd even put
something like like Faust up there as
something new and Jane your weird shit
Faust Faust was legit flipping a little
bit hold on well you keep I am I'm just
got foots it depends on what's going on
in the game what what right what the TV
is doing to our lighting right now
there's an intense blue light coming on
to us so that's gonna change how this
reacts but I have I have an idea to fix
it good I have I have an idea so I'm
going to start putting something
together
the desolation of Faust right so ya know
there's there's been there's been
legitimate good finds in there not many
not many but the pit oh that would the
you know something you know we talk
about all the time about like you know
remaking the bad movies into a good ones
like the pit is right up there you could
make something legitimately good out of
that out of that structure turn the pit
it back into a metaphor get rid of some
of if you get rid of some of the jokes
obviously that's what made it
interesting to watch but you could make
a legitimately good horror movie out of
the pit yeah so
or put in more jokes say we're talking
about making it a legitimately good
movie though we're talking about one
making it a legitimately good movie so
you wouldn't put in more jokes if you're
trying to make it a legitimately good
yeah your film if you turn the pit back
into a metaphor get rid of all of the
slapstick there is a legitimately good
horror film in the pit mm-hmm absolutely
a decent rewrite and and take that pit
as metaphor seriously and you got
yourself a heck of a movie I could see
that I could absolutely see then there'd
be that's good remake potential and
horrors making a big comeback right now
so if any of y'all screenwriters out
there you know want a really easy sales
pitch based off of a you know obscure
but you know it's a slightly
recognizable old b-movie you know easy
horror Trobe filming somewhere in the
Midwest boom you got you got
hunchback jack is tipping while they
still can thank you hunchback jab I will
look into into stream Labs tipping
capabilities if if that can be easier
for oh my god rich oh I was ready for
you to blow yourself up I was absolutely
ready for you to blow yourself up nice
Blum house would give you guys about two
million yeah and that's exactly like you
can make that movie for for around two
million get a get a arty-farty
cinematographer and director on that
yeah you're good to go
there's something in there man there's
something in the pit if only we knew a
semi-famous screenwriter who specialized
in low-budget horror who is probably
currently working huh I can only assume
he went back Tyler wouldn't was just
like I got this Simon's got this
you'd have a hard time getting as good a
child actor as that kids if that is true
that kid was great that kid he was good
do you find other kids good for the role
oh that might be V that might be the
most difficult part though is like
finding that kid that's just right how
hard did Mike and J look for the
original pit we did we did a lot of
research it was it was a lot it was
pretty easy to find some of the
landmarks in Beaver Dam Wisconsin but
rumor has it that the pit was actually
shot somewhere else in Wisconsin and
it's not a naturally-occurring pit they
dug the pit for the movie and then
filled it back up so the pit no longer
exists unfortunately but also parts of
the movie were filmed in different parts
of Wisconsin but you know finding the
finding the some of the original
landmarks was was fairly easy
okay
but I was in that fashion
why was Jack a cat and the God of War
episode some camera issues and my
footage was unusable and out of focus so
I film biscuit and I thought that was
the best way to handle the situation is
rich talking to biscuit and I think it
worked out pretty darn well pretty Dern
well they patch this so campfires melt
the ice faster I don't know I remember
this taking forever even with the
campfire going that's a great question
why didn't you just show more the game I
did I use a lot more game footage but
you can't only show game and me right
that would that would be weird and
distracting if it was only rich and the
game footage whenever I was talking it
would have been horribly distracting had
I used my footage and had it been out of
focus the other option would be just to
use rich and the wide angle so like you
know you cut too rich for the close-up
and then cut to the 2-shot whenever I
talk that would have looked off to so
there you know obviously a lot of
different options a lot of different
ways to handle the situation biscuit
just worked
but why though because I was out of
focus because the camera clenched my
camera autofocus glitched out on me and
and I was out of focus am I worried that
biscuit will usurp my role on previously
recorded absolutely absolutely I know
people loved it they loved looking at
this kid and he's a great cat to look at
he's beautiful he's a beautiful cat I'm
not gonna deny that biscuit is a
beautiful cat to look at whatever you
want Jack it's fine live in denial yeah
yeah that's what you get for hacking
your camera nope that was not my hacked
camera my hacks cameras Rich's camera
which by the way looks extra sharp this
time I don't know what it was I don't
know what it was but your ear your angle
looked extra sharp mine was my camera
was my brand new GH 5 which I have since
found out has had some autofocus issues
people have complained about the
autofocus so that no that was my unhak
GH 5 and I have since found a nice
workaround to use manual focus and get
around the whole autofocus issue isn't
there another game you all plan to play
like what you know there's really no
meaning around a battle tech but mm-hmm
but you got to play that at home and get
comfortable with it before you but yeah
I want to play them the first time on
stream yeah that were played Pikachu
today we that was the plan
we did play Pikachu today and then we
made the correct decision to stop
playing Pikachu
actually yeah I was talking to Richard
about this earlier I might have
mentioned this early I forget but uh oh
he definitely sees you I actually think
I'm ready to to play a little more God
of War now that I'm done with the story
I think now that you panned it I I had
some criticisms of it but you know ups
and downs now that I'm done with the
story elements I think I'm gonna like
everything else they're just combat and
the treasure hunting and fucking around
I think that's the part of the game I
like now that I've calmed down about the
whole story thing now that you pretended
to hate it for ratings I disliked a lot
of the story elements and I'm done with
the story elements we have never
pretended to hate something for ratings
never ever never ever I had what I feel
to be valid criticisms but now that I'm
done with the story which I hated it's
just the combat which if you remember
the entire first 15 minutes of the video
is dedicated to rich and I gushing about
how much we loved the combat just IO
tripping over our saliva about how much
we loved the combat you can do it right
slow and steady
you schmuck
yes Kip 99 this is the DLC Master Sword
trial and this is the final master
social this is the big one oh my god he
picks up the ha ha ha ha
dingus hey this is the the Master Sword
trial is three parts and this is the
third hardest part save that
fall off the thing come on oh nice dodge
rich well played well played well played
sir well played sir am I the only one on
the planet who did not take my son back
to fry up I just saw that hat
hello grass also tried to take a tray us
back to Freya after he got sick I can't
even everyone's doing it in here I can't
even fathom why somebody would write
that's a different experience that's the
that's the joy of the art of gaming
riches it's unique to everyone it's is
their cinematic winner your story and
the compass is telling gonna go the
other way
common sense would dictate you have to
wait until the kid really get sick
before the game wants you to go back to
what's-her-face
I see a lot of people saying that they
agree with you rich and I see some
people saying I almost did but then you
know thought about it for a second
that's fair that's fair
let's see here sorry chances oh man rich
if you ever get to it you need to do the
champions ballad boss on stream yeah I
will so be there alright alright
random question of the day did you ever
get your 3ds back back are they talking
about the one you sent away for this for
Pikachu oh that might be it well we're
using it earlier yeah we were using it
earlier yeah cuz that was the one that I
ordered and it took I mean what it took
eight months it took something like
eight to ten months for them to mod a
3ds for me that's how that's how pushed
back they were all right listen we've
learned just killed this dork first okay
I see the one that killed you last name
yeah boom
kill them done levels over rich beat the
whole thing and also I believe the whole
the whole last the whole last temple and
boss yes that would be a great stream
that's a fun temple and boss that would
be that would be a great thing to stream
you could always finish Phoenix right at
some point Jack mods game consoles I
have a problem with piracy not with
modding why do they make sit-up I have
no problem with modding whatsoever and
the the console is only modded so I can
plug in a USB port so I can plug in a
USB cable and record video in case we
ever want to do a 3ds game for review or
streaming he's got nothing
he's got nothing on you're rich alright
this is going much better this time yes
yes it is much better oh that's gonna be
a problem he's he's got he's got some
powerful arrows so let's let's take care
of the flying guy first yeah let's not
be stupid take your time take your time
I think that's kind of a no-brainer rich
what would you mod yourself with
cybernetic enhancements if they were
available sure won't happen absolutely
yeah that feels like a no-brainer that's
an absolutely I could be a nossa I could
have awesome robot powers sign me up
sign me up
you made it easy
haha don't even worry about aiming rich
you're fine just pop up right in front
of you
oh we have to easy kill from behind here
- all right everything's coming up
millhouse well there you go
I want jet pack legs fuck yeah the
Bionic arms eyes that can see more
things eyes that could zoom in oh fuck
yeah give me some give me some robot
eyes see different color spectrums zoom
in have you know have some sort of
heads-up display built into your
eyeballs that'd be great fuck yeah give
me all of it all of it
extend-o-arms that would be great all
the things give me all the things as
someone who has you know somewhat bad
eyes give me better eyes give me give me
awesome eagle eyes I love that
oh just a robot heart like I'm not like
others matter like like a sophisticated
futuristic robot heart some that won't
break down over to Sun them all so yeah
so I'm gonna let you live longer nice I
like that yeah that's that's a good
thought that's a good thought all right
I have to fight this guy Oh
however will you do that oh my god that
rocks a thing oh it's an ice monster
rich nope welcome it would help if you
didn't whiff well apparently the jump
strike doesn't send out fireballs like I
thought it would
all this don't smasher you can get this
one go look at that ah boom done
but and nice robot lungs that oxidize
your blood extremely efficiently you so
you never get tired
you give me robot everything I'm gonna
live a million years right just put my
put my brain in a big old robot there
you go I'm down I'm down turn the brain
into a robot fuckin fuck it whatever you
can do yeah fuck it who wants to live
forever me me we all we all do in fact
we're all good with that what the option
to solve terminate if I ever get bored
yeah he's done let me live as long as I
would like to live our lives River say
that your death pen fucking night you
know what forever
obviously like everything breaks down
eventually give me just give me an extra
hundred years how about that Shh sure
sure live to 200 how about that oh boy
is gonna be tough this is gonna be when
he just starts off facing you right away
super tough super tough
what ancient eras kill him on one hit I
actually did not know that about - is
that sure about all Lionel's I've been
fighting them like a like a goddamned
chump rich oh I didn't even know I
thought they only worked on the on the
centuries oh I get no loot if I use an
aged ear I know that but under the
circumstances I just wanna I want to get
by without losing a ton of health yeah
for the try like you know in in the the
real game you might want that nice sword
but in the trials you're just trying to
get through mm-hm
and while it might be nice to have the
Lionel sword and shield and bow you
don't need it
you don't need it
you did it rich you got the fairies oh
and a royal broadsword nice
what's garbage you also have a frost
wand and a frost sword yeah you know
there's room you got room you got room
frost swords good though I might get rid
of that oh yeah I'm just saying you know
you get double you got em you have to
frost things no for what's coming up
it's maybe yam I know I don't know
what's coming up so you know oh and and
it doesn't matter you don't you don't
need to ditch one Chuck Fox says hey
Jack did you get that email I sent you
about Jesus may the Gees be with you I
did Chuck Fox I've been I've been super
swamped over the weekend trying to get
the episode edited so I haven't replied
to my inbox at the moment is currently
fucked
and so I I did get it I will get back to
thank you so much Chuck Fox prettied up
our geez emote yeah which I really
appreciate I will I will catch up with
everything in for the rest of the week
catch up with all my emails when when I
get busy that's the very first thing
that I just ignore is emails like
anything important someone will call me
some you know anything important they
know my phone number so they'll call me
if they really need anything right eat
fuck emails they can go away I got five
ferries which probably gonna need them
so what's your coming up on the final
leg here yeah I'm actually gonna need a
little bit of quiet you you tell me when
you need quiet and I will give you that
quiet too busy for Christ too busy for
Christ absolutely no but I really
appreciate that Jack thank you
my jackets busy
well you know like a lot of times you
know we talked about you know
freelancing and stress and creative work
and you you have to know what you can
give up what you can do without when you
are really focusing on something and for
me the very first thing is emails even
even if it's a client like even if it's
a client and they say oh hey I want
these changes made they can wait because
if it's super important they'll call me
and say I need these now emails can
always wait well for me at least you
know it's different for everyone but I
know I've got eight eight ancient arrows
but there's some shit coming up I could
only imagine this is the final leg of
the hardest yeah Master Sword challenge
so Anonymous has random facts for you to
use the 19th century circuses used to
have a side show called big faced lady
half pig half woman the lady was really
a bear of a got drunk shaved and then
put a dress on that's great that's great
to know
that's great to know Thanks anonymous
thanks and out of this David in oh
people says hey you guys David in Oh
people here you guys should play in
justice too
it's the perfect time since you guys did
a God of War review uh yeah yeah we
could do justice to soon that would have
been a good that would've been another
good game to play today although it
would have taken forever to download
maybe next room I'm okay with injustice
- oh yeah yeah yeah I'm okay playing
more injustice
maybe next time yeah that was that was a
silly fun stream the injustice stream so
I'm okay with that go through the story
mode again see how ridiculous they get
right I need a quiet Oh any quiet how
about you how about you focus on the
damn Guardian
one
the light
Oh fuckin oh that hurt
this is the part this is the part I was
terrified of sure sure yeah this is
intense and like you said you could use
an arrow to take him out boss there's
like 18 of them in this world right nice
nicely done
all right this is the hardest thing in
the whole challenge
yeah balancing all of them shooting at
you nicely done nicely done three in a
row nicely done there right thanks again
who think I think I think it gets I
think it gets considerably easier from
right out well that one where the three
of them had you targeted all at once
that was insane but well done
you handled that you handled that
professionally and he get a nice new
shield out of it alright to have any
moderate healing items that aren't now I
don't have anything that's not gonna
ruin my two minutes of defense boot not
just yeah an equal defense boost yeah
mad laser strats absolutely absolutely I
got the defense boost I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna blow all my ancient arrows at
once we're taking a little bit a little
bit slow oh no you got a walkie one now
uh-huh just one walkie one to start with
yeah well that's fine you can deal with
it you can deal with one walkie one with
no with no or with just a shield that's
fine fine you fucker activate activate
witness me
focus on the eye
fuck it
that was weird that it wasn't locking on
to him yeah like why would I want to
turn around the mid situation game
there's a horse in the corner what does
that mean I mean this is a horse in the
corner you can go right a horse in this
one you can fight him on horseback yeah
no hmm interesting is there any treasure
ah I think I'm good okay okay even if
there is I think I'm good from here on
out okay good good
please focus on the target yeah that's
that's all risk rich was asking there's
just hey how about how about you focus
on the thing that's attacking me that
would be nice
we thank you hack about I actually do
need to remember to buy eggs today thank
you
that is a thing I need to do valid
bullshot says it seems weird to me that
kratos could kill or into stealing
silence I'm good for the moment okay I
figured you were climbing sideman yeah
yeah it seems weird to me that kratos
could kill hundreds of enemies at once
in the previous god of war games yet now
only a handful of Dark Elves gives him
an issue age shouldn't matter he's a god
I think age does matter to God you know
in this universe at least once you once
you start once you start applying any
sort of realistic logic to God's doesn't
really matter
like come on you hurt yourself yeah
worth it oh yeah how do I eat my eggs I
make I make a little simple scramble in
the morning with with chopped spinach
lentils and then I crack three eggs into
it and mix it all up and turn it into
like a like well my big chunk a big egg
chunk so I do a simple scramble in the
morning that's easiest sometimes I'll do
hard-boiled but that just takes extra
time
I was fully prepared for you too with
that yes nice job fuck you nice what I'm
saying is you did a good job rich I
fully expected you to suck I did no I
meant that is a good way we've all right
let's switch to a woman that's not gonna
burn no first first things first let's
do smert no that's a good smirk
that's a good smart I have shield
equipped yep take a little et good
burner shield it's fine too early too
early good call good call eat something
a balloon da the Biddeford bobbidi boo
but the vomit boom boo-boom boo-boom but
abomination arrows fire lentils mr. Joe
Joseph's lentils take 40 minutes to cook
that's true
so I make one batch of lentils one big
batch of lentils that last me like a
week and a half
oh he's at their house so what the fuck
I thought you were done with this I
thought you're done with this level so
like every week and a half two weeks I
make one mega batch of lentils put them
in the refrigerator take a few scoops
every day this is like four big scoops
of lentils a half a frozen bag of
chopped spinach put that in a skillet
with some olive oil some salt some
pepper some cayenne pepper give it a
little spice if I'm feeling extra spicy
maybe a little sriracha cook that up
till it gets all brown and delicious and
then crack three eggs on top and mix it
all up maybe add a sprig of salsa on top
of that it's a great breakfast great
breakfast my first we have three five
we're good I think I think we got it I'm
gonna say 100% I've got it
100% is this the last level no oh
gobble-gobble
how's the dive been going off it for for
some time but I'm I'm just back on this
week what an idiot
really
what is this health bar did that do it
that's it no no
there you go there another one is that
it that's it that's it that a mama a
peas carrots and corn covered in eggs
wrapped in a burrito that'd be very
tasty
that would be quite tasty there's lots
of things to do there's lots of things
to do what do I have equipped how much
chump what though do you have equipped
26 I got a 38 pouf available and if you
only have a couple more on floors left
to equip your best yeah equip your best
hey you should matter he's got well and
remember family bloodshot like it's a
with Kratos and being able to kill
hundreds of enemies here and only a
handful here it's that's gaming and
storytelling you know that's fine that's
general bullshit where it's like how
come he can do one thing here but not
the other thing how come how come fan
OHS you know has it gets the magic love
and wants to you know kill everybody
couldn't he use the magic love just to
make enough resources well sure he could
but that's just the story like it's you
know don't don't let logic get too deep
into it what was the first CD I ever
bought flood came up in Jones I saw that
Tiny Toons episode and knew I needed it
that was the first compact disc this guy
ever bought after watching the title to
Tiny Toons might be the first time I
ever heard of they might be giants
probably was hmm
that was my ax that was my first time
hearing them I think this is it
one more a brigo they might be James was
on Tiny Toons they had an entire episode
dedicated to theme like was it an entire
episode or was it every now and then
they had a skit nicely done nicely done
oh that's just smart rich these poor
confused horses
that's just Martin you just handled that
well thank you I just remember the
episode of like if they were music
videos and I feel like there were all
they might be giant it is because
they're good of it might have edited one
that was just all of those bits but I
thought it was just every now and then
they did one I guess I
it's fine it's fine fine fine you're
fine you're absolutely fine but kind of
a whiff why do I got to be fine I see
the only Guardian left is that it does
that hidden I'm such a fuckin pearl
you're such a pro yeah guys they did
Istanbul and particle man on Tiny Toons
and after hearing those songs I was
obsessed with Vey Might Be Giants so I
immediately went out and I was looking
through their albums and flood had both
of those songs on I said this must be
the greatest album in the world and it's
true it was it absolutely was and flood
turned out to be the greatest and then
you know you play flood and after that
little intro are you doing I'm trying to
throw it won't let me throw it really
throw all of your weapons away rich you
won't need them anymore you fell out you
fell off rich buddy - I don't know I
don't need any of this shit fuck it all
fuck it all I can all go to the void
would that be neat if there was if there
was something here if you did if you
sacrificed all your weapons before
receiving your award Jack Jack I can't I
can't get rid of the boomerang well you
drive oh okay
I worked oh my god I got so much shit I
don't even use these nice royal swords
yeah now you go to the thing to get to
get your final master sword upgrade and
they're like ascend to the final boss oh
is this the ROM no this is the switch
version no I'm reluctant to stream the
emulated version as much as I like
playing around with the mods and whatnot
I don't want to get our gaming channel
there killed because I wanted to play an
emulated version of best of them a
breath of the wild there might be some
legality issues I'm not sure actually to
be to be honest I am Not sure but why
risk it so you have a shitty thing to do
to you
to me yeah oh just because I don't like
emulator or gaming channel because
twitch twitch got really pissed because
then sure they decided to crack down
because sure well no then I'd have
something just to hold over your head
for the rest of your life I'm not gonna
give you that wait can you drop your
arrows I don't think so
double check
no no you cannot okay you've dropped
everything you can but you can't drop
your clothes and you can't trap your now
let's see if there's a super-secret
special ending for dropping all of hey
hey I highly doubt it
yes Norma Donald's you internet flick
show I see oh that's me I just read that
in the champion you might be complete
fiction something you heard someone the
definition of hearsay chit chat
literally lies to us all the time yeah
all the time came just in time to catch
spoilers Oh what for breath of the wild
or for Tiny Toons we gave you some tiny
toy the spoiler is you can beat the
trial of the master sword I'm sorry to
spoil that for you it might have been
completely unbeatable that's it I did a
fucker so now your master sword is crazy
super powerful all the time yeah that's
great
that's great that's great hey
congratulations rich and by the way that
was your second time beating the mega
trial yeah cuz you already beat it once
you did it why did the first two on
stream third one afterwards but go back
and redo it yeah doing master cycle next
oh hey don't hit him fuckin you know
here that's for disappearing on me every
now and then oh let's see here we got a
talent och who says thanks for all the
hours of entertainment you've given me I
guess that's worth about five bucks
Thank You Dominic proud hand it says hey
guys you're still planning a The Secret
of Monkey Island Stream I'm looking
forward to hearing you do the voices for
it there's no official plan there's just
yeah we're okay with it we're okay doing
a Monkey Island stream our plans are
what do you feel like streaming tonight
I don't know let's see that's usually
our plan if you like playing anything
and maybe I could do this what happens
when that inevitably fails I don't know
we'll figure it out and all that shit
I'm not reading then your tip thank you
for your tip I appreciate that keep us
Ness classic around I do have the I did
get the Super Nintendo and T plus the
the Super Nintendo with the HDMI out so
that's it's really nice everything looks
really pretty on them yeah everything
looks really pretty on it so it'll be
really easy for us to stream Super
Nintendo games if we ever felt like it
or for me just to plant them at home
which I have been it's been great
no more anonymous tips when using bits
that's true well I'm gonna take a look
in through stream Labs tipping
procedures all right and we're all
caught up all right we are all caught up
find a cool pose for link to hang out in
that's good that's good enough
hold on we go into selfie mode where so
where's Deku into the Deku Tree get a
view some sort let me see your face
is that the good selfie spot all right
even in the game I don't know how to
take a fucking selfie so go into your
camera and then put press X 4 cell press
press X there we go there we go
I think Canada keeps getting X&Y; reverse
sir not looking
he changed the expression the the left
and right and up I think or I'm sorry
the joystick but you got to turn around
if you wanted a country behind you right
good shot really it's great that's good
enough for me great all right so now is
the point in the stream in which we
thank all of the lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like of which is fixing because
it's motion you know it's motion
controls are you doing I'm just oh if
you if you put away here yeah then you
won't get the thing sure I said twin
dragon encounter has never been picked
you know that's that was an early movie
that I bought that I was really excited
to share with everyone
no he's have a bow attached oh wait no
he's thinking there we go okay ah so uh
thank all the people who described
minutes during this chat much like
Wolfington one two three look at Jones
Euler's number four twenty two fucking
months in a row Brown Adam Sandler for
16 months
Adam AG this new subscriber for 25
fucking months in a row says
pika P is a Curos thread water
mccords Nick for thirty four fucking
months in a row don't think there's an
armored macaws Nick you are correct what
timing how weird one timing my cosmic
what did you do
you're saying his name wrong enraged him
and incited the Blood Moon macaws nick
says almost three years if I were better
about remembering to reapply twitch
prime sub it probably would be three
years we had a star Horrible's for 35
fucking months in a row
who said I just realized next month is
my 36 month prereq resub but I turned 37
years old one week before that's so
close to matching up by the way you guys
Rock Tsar reason Haram Haram the one who
says far Fuli load 'm for 17 months in a
row who says inching closer to a year
and a half star to valleys pc
multiplayer beta is here and i can only
ask why what am i evil think you need
multiplayer the guy who made stardew
valley didn't even want to fucking do it
what am I not getting about that what's
the point of multiplayer you don't get
it either
by the way I totally don't fucking get
it I like multiplayer games and I don't
get why you would want that in stardew
valley but the stardew valley is a one
reason is a Zen thing there's one reason
okay you have a girlfriend who likes
tartar valley and she wants to get
married to you in the stardew valley
that is the one and only reason is there
local cooperative my Tomi
what else well you mean you could be
play from two different places
right but what abut if well and I know
you don't look into it you would know
this is so this is more of a question
for the chat is is there a way to couch
co-op stardew valley because then that
would make sense like oh yeah me and my
me and my girlfriend we really like it
we'll sit on the couch and you know
played the stardew valley and hang out
together I could see I could see that
but I can't imagine couch co-op working
and start devalued have to share a
screen I'm very very sorry what you
could you could just ignore it I mean I
don't get it either but I don't go hey I
must start doing having it doesn't it
doesn't infuriate me I'm for people who
want it yeah it just doesn't make any
sense yeah I don't get it yeah
terney Mac yeah sam serious dude gaming
unicorn who says just wanted to say that
I thought you guys came up with a very
creative solution for the prereq app so
good job anyways I automatically dislike
god of war because it doesn't feature
Loki fucking a horse like in the
original lore seriously look at up Oh
but by the way I did like I looked up
like they have like trees family trees
or for Norse mythology there are several
horses on there it's not just one horse
there's a lot of horse fuckers mythology
you know fine fine John Baum Tony let's
go when I lost myself um Doug 444
motherfucking months in a row says
before the camera and the green screen
before the overlay before Neil Breen
comics and movies is all they had to say
goddamn that's all they still talk about
today you guys rock it all is okay but
Jesus Christ
I miss Jade Oh was a nice time that was
a very nice rhyme poetry I didn't catch
on
I'm just dumb yeah that's great
dumb beverage the door silly ow d
Patrick oh I think Patrick oh but Rinku
Petrenko Petrenko clone two seven two
seven four twenty six fucking months in
a row who says Jack you should really
watch ts9 Star Trek Deep Space nine I
assume yeah I was skeptical at first too
but it's really fantastic it's enough
Trek that you'd probably like it it's
good it is good you know what I I I'm
not adverse to giving it a try right now
there's a lot of shows on my palate I'm
not my palate there's a lot of shows on
the plate Deep Space 9 was them trying
to find their own identity outside of
the next generation and that's something
that Voyager was never able to do that's
true
that's right now I'm not adverse to it I
just you know right now I'm starting up
other shows I just the wife and I just
started binging Atlanta and have been
really enjoying that so there's just too
much there's too much but I'm not
adverse to deep space 9 okay humberto
Cabbage Patch for farty motherfucking
months in a row says steamed hams hmm
that's something they said or has had
some kind of emote I assume that's
something they said okay okay
steamed hams mmm ser each end for twenty
six fucking months in a row who says
ohoho ohoho
thanks for the stream see in another
three or four months give
remember it's Chen not Chen I said right
did I say wrong hey well I wasn't paying
attention when you said it I'm just
going to assume you got it wrong so I
can berate you that's pretender pretend
beer for 17 months in a row
I smell zero this was a disabled or
disciple there's no that's disciplined
daddy discipline daddy the real fandom
the whole dwellers Billa hecka for 47
motherfucking months in a row have have
you decided what you are going to do for
4 years yeah you have haven't I talked
to you about this you heaven other than
I just put you in charge of the whole
fucking thing oh yeah I know what I'm
doing ok I hope you do I sure hope you
do I do I know what's that what were you
going now you I don't know what happened
he just got up and he's staring at
something did you get up just to squash
a bug yeah really
I lost it all that and you didn't even
get it I lost it you didn't even get it
I lost it I lost it I saw a bug in the
corner of my eye gasps whoo shit I say
I'm the crazy murderous one jack has a
legit lentil recipe also just remember
when you when you do make your lentils
when you boil your lentils I had plenty
of salt to that water once it's a pretty
hard so what did Billa hecka say before
you stop to get up a small ship there
was a spider or something maybe a Senate
please spider even sense it would made a
bit of centipede I didn't get a good
look at it
green-screen down-ass the industry was
fine Billa hecka 447 my god it
completely gave up yeah it's just done
it's just done with everything we got it
we still have to get that fixed and soon
I'm on it all right I'm on him all right
Billa eka 47 motherfucking run Sandro
says one more month and I will have been
subscribed as long as a presidential
term speaking of pussies why did you
morph into a cat jack and why wasn't
rich sneezing like crazy I morphed into
a cat for those who don't know in our
latest God of War review because the
camera that was on me I set to auto
focus and it completely freaked the fuck
out a lot like our green screen is
freaking the fuck out and everything was
blurry and rich wasn't sneezing all the
time because I was actually there and I
filmed biskits my cat at home later so
I'm about to bring the chair back into
the studio but rich won't sneeze like
crazy because my cat is hypoallergenic
I'm around it long enough I start to
feel it a little bit okay nowhere near
as bad as normal right so I'm hoping
that the hair leftover on the chair
won't make you flip out but I think
it'll be fine all right
all right yeah the last humus D Park
official dog side 200
Steve the ghost Oh
gents Roberto a robot oh I guess jets
Jensen Roboto says just the worst
detective you guys do great though keep
up the good work
mo Mike one two three four who says
thanks for the new prereq did Jack have
to film biscuit shots when rich was away
because of Richards cat allergy I did
not because of riches cat I was more
worried actually about biscuit flipping
out bringing him here yeah like if I if
I had to if I brought biscuit to the
studio and tried to get him to sit on a
chair he might have flipped down so I
brought portions of the set to my house
and then he was just calm and chill
though that cat would do anything for
treats reckless four forty three
motherfucking months in a row sub sonic
Bell for 12 months in a row who says Wow
one entire year of hack fraud er E it's
been great except for that time I
accidentally hurt Rich's feelings by
teasing that he looked too pale in a
review I felt really bad about that
thanks for the great times I hope no
hard feelings hey don't even remember
the incident so it's all good I guess
there you go Krister I do I got a plan
well then I'll have to redo the
green-screen my help
oh now when that's freaking out again
better but no that fix it yeah all right
who oh that that light is right oh yeah
we can't play games like this this is
terrify need we need a solution well
that works that that cleans it right up
but yeah we need to I got it I got a
solution holy crap that's bright oh I
know like you guy in like fer for the
chat they don't know like this big shift
that just happened in here
but whoo-hoo where were we we were hot
dog buns for 20 fucking months in a row
rev nose 1313 for 20 fucking months a
neurosis Jack hmm
I've heard there was a rivalry between
clowns and magicians
what are your feelings on magicians I
like magicians right so there's no
rivalry it's just rumor it's all imagine
there's a rivalry you know there might
be like there might be like a hey I was
supposed to get that Bar Mitzvah by Hugh
Capet
no I don't think there's a rivalry I
think they share a lot of similar
attributes and no they probably they
probably get along just fine
you know you know something I'd like to
learn what I'd like to learn how to do
sleight of hand yeah I think they'd be a
neat party trick I think it's easy to
pick up no no no good well you know I
like it I want to do sleight of hand
good enough just to do like a coin thing
just simple coin thing okay that's
something I'd like to learn cavity they
got your nose to your kids
oh yeah sure no and you know like I have
younger nieces and nephews and I can I
do like really bad sleight of hand where
it's like I I I do the the like I have a
coin in my hand and I like you know hope
you see that but then like you know they
get distracted easily I just put in my
pocket yeah yeah I'm gonna go okay what
hands it in yeah fuck fuck oh no I don't
know we should look for you know get out
pull it out of their ears they their
world is destroyed you're not careful
they're gonna believe in Jesus right
shag soda ah yeah check so Tallulah
monster turtle the white might be nine
little pale forest Tim L mooks it's like
a French thing you pronounce the accent
just mute my
you gotta say like yeah yeah yeah let me
let me as they say a phone them all let
me mr. Mellott Conda says the budding
screenwriter and have written three
feature lengths good job I really enjoy
and have learned many a thing from you
hack frauds and look forward to hearing
more hey keep keep writing that's great
snuke master 20 who says I've noticed
that jake pronounces my username
slightly wrong he says the first part as
snook when really it's snuke like nuke
with an s in the front of it well I said
it correctly this time I might have said
it incorrectly in the past and I'm sorry
you feel terrible
oh no I don't Millard Damon Master
Kenobi for 47 motherfucking months in a
row it's happening plan I hope so big
big plan
I hope so if you want to juggle or
something this is all I know it's gonna
be juggling right I'm gonna juggle and
ride a unicycle I used to be able to
juggle pretty well I could probably
juggle a little bit I obviously I used
to be able to juggle very well I'm a
little out of practice
did it ever one item Master Kenobi says
I you're you're a mess rich heavy
I know Master Kenobi says I'm off for
four weeks
thanks to gallbladder surgery one more
month and you guys have something
prepped for me right also have you
considered playing hitman as it seems
like it would appeal to your love of
choice
and riches love up stuff I would I just
like oh my god I'm suffocating under all
these games I don't want to play some
Xmas under or lives under a heap of
other should Tweedledum says you are
both wonderful it's true I was making
sure I had enough I've had that the
pronunciation properly yes there's a lot
of EBS we delete alone could have been
maybe I don't know Alger not for 14
months in a row who says move along
nothing to read here live long
wicked Wonka kick girl V for 25 fucking
months in a row baron von vendor him
Pizza Train 11 for 39 motherfucking
months in a row who says Celtics win
okay congratulations
I think they in the player they've died
nah they made it to the playoffs okay
they're playing off with the basketball
they did they did the hoops that that
was closer to June and they got more
whose shirt off I have you I just I
repeated the thing you said and I have
no idea okay
what a basketball does or is so did they
they might have lost for all I know and
and they just said that this is it
surely this seems early I thought I
thought the basketball playoffs are a
little bit later in the summer
is this the Final Four unless luster no
way no visit that I heard that plaster
going on
I think that works you like your July 4
passes when you put your bracket
together and it's bet on the basketballs
I'd I just have no idea okay sister 13
brownie has 0 aimless Corsair usually
named for 42 motherfucking months in a
row def mojo alley rasa for 27 fucking
months in a row says that's all the fun
times I'll send more 4th 10th beer soon
left over beefcake 442 motherfucking
months in a row beefcake see I'm not
thinking of hockey Chad because I
thought hockey's playoffs for the exact
same time as the NBA's playoff because
the Stanley Cup Finals in the NBA Finals
frequently kind of overlap alright I
think oh hey beefcakes cells my god I'm
sorry
hmm you know maybe Jack is on to
something maybe the introduction of
cheeseburgers is how Taco Bell wins the
franchise Wars of 2032 that's right
beefcake
it's all part of the plan lol
murder/death/kill my doctor cooked Oh
hacked our cook to Cocteau dr. Cocteau
he saw the movie that was a while ago I
don't remember things like last year we
did a review for it which means we liked
it I do like it I still like it was so
nice fucking name I don't remember
things are specific a way to make
all right say it say let's say the last
couple ones where we got oh we got lay
incandescent cactus who says will we
ever see roller Gator no probably not
and not Captain Picard we said I was a
double double cannot Captain Picard who
says Richard Jack what is best in life
as aemond Asians are
