Apr 29, 2018
God of War, Slay the Spire
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/256048290
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/256050171
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/256051320
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS_5f5pd-kw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffez980BWJQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfONQNvSg1E
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/990680742073118726

[Part I]
it's muted hey hey hey what's going on
you guys missed all the riveting
conversation about how I was talking
about how we couldn't tweet the riveting
yeah we're early the original plan today
we had plans film a review for this yeah
but I I would like to play more of the
game I would like I would like to get
further in the game before we do that
rich isn't quite at a point where he can
talk about the full game yeah I would
like rich to finish the story with doing
that I'd like you to finish the story
problem is we don't get games two weeks
advance yes that is the problem and
enricher you had nothing else happening
this week no other no other things to
watch no other big reviews to do the
other day yeah that was that was off the
table a few days ago oh yeah I
understand I understand it's the jury on
this game still I'm actually liking it
those game was growing on me more and
more than more I've plated
I have very complicated feelings about
the game and overall I don't think I
like it you cannot count but there are
lots of parts of the games that I do
like of the game that I do like right so
you know it's complicated I do like the
head and there's a head hanging on my
bell temple in the lake of the night and
I'll get you to your home I promise that
had talks to me and and he's funny you
know Scottish accent yeah this head from
Norse mythology talks to me in a
Scottish accent yeah I think it's that's
fine that's fine it's fine
conversationalist
here we go boom
so you're still playing breath of the
wild basically as soon as I got done
with the story to this game I went right
back back to breath of the wild and I've
gotten a little further in the ballot of
champions DLC once you get past the
one-hit obliterator stuff it's it's
sailing well and you know like when you
have time to focus on the one-hit
obliterator stuff it's very it's nice
it's neat it's a different way to play
the game though I did discover while the
one-hit obliterator
replaces all other all of your melee
weapons yeah you still get your bow and
arrow yeah so then it's just like oh I
can destroy everyone with my bows and
arrows and not worry about getting hit
at all so Jack what I I asked this
knowing full well the answer no yes yes
what is your least favorite aspect of
Zelda breath of the world my least your
same least favorite aspect of it you
know obviously like I have a few qualms
with the game but I overall I would say
my least favorite aspect is the weapon
braking the weapons braking the weapon
braking thing I don't I don't like
having to constantly pick up new weapons
it's like when they break yet I like
being comfortable with my one weapon so
you were you were all excited about the
DLC at first because you thought oh it's
gonna make the Master Sword permanent
fixture permanent fixture permanent
fixture that Master Sword and love that
then you find out no it really doesn't
it just makes it stronger
Oh Jack what how much would you give for
a DLC or something that would give you
infinite durability how much would you
pay
Oh infinite durability on the Master
Sword okay yeah infinite durability on
the Master Sword and that and then we
could assume that I could pick up the
Master Sword you know like it never runs
out of energy or whatever runs out of
energy
whoo would you would you pay $10 for
that yeah I don't know if I'd pay
attendant you wouldn't pay $10 for that
I don't know I you know that's that's a
tricky question your biggest gripe with
the game yeah we're willing you were
really what it was 20 what you were all
over that when you thought the the DLC
was gonna add in durability well but you
get you get bonus content with that like
yeah you're talking about standalone
just one weapon DLC no other content
yeah no no you hear you get like oh well
you get some trials you get some new
stuff to do you get some new bonuses and
also ah you know maybe five bucks okay I
thought it might be more your single
biggest gripe with the game good uh yeah
I I will I will say this upon my second
playthrough I've changed up a lot of my
playstyle and I'm avoiding a lot more
fights this time and so it's definitely
less of an issue for me okay Jack rich
what if I told you
that that theoretically theoretically
you could go home tonight and have
infinite durability on your master sword
what infinite durability Jack how would
you feel about that I would call you a
liar and a fool you would call me a liar
and a fool I I would say rip I'd say
rich Evans there's no mods on the
Nintendo switch so Jack what if I told
you that in theory you could go home
tonight tonight and have infinite
durability on every item in the game
every weapon every elemental weapon
every shield infinite durability endless
what what if I told you you could have
that I would ask you how because this
seems like a pipe dream what what if I
told you jack what if I told you that
this isn't a joke I'm interesting how
interested are you more interested in
just one moment
I finally tweeted okay now I mean okay
now that I'm telling you that I am NOT I
am being dead serious
I can get infinity go home tonight yeah
have evident durability not just in the
master sword but on all of the fire rods
all of the Spears all of the clubs so
that all of the shield I could just have
whatever weapons I wanted whatever
weapons you wanted all the time all
right
how much would you pay for this I don't
know man I'm sticking with my $5 I don't
know how important this is I what I
don't know what the gag is here I'm not
kidding
what if I told you Jack the only price
was your soul jack
you know you're not a believer you're
not a believer you don't believe in
Souls would you would you would you give
up your very soul to have a husband of
durability on every item in Zelda Jack I
would need I would need some some sort
of clear-cut legal definition on what
you consider my soul to be because you
know a lot of people think that soul is
just like you know your free will you
wouldn't you go home tonight all the
weapons infinite durability tonight you
know what you know the only thing a cost
Jack you need to play it on an emulator
the the the emulated Wii U version of
the game which which because if you play
it on a good enough PC actually looks
and runs better that the version on the
switch I believe that it has mod Jack
and you can have infinite durability on
everything in the game but it would cost
a little piece after you've cost a
little piece your soul Jack you'd have
to use an emulator I am downloading it
right now I do hear they've gotten it to
run pretty smoothly I do hear that would
you do it
No
no what if I told you Jeff what are you
can we just keep this what if I told
Jeff it happening all night because I
love it
not only jag can you get infinite
durability on the master sword on all of
the magic rods all of the magic swords
all of my Spears like I could just all
of the she'll have a shield that never
breaks and never break the sword and
like just not only that oh there's a mod
you can play as female link an extensive
mod where they have not just changed the
model they've they've gotten a voice for
it oh god they've gotten some I think
some new animations and some new facial
features just for the female link mod
what if I told you Jack that the the
bastard cycle you get the DLC yeah you
can mod that to be a giant floating
banana that that interests me I don't
really care about there's another mod
that turns it into the Road Runner the
the Looney Tunes Road Runner yeah that
guy sends a goofiness for me but like if
you're just telling me that they could
give me the motorcycle without having to
work for it you know night sock you can
play as linkle winkle li n ki and a li n
k le Winkle Winkle that's the female is
female link tonight wait for DLC to come
out you just got to play it on an
emulator guy just have to give up all of
my morals yes for and it would be
everything I would ever everything you
ever wanted out of that game Jack you're
the dick PC running at 4k oh my god oh
my god native 4k no upscale and go and
probably significantly smoother than it
runs on my switch cuz I still get a lot
of free traffic
oh Jesus I was curious I thought this
might be the thing that gets Jack to use
it oh I know I mean that's tempting that
early you own the game yeah I know
that's a bigger bigger issue than just
that that is fairly tempting fairly
fairly telling you can tell rich was
looking forward to this bit all day I
was you know not looking forward to this
bit all day rich texted me at like 11
o'clock last night basically and you
just said said Jack just in case I
forget I have something I need to talk
to you about on stream and this is like
11 o'clock at night like so rich I was
like I'm about to go to bed and he's
like I made a special text just to me
like this is going down I don't I don't
I don't care about the infinite
durability but there's some other visual
mods I show you out oh that looks neat
though sure new versions of that shield
bet looks neat I bet that's what I'm
interested in yeah yeah
no that would be nice and you know I I
get it I get it not not quite enough to
tempt me but very close yeah mostly just
because I don't know if I if I feel like
playing it after I'm done with this
playthrough I don't know if I'll feel
like playing it again
I see I'm half I'm half way through it
my free play after hearing about all
this shit I can do with the the emulated
version I'm gonna start from scratch
again
I think halfway done with a complete all
the shrines playthrough yeah fuck it I'm
starting over starting over certain
emulating all right I mean that's you
know you can mod out the rain slipping
Oh see now you're talking see I would
hesitate to do anything that would
change the gameplay as much as I find
the rain slipping irritating yeah marine
slipping is very irritating weapon
braking is very irritating but
these are kind of like core gameplay
elements but oh but oh man that is that
is very tempting rich knows I disapprove
he also knows I'm not gonna go out of my
way to stop him I'm not gonna do more
than waggle my finger at him like he can
do what he wants he's a grown-ass adult
paid good money for the game I filled
the zero guilt
exactly exactly we go with I'm not I'm
not harsh on on anyone's vibe here we're
just we're just talking
I and you know what I hope you have fun
thank you I hope you have fun and I
guess that's are you gonna do are you
gonna mod for infinite durability I
probably won't do that but I thought
that would be so unique I was like very
curious how you would react to that cuz
that was your big complaint that it was
my big complaint and and like I said
actually a lot of that has been
mitigated my second playthrough because
I've learned so much from my first
playthrough where it's like I now know
how fighting enemies is really
unimportant and so I just you know I go
around I don't worry about weapon
durability though it still does bug me
every once in a while like if I haven't
really awesome happened I love it and
then it breaks or like the how how
breaking you know you get it like a
hammer and you're smashing rocks open
and they break all the time an axe to
cut down trees
did I ever owned a game genie for a
console item for the original NES it's
the only one I ever had might have had
one for like the Super Nintendo cute put
in a little code you get you know fast
play or infinite bullets or what yeah
that's cute I might have I don't know if
I used it much
three of sweet Goulding's bones and
spread them across the lake bring me her
bones this emulator mod is no different
than a game GP the the emulator mod
isn't my problem my problem is with
emulation in general though Oh mods I
have no problem with mods are great it
is how many mods do you get away from
the intended game yeah right then it's
like yeah you're having a single-player
game having fun
exactly no I have actually no problem
with any mods yeah whatsoever my problem
is with emulation in general and
obviously we've had so many
conversations about that we're not going
to deal with it right now but know my
mantra game away man I just thought that
might be the thing that the map man that
might be the thing that makes Jack pause
it definitely you know that it gives me
pause to think like ooh that was a big
problem I had to do
I Brown Adam Sandler I did see infinity
war with my kids we're not gonna we're
not gonna get too deep into infinity war
talk as obviously it's opening weekend
rich obviously saw it I also saw it we
won't spoil anything today no send you
to chat
no spoilers no joke spoilers no nothing
be cool its opening weekend we're not
talking about if Mike and you know what
my wife didn't get a chance to see it
but me and the kids went and if my kids
can be respectful of spoilers you can if
a goddamn ten and six-year-old can
handle spoilers soak in the chat
true-blue review yes I see your tip can
I spoil Justice League yeah Justice
League is out of the spoiler zone go
ahead yeah that's been out for a while
as someone who works for twit for twitch
moderation you overestimate the chat I'm
asking you to be to be on the same level
as a six-year-old
well that's asking for a lot but I
believe in you you can do it it's
opening weekend
it's opening you have a heart now am i
right maybe Wednesday maybe next week
we'll get into deep spoiler talk but
yeah for now just let it be overall I
thought it was pretty cute I got some
issues with it not too many I'm probably
gonna see it again mostly because my
wife didn't get to see it and she'll
watch the review the half in the bag
you'll know how I feel about bumping it
was a giant oh right yeah the half of
the bag is out you'll know exactly how
rich feels thank you jack
no problem get hack silver do either of
you have a favorite game in the favorite
character in this game mine is Mamere
the head yeah I like my mirror really
thought about it I'll you know Kratos is
funny he's a easy he's a fun care of
these are good Drax and this he's a bit
Drex in that really played for laughs
but yeah practical to a fault
one-pass didn't want to meet alone that
night
I like when creo says boy well then you
you'll have a lot to like in this game
he says that a lot actually I think
we're coming up on what might be what
might be my favorite location of the
game ice ice world oh yeah this is it
cuz cuz right now Ritchie you are on the
journey to get the tip of a chisel yeah
of a giant chisel okay that's what you
are on a journey to do and you need that
you need part of the tip of the chisel
in order to open special door my ability
to concentrate the story is gonna be
minimal tonight absolutely screaming no
but this is one of my favorite locations
and to see why in a little bit like
right there look at look at that that's
the Giant's hand you see like the
fingernail and like a ring ring like
that's neat a fucking big-ass dead giant
that you get to crawl around
yeah get it together
one nice nice Oh big with big whiff
Ridge let's see here true blue refuses
hey guys I literally just finished
watching Weird Al's UHF when your stream
started and I absolutely loved it thank
you for recommending it Jack I think it
would be a perfect perfect for a review
quite possibly I know I called it a
classic flash dream and rich disagreed
so at very least rich is wrong and we
know that so that would be a good start
to a review is how wrong which is
because UHF is absolutely a class all
right whatever
UHS UHF is an awesome movie and
hilarious I like I do wonder how it
holds up because some of the some of the
references were of their time yep but so
I don't know I don't know how a younger
generation would feel about UHF button
unit 603 idiots as rich is wrong well
there's the first time for everything
your kids watch you in UHF and they'd
say what's a librarian they know what a
library yes
banged out what I librarian is no they
would just wonder why Weird Al isn't
singing his songs because they they know
Weird Al their songs and they're like
when's he's gonna sing the song what's
the Conan
what's a book hey now what books is kids
know what books is settle down I know
what books is where would they know what
a book is because you know they go to
school and shit they read the books
they're giving them tablets well they
also have tablets but also books books
are still a thing
what's with the poor game audio you know
what I actually don't know and we've had
this issue before where the audio is
crackle II and I don't know why and we
haven't figured that out it might have
something to do with our Elgato Game
Capture card but it's also sending janky
audio to us and I'm sorry that you get
the janky audio but we can't really fix
it ah there it is look at that look at
that didn't they say earlier that the
frost giants weren't really giants but
he is a giant frost giant they did say
that the frost ranks weren't really
Giants but except for him who was real
giant and he's dead with a giant chisel
in his fucking hand and it's great
yeah yeah I did I have completed the
game I have finished the game on heaven
hundred percent of the game but I have
beat I finished the story and I was
hoping rich would have time to finish it
as well but I understand
another big review thing was happening
this week so as I'm liking the combat in
this check the combats the combat is
perfectly adequate rich it's cool it's
just adequate it's good this is not but
mission I'm sticking with that equipment
what you hit him in the butt with your
axe Ridge
oh you got it you got to get better at
that Perry this is the first time I've
run across these enemies and I'm not
familiar with the timings Jay I'm sure
Pat was taken I will discuss my full
feelings on the game when rich and I do
our full review and I don't want to get
too into it yet
I have many feelings on the game some
positive some negative some Mitylene
it's all over the place lots of talk
about I think it's it's good weighty
combat my actions feel deliberate you
know yeah I think there's more to it
than that
the whole thing it's a whole thing
Dark Matter says let me guess Jack hates
the unskipable cutscenesthat's nice
kappa cutscene it's a little deeper than
that dark matter yeah i think i think 10
out of 10 is going a bit far but I like
this game oh yeah I think anyone who did
a 10 out of 10
my there might be something wrong with
that person
Felix on Mars I don't know where your
Felix Omar says is it worth it
considering it's so short it's not short
it's not a short game the the story will
take you at least 20 hours and then
there's a bunch to do other than that
and I'm gonna be honest for an action
story that's a bit long for an action
adventure oh yeah I think for an action
game like 10 to 12 is actually a good
length and so yeah I don't know where
you're hearing that this game is short
because it is certainly not with all of
the side missions I could I if you were
gonna hundred percent it I guess you'd
get 40 or 50 hours that's a pure
estimate based off of the story that I
finished and a little bit of the side
missions that I've finished so
what does it say oh and you know what I
haven't played the new I know slay the
spire recently released their new
character and I haven't had a chance to
play I don't know 10 out of 10 is
equating this game to blood-borne which
seems ridiculous to me it is yes yeah
whoever whoever has given this game a 10
out of 10 you should raise an eyebrow -
and we talked about this a little bit
last time is is you know 10 out of 10
means perfect 10 out of 10 means there
is no problems whatsoever this is a
perfect game and you can say that about
so few games you can't say that about
amazing games so you know but if if that
is how a reviewer feels about it then
you know I guess that's our viewer feels
but like to say 10 out of 10 that's
weighty to me there are very few games I
would give a perfect score out of light
like I you know we talked about this
little last room where it like to me
portal portal 1 that's a 10 out of 10
that's an absolutely perfect game no I
couldn't find any flaws in that if I
tried everything about that game is
beautiful but even a game that I love
and I have at this point you know 150
hours into it like breath of the wild
there are some flaws to them you know
that's an 9 out of 10 8 out of 10 that's
almost perfect
you got stood for those guys you gots to
throw a thing at them that's a No
look around on the ground that's what
this blue no no no oh wait no oh that's
the red I'm looking at the glowy blue
part but I guess you have to I guess the
red things are in the way I know what
you mean um
so you gotta find I've done those before
yeah yeah oh there it is my I was going
straight to the blue part and I missed
that they were surrounded by the red the
red part yes yeah like this or breath of
what breath of the wild I like better
portal was like a three hour game yes a
perfect 3-hour game and after that
absolutely perfect game there's nothing
wrong with a short game right if it was
any longer they might have felt a need
to stretch out a segment too long or
might have overstayed its welcome or you
know had you retrace your steps or done
something to make it not perfect portal
is perfect every little bit of it every
short bit of it is perfect how quickly
can you beat Super Mario Brothers oh so
it can't be perfect
nope yeah don't shit your pants exactly
10 out of 10 perfect game very short
game some of my favorite games can be
beaten in like five hours oh yeah yeah
like mauricio 596 says to me short games
can can never be perfect that that
articulate yes
that's ridiculous if the experience only
lasts a couple hours but it's very
satisfying why why where do where do
gamers get in their head that something
needs to be X amount of hours because
some games are 40 hours right and so
that means they should all be 40 hours
exactly even though that's not
appropriate for every game that's like
saying every movie you know because most
movies are 90 minutes every movie must
be 90 minutes like that's an acceptable
average but sometimes they're longer
sometimes they're shorter sometimes a
movie isn't the right medium so we turn
it into a TV show and it's better and
it's five hours but over you know in
one-hour chunks and it's better that way
no every every narrative story in a
visual medium must be exactly 190
minutes exactly
is blood-borne a 10 out of 10 for me
might be it would be really hard for me
to think of a criticism for blood-borne
a thing a problem I had with it if not a
10 out of 10 you know 9 out of 10
definitely 10 out of 10 maybe I'd have
to give it some thought
jack is it possible you can like a game
that has some flaws more than a game
that has less flaws but the highest you
start is good is that not possible of
course it's possible of course that's
possible you can't get too caught up in
numbers yeah
well that's that's the whole problem
with the number system is you know for
for me and this is only speaking for me
because I know rich is about 2 is it
does disagree with me but I would give
something like Firewatch on an 8 out of
10 if I were yeah a number kind of
person but I would also give breath of
the wild an 8 or a 9 out of 10 obviously
those are two wildly different
experiences huh
but for me like if I were to break down
the numbers similarly that's probably
where they would end up but so wildly
different that you can't even compare
the numbers it's almost like it's a it's
a more complex situation than just a
simple number score yeah replayability
is a fact that you'd be entertaining
absolutely a game a game like the zone
of the enders 2 can be beaten in 5 hours
I've probably played through it like 10
times yeah yeah
but you know let every game is different
and so judging different things by
similar standards is it is a fool's
errand my friends
it's more complicated than than oh you
prick
then scores or numbers
oh that wind up is very satisfying when
you get that wind up perfectly and just
slice through someone with your axe yep
Mauricio says a masterpiece with flaws
is still a 10 out of 10 for me right and
to me that's insanity because 10 out of
10 means no flaws like 10 out of 10 is
no flaws and so you're saying a
masterpiece with claws is 10 out of 10
it's it's it's that logic doesn't sit
well with me but again numbers don't
necessarily sit well with me it's a bout
of minutiae of detail it's about context
dreamer take a no riches I don't know
well I'm looking
but there is no game with no flaws so
that logic doesn't make sense when
reviewing game says Red Ranger
agreed what's Tetris swamp what's
portals flaw
what but but that leads to my other
point of it doesn't make much sense to
review things with numbers
it's about it's about something greater
than numbers and there are games with no
flaws what's shadow of the classes is
gone
what's portal flaw was Tetris is flawed
what's the original Super Mario Brothers
for
what happened easier to do that me hey
Jack do you hate animes know I like
several animes I like several animes I
don't extensively watch a lot of animes
but I like like how do you feel about
portal 2 it's fine
I like portal 1 better for the two is
fine
not my favorite I didn't like I didn't
like a bit of portal 2 I thought while
the while the new like all the all the
new puzzle elements were cute it kind of
took away from the simplicity of the
first portal you know it added some took
away from the simplicity well yeah you
know the bouncy gel the the slippery gel
all that stuff is yeah it's cute but
more variation didn't necessarily do it
for me but it was fun I love potato
GLaDOS that was that was great that's
just fun that's just fun yeah it's fine
it was all fine not as not as perfect as
portal but still pretty good see that
that was a fun fight that's a fun fight
yes the the fights are fun I my my issue
to dip a little bit into review talk is
the fights are fun I think they're a
little too few and far between for my
taste and you have to put up with a lot
of malarkey in between your fights it's
a little trick my people can pull a
special way of not being seen
you can be invisible more like I can
step into the realm between rounds and
your mind doesn't understand what it's
seeing so it sees nothing at all that's
how we avoid ever having to actually use
the weapons we craft hmm
we can't hear the in-game sounds do you
hear anything in the game we can't go
too loud because when the battle starts
but you let him touch this again just go
up a little bit not too much
how about that is that better yeah cuz
we you know when the battle starts then
then it'll get nuts come on
I can hear just not when you're talking
that's how we want that's the point
that's exactly how we would like it to
be
dude dude thank you oh yeah Brown Adam
Sandler that is a little too spoilery
but that's very funny I got your tip
pretty amusing this one okay no spoil
spoiler spoiler spoiler as far as what
speak to you
it is somewhat awkward menu yeah and
that's but that's the best I can give
you on that don't spoil Jack for you
know I I've seen infinity war so if
you're gonna give me a tip to spoil it
that's fine but don't spoil it for the
chat hmm that's that's the important
part
don't spoil it for chat you need 24
smoldering embers where do I get
smoldering embers where do I get
smoldering embers there is a what do you
call it there is a vestigial world a
world in which you do not necessarily
need to go to that's like a burning
world and I believe you get smoldering
embers in the burning world because you
know there's there's there's there's
Midgard which we which we're in now yeah
there's the world you went to before
there's Jotunheim there's there's other
realms you can go to yeah to get shit
I don't think I was enough bang for the
buck for this one to be worth it
well it means neat looking though you
can't like them I like it I don't have
any member I know I know
boy don't even worry about think you can
think ahead oh sure without that one's
nice big big defense buff that's good
big cooldown buff yeah could be that
could be nice it'd be neat well they
seemed all-around worse some of them
some of them do
do-do-do-do-do let's see here i am matt
white says hey Jack and rich I have
finals next week and feel like the
weight of the world is crashing down on
me how do you deal with dress poorly I
can't I am of no help to you absolutely
of no help to you poorly I turn into a
quivering wreck of the yesterday fries
yes many many tears and you know myself
is I just take it a little bit at a time
I'm a friend if if you find yourself in
a situation where you when you're
overwhelmed just start breaking up the
overwhelming things into pieces and
tackle a little bit of your problem at a
time
okay in order to do this one big thing I
know I need to do all these little
things and then eventually you do a
couple little things and the momentum
starts to break it up into smaller bits
my friends
it's okay to do some things to better
your personal health a little meditation
time take 20 minutes of quiet time just
don't listen to music don't do anything
take some time to get inside your own
head has tried that that really helps me
when I get stressed out as you do like
three pages of free writing have you
ever heard of this it's it's a wonderful
weight you know all that crazy bullshit
that rattles around in the brain at all
times if I find myself getting really
stressed out like if I have a lot of
projects yeah what I'll do is I will
free write three pages which is just you
keep writing until you fill three pages
in a notebook then you love to paper
trail of your weaknesses you can't do
that well you can burn it afterwards but
the point is once you get them out of
your head and onto a piece of paper I
find that it relaxes just some I get it
yeah what well that didn't work how do
you get so that could be something that
is helpful
if george RR martin that tip with its
did you they he did a really great like
Q&A; with him and Stephen King recently
george RR martin and stephen king and
they had a funny little back and forth
about how stephen king just writes so
goddamn much in georgia or martin it's
just like what what the hell how do you
do that man it's like sometimes I'll
just look at a blank page and stare at
it all day and that'll be my day and
Stephen King's like just right who cares
if it's garbage just write it write it
out then I wrote a book while we were
having this conversation it's garbage
but it'll sell great and I wrote it but
the point is if you get stressed you got
it you have to find some way to deal
with it or it will eat you yes
fuck brother no brother no who cares if
it's garbage
Stephen King 2018 guess what my friends
that's a lot of the creative industry
you just got to do it you'd be surprised
how many bad movies have we watched over
the years rich how many bad movies have
you seen in a movie theater just do it
just make something and and you've done
it who cares if it's garbage
did you see Justice League someone made
that in fact that several people made
them oh this guy has wicked reach yeah
what difficulty setting that's what I
thought is the balance setting yeah a
fair challenge yeah don't let your
dreams be dreams that's right that's
right
just do it
just fucking do it but you waste your
time on garbage when you could be
productive well unless you're trying to
be unless you're trying to
professionally be a writer in which case
sometimes you got to just do some
garbage sometimes I just got a makeshift
this is the shield Perry does not work
on him I know you've been failing and
the shield Perry only works when it's
yellow if you see the red circle that's
something you can't pair and so you just
have to dodge the red circle but when
it's a yellow circle and can shield
Perry and you've just been missing it
but if you see a yellow circle it can be
Perry but you just have to hit the
timing see so that was red and you can't
yeah and that one I think he just missed
the time nice dodge nice dodge
was not exciting what yeah okay so Perry
knocks on the hall
well you've been slowly knocking around
we're off in the whole place hey writer
used to writes fail writes more than
write some more like anything you just
need practice is true like for for
anything in the creative field sometimes
you just have to put all the garbage out
there and then you just edit it later
but so I think a lot of people in the
creative industry get or who are trying
to get in the creative industry gets so
bogged down and making it a perfect
Hanoi from the get-go they forget to
just make things because it's not
perfect so why even write it down if
it's not perfect but you just got it you
got to write the garbage first and then
you make it you make it perfect later
who's the third man talking if you see
on Crate OSes belt here which can you
get a little closer move the camera
around see that dismembered head on
Kratos his belt that's the mirror and he
has joined us on this journey and he's
kind of our guide he's going to get us
into Hilton Heim but first there's much
shit we got to do first
first in order to get us to yard in
hyeme there's many things we have to do
if yours
but Mamere Mamere is is another is a
good always comic relief companion with
us did we sever his head we did on his
request rights Odin Odin had trapped him
in like a forever tree or something you
know something Nordic whatever and he he
had been trapped in a tree for hundreds
of years and so at his request we
removed his head and now he's just a
hell and my favorite part of that is
Kratos just refers to him as head like
he doesn't call him the mirror because
his head where we supposed to go yes
classic Kratos am i right he's fun he's
a fun character
Mamere burritos yeah practical to a
fault kratos is fun with these other
flavor characters like by himself he
probably a little bit much but there's
enough comic relief around him claim
that thing yeah
why are we going up and what we need is
all the way down there see yes boy head
woman I just leave smashing the ice
what how would want to turn the hammer
to Atlanta near the difficulty let's see
here
baba yaga Lalo says will there be any
spoiler talk of Avengers at the end of
the dream no no we won't even do a it's
spoiler time cut off thing today cuz
it's so fresh it just came out this
weekend maybe on Wednesday we'll do a
cut off time yeah but I mean even then
it's it's pretty fresh and and spoiler
alert there's stuff to spoil I have to
imagine though by Wednesday people who
are going to see this movie watch us
probably have probably have already
right so so my guess is like the second
half of Wednesday well we'll make a
cut-off point say now is the spoiler we
discuss
but not today no no spoiler talk today
and you as well in the chat no spoiler
talk not even jokes
Tom mcbowser trap says Jack so Jack does
a game with a parental relationship in
it appealed to you more because you're a
parent well he hates it so I'm gonna say
I mostly don't like it that's true I
like this I know yes yes rich mostly
like said I mostly do not like it here
here's my here's my joke about that
is uh the there is no in the game there
is no tell your son he did a good job
button
so that's Kratos but that's kind of the
story of the gifts even in Zelda there's
a pet your horse button and you get and
you you you you get a stronger
relationship build with your horse and
Zelda than you do in this game I'm not
gonna Pat my kid in the head he's a
barely adequate warrior he's in there
he's shooting arrows maybe if you patted
him on the head a little bit
he'd learn something instead of just
yelling at him Kratos has worked with
fifty other archers it would be better
for the job right because Kratos took
the time to train them and encourage
their murderous abilities
try that I missed something I'm barely
in the middle of a puzzle oh yeah you
might have needed to listen to him oh I
get to but something you might have
missed him say is it was written it was
written back winter okay
winter spring summer autumn that is also
true in Zelda there is no pet the dog at
the stable button which is a crime that
is a crime in Zelda that you can't pet
the dog rich is playing daddy issues
drink are we playing daddy issues
drinking game absolutely prepare to get
crunk at every point
but I guess I was kind of expecting I
was expecting a little something
gameplay involved with the bonding with
your son story whatever and and so as a
parent it didn't really resonate with me
because you know kid doesn't get better
as the game goes on yeah
but there you have very little to do
with that besides you beating up people
you beating up people gives you
experience to pass on to your son
so parenting no but you don't do
anything
I get experience in the end in the menu
you click that pass on to my son you
know but you don't do anything besides
click a button in the menu okay give me
a give me a encourage your son button oh
you and you're already 30 bullshit I do
i I'm sorry that I want gameplay and
story to have thematical elements that
work together it's an option not a
necessity today I'm trying to move the
art the other art form forward if you
want to beat things up and have fun yeah
that would work that would work too I'm
having fun beating things up or ago I am
fine with this
yeah that's a little preview of the
episode full episode we'll probably end
up filming later this week which needs
to get a little further well it's kind
of come what happens with the other
thing and by the early next oh sure sure
yeah well we'll get around to it there's
what I'm saying yeah we will make a God
of War episode
do I love that's my favorite that wind
up big two-handed x-wing very says not
shocked at all the very freedom
big whiff big win right there but what
I'm saying is there is a lot of this
game that is satisfying combat there's a
lot that works all I ask
yeah there's a lot that one so this
isn't a total failure as far as I'm
concerned and I'm coming down hard since
that story also rich you need to hurry
there's water coming
oh if you don't beat the bad guys fast
enough so I just got it I just got to be
the back if you don't beat them fast
enough for four classes
Jack one of my favorite things about God
of War was the spectacle boss fights
does this game have those it's got some
good boss fights um what do you mean by
spectacle the the big big boss fight
okay
the big boss fights that are sometimes
cutscenes sometimes they have some of
those yes I'm not as big on those but
they're certainly at least one Brown
Adam Sandler yes I'm sorry that you went
away from for a little bit but I did get
to your tip I didn't read it because I
thought it wasn't spoiler but it was
very funny I thought so
I don't I won't read your debt because
it's oily
yes turbo Dangerfield were early today
we we originally were going to film the
gotta for review episode today but rich
I wanted to get further riches and as
for a fur as as we'd like them to be
rich 10% more fur maybe 20% more for
well how far am I in the story you be
maybe I'm gonna say only halfway okay
I'm gonna say about halfway but you
might be like 3/5 maybe a little more
than halfway
oh look at that look at that then you
kick them right off the thing that's
awesome it's great yeah I'm getting
confirmation of people saying a little
over half or rippin fuckin hell
- punches
and the kid died in the fighting no the
the kid can never die he can be knocked
down which just means he's not available
to shoot arrows and the you know the kid
does a lot on his own shooting and
fighting bad guys but actually like like
what you just saw rich do is you can
actually point to things that you want
him to shoot and it's very helpful and
indecent in the fighting again like
especially with you especially those
dumbass witches where you really need to
shoot him a couple times to stun them
but you know the kids alright once you
get the kid leveled up a little bit and
he does more and you you can level up
his arrows and make his arrow stronger
it turns into a little badass he's out
there he's jumping around
he can call Egon summon beasts with his
arrows
how we feeling about the story is fine
it's a fine idea four-story fine idea
first story I think it's handled very
poorly which I can't get into for
spoilery reasons he wants to pet the kid
button i water that's a kid button why
can't i pat my kid on the head know
there's some other reasons too there's a
lot there's a lot of problems I have
with the story but just a little button
it's like hey wouldn't it be great if
like after a fight you could be like
good job you did adequate and maybe that
would affect like how the kid levels an
encouragement button what about what if
I don't like how he did then you say
that and that affects how he that's that
affects it all that's like a decision
you'd have to make as a parent and that
what if that would affect the gameplay
that'd be crazy
then that would be like theming story
with Jane pool and that would be a great
idea
stupid witches
a helicopter parent button right like if
you encouraged him too much
it maybe stuff what happened not enough
or in the wrong way or it would just be
different paths and it would just be
different depending on how you will
whereas parent or or how will you feel
Kratos would be as parent like you would
get to mold that wait
is there a Jackie's wrong button
absolutely absolutely
kid what are we doing
there's the jakka's wrong button
exclamation point Farscape
that's the jack is wrong button type
those buttons into chat and you get the
jack is wrong
oh also there's another one apparently
exclamation point Germany which says
when asking it for Jack's opinion on
something remember this he wasn't sure
if Germany was in the United Kingdom err
which that has very little to do with my
opinion that's just this geography are
you doing hitting guard instead of aim
Oh
well what I'm saying is geography and
knowledge of pop culture things are very
different you did well
the boy just having a little fun you big
jump there's like five commands about
Jack being wrong yeah yeah it happens
it's important to take things in stride
what is the last book I read the last
book I listened to as I've been
listening to more and more audiobooks
recently is is differently morphus the
new Yahtzee book the new Yahtzee
audiobook which is absolutely fantastic
yeah yes it's beautiful and recently I'm
starting to listen to in the completely
opposite direction I started we are
leaving there Bob but then got
distracted by a different audio book
called the color of law
yeah which is a nonfiction book about
the issue about the history of racial
segregation in city plowing that sounds
depressing it oh by the way horrifically
depressing but very interesting it's a
real downer you could have read a fun
book about space traffic yeah yeah it's
a real downer but but but also really
fascinating so that's me reading with my
ears I find that works better with my
schedule you know I can I can put on an
audio book and then like get my laundry
done do the dishes and stuff I can
multitask that way now let go and get
the chests nope
that's not an option it's not an option
to let go and go down and get the chest
cuz you could obviously get there easily
jump down there get the chest that is
not an option
you have to wait for the cutscene thing
to happen and then maybe you can get
down do you think one retains the
information the same way having read it
as long as you're paying attention
Zelda has ruined visible walls for
gaming oh my god right you just want to
climb in everything like I can't uh
there's there's no way I'd be able to
like you know I know rich does you do
this a lot were you like listen to stuff
while playing video game very frequently
and I can't do that I wouldn't be able
to retain any information but if I'm
doing the dishes that's that's a pretty
mindless activity and I can retain I can
listen to a book and for the long term
you know yeah I there's no way I could
do anything like play a video game and
listen to an audio book and still retain
the information so that's a really good
way to put it our avi Rossum says Kratos
is godhood is only limited by the game
design sometimes Kratos can do re strong
and amazing things yeah and sometimes
you just he can't jump sometimes he
can't do anything jumps you really
should of course do you think maybe rich
Evans is just so much better at this
game than Jack does a different scoring
of the game they're really they are
really hammering you there today rich
they're just out for blood
I mean I beat the game so it's not it's
not your day today Jack we're just we're
having an off day that's fine you know
what that's fine I have cake and ice
cream at home I'm gonna go home and eat
cake you get hammered for God for
opinions you you you just missed out on
an
an infinite durability weapons and Zelda
by emulation stance on emulation is all
wrong everything's terrible it's okay
we're all here having a good time
everybody's here
we're having a good time it's a lovely
day what a wonderful wall of ice okay I
guess we gotta keep nope
ship don't try to do anything clever
rich just do what the game wants you to
do with Jax stance on emulation I
generally don't care for it for several
reasons we go legality morality well
also super legality because we make
money off of these streams and so
emulating and streaming it's you know I
know no I don't know what Twitter's
policies are I would avoid it streaming
it yeah but seeing as I own is all the
breath of the world
I feel no guilt playing an emulated
version of it that's fine
ah script but the fuck is that there's a
wolf you get the wolf pack
yes both rich and I have seen the
Avengers I'm not gonna really talk about
it though because spoiler because it's
opening weekend but also apparently
though we don't really need to worry
about spoilers because according to box
office reports everyone has seen
anything fucking everyone has watched
this movie already as it has made
approximately all the money can I
counter this guy
yeah I'm gonna guess there's no good
counter for giant hunk of rock falling
on me we fucking throw mountains around
the crane houses godhood is very
dependent on I understand this
let's see here Edo kinetics hey guys
what would your top five boss fights in
blood-borne be would you rather see a
blood-borne prequel or sequel if you had
to choose that last one I really don't
care I'll be with whatever they want to
make I'm not a Laura more a lower whore
I just made that up I like it that's
from the dick punch him right in the
deck yeah whatever
game from software wants to make I'm
with them they've earned they've earned
enough credit in my book they get to do
what they want
top five bosses is a big ol I don't know
my friend
big ol I don't know why there's there's
so many boss fights that I loved and so
many is somebody that I hated but were
very rewarding to eventually beat and so
many that were just a big pain in the
ass I know everyone hates it but I
really like the Mikkel osh fight cage
head guy right the cage head guy yeah
you know running around the stairs and
then and then just you know ending in
the brawl in the room and I thought he
was he was he was spooky I don't know
where it rank that fight
listen good once the oh the king who is
the king of blood of cainhurst master
yes that's a fun fight
was the master of ligurius I don't know
llegará so yeah there's a mcGarry's
great yeah that like that that fight was
really boss I love that I like a good
duel with human-sized enemies yeah
that's fun one father gascoigne I mean
the shadows of the Armand yeah three
shadow snake guys oh yeah yeah yeah
those are cool really just just any to
me over the boss fights is just like any
new enemy you came across like a
normal-size enemy you know the first
time you come across an ogre it's the
biggest deal of my knowledge the first
time you come across the snake head guys
in the forest it's the most unnerving
every new and the bug-head enemies once
you get to the lake ah it's so weird
I loved all of them like you don't even
need I didn't even need the bosses I
could I could be satisfied with an
entire blood for clone with no bosses
just just weirdo enemies what difficulty
level is he playing on normal normal
people so obsessed about that and they
really are I don't I never understood
that this is uh I believe the developers
call it balanced but it's normal
because normal is easy these days no
this one hasn't easy
this one has a I'm just in it for the
story mode
until one of your finger
wouldn't that be nice
wouldn't that be nice of you yes the
game isn't perfect it doesn't allow you
do anything you could conceive that you
could possibly do Jack I'm I'm very
sorry that the game did not psychically
read your mind and realize I quickly
read your mom it's me right there rich I
came across that same situation I have a
note written about it which is why I
bring it up wanna I have many notes
about this game I have a specific note
about the fact that you have exploded
gems right there and a giant oak and a
giant frost ogre and you can't use the
exploding gems on the giant frost ogre
that four to ten yeah that's right what
I'd give it so rich lexis game more than
Jack yeah I think that's very safe to
say yes and maybe it didn't help that I
was coming right from breath of the wild
to this where you can do whatever die
yeah mister but that just seemed like a
thing that made sense to me like oh yeah
how fun they're giving us the exploding
things here
nope can't use them
pant can't pet your kid can't use the
exploded gems can't jump down to the
treasure that you should be able to for
out of time was I looking for more
exploration elements no no but like like
I said this sounds like exactly what you
were looking for though no well I I'm
saying a specific thing here is they
give you an exploding weapon that you
can't use during the flight you can't
use the exploding weapon for any fun
it's it's just a I was hoping for some
more gamey type things some more options
it's not necessarily exploration just
more gamey type things
I want I wanted I wanted to be able to
make some more choices it's not
necessarily about world exploration just
I wanted I wanted to need to make some
choices
can't you shoot the red crystal and make
it blow up I don't know if that would
affect the overall
gulpy this is a spoiler free zone for
infinity war please know infinity war
spoilers even if you are joking and
making up a joke spoiler we say none of
that because no one knows what is a joke
spoiler and what is not so no spoiler
whatsoever usually anything any spoiler
type things will result in at very least
a temporary chat ban we have I don't use
his stuff enough do you have the wolves
yep
I think so I recommend the wolves they
do a decent amount of damage and a
decent amount of stunned and it's it's
it's nice at least for it to start off
it stuns a bunch of enemies first one
you get if you're gonna be the weakest
it does pretty alright
and I feel about the are three finishers
you earned them I like them this the
whole stun mechanic stun damage versus
axe damage but the stun damaged heals
over time and it's more effective on
some enemies than others I like more of
a word for it it'd be nice if you got a
little bit of health regen but in
general I like the mechanic and some of
that some of the are three kills are fun
yeah yeah I I too would like a reward
I mean sometimes reward as you kill the
enemy for sure it's not always fatal
I'd love a doom esque if if you can pull
off one of those kills you get a little
bit of health or a little bit of a
Spartan rage build-up that would be nice
yeah yeah yeah if not health because
they don't wanna be too much like deal
might be fine at that increased Spartan
rage yeah yeah yeah
but yeah it's the
hey go nice nice deflecting
fuck it I'm punching you all
also that that's one of my favorite
movies when you do a big move and your
kid jumps off of your back and shoots
anymore
it's so bad
I didn't need extendable claws that's
there like that's it's almost like their
second form once you'd beat once you get
them down in enough health they grow the
claws so they're more dangerous so it's
it's actually nice it's like a second
form for a minor enemy and it really
makes you think about how much you want
to damage them or it adds a little bit
of a an oh shit moment where you see
their claws going they're like oh I have
to finish them quickly or else they will
hurt me more so it's actually a pretty
nice pretty nice little mechanic
chalk-white I don't fully hate the game
there are a lot of things I enjoy about
the game and the combat is one of the
things overall I do like the combat it I
have my issues with it but I love it and
it does not feel but mashie
it does not feel button-mashing but it's
good solid
combat I gotta think about what I'm
doing why I'm doing it and you know what
your ex is cool I'm putting this out
there
I love the hole for the axe but your
back to you it's cool there's a lot of
difference between going there in hand
and using the axe yep and you get those
cool moments where you throw your axe do
a little barehanded call your ass backs
back to you you almost wonder if they
were working on a on a prototype Thor
game because you know that's that makes
sense
that's me your and then they couldn't
get the rights or just didn't want to
deal with with dealing with Disney's
lawyers
or Disney not even anybody can use Thor
just can't be Marvel's version that's
right oh right
or if they put together a prototype to
sell to Marvel and Marvel wasn't buying
and I wasn't sony's like oh those the
Kratos in there I'll pay for it I was
fully expecting y'all near to be an
unlockable weapon in this I'm assuming
it's not as you have said nothing about
it if it is it is it's not anything I've
come back okay and you beat the game
Bobby the store something like that
would be part of the story yeah
not even Disney can patent ancient
mythology yeah you never know man
well they're two they're two strokes
away all right in ancient mythology this
Thor's hammer always come back to his
hand yeah or is that something Marvel
can patent right or could they at least
argue it and they have the money and
lawyers to where sure right now you're
talking all the things people are saying
they think it does in mythology don't
they okay came back so they can totally
do that then I don't know much else
going on right now
the travelers Oh disgusting smelly
covered in God knows how many little
beasties but gorgeous armor let's see if
I can't make something more sanitary yes
oh the dwarves once you retrieve the
whetstone please take class of handling
isn't me old near the Spartan armor in
hello I don't know the old near I think
I'm pronouncing it correctly is Thor's
hammer think they named the armor in
halo after it oh there you go
what are they saying they're saying he's
metal oh yeah no it's named after Thor
Thor near yeah you ol near yep
Mew Mew Mew that's always my preferred
pronunciation Mew Mew
it's a mythological thing and halo did
not invent the name I neither did dizzy
no they didn't you could you you could
have your own wheel near in a game oh
yeah but just to be safe we're not gonna
I don't I don't think alright if they
did start developing this as a game
about Thor not Marvel's Thor but just
mythological Thor yeah it's not
necessarily Marvel that scared them off
it's like we could we could attach this
Thor idea to this God of War franchise
which is popular right right and we get
mad money that way it could've just been
that oh yeah I know in in my in my head
Canon which I'm sure is not true at all
the original intent the original intent
was to sell the game to Disney like hey
we can't we can hook this up with your
Thor franchise and and that's that's an
income for us and since that didn't work
they took second best which is selling
it to Sony which is why God of War has a
hammer or has a an axe that returns to
him also it's very possible that this
was a God of War game from the beginning
I don't know yeah and I honestly just
don't care look it's a neat axe
I love that you can throw it and it
comes back to you I think it's neat
beef thirst says Jack please stop saying
Mjolnir it's physically painful to
listen to how do you pronounce it
properly the beef thirst I will try to
stop saying mule near so often and I'm
sorry that my pronunciation of Mjolnir
offends your eardrum and its proper
pronunciation just keep fucking saying
it I was planning on keeping on saying
mule near no matter what because I get
to do what I want
I got a mic in front of me me own ear
once you retrieve the Winstone mule deer
ooh I like mule deer baby does he have a
guy's head on his belt yes that's Mamere
he talks and he talks Tia and he's his
life he's helping us find our way to
Jotunheim the land of the ice giants so
we can spread our dead wife's ashes on
the tallest mountain in all the realms
cray doses new dead wife as opposed to
his last dead wife that's a really
important distinction because he also
has a new kid very distinct from his old
kids who is dead well this is his live
kid this is his live kid also his new
kid right
Surinder
the old format the man said no this
fight is mine boy go
I think we've been introduced to these
characters before these are Thor's sons
otherwise known as Stephen Harold yes
are these Natalie Portman's kids or yes
Thor and Jane Foster finally had choice
and begetting agnya that's why they're
so pretty look at him
dizzi Deb no it's not it's not a plot
device it's it's the plot motivation to
have you take the wife's ashes today
that's the it's not I mean I guess it's
a plot device but it's also just the
plot it's the kicking off point to our
story of a father and son rebuilding
their relationship
taking a
a real-life journey but also a journey
development okay okay I get it doesn't
need
well look and there are convenient plot
devices in the story there there's a lot
of there's a lot of you need a thing to
get to where you're going bring the
thing back to where you are now oh wait
eating another thing there so there are
that but but generally taking your
wife's ashes are not a it's just a
that's the boning
if I were Thor I'd get a paternity test
blonde and red-haired sons one you know
genetics can that's that can be a gamble
- you know he's a god so it's all it's
all crazy you she washes stuff well is
mythological Thor even blond great
question or if we have we been so
indoctrinated with Chris Hemsworth the
greatest of the heavens that that we
just think that's how I assumed thought
it's a blonde because he's North in a
Norse God but
also though like it's all messed up I
have some friends they have three
children one blonde one brunette one red
and just genetics are messed up
my mother I thought him both left-handed
your mother and father are both
left-handed now if you look at me you
know they don't know my mother or father
I look very much like both of them okay
there's no shenanigans going on there
but I am right-handed which shouldn't be
possible is that how that works
yes interesting
because no I look just like that so no
shenanigans yes I highly doubt it
there's just too damn much of my father
and shit
your face trying to wail your digits
which his love of baseball forced to
mention quite fabulous baseball
predominantly right well everything's
that predominantly right-handed
everything because people one of them's
just ambidextrous dizzy death says I'm
not ragging on the story just an
observation about how most video games
still just use MacGuffins too much I I
don't think the mother's ashes can be
considered a MacGuffin as they are
integral to the story that the game is
trying to tell like a MacGuffin is
something that can be replaced with
anything and I'm a guy wants the
diamonds the bad guy wants the microfilm
the bad guy wants them and it doesn't
change the pot at all exactly but this
is a story of you know parents and
children and so I don't think the
mothers assets
considered a MacGuffin okay whatever
he's doing I don't like
that's right axe man 808 says avatar
used the literal unobtainium rough right
in that story unobtainium could be
replaced with any thing
mr. glyph says okay Kratos wants to take
his dead wife's wisdom teeth to toss
mountains same case I don't know if
you're trying to be funny but the point
is the dead wife it's the dealing with
the dead wife that's integral to the
story so even if you were taking the
dead wives sword to the top of the
mountain in remembrance of her
it's the dead wife part of it not the
ashes part of that makes it
all right let's see here
gobbledygook says so I've decided to
study artificial intelligence
it's my new purpose in life how would
you describe the AI in this game most
importantly how is the AI of your sole
companion does he ever do anything
stupid he's lost every now and then have
you had any good that I mean I've had
him like stuck somewhere else in the map
yeah he's gotten stuck on me a few times
to where I've had to actually like
restart from my last say I'd say it's
pretty pretty basic AI knowing very
little about AI I'd say it's pretty
basic I think you can reflect that back
to
nothing you know there's no light like
we said there's no like infighting
between monsters there's no there's no
goofy monster stuff they all just kind
of attack you and leave each other alone
is done
milk started
that was a silly little animation psycho
where he he was just taking your ax it's
not doing much but now you know the kid
does a pretty decent job on his own like
taking care of enemies doing shit
I can't remember
fuck you
that was close rich you did it
you came really close chad is reminding
you to use your arrows more don't forget
about and you know you have the balls to
or whatever it was
the arrows don't seem all that effective
on these guns maybe I'll switch to your
Billy arrows because I think that might
yeah and don't forget about your animal
for helpful friends experience
gobbledygook says the new transformers
power of the primes this season premiere
is this Monday on machinima Ron Perelman
Judd Nelson will in Wheaton and Mark
Hamill are lending their voices most
things I'm looking most thing I'm
looking forward looking towards some
form of power of the plan I'm happy for
you but I haven't I haven't given much
of your shit about transformers in 30
years
is this a new car I assume a new cartoon
there's Bulls a trip well rich rich has
the boars right now I like the Wolves
just because they do decent regular
damage and stun damage you know they all
have their pros and cons
which do you have you have a healing
stone and and don't forget about your
like your two power stones
there you go now that that hit him for
20 nice see that's fun calling your ex
back and seven smack people on the way
back to you that's such a poor thing
is this supposed to be Ornstein and
smoke its Magni and Modi Thor's kids I
don't know how accurate that is to Norse
mythology
but that's what we got Magne and Modi
get a bridge
window
oh it's accurate that's spirit
all right kid I finally like you oh no
where it's the sickness you got too
worked up boy why didn't he do that at
the start of the fight because they they
were stronger
they'd beat him down and he's able to
stick his fucking axe in their face I'm
fine
keep an eye on him you weren't a trophy
you did it that did what you do you're
the trophy so how is this kid even alive
after that kind of battle remember that
Kratos is the fucking god of war and so
his kid is also a God anyone like one
quarter gone at this point well Kratos
is full guys then the kid would be half
full God Kratos is the full God of War
you didn't you didn't finish playing the
God of War game Oh God at the end of God
of War after you defeat Ares God of War
you become the god of war right yeah so
you're full he's fuckin was Kratos his
mother or God or was crate as his mother
oh yeah morning oh I think in one of the
later games we find out that his dad was
a God but his mother I don't when he's a
god man sure sure God into your name get
you where you need to go he's full God
and we don't and we don't know anything
about the mom can now be unlocked right
I didn't I never play the original games
I don't know what we know about Thor's
mother Kratos his mother Kratos his
mother yesterday
how can create OHS be a god at this
point didn't he lose all of his powers
at the end of God of War 3 I that I
don't know I've only played the first
guy but in timey-wimey man it doesn't
matter of it matters
he's got or not a god sometimes he has
problems jumpin

[Part II]
that's irritating
Kratos his mom was just a Spartan woman
named Callisto no - nor my not at all
him I defended us nothing more
I fear no judgment judgment no oh yeah
and the kid yeah the kid does not know
that you're a god for anyone confused as
to why the kid is confused why you can
kill God he doesn't know you gotta like
stuff I think you'd catch on at this
point
we we moved fucking a bridge and entire
bridge with our bare hands
wow you're pretty strong yeah he
mentions that a couple times like my
dad's like super strong it's really just
making him seem dumb
I'm just explaining the story at this
point for people who are unaware is
that's that's a that's a bit of the the
conflict you treat the whetstone here
early in the game is his Kratos does not
want the boy to know about about his
godliness the boy mustn't know to find
the roots rich find in the room ruins of
the boy the boy will do the thing where
all that booty yeah I need all that
booty I need the ruse
where the roots did the booty ruins I
need the booty rooms I think I remember
where the booty ruins is take a look out
onto the ice get that booty
oh wait yeah behind you oh sorry to your
right to stay up there stay up on the
thing back there maybe I'm right maybe
sound on the ice again
god the swiggity swooty give rich that
booty he's got one more to go looking in
here I mean what I'm saying is you only
have one more it could be in there I
don't know usually they're like in the
same area as the thing right yeah
well roughly I mean it's fairly close
though did you get my email Chuck Fox I
don't know maybe I usually check the
email did you already blew up that thing
right yeah okay
that that is that is you got it but I
get you got it doop doop doop do do pop
razz matte glue says greetings from
undisclosed have you considered
streaming frost Punk what the fuck is
that knowing your love for grim strategy
I think rich would enjoy it I've not
even heard of it it's it sounds like
neither of us have heard of this Frost
Punk I gotta finish playing this yeah
you do
I've got to play my emulator Dan modded
breath of the while wait a minute okay
yeah you're right battle Tech's on the
agenda there's a lot of shit I got a
play did you get that email yep okay
great
rich has the battle tech code thank you
to whoever sent it to us again the there
there is for those curious I see a
couple people in chat curious there is
currently a Wii U emulator out in the
world and because there is a one's
breath of the wild very well right and
so because there is a Wii U emulator and
breath of the wild is on the Wii U there
is a breath of the wild on PC with
apparently that has mods that give you
unbreakable weapons so you could have
you could get like a nice shield like
what like one of the some of the
cosmetic stuff but yeah you can get the
Master Sword and a nice shield and have
them not breaks we have them for the
whole game which would be very nice I
mean I'm not saying I'm thinking about
I'm saying that would just be a nice
it'd be a nice thing now I thought it
might be enough to put you over the edge
I thought it was finally going to
corrupt you know
it would take a lot more than that Jack
needs to pull that stick out of his ass
ain't gonna happen my friend it's wedged
pretty firmly in there it's just become
part of my life at this point it feels
funny if I sat without it
playing breath of the wild right now and
good weapons are falling out of my ass
which is like that's the other thing is
my second play four of breath of the
wild even though weapons breaking still
pisses me off I've just been avoiding
combat and finding it a really pleasant
experience and not really worrying about
what weapons I have you know I have my
stable of good weapons and but you just
don't have to worry about it if you if
you don't worry about comment though
every time I have a really great weapon
that I love and chatters every time
that's a space juice some dust of realms
maybe there's a coffee mod for breath of
the wild that would put Jack over the
edge
oh man and why are you talking you
complete Tarrytown and you can get your
own coffee farm and tarry town or that
house you buy oh yeah the yard area
now you're talking see now you know how
to corrupt home yeah I'm gonna go get
into the water yeah yeah
Asuna meant to do
how's the kid coughing I can't hurt him
he's gonna die cuz he's too weak
drop that drop the chain you little shit
wrap the chain so I can get up there
there that works
where to jekko I think he's secretly
looking upward to download the Wii U
emulator he didn't heed him I'd do it on
camera
what's up boy boy boy boy
and Jack leaves rich again I just for a
little bit down there getting some water
decided go to the bathroom it's fine
everything's fine
please read tips I will just give me one
minute sole proxy I just thought of
something that is a quasi important it's
not really important not really
important but important enough bonding I
say I am kind to boy now you're not
totally awful as it turns out I kind of
like you a little bit I sure hope
nothing bad happens to you losing you my
my real my real strength comes from my
love for you boy
so we're going over the stupid side cost
what's super sideways find that guy's
what stone oh that's a whole thing I
know it's a whole thing it's a whole
thing man I already did the first part
of it oh yeah yeah wait you got the wet
Sun no what if what did the first area
no and I had some like four really
difficult fights
yeah those sucked and that's that that
part is done oh okay and we still didn't
get the wet stone
yeah I think you have to find the dragon
next I have no idea what I thought
thanks for that well how would I know
I don't know curious
side quest was boy boy I know we just
discovered something that you that
interests you but we must go in our boy
Kratos don't got no fucks about history
or no art but Dad I read and that's my
power I'm smart
yeah shut up and read this yes I'm
illiterate
like something is waiting first time
when there's a fight it's fun yeah I did
something and rich is going something
rich is going someplace fun right now I
think we will handle it we gotta
remember to luckily yes you might be
going someplace fun
okay tips tips tips tips Anonymous's hey
guys rich what are your thoughts on the
spirit animals in this game do you like
them spirit animals yeah you know the
one that one when boy shoots his arrows
and animals come out I haven't I haven't
used us that much why I think they just
want to know I just wonder I feel about
them that one aspect of the game it's
you know it's helpful I I think they're
they're useful caution what about curry
in the flash I can't think of a more
formidable opponent she does not attack
he even know we're here
so we're gonna fight a Valkyrie hey my
presumption and it's awesome
stuff yeah she's done this is this is a
monster of a fight so like don't be
ashamed if you gotta you know come back
later level up good this is a great
fight though like I love the Valkyrie
fight
it's got to say set me free so that you
aren't the bad guy for murdering a woman
no no there's a whole there's a whole
thing with the Valkyries where this is
they're they're trapped spirits and if
you can defeat them in battle you set
their spirit to Valhalla or some shit
like that it's not about it's not about
murdering women women God of War will
murder anyone we run into some I don't
like I don't know if you did any of the
other ghost missions around the lake of
nine not really there's a there's a
bunch of ghost missions where you have
to do shit for ghosts to set their
spirits really so it's not specifically
a woman
no I don't know that I've got it well
like once you're ready and you know it's
okay if you're not ready but once you're
ready these are a heck of a fight man
this is this is a bare-knuckle brawl it
took me a few lives to figure it out but
it's it's pretty intense I'd I think I
might have come back later but I forget
Oh big with
I'm not being condescending I'm set
what I'm saying is condescending in know
in the game's favor it lets you come
back to some of these things when you're
ready a an actual positive for the game
is it's not forcing you to do this right
now
not being condescending now let's see
here sole proxy says could you please
give a shout out to bun bun me and my
girlfriend bun bun are huge fans of the
show rich Evans is our Idol
damnit it was going well who did better
you you did better oh you doing it
you're doing it there's not much room
for error no no that's that's why I like
these fights is there is not much room
for error
can we shout out to lens new project yes
the the gauntlet of the five masters or
whatever where he actually got Leo Fung
to be in his movie about that yeah I
forget the title of his next movie but
he Leo Fung will be I believe one of the
one of the Masters
lenz taken us making y'all look bad lenz
been making us look bad since before we
were looking bad man Lent lends him is a
maker Len is a goddamn maker and and
should be an inspiration to anyone he
doesn't give he doesn't give a fuck he's
just making shit you know like there if
you look back at that interview that Jay
and I did with Lennon way back in the
day we talked about kind of like the
Creator the creative person having
having the final say over any of us
assholes who make fun of their work and
and that's Len he's making stuff he
wanted to make some shit and he made it
how many work deaths do we give this as
many as you want this is the rest of the
stream do it
challenge of the five gauntlets Thank
You Marco whoo-hoo linked to the
IndieGoGo of lenss new problems doing it
he's making nice
oh come on
you were gonna parry so just fuck it
range handling the controller a little
bit too strongly you know like and I
definitely like I have my own issues
with people crowdfunding projects but
you know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
this begrudge anyone who's trying to you
know make money on the project before
the project runs and maker he's been
making shit for a long time nice move
I want to lend cavesson skin Neal Breen
team up Neal would never agree to work
with someone like that
there are only Neal Breen projects
I am the motherfucking gang war oh you
worried that was so badass that was so
badass calling your axe back and
parrying at the same time I was so
badass
there was some shit timing on oh oh you
definitely called down the Carl ferry on
that one you called out your win a
little too too quickly there rich Oh got
a little premature celebration come on
but but you have I think you have the
fight down like you kind of know the
moves now I wanted it I wanted it well
you have the moves down now you know how
the fight works now man in that great
fight say hello to premature celebration
we shoot up how many lives this God have
infinite my friend Oh sucks sorry rich
let's see here future a famous person
says this is a 13 year old spoiler from
the first god of war so heads up -
anyone
I wonder how at Reyes would feel knowing
that his dead half sister's ashes are
what makes Kratos his skin so light I
think that's kind of that's that's kind
of the story of this God of War is
kratos is trying to shield his son from
his former atrocities from his violent
past
is that's why he's hiding the fact that
he is a god I know you don't like this
fight this is a great fight this is a
nice broad nice and simple but tough is
tough but once you start you know
reading the towels right and hitting the
timing it's a great fight nicely done
Oh Oh you could taste it you could taste
it
yes still playing got a void rich before
we do our official review which has a
little bit further the ice
nice
this is a question for anyone anyone I
I've I've only fought I've only fought
this Valkyrie there's a there's a whole
this Valkyrie fight is part of a whole
side mission yeah that's you know free
all the Valkyrie and I think there's
like eight or ten Valkyrie fights yeah
so I actually have a question for anyone
who has fought more than one Valkyrie do
they all have the same moveset or is
every fight you need I'd imagine they
just get hard on just more health more
they do more damned I mean they already
can kill you it may be some new some new
moves but but intermixed with the old
ones not sure they're saying they're all
a bit different and they get crazier
that's great because these Valkyrie
fights are top-notch that's that's
that's something that I've I've repeated
a lot which is you know boss fights
should use the same mechanics as regular
fights just be hard and I think that
these Valkyrie fights are amazing boss
fights
the the red circle attacks are
unblockable yes and the yellow circles
are unpaired or the red circles are
unblockable the yellow sort of circle
attacks our parabola and then there's
just regular tax which I've blockable
and I don't believe area ball and you
see like when that happens when rich
kids kind of staggered back it means he
tried to parry and I got his timing a
little so the keys stack instead so the
fighting mechanics are very nice and
consistent and have a decent especially
with that axe have a decent lanes - oh
yeah
I think I think rich can do it I think
rich can do it he has the moves down and
now it's just getting the right time
this is a hard fight but I think rich
can do
well you know sometimes you want to
gamble on that Perry and sometimes you
want to play it safe and even though an
attack is terrible but it's just shield
so I think riches bounce on pretty well
oh so close rich so close I'll get it
oh yeah no you're totally gonna get you
have all the moves you know what to do
it's yes it's just that time you're
gonna get it and and I'm trying to like
talk but also stay silence of which can
concentrate so talk time chess as far as
like official as a person in chat ask if
I would recommend this game and I've
actually I'm waiting for our review
before like I make that call to me
because I'm not sure there are good
aspects to this game the combat is
really good I have a lot of problems
with this story and I think overall the
pacing is very off but there are some
good things about the game and so I
actually don't know if I have like a
recommendation or not how much bad
pacing can you deal with personally you
know
oh no and by the way for me fighting the
Valkyrie I want to say it took me at
least at least 10 a dozen tries so rich
is fine as far as me seeing Richard I
over and over again it took me a few
tries as well I didn't I certainly did
not defeat him I'll go through
explain the bad pacing it's something I
can explain better in our official
review because then I can use clips to
elaborate
but over toots is oversimplified it
takes too long story has too many
has too many retreading points and and
they're trying to tell a a two-hour
story in 20 hours I feel and there's too
many breaks between the very the the fun
action the action is fun
I like the actual gameplay but then they
take breaks from awesome gameplay to do
puzzles they they tell story in the
story too but like I said I I can get
into the deep explanation that when I
can use visual aids
so it's the hobbit maybe maybe it's a
little Hobbit ass
yeah apparently the God of War said to
me rich proclaimed that he is the God of
War is already on the reddit is already
on the rlm sublated so congratulations
right you did it
the Lindsey Ellis Hobbit review is
really good yes if if you don't already
watch Lindsey Alice's movie related
video essays her her her two-part Hobbit
series her two-part video series that's
actually three videos in a very funny
turn her her part 1 of 2 2 of 2 & 3 of 2
on The Hobbit are wonderful and I highly
recommend it
I I like Lindsey's stuff anyway but her
Hobbit videos are top-notch prog plays
I've beaten the game I've beaten the
story of the game but
I had some free time and I didn't have
to do a review of a movie recently so
I'm not begrudging
if you need more reasons to hate Warner
Brothers it's a must see it delves it
delves deep into some shit that I was
not expecting it to go like not only
doesn't talk about why the movies don't
work and the adaptation it goes into how
Guillermo del Toro got you know was
taken off of it it went into like
unionized actors rights of New Zealand
of all fans it goes deep into a bunch of
shit it's a it's a great series
The Hobbit videos are interesting and a
little depressant yes they really are
the the the part three of two of the
hobbit videos just disgusts how the
Hobbit videos actually tore apart union
rights for actors in New Zealand what am
I talking about I'm talking about
Lindsey Ellis's series of The Hobbit
videos if someone could find the link
for me that would be great
Lindsey Ellis is a YouTube video
essayist as I guess the best way to put
it and she does movie reviews and
discussions on the movies she also has a
really great one on on all of the ways
white fails if you remember the orc cop
Netflix original movie oh thank you guys
thank you highly recommend she's she's
great she's a great voice if you are
interested in the makings of movies Oh
bright was awful and she does a really
good dissection of why it's awful in
terrifyingly specific details
is Lindsay Ellis the Nostalgia ship I
have no idea I have no idea
doing it
besides our alums she's the only other
YouTube channel I watched for a movie
she's great she is she is I don't I I
don't I don't do much on patreon but
she's one of the few she's one of the
few who I give money to just because I
want her to keep making stuff her and
Captain disillusion and noclip I want
them to keep making stuff forever so I
guess I give them money apparently she
used to be the nostalgic jerk okay I
haven't I've known I don't know what
that is I just know her from oh it does
it does take a little bit of time and
you're exposed for for those who don't
know what just happened there rich
stomped on the health pack and when you
stomp on the health pack you cannot
block or hit you're exposed for that
second oh that's of course one man Jack
do you give money to the owl on patreon
I do not and sometimes I actually miss
out on our alum content because of it
every once in a while people be like hey
I love that behind-the-scenes video and
I was like what - Eames video J what so
you should jail have to send me a link
every once in a while I will miss out on
our alum continent because I'm not a
pager
Ronny ballstein I am the only guy I have
a danger I have a day job and my day job
is a video producer I make commercial
videos I edit and produce videos for
living rich Michael J do our LM
full-time devastated
adults video producer well I am an adult
and a video producer
I don't make commercial videos and I've
made some branded viral content right
now it's mostly just commercial work or
you know people need video to post on
those social media platforms that I'm
making it just got done with one I was
pretty happy with you want those big
ones but she's a quick one
she's a quick one why does your axe do
like no damn sure because she's very
fluffy and strong this is a major
fucking boss fight yes
and you know you can come back to her
after you've leveled up a little bit but
rich wants to take care of her now and
and you can it just takes a little more
time oh actually it did it yeah
well it's not a killing blow I don't
think he does the fancy animation okay
please oh well thank you should even
boom
we appreciate prank plays yes both Fritz
and I have seen infinity Wars we're not
going to talk about it today it's cute
we'll have more to say about it
maybe I winds will do a little spoiler
talk later
kit cute overall
July ever push to be on half of a bag
for a movie you had strong feeling you
know never what
what what what was it clearly a dodge
clearly clearly and obviously a Dodge
yeah no this isn't you know like a Dodge
doesn't mean negate all damage in God of
War like it doesn't like the blood-borne
no I never push man have some bag that's
not my show I have no rights to push or
or even ask I don't think I don't feel
like I even have the right to ask to be
on a half in the bag cause it is not my
show every you know once or maybe twice
now I forget they asked me to be on more
than happy to be on but not my thing
I've brought up a couple a couple
suggestions to be on review just because
that's more of a whoever wants to do
whatever the situation
they do make money off of my face right
but still half in the bag that's not
that's not my show that's that's Mike
and J's if they ever want me to be a
part of it I'm more than happy to be a
part of it but they they come to see
Mike and the other guy not the other
game I know I know the school
yeah Joe Kitty 0:01 says hey guys do you
all have a catering budget or do you
just bring in your own food right you
guys you guys have us confused with like
a real production usually when there is
a best of the worst sometimes a large
sandwich will be provided and and we get
free reign of whatever in your
refrigerator a sandwich of substantial
size it's a it's a large sandwich
it's not a great sandwich but it's a big
sandwich
so there's that usually I'll bring in
for our best of the worst I'll bring in
a little something of my own just
because I might want a cookie in between
all the movies or I might not want the
big sandwich who do I agree with most
when it comes to movies I I mean I'm not
kind of in-between now there's some
things I am totally with J on some
things i mcai down some things I'm with
Richard III like weirdo arty creepy
movies like J
I like big dumb action like Mike I like
sci-fi I like Rich I'm just all over the
place
I didn't think he gave you up at the
time
fucking die oh shit that was it oh fuck
nice job rich you are the god of war
this time my sisters remain trapped you
did it you freed the Valkyrie from her
corrupted form find them I like that
muda versal says now phase two you fight
the ghost that would suck
here take my decapitated head I think
that's just the shield to be fair each
of the balconies sounds pretty important
that's a great question
and yet yeah it is a great fucking fight
that's a highlight that's a highlight of
the game for me is that funny
I'm sure the I didn't do any of the
other fights but I'm sure the other
fights are equally as great you are
avoiding the question head as I said I
don't know why or how they become such a
wretched creature
why is there a talking head on his butt
that is Mamere he is helping us on our
quest to get to see Odin I'm nice Giants
though they're not Giants Giants though
some of them to be fair are definitely
Giants right treasure rich oh isn't that
from Thor
yes well Thor is you know mythology
based on north mythology and this God of
War is based on Norse mythology but you
just missed rich just stuck his axe into
one of Thor's kids face right and Thor's
kids face that dickhead the first the
first big fight of the movie is with
Thor's brother Boulder Boulder I think
it's no alter is it Balder or Boulder PA
oh no I don't know I've been calling
them in my head I've been calling them
Boulder so but also I've been calling
our kid a Trey you and I know it's a
Trey us but in my head it's the
neverending story
it's a Trey you
pat with paint was taken says wow they
turned the movie Thor into a religion
it's a very popular movie the Marvel
Cinematic Universe has really come a
long way I have not seen Ariel on on
flex speaking of already party I've
heard good things
Boulder's go so it's wait it's Balder
like Baldur's Gate not Boulder like a
fucking big rock okay great I thought it
was that one on the beach well now that
we've got the Giants we need to learn
the travel moon to yacht night so we can
carve it into that special eat way atop
of people and open realm travel to the
land of the Giants have entrusted
nothing liking or well they gotta take
we shall see boy
you can tell he is a God by how fast he
rose his canoe this is why it's easy
it's very easy very good legendary not
only for our fraternity but a genius at
the very Vanier magic that Odin had long
aspired to master do you find the game's
framerate distracted with the fact nice
to protect you some sometimes on stream
you might notice some frame drop it
we're not getting on a frame drop edge
here that every once in a while on
stream you might notice that just
because of our cats kids up
hey Jack what indie game are you looking
forward to I don't at this point I got
nothing I'm looking forward to checking
out the new character in in you know oh
shit
why am I forgetting the name of the deck
building game that just released this
new character slay the spire Wow
where was my brain the slave aspire just
released its third character so I'm
interested in checking that out the
brains the character isn't really how
yet it's in beta the whole game is still
in beta dawg
it's the whole game is in early access
still
are you okay I know my brain left me for
a good for a good while my brain just
straight-up left me for a good while
another indie game am I looking forward
to doesn't want me to go to that I'm
trying to follow the good marker to the
side and quest the blue marker I'm a
compass at the top look at your map see
where it is not sure what it is
covered ghoul dog's bones recover glue
glogs bones google vlogs bones what a
Incan fell I think that's the name of it
they the the old-school turn-based RPG
game about a wizard school is coming
closer and closer being done that looks
like a really adorable little game and
they just put a steam page up so I'm
looking forward to playing some Incan
fowl looked don't wants me to go back to
the pub when I get the vote it wants me
to come here uh-huh
I'm very confused
well this what this guide marker wants
me to you it's a terrible guide marker
your objective is 660 meters away rich
you are not you are nowhere nowhere even
close
you are nowhere even fucking close
and you are and now you're getting
closer - all right all right
forgotten city what was it called now
well not forgot Matt giant world these
are the jokes people these are the jokes
what wizard game Inc yeah I think it's
called incan fell I think come on I'm
being bad at I'm being bad at chroma
Ling stuff I can fell maybe I can fell i
ke n f ll is a an old-school turn-based
RPG about a wizard school it's all sorts
of pixel art and turn-based combat and
it looks really adorable
I can fell is what it's called not incan
fell I can fell and it looks great
like what quest is this now find the
whetstone you're on the Webster's ready
and so I'm looking forward to that they
just put a steam page up so that must
mean they're getting close ish
I've been playing a lot in my in my free
time with the family we've been playing
a lot of lovers in a dangerous
space-time which the children have come
to absent seemed interested in making
her happy later then once you retrieve
the whetstone
please take utmost care while handling
it it is a priceless relic after all
who's talking with the Scottish accent
it's um the head it's the head that's on
Kratos is back that's Mamere he's a head
oh you have an axe upgrade yeah and a
bow upgrade - that's nice chopper yes we
are going to review this game
rich would like to finish it first and I
think that's a smart call I think that's
a really smart call so that's why we're
playing it today
we are going to do a fold a full review
of this game why is the head Scottish
probably cuz the voice actor could do a
Scottish accent and thought it would be
fun I mean how North is Norse made to
find me some smoldering embers Jack
that's all I know if you go back to you
know that area where you choose your
realms yeah I believe one of the realms
you can choose is the fire realm and I I
didn't get any smoldering embers but it
sounds like the place to look if you go
there I remember one of the realms being
red so I think that's like a fire round
does that count I love your logic there
it would tell me I'm wrong it makes
perfect sense I'm making a leap of logic
but I think it works sly deadliest I've
played and beaten the original God of
War and that's my entire experience of
God of War rich what's your experience
pre this part of the first one okay so
that's what you got on like I mean I
remember enjoying the first god of war
obviously like there were some quick
timing bullshit but you know as a as a
dumb fun beat'em up hacking /e I enjoyed
it
once you retrieve the whetstone please
take up most care well handling I still
can't believe the son would kill his own
father that's crazy
right come on his own father I mean I
get angry at you sometimes a little but
I've never stabbed you in the back
no I imagine not
krispy fragment says four shadowy maybe
maybe not
this clan really didn't want anyone
coming in how are we supposed to get
there they must be original to the gate
maybe with the big water world
my thought is well I don't see here torn
tornado soul says Neal Breen has the
biggest balls
no more Sierra games please I loved old
do s games share a do s games story do s
huh
yeah adulthood so that share a daus game
story and fuck my cock Alan honestly I
don't I don't know the deal s is
technically incorrect
probably not but most people just stand
for something yeah most people know
ms-dos games its disk operating system
is that it yeah oh well there you go
there you go
eventually I do want us to play what's
the next space quest let three play
space for us three I think we can move
on to some point in click ease as long
as we can still do the voices for the
characters I'm okay with pointing
cookies but you know half of the fun of
those dreams is the voices to do and so
if there if there's any voice work it's
almost like what's the point you know
but I'd be okay with like a secret of
monkey island or or like viola
apparently there's a decent Indiana
Jones point-and-click adventure yeah I
wouldn't mind doing that day of the
tentacle I think has voice action we
might stay away from something like oh
that guy give you a sucker punch the
Blade Runner adventure game is better
than it has any right to be as well well
great
what I'm saying is there stuff there to
do and you know we'll do it we'll do it
what's the famous one that's kind of a
ripoff of Blade Runner is it's snatcher
snatcher chat
what catch is that snatcher yeah there
they are green snatcher
they Blade Runner ripoff that's that's a
famous one oh I've never played it oh
that could be a good place to go then
blade snatcher
yes that's no it's called sword snatcher
there's a edged weapon snatcher ah this
big be looking for one of those normal
puzzle wheels no the tire on this thing
alright
what do we do with the wheel boy hope
they go what do we do with the wheel
use your word power tell me what to do
on a scale of 1 to Kratos how durable is
that boy he's mega Kratos as he never
dies in battle you can fall the boy
cannot so he's mega Kratos there I've
seen some people call this game a a game
long escort mission to which I will say
that is very incorrect because you never
have to worry about the boys health
every once in a while an enemy will
knock him down which just means he can't
choose his enemies he is ultra boy yes
if he is infinite boy infinite boy and
vulnerable whoo there you go I am in
vulnerable here to stop the dastardly
deeds of the do villains daring what
it's high sometimes we get in here and
we get me Europe when I get me here oh
wait look around what's to the right of
that rocks just rocks don't care about
rocks up there
go back to the go back to the gate yeah
check yeah three man
yeah once we get him eight my guess is
my guess is that's an entrance over on
the on the exact opposite side of
problem I feel free to row the boat over
there
oh I bet you can you check this side you
know yeah wait did you climb up that
thing I guess sometimes when you don't
think I can do something but I can't it
is not always easy to know what I get it
I'm little
mm guys throw a rock right at you
and here's a little fun little game - so
rich put his axe away so he could beat
up the troll with his hands which does
more stun damage so rich can hop on his
head like this which is a neat little
option so now he can have the troll beat
up the other dudes instead of just doing
damage to the truck
yeah
how are you liking for dad in Iraq
first of all film monk excellent that's
an excellent title for dad in Iraq
I think rich likes it a little more than
I do I like parts of it specifically the
combat I think the combat is very good I
have many issues with it though D
McCarthy says Kratos sang boy is great
and all but no one will ever beat Agnes
scrim from the phantasm movies same
silver spinny balls
blow in the air and they have spikes on
them don't know if I've seen those
movies so I I'm sorry rich do you know
when he says the boy in those movies I
don't really have been a long time so
I've seen any of them
that's a J movie ok ok
oh yeah J likes wait wait don't go up
there yet because I bet you can explore
I know I know I know dog but there's a
way to that Treasurer
nope how about that one
Bridget yeah look he shot through the
bricks
can you send those bricks down yankin
yeah you can
he's funny thanks I know he landed on
the boy like that was the only way you
could kill him in the entire game
oh shit
there's lots of this I think I'm gonna
go put it back down and check that one
away first this seems this seems like
the way you're supposed to go classic
games
what's whatever whatever the way that
I'm supposed to go I'm definitely going
the other way first yeah that's such a
Kratos thing like not not punching not
kicking not using your weapons just
picking up a thing and slamming it
against the wall or floor fuck you I'm
Kratos
is rich having aiming issues hey yeah
I'd be using either the gyroscope or a
mouse I I was rather upset that you
could not do motion aim that would help
a lot I would help a lot I've gotten
very used to motion aiming in breath of
the wild and the ps4 controller has that
capability but they decided not to
implement it here in God of War even
though it would be great even though it
would be great boy this is everyone
knows I hate aiming with control sticks
yes it's the worst it's the worst thing
imaginable yep aim with your feelings
that's great and and you know like so
often in battle you need to kind of aim
quickly and they do have Amos ists but
there are so many occasions where you
you just want to fine-tune the aiming
and yeah being able to do that with
motion controls would be preferable
motion aiming is the absolute worst why
I think you're wrong
thank you wrong dog like that's the one
thing I'm worried about with emulating
rest of the work breath of the wild on
PC I'm worried I won't be able to get an
emotion aim and working but there might
be something most option I bet there is
a mouse option if it's emulated which
would just be tits
that'd be the tits Wow
that would make it better than the
switch version in every conceivable way
2018 the year in which motion controls
are actively asked for rather than
despised for like as part of a regular
controller would just like I add an aim
while you're still doing all the other
stuff you need to do yeah yes it's a
good thing we so basically 2018 where we
found the balance you found the proper
usage right not 100% motion controls for
everything all the time thank you me
yeah but a little bonus here and they're
fun to maim yep yep yep
rail too says rich isn't worried about
emulators ruining breath of the wild
he's worried about Jack calling the cops
only em how upset would the cops be at
me if I if anyone legitimately did that
they'd say what's wrong I've got that at
home if like if if I were a police
officer and someone said I think my
neighbor is emulating games on his
computer I would arrest that person for
wasting my time
yeah like you know I got drug dealers
and murderers and rapists to deal with
um as far as my list of priorities are
concerned also I ain't no snitch
I need to make that pretty darn clear to
everyone
I will waggle my finger all day long can
you use all of your fingers yeah they
got my money
it matches the dagger we found in his
father's background they betrayed the
trail began to betrayal
my guess young one muddling has died and
said well he thought himself ready to
lead his life i've okay with this turn
of events
classic Kratos
yes that was awesome that was awesome
nicely done that was darn near
impressive thank you jack thank you the
decision to not use your weapons to
inflict the r3 damage that was darn near
impressive man you got the shattered
gauntlet of Ages what does this one do
can I go to a menu thing to look at this
you can equip it I suppose it's a
talisman that does what I wear all right
now I think you have like big healing
talisman I think I got that the aim one
oh you have a mono okay so you could go
into the menu and look up what it does
first all right
kind of in the middle of something oh
shit I'm sorry just the game video yeah
every every once in a while we don't
know why uh uh adding to the list of
things we don't know about the stream
you will see the video game stutter
every once in a while and we don't
necessarily know why that's happening I
haven't fucked around with the talisman
as much we're in the menu is this Jack
oh fuck man
they're down there at the bottom one
here we go you have the talisman of
betrayal which gives you a little
defense buff also activate while aiming
to slow down time oh that's pretty good
one you haven't been using that I really
haven't no I keep forgetting about it
honesty so if you click on it then you
have a couple I usually use the
concentrated vitality which gives you a
little health bonus it's got a month
defense that you're on appeals to
powerful right friends and you can equip
it with a with a bonus jewel which that
ain't not bad my friend so now go to
impress the square so you can socket it
up sock it to me shit
anonymous says what are both of your
favorite turn-based RPGs not X come I
don't have a favorite turn-based RPG
they go I'm sure I've played one I've
enjoyed if it's not rainy and you can't
eat or drink it
go fuck yourself I didn't say go fuck
yourself much is my honest answer I
don't like the turn-based RPGs man
no that's exclamation point Final
Fantasy ok like I've played something
that Ivan genuinely enjoyed and I just
don't really remember what they are
XCOM not a turn-based game yeah ok
noticed turn-based RPGs
I said not turn-based games in general
right X come it's not a turn-based RPG
even though it's ster based strategy
game
it's survey strategy game and some will
say that the role-playing elements of X
comma stronger than in most RPGs but
then again you know things like you know
Madden football are probably better if
you want to define X comes an RPG I love
the fuck out of X comma oh no what I'm
saying is you know obviously the
definition of RPG is different than xn
even though the role-playing elements of
X cameras are strong
that wasn't a criticism of you that was
a how you got to find things you know I
personally I think some of these some of
the best role-playing games are stuff
like Madden where you can you know make
and coach your or you know manage your
own football team over the seasons yeah
very in-depth role-playing that wouldn't
necessarily be called a role-playing you
say turn-based RPG to me yeah I think of
something very specific of course
Final Fantasy style game absolutely no
and I don't but begrudge you for
thinking that that's the definition of
an RPG even though like I said I'm just
being cute with how we label boys it
gets a little semantics at some point
because everything is sort of an RPG
exactly ryan dois kind of fucking
everything is an RPG or has RPG type
elements that he thought before taking
action there would be no need for regret
isn't the new pixel indie game you're
excited about a turn-based RPG yes and
actually that is a classical turn-based
RPG where and like I said I'm sure there
have been games that I played in the
past I just can't think of anything I've
liked I've played Final Fantasy games
and enjoyed some of them you know I
liked a bit of Final Fantasy X and X x-2
has extensive dress-up mechanics like
that's actually a core gameplay is you
dress up your characters in different
outfits and that's what turns them into
different classes so I loved Final
Fantasy x-2 I'm swimming oh maybe my
I've played a lot of Final Fantasy games
and usually my issue with them is the
end game while I enjoy you know building
up characters as soon as you get near
the final boss it's such a grind is
you're under power I hate the grind in
those games yeah and and that's my
biggest issue with them and I think that
style of combat for turn-based combat is
a very boring style of turn-based combat
where you just take turns hitting each
other I could it's extremely boring I
understand why you would feel that way I
the I some of it I do find satisfying
alright well I'm not at fault anybody
who likes it for like oh right this is
not my thing absolutely there there's
there's parts of it I like there's parts
of it where you know skilled trees and
building up characters and whatnot
that's XCOM alright if you play XCOM
we're just trading shots with the enemy
you're gonna lose X comes about
positioning and finding ways to take a
better shot yes absolutely absolutely
now there there are things similar
strategy wise in turn-based
in traditional turn-based combat where
you know you weaken an enemy first or
give him a status ailment or you'd buff
yourself
there are things in traditional
turn-based combat that I feel are
similar to an XCOM type strategy not as
it's not as a tactical as X comma X
comma is different but I do like a lot
of that I like a lot of that turn-based
combat stuff great well I don't know how
to get past this wheel now do you have
to get past the wheel or didn't you open
a new way out I hadn't see any way out
let me you shot some things and opened
up a gate right wide opened up the gate
to get to where I went wait can I shut
it off from up here
not really does rich agree fire axis
XCOM was too simplified compared to the
original no real inventory small squads
etc I know you have something to say
about this and it's simplified in some
ways but I think the cover aspect
actually gives it you got arguing more
depth you're not trading shots out in
the open
I think I think I think they sped up the
pace of XCOM Without Really dumbing it
down all that much which that's that's a
good thing yeah yeah absolutely
I'm with you any any time you can you
can make a game more visceral without
without giving up too much of what is
that its core you've got a positive you
could probably add some inventory depth
back in but all sudden done if I had to
choose and I still like the original
XCOM but if I had to choose I probably
take the new one when you say you I've
heard I've heard you say X come to even
yeah I lumped them together to some
degree yeah what's in there isn't that
what you opened up oh yeah how oh
there's some gold oh maybe it's nothing
yeah that you were on that ship okay you
got the thing maybe you have to go the
other way no no I think it's the other
side I didn't come through her on boat
before probably on the other side yes
probably
oh there's summer oh yeah see you got to
keep going
that's the dock right there oh why
cesium says also mobs and XCOM wanax
come to add all the depth you could
possibly though any fucking thing you
want in that game there is already a mod
and 10,000 updates to that mod
absolutely and I I have most of them
because I like the pacing of the new
games right I asked about turn-based
RPGs because right now I'm playing
Chrono Trigger for the first time and
loving it I would probably despise you
and your enjoy I'm glad people who like
these things I would probably despise it
and I want to say I've I tried Chrono
Trigger and didn't get too into it what
was the other game that I really tried
to get into oh you know what you know
what game I've never played and I know
everyone is supposed to it's not
everyone's list of games is earthbound
yeah that's you know the turn-based RPG
that everyone loves and I have never
played it I kind of want to
I kind of want to but also I you know
like I don't want to come into it at
this point and just be like oh yeah it's
fine and then have everyone hate me
forever because I think this beloved
game is just fine or or shocked bad you
know I just I just don't care about the
kid with the spiky anime her right you
know you don't care about cloud
principally we found thanks kid
oh and cloud not clouds
I can't wait to test out the news I get
it yeah very much you got a you got a
rare ABS Palmer
what's with the sound we don't know I
think we need to check if is maybe a
driver update for our no idea for our
capture card maybe we haven't updated
the driver recently if we're having
sound issues and framerate issues we
might need to might need to check our
shit
while it truly wasn't my audience to
face showed itself again in the end well
he won fair's trust and she taught him
some of our Vanier magic another choice
she would live to bitterly regret sadly
despite his wise counselors best efforts
to persuade him that peace was the only
cue heart to Steve off Ragnarok or
didn't never let go of his obsession
with Jotunheim yeah and by the way all
the audio sounds like it's coming out of
a staticky radio us this mighty
sometimes they don't let you if a story
thing needs to happen I'm not in the
middle of a story thing now though so
well you're in the middle the main story
thing but they let you okay that's good
sometimes I've wanted to do the fast
traveler things let me know how to get
around our Thor and Odin etc good or bad
in this universe bad well they talk
about Odin all the time as a bad guy
that's what he just went through is Odin
marrying Freya why not cuz that kills
you down here so it's not killing me
there's the circle wait wait go ahead if
you want hey Anna feel like reloading
what happens you kills you yes you jump
you jump yeah jump oh dear
they have a thing about it earlier in
the game they say they say don't ever
don't ever go off that off the path
because it'll kill you even though
there's a button prompt to go off that
path can you can you imagine why there's
a button prompt there yes yes yeah
there's many there's many tales of
Odin's betrayal and thievery and
depravity and being a Odin is a cruel
dad in this there's many tales it's
basically the idiot check no it's not an
idiot check it's something that comes
into play in the story later it's it's
it's one of those you can never do that
thing never ever do it because you'll
definitely die and then the thing is
like we have to do it yeah we have to do
it for the story the story for the story
we have to do it and then they go okay
yeah it works this time so we didn't
start early what time what time are we
wrapping up Jack what are you feeling
that's a question for you man you know I
had planned to be here all fucking night
so how much do you want to play for the
sake I'm that's the thing yeah I don't
mind if we keep streaming I'm getting a
little bit got a word out oh okay
well knowing you know we can we can call
also because we started earlier like I
haven't had dinner yet so yeah what's
our hold on what's our uptime at how
long we've been how long we've been
moving and a groovin really we started
early
I didn't think it like it doesn't feel
like we've been going for three and a
half hours I know that's crazy that's
crazy rich you know for three and a half
hours going for oh yeah I feel bad for
people that he can get the messages that
we were starting early because it's kind
of a last-minute thing
yeah well you know there is stuff
there's something I do want to play so
we can do you want to take a break
whenever you want to stop playing God of
War I'll take over and play a little
something yeah I think I'm good for now
okay I think I'm good for now we had a
fine Valkyrie fight bad Valkyrie
fighters great we did the side quest
yeah I think I'm good okay well then
save and save and quit automatically
save or an actual main there's a if you
click the the triangle I'm just I'm just
coated on the auto it does have auto
saves as well but if you're worried
about it they do a manual saves you know
jack is gonna start cleaning again I
mean I could do a couple rounds of Noah
I want to play I want to check out that
minute game minute or you can do that or
you can check out the new character and
slay the spire
shit I guess we should check out that
now whatever you prefer I didn't even
think about that yeah yeah all right all
right I'm gonna go see if there's like a
pop-tart or something
something to shove in my face do we ever
implement that uh maybe I don't know
that we did it's probably is it up there
I think we had it in the OBS setup I
think it's set up in here I don't know
that's it oh wow we have what we should
have to be right back button
if not we can make one here make it over
here co-op sit and no we just have an
end yeah yeah here let me see if I can
put that together well we'll put it
together on stream yeah we got a tip you
give me the mouse you really take all
right we caught up but just one of the
top yeah I think my blood shot says
evening heck frauds hello Jack did you
get a chance to watch ninja I did I was
able to stomach approximately five
minutes of it before turning it off it's
really it's really low budget man I was
not quite prepared for how a low-budget
it was live-action yeah okay um rich if
you played ninja gaiden and stream yet I
think it's in a while like years ago
it's been a while but I'm pretty sure I
have I'm big fan mmm
I'm big fan we're still here it's just
in blank
Jerald of furniture says if you kill the
kid during the walking sections of this
game but he respawned
would it make the game more fun why no I
think it's not that bad the kids is not
that bad I don't know where people get
this idea like I think they just heard
it from someone who heard it from
someone but no the kid is not bad the
kid is not he's helpful in the fight and
of course he is the crux of the story of
the fucking game media this is what we
want media boy clobberer says how much
would I need to pay you to play path of
Radiance $5,000 $5,000 $5,000 will
guarantee it absolutely they go didn't
we have a we did we had a dancing thing
we're probably part put the empty back
yeah we'll get something on there so
people don't see a black screen Wow
so we got that at one point we had a
little dancing file it's on this
computer somewhere I assumed BG relax
what's that
that's not what I'm looking for oh what
a lot of relax I get why it's relax
I gotta find uh air hold on let's go
back to this one for a little bit Hey
just so we're here
mm say you guys can see us while I look
through files on the computer case you
exhale look display my tax records
exactly yes thank you what's this image
Rich's home address and social security
number that's probably what we're
looking for right I don't think that's
Oh
here's the will be back dance it's in
the overlay all right okay so then we'll
go back to we'll be back and then we go
to add source media file in overlay will
be back dance okay
oh but I didn't make it transparent
that's fine well so I thought I think I
got to do oh you know what actually this
one is weird where it's actually the
color gray which is the same color as
hold on well we'll make this right so
there's the will be back dance wait but
you come out of the side oh can I just
make you full full screen here I
probably can
isn't this exciting
the the behind-the-scenes
behind-the-scenes of the of the stream I
know you're all very excited about it so
no way just to make you the size of the
thing no I'll put you down there and
we'll put you there and then a who's
zoom in I like whoop that's Gras it's
great there now that we did all of this
to get our message up we'll play it
obnoxious commercial I'm good
well first on the mute so we mute this
no then we mute us

[Part III]
yeah we've been we've been Zelda English
yeah Zelda ain't never got a boring
alright slave spy off there we go
boink alright and the new character
which is in the beta yeah it is a beta
there is a beta version of the early
access game makes sense because they
want to they want them one that everyone
could play to be the stablest release
right right and beta they're playing
around what shit it's not necessarily
stable that makes sense
robot wizard it's a robot wizard so i
don't know anything about this new
character
neither do it neither do i we are
slay the spiring done and we just we
just signed up for the beta thing ok
when you want to be in the beta so it
should be ok it's just actually the
minute we check that it started updating
so I think we're gonna be alright
yeah so hey you know what let's find out
you want to download to this machine
yeah oh yeah slay the spire beta we are
in the beta and so all we need to do is
play as the what did it say we needed to
do place to silent I think plays a scion
yeah
and then we can play as the robot come
they go that's a robot I thought you
said you know nothing in according to
the thing instead it's a robot it's a
robot wizard it's a robot wizard robot
wizard yeah the fuck yeah
anonymous says one you guys gonna do
that injustice to e it's the perfect
time since you guys are riding off that
Avengers hi oh fuck what happened I
click the exit game instead of exit menu
it's fine it's fine
everything can you believe that plot
twist Bruce Willis was dead the whole
time ah spoiler joke I get it
captain Bacardi third says hey guys I
love the recent best of the word a
breath of the wild streams there we go
you got me replaying the game and I'm
having a lot of fun you're welcome
mater says look like Bruce Willis I
doesn't
we can't do this because I've never
played the beta in order to unlock the
silent we need to complete a single run
the say--let started unlocked normally
right I believe so
dammit
why can't we see the green screen now
are you sure we can't just start a run
and die and have that count
yeah let's you know what let's find out
you gotta check this out really quick
are we are is our green screen flipping
out a little bit every time we check
it's not and then I go back and look at
the footage and there's something fucked
up going on yeah every time every time
I'm sorry yeah
started running and quit and it will
come okay no no no
Vanda the rod I think defeat our view
it's a bit hinky yeah I don't know why
we gotta figure out what's going on
there's a lot of stuff we need to figure
out in life in general somebody to get
it what I what I believe is happening
with our green screen is if a bright
color happens on the TV it affects don't
you know what that's that's an
interesting thought because our lights
in here are relatively dark yeah
relatively speaking you know there you
go and we keep them in here relatively
dark so like we're not super distracted
by the you know I you know what I bet we
need well if we had a couple lights
specifically for the green screen yep
I think I know what to do I think I
haven't I think I have a way to to make
this happen okay so now if we choose the
silent
what is it safe it'll I think oh no
never mind
wait so do we have to do the same thing
I don't know yes we're playing on the
beta
bright ambient I would totally explain
it would because our our our ambient
light is rather dim and so if like a big
blue light happens on our TV that would
affect the green screen right maybe it's
selfish but you know we'd rather not be
playing games in a giant brightly lit
room oh there you go well you know it
would be distracting but if we had a
light specifically on the green screen
that would be slightly brighter that's
behind us all right here we go boom the
defect the defects cracked core at the
start of each combat channel one
lightning okay another try oh it's one
of those robot things which those real
bad things this is like an enemy which
ones there's an enemy that has like a
blue orb and there's a lot of weird
enemies
let's see here this is to a fire that
gets us to a shop
fire
let's try try this one let's try this
way okay Oh what Hunchback Jack says
that's your lightning at the end of turn
do three damage to a random enemy evoke
deal eight damage to a random enemy or
slots something they save up I don't
know I don't know all right this is
where were new things we're getting new
things blue cards that's so weird
looking yeah evoke your next or but two
times hundred back Jack says hey Jack
and British have you played the Back to
the Future game I've been playing lately
and well it lacks any significant
gameplay I admit to being charmed by it
it mails the feel of Anubis
I never finished it but the guy they got
to basically do a Michael J Fox
impersonation
spot-on oh yeah yeah and then Doc
brownness I believe just Christopher
Lloyd and came back to do it Oh fun
oh okay I'm fine I'm figuring it out
what are you figuring out how the orbs
work home do they work you have a card
that gives you an orb and then you have
a card that can play the orb like you
can't just click on an orb to evoke it
really you need a car that says evoke I
believe huh huh oh wait I think
yeah like you can't just click on an orb
okay but then here like you have this
like evoke your next orb two times this
is an Evoque card
alright enough but it's alright we're
doing it we're figuring it out what type
of game is it let's just impose it on
are you talking about the Back to the
Future game that's was that last gen is
last gen there was a PlayStation 3 era
right was it I know I don't remember
telltale games oh the tell-tale back
yeah sure sure okay so an adventure game
right like The Walking Dead
what is the one that's invaded and say
well what did that do
oh I think that was just like betta
artwork okay that's what that means yeah
I assume that's what betta man I figured
was something had to do with this being
the betta rather than they meant for
that card to say beta they're so weird
but maybe you know we are a robot so
maybe his car like even his cars are in
beta I could have seen them doing
something like that because he's a robot
yeah I assume it's just beta art artwork
that was this one nope shit that was
that one
god damn oh well we'll get one card game
seven block x times nice that's a good
card another question another question
mark question york queers to New York
dommage great so is the orbital then
just consistently do three damage a turn
if you don't do anything with it yes but
when you use it it's gone and with what
when you use this is gone and then you
can get these cards which give you orbs
so you can just hang out with that orb
there and just keep playing defense
exactly exactly like this one does six
damage and channels one frost so then
this a frost orb at the end of each turn
game to block
it's all I get - I only got to block
their car I'm onto your game cultist
you give me more lightning
and and will drink cuz I get to okay I'm
getting this I'm getting this this is
need this is neat this is different the
orbs this is definitely different this
isn't just like you know I feel like the
other two were just basically different
cards you know like the poison cards
attack cards but this is a whole new
thing
the cars that significantly changed up
the way they played oh sure but there
was just new cards here here there's a
whole expose this is just new cards to
but it feels it feels different like
that that's that's nice this is
interesting static discharge whenever
you take attack damage channel one
lightning
got it head Oquendo says you guys ever
consider revisiting no man's sky I've
heard the game is no longer a giant
piece of shit and is actually kind of
decent no but I no longer own my copy of
the game
yet probably not not even it's a little
too late not even a little part of me
wants to look at that game again ever
there's so much other shit I'd actually
rather do right yeah like unless someone
said like oh they've put out a free
patch that completely changes absolutely
everything about the game and then there
there's there's just nothing that I want
to
block it cost for I don't even have 400
I guess I get it nevermind I get it
three cards is this a roguelike but with
cards kind of absolutely yeah yeah yeah
it definitely is the the you go through
you unlock more cards that can be added
to your hand every time you play the
game it's a different you have a
different hand it's a different
experience
didn't do and this is the this is the
brand new character just revealed in
beta form and as you can see for some of
my cards even the cards don't have
artwork on them yet which is crazy
I'd hate to have a ton of the ones just
say baby yeah cuz a lot of times you
remember them by my birthday yeah it
really it would really throw me for a
loop it would just it would just take
like a ton of extra reading yeah I mean
what ones this one again map yeah I know
what potions are or if you have the one
car that says beta but you think it's
the other card that says Batum discard
any of them gain three block returned a
random card from your discard pile to
your hand or gain one orbs lon yeah I'm
going full orbed slot that sounds that
sounds horrible
oh yeah I'm a norm slot want all them
orbs
yeah that's great I did say slot yes you
did say slut it's arm slot
right great
can you give me all them orbs there a
chance of a got him or review yeah
there's a very good chance I'd said in
fact it was at my feet right now is my
camera bag because we were supposed to
film our our review today before the
stream was not far enough in and it was
not far enough I don't I don't want to
spoil anything for rich and I didn't
want to but you know like we were
talking about this last week a little
bit yeah and it's like yo when can we
get the review and I said well Richie I
need you to get to at least X part of
the game and no spoilers and and I said
don't worry you'll know it when you get
there and and rich you thought you got
there but it wasn't the part and so by
now it's just you have to finish the
story of the game so your foot we're far
enough in where you just have to finish
the story then we'll have plenty to talk
about
four hours in this is gonna be a five
hours stream you probably we did start
early and I don't want to feel like I'm
shipping you guys who didn't know we
were going to start really he's we
didn't we didn't announce anything about
it we just did it yeah yeah we'll give
me the extra slot card I got a power of
power yeah
hey deal with it look you're next or two
times so I think this is my next or but
it's like whatever the front orb is yeah
so I could gain ten block but this will
get me even more block
oh that's great that's great wonder what
other kind of orgs they got you just
destroyed well you got to what you have
to eat it a card to discharge the or
break yeah I believe more like a
mushroom growing out of a dead mouse
that's kind of exactly what it is you're
fighting the mushroom not the mouse yeah
yeah a random command card into your
hand that's interesting that's in beta
artwork I've never seen it look at that
artwork you know what I guess we kind of
need that then we need that card just
for that adorable our org looks like you
just whipped it up into mspaint real
quick yeah I mean look at that's all of
it look look at the defend Wow
strike I think is is pretty close to
being on but yeah game to orb slots yeah
full orb slot
that's my goal that's my game you find
no fucks about artwork this is the
busines bata it's the right there that
you know what they're trying to hone
gameplay what is shocking a shocking
thing here they're like hey let's put
these cards out there we know what they
want to do we'll deal with you know how
it looks later right
you find a shimmering mass of light
encompassing the center of the room
it's warm glow and enchanting patterns
invite you in my damage 9 bluff great
yeah I'll need to heal sooner or later
Jack trigger Joyce questions I have a
question I've been dying to ask where do
you get your ideas from does anybody
know where they get ideas from I have no
idea where ideas come from they just
appear just appear that's they just
appear that's that's kind of it either
you know something you saw a while back
and you think of a way to tweak it or
just they just appear it's just
something dumb you want to do
your brain your brain has a random spark
mix this with another random spark and
hey how about this yeah I just had a
thought
we humans really love to form patterns
out of nothing huh since since the dawn
of our consciousness we have loved to
form patterns out of nothing
and that's all ideas are is just that
these these little separate things and
they'll put them together see what
happens there's any one answer right
let's see here
this is he's gonna he's gonna run away
soon enough the brain just takes various
ideas and churns them together and
remixes them yeah
and get out of here defend
there we go we got him we got him so we
don't have free will
that free was overrated I mean we don't
have free well get out of here of course
we have free well of course we have free
well but you know the the the the random
what are you talking about we don't have
free will six damage evoke your necks
are removal
yes yeah I'm okay of course we have free
well free will and random and random
actions don't necessarily oppose each
other I don't know about that I mean I
don't know I don't know that we have
free will
okay I don't know that I'm sufficiently
convinced what does it mean well I was
good I was that was gonna be my very
next question is define free will for me
the ability the ability to choose our
next action is free will and I think we
have that I think we have the ability to
choose whatever we do next you know you
know why I know that so many people fail
and die and that means that they they
chose poorly I I think I think there's
there's too much randomization in the
concept of free will for me to be
comfortable with it I like the idea but
if I am put in this particular situation
every time I'm gonna make the same
choice
cuz that's what makes me me that kid's
gonna hit my bus you gonna jump out of
the way to save him yes that that's
that's the thing I would do yeah that's
the thing you choose don't they have
free will it would be like sometimes I
wouldn't choose to do that sometimes you
wouldn't because every situation is
different
are you meeting the exact same thing
yeah in the exact same situation yeah
but I think you're you have it backwards
you have freewill and so you would do
the same thing in every situation
because you have made those choices to
make that decision okay
wait what
it's too bad supply three weeks imagine
bitches like the doctor in Voyager who
said everything was set in stone
during the BIGBANG BIGBANG BIGBANG uh
yeah thanks it's very likely that
everything was set in stone yeah ah like
all choices were set in stone a big big
bang so no matter what we do it was
meant to be that way we're just going to
be that way an event implies some kind
of design hmmm that that's it that's
that seems to it was just going to be
that way and that that seems to be
looking at it from a hindsight
perspective
Jack did Michelangelo carved the David
or David under the stone all the time he
just gym parts away that weren't David
he carved the David don't be dumb I know
I know there's some there's some artists
bullshit out there that says no the
painting was always on the canvas and I
just revealed it and that's an artist
being an asshole
Michelangelo studied practiced and spent
his entire life focusing on how to carve
away stone to make a thing and so he
made a thing are are you saying that
rich you could right now take a hunk of
marble and and Michelangelo would appear
just because he was there to begin when
I was being cute I know and I was
pulling a classic rich I know I know you
flipped you flip the dynamic flipped the
script rich and you weren't comfortable
with it Michael always an asshole
Michelangelo was an asshole I'm sure I
smiled Jack everyone was amazed I'm fine
with it I suppose there's a limit on the
amount of cards you can get that expand
your warm slots can you imagine what
this would look like if you had like a
hundred of those cards I would love that
and I'm not I'm not going to seriously
argue with you about the freewill issue
because this isn't something I've
actually sat down and thought that
deeply uh right
oh yeah that's all it's all Wibbly
wibbly-wobbly
lightning orb never play this card abuse
costs we're doing great
rubber fistfights says actually Kate
Mulgrew was convinced that Janeway had
an undiagnosed psyche psychotic S
condition because of how all over the
place her writing was so she played
Janeway like she was insane that does
help Janeway make a lot more sense it
just makes you love Kate Mulgrew even
more than just Kate Mulgrew is great
perhaps perhaps traveling through like
what was the thing they traveled through
traveling through the the conduits which
caused her to go insane oh you mean when
when they first got there why didn't
affect everyone else maybe a dude oh wow
but what B'Elanna tourists went through
the pond far for Christ's sake
they they rich they traveled back in
time maybe that was a mass illusion due
due to psychosis if turning into a
salamander doesn't fuck up your brain I
don't know what will dad Captain Janeway
turned into a salamander in one episode
of Star Trek Voyager this is why people
don't like the show not just Janeway was
Janeway and Paris right and didn't they
have salamander babies she also murdered
a very nice person because she missed
her friend yes let's race yet she had
salamander babies with salamander Tom
Paris she so so she she's salamander
fucks Tom Paris which is an accurate
statement and then on one episode she
straight up murdered someone because she
wanted her friend back she made the
wrong call ordered her goons to cart him
off to be executed yeah but a person who
by the way was pretty awesome super
super helpful super nice he was the best
of both the Tuvok and Neelix and would
have been an asset to the crew yes yes
murdered him murdered him
two Vic's was a Mary Sue that was kind
of the point
I know you meant that as a joke two
Vic's was great I know we were supposed
to feel sad because we lost to Vox and
Neelix yes
oh I like that tell my man upon pickup
upgrade to random attacks to fix wasn't
great he was a whitey covered so you're
saying he deserved to die then think
about it hey don't I don't know how you
could justify Janeway's actions
no no to tuvok's
was both super smart logic and logical
but also empathetic and pleasant to be
around to fix would have been an asset
to that crew and was a unique individual
with his own consciousness yeah no
matter how you play it Janeway murdered
him
how would Janeway feel if somebody
wanted to rip her in two because
somebody thought they could make two
decent people out of him fuck would Jane
wait now about that you know what your
personality is all over the place
Janeway I'm gonna rip you apart
because I like this jean way better now
to be fair that Janeway with the other
one can cook for us
damn right
it's a significant amount of people
watch this and just be absolutely
confused talk about Star Trek Voyager
very important discussion here there's
an episode with the characters of Neelix
and to Vox were fused together in a
transporter accident right
and it came one person to vixx they
became a third entity to vixx and the
memories of both huh had the memories
both had the memories and personality
traits of both yeah and then Janeway
decided to rip two Vic's apart against
the protest of two Vic's because of
course tuvok's
was a third individual who literally had
to be dragged to the transporter room
begging for his life by Janeway's goons
that's how the episode ends great him
pleading with people to help him but
nobody did honestly think about that I
know I think oh that no one helps I can
so I guess you know what we can't just
blame Jane wait I mean Janeway made the
call but someone on that crew should
have been the voice of reason so it's
all is that we have to blame the whole
crew keeping to fix around requires
killing two people two deaths is worse
than one
Tuvok should back to vixen diamond no no
because they weren't those two were
already dead when the transporter
accident happened right uh it was no
one's fault the transporter accident
right no one purposefully set the
transporter to merge them yes
so to riches absolutely correct two
people had already died at that point
you're playing God you're trying to
bring people back to life wrong call
Janeway
look at how many orbs I have all the
orbs oh yes
whenever I take damage I get one
lightning warm
well I just got slimed that must be a
new card I haven't played this in a
while
I just got slimed oh yeah that's been a
thing for a while and the slime monsters
now yeah really super obnoxious I I'm
noticing it has made the remember the
slime boss from the first level I was
kind of a cakewalk
yeah Oh Oh No now that bad boss battle
is a pain in the ass shit
sausage toast says so the players asked
for a third character and the devs give
them blue balls nice nice well done well
done Jen this new character is very much
not balanced or completely flushed out
well welcome to the beta
welcome to the beta build I just want to
see what yeah we like we're not here to
like critique or judge this remember
everyone and this is I know something we
said earlier you might have missed it
this is the beta version of the early
access game so like we're not expecting
half of these cards have mspaint art
we're not here to really criticize we're
just so I just want to check it out
where do you see you to check it out you
know damaging folk you next orbit I want
to keep mining the real problem of the
Voyager was that it was a writing crew
already burnt out plus they didn't
accept spec scripts anymore so they
really were screwed for ideas huh it
stopped accepting spec scripts by then
that was always a famous thing with Star
Trek they would accept fan scripts oh
really but it necessarily you'll didn't
make everyone they got said oh sure you
can submit a script to them and they
might use it oh that's fun yeah
future Prezi says hey rich and jack-high
imagine a world where you have the
opportunity to completely retcon the
entire Star Wars prequels how do you
change the story love you guys
okay I would do nothing and stop making
movies after Return of the Jedi and I
would look forward to the future and
other new ideas that people might come
up with that's my idea that's my bitch
you're you're in charge and Lucas is on
you go you go George he had the great
success with Star Wars he did the
Indiana Jones thing that's great I will
I will finance any movie you want made
as long as it is a new intellectual
property George any movie hit me up
George we can make this happen
I will not make a Star Wars movie about
like like fairies in a garden or so fine
fuck it that's fine whatever that wasn't
what he made he made it was it cool I
was gonna say the name as a joke but I
couldn't remember it but by the way
that's fine that's something new yeah I
want to make the movie with the black
airplane drivers yeah go make it make it
now he made he made like a fairy movie
strange magic thank you chat is what we
called strange magic perfect let's make
it let's make it
I will give you money for that
look at that look at that art I almost
prefer the EMAs painter that's so great
interesting
interesting Jack you have anything to
add about chance to remake the prequels
thing and I'm firmly on team we don't
need them no and I think that's fine
like let's assume there's there's a
world in which the prequels are going to
be made no matter what yeah and and I
have I have some sort of sway within
Lucas or within whoever right yeah I I
would just and this is this applies to
that this applies to the new ones being
made where it's just like let's just try
to make them dumb fun adventure movies
like we don't need to go into the lore
let's just let's just make some
adventure movies remember it remember
George you wanted to base them off of
the serials the the science fiction
series do you remember mr. Lucas what if
we just made some space fun some fun
space movies wouldn't that be great we
don't need to worry about continuity as
to make some adventure movies but so
that would be my only thing is just
remember remember to keep them fun yeah
let's try to keep them fun
look financially I know that's not the
way to go I'm talking about what I would
like to see ya
and that's what I would like to see
nothing right right right
no that's fair it's really fair rich
so I'm saying axe kick stole those
damage if you don't have an own to evoke
oh is that true I'm screwing reading the
thing great
think I'm lightening him maybe that last
yes
great
prequels would have been a lot better
with just a good second pass on the
writing editing stage and third and
fourth and fifth they're not very well
thought out
oh fuck yeah
so any reason that Star Wars took place
a long time ago yes because they're not
really science fiction movies they're
fantasy movies the fairy tales and fairy
tales take place a long time ago in the
whenever yeah the sci-fi the sci-fi
aspects of Star Wars Star Wars that's
that's superficial that's window
dressing it's really a spaceship it's
about yeah it's about wizards and
instead of instead of riding horses
they're flying spaceships but it's
wizards and knights and magic yeah
it's a way of saying once upon a time
that you can copyright
that's beautiful but beautiful rich
space wizards and big dogs and fly
spaceships or some kind of sidekick ogre
type creature yep
for the elves he walks alderaanians well
like not every not everything fantasy
needs to be Tolkien's right right till I
know Tolkien kind of has like the market
cornered you need L you need you know
light but smart and rich elves and dumb
but strong ogres and it's not a
one-for-one right it's not one for one
Toki and fantasy but it's it's it's the
heat it's the hero but it's definitely
wizards and knights and magic it's the
hero finds the sword and defeats the
villain yeah absolutely
it's not a speculative fiction and how
nanotechnology might affect the future
of mankind
it's not it's not
yes it's the hero's journey in space
you're right jack trick of choice it's
just that easy because they're out of
other ideas for the hero's journey so
then you know that goes to space like
any classic franchise the once they go
to space it's all over and we know that
to be true oh this could be interesting
evoke all your orbs gain an orb slot for
each or B votes okay let's see if it
works
maximum orb capacity has been reached
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten orbs by the way barb ten orbs
oh no he's not
that's great
the central question is what should a
Star Wars movie be over yeah you know is
it so much to ask just to just have a
fun space adventure can you give me that
space adventures
hit me hit me
crap
jigglypuff says rich have you ever
gotten Mike back for all that teasing a
mess of the worst thanks for the stream
guys I mean I really haven't been out
for blood for what happens during our
Saleem episode movie discussions what
you haven't been no I haven't been weird
I understand that that's the worst means
I'm gonna be the what I'm looking for
here the I'm gonna bear the brunt to
some jokes I'm gonna be good I'm trying
I'm the expression here but but thank
you you were you were looking for but
yeah no I can't remember the expression
I couldn't remember the expression at
the butt of the joke
it's my old age Jack I'm getting that
samosa my lady
senility what are they comment what's
that word servile
what senile Oh see now senility that's
the word senility yes I'm getting that
sweet jeebus Chris man I'm getting that
senility in my old Dodge odds right ol
Dodge that's it old äj--
you mentioned now I've always been like
that
it's nothing new
David I know people says right and jahar
yeah what up
my name is pronounced David II know
people see you guys were both wrong well
put a fucking camping letter in your
name now if I'm gonna fuckin ounce your
name is written your name is David I
know people David II know people Ana and
a space or some capitals man yeah get it
together I don't know what's supposed to
be separate verbs or not
when is J going to come back to the show
since you enjoyed the first and justice
game you played to whenever he wants in
probably because we enjoyed our
playthrough
naima says d rich i never seen any star
trek besides the movies
my boyfriend is nerd so I suggested
season three TNG instead we watched five
seasons of enterprise-c a monster and is
all trek like this he is a monster by
the way it like if if you said if you
said to your boyfriend hey let's watch
some TNG and he's and he made you watch
enterprise that's breakup material right
there that's just straight-up breakup
material what what a monster that's
that's going from from filet mignon to
so what my Taco Bell to a fucking punch
to the face like like if you said hey
hon I want to go out for some nice
steaks tonight and he just slapped you
across the face and said here's your
steak baby five seasons here's here's
your mistake seasons Jack not talkin to
me baby seasons yeah get out get out of
that relationship that's you are the
that nothing good is coming think I
might die
yeah I think so too yeah the valiant
effort
felt pretty good felt pretty good I'm
liking there's there there's definitely
something to do okay with that guy all
right are you done yeah yeah all right I
think we're done great meaty stream
today yeah
media early stream let's tab over to
that old watcher because now is the
point in the stream in which we thank
all of you lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Otto von 2-1 to rebel of old
Excel 83 gaming Oh can't striker for 12
months in a row the dude in 1944 for 40
motherfucking months in a row gay handy
light mr. Jimmy lays for 15 months in a
row who says why no first four hours of
anymore come on honestly that's that's
as simple as that you see a game you
think I've worked well for that yeah
yeah sometimes that happens with shows
stop working space aliens super cocaine
for twenty four fucking months in a row
says Richard I recently bought some
crystal farms American cheese and after
eating that I can't go back to craft
because it's garbage
yes there's some good cheese Kraft
cheese is garbage yes congratulations
your your cheese life will be better
from here on out your cheese life only
your cheese life the rest of your life
we can't do anything about but your
cheese life that's that's on the
empanada Lord melon and seven showers
are golden
Jaggers what a one Sask which a shack a
mess el the blue prism for thirteen
months of roses winner winner chicken
dinner you did it Dan - Lee okay uncle
of Lies for 16 months
says don't you gents agree that a movie
based on Christopher Lee's time and the
Ministry of ungentlemanly warfare in
World War two needs to be made sure what
I mean
sure why not from from all accounts
Christopher Lee is an absolute badass
what movie was it was a attack of the
clones when he was explaining how it
really sounded would somebody got
stabbed in the back he'd actually done
it to someone but it was a Lord of the
Rings for the Rings when Saruman gets
stabbed Peter Jackson's started
explaining to him what he should sound
like with his throat gurgling with blood
and he says there is no need to explain
that to me I know what it sounds like
when a man is stabbed through the throat
the only man who like new Tolkien right
like he Nutella candy yeah I didn't know
that oh fuck yeah he need a new token he
went to war he he was he is the the
badass when he's he's 90 some years old
playing in heavy metal bands god damn it
he's a badass yeah he was doing vocals
for like for like demonic rock respect
for Christopher Lee than ever before yes
he knew he knew Tolkien personally and
is the only person who ever got
Tolkien's blessing to play Gandalf
Gandalf Gandalf here's the other one
he was so Roman oh but he wanted him to
play again
back it back in the day back in the day
back in the day told when you know way
back in the day when Tolkien was still
alive and they're talking about movie
rights or whatever he's the only one to
personally get Toki and seal of approval
huh to play Gandalf even though he ended
up playing so Vermont yeah that's a
great question uh Christopher Lee's
sneaky SMED stand for 15 months in a row
Greg Koenig says thanks for the great
stream guys Jack do you have any
anecdotes or advice about becoming a
parent I'm currently expecting my first
I'm gonna this is gonna sound like a
real bummer and I know and I don't mean
to sound like a bummer because like I
like kids and I'm really glad I had kids
but having kids is way harder than you
think it's going to be and so basically
my only advice is prepare as best you
can to have your life completely wrecked
and that's not that's not to say that's
not a bad thing this sounds like it
sounds like bitter sour grapes no no
what did that my life got ruined I'm
glad what what I mean by wrecked is
everything you do now
it's not gonna be there totally worth
elbow-deep and fecal matter for three
years
honestly totally straight years of shit
and puke everywhere but what I'm saying
is everything you have now it's gonna
change and it's gonna be different
everything you have now will be
destroyed but you'll get something else
out of it there is that there is a
positive to this you get to hopefully
leave the world better than you then you
found it by it by raising a youngin but
everything will change and it's okay to
ask for help and I grew up and they're
gonna vote for krump oh my god you make
sure raised them not to be horrible
dickheads
but like don't be don't be afraid to ask
for help don't be afraid to take a break
don't be afraid to to reach out to a
support network it's it's tough having
kids is fucking tough so all right I'm a
terrible salesman for Parenthood fucking
good it is tough having kids is so hard
and I wanted them and I thought I was
prepared it wrecked me like my first kid
that that like years after I had my
first kid I was a goddamn mess
I'm good now but so proxy dude fuck
fucking road encephalopathic for 19
months in a row who says 19 months this
is not enough of Jeff Bezos money for
all you helped me get over my anxiety
with one in a simple phrase it's fine
it's fine everything is fine if that's
what gets you over your hangsang it I
say that some I said look just like a
sue that's fine thanks it's a soothing
thing okay okay this quarter discord yes
embryo so I last 1984 /s 435 fucking
months in a row go P neo striker Huff
mad 0 K Gore Zim buffer monkey Jim
bought her I think then but Zim butter
monkey actually its zimba zimba team
monkey is they Oh Zim boo the monkey if
you want if you want a name pronounced
right you can't just string a bunch of
lowercase letters together and expect
to know where the brakes come you can't
do that you people gonna capitalize
somebody rub selves koala queef ice bone
badger 445 motherfucking months in a row
says eagerly anticipating the next black
spine installment of the IRL MCU when
rich destroys half the VHS tapes in the
universe to bring balance Cal Ron
twenty-seven who says rich Jack have
some Amazon money watching old rlm and
came across the review of turbo kid your
thoughts right oh it's great it's
absolutely great
yeah and we we were fortunate enough to
have the best screening event which is
just all of us produced rejected it was
great it was projected on a wall it was
a great screening it was it was
beautiful
let's see here Jack the Lee motto
soundtrack is retro retro synth
gold-rich the max the only other good
image comic series what is the max the
only other good image comic series I
mean I've heard it's gone downhill I was
always fond of the savage dragon The
Walking Dead is an image comic series oh
that did very well okay but at the time
and their heyday probably probably that
and the Savage Dragon were the only
things worth it mm-hm but you know turbo
Burke is great
turbo kata is a great movie recommend it
to all friend plays oath would watches
to least wise and us says what snake
never skips desert a Python shoot Mick
BAM boom
sunburned Touma sunburned tuba nice
Kings King Oh King Stannis 85 that is a
game of Thrones reference King Stannis
ridiculously says Jack rich I'm making
nachos do you want some yes send them in
the mail have some nachos rich want some
none for me thanks though I appreciate
you offering
cheapo left for 19 months in a row the
Forbin project quiz zaboo jr. 3 2 0 9 9
tab rare Ian I thought it was tell him
Ben Aryan just glancing at it Oh which
would have been terrible that well
someone to archive the Patel that might
actually be good they go to archives and
they just turn down statues I mean it's
really not good
it's they they collect all the books
then burn them because they're heretical
yeah okay I never mind alright that's
pretty bad thing oh and thunder guns
wickless 443 motherfucking months in a
row scorned 1210 for 13 months in a row
says keep on hacking and rotting okay
Eric Kirk the Birdman Pucci Leo Captain
Picard II third because movie for twenty
seven fucking months in a rope says look
out those cards can be some kind of
fucking edged weapon thanks for 27 plus
months of laughs Wisconsin accent oh I
can't you do this I can't I can do
accent I can't do it was contacts can
you it's it's kind of just like the far
enough art now it's like well her go
Midwest Marge H it was that I never get
tired of your witty shit and I think
you're doing a Boston and never get
tired a a witty shit what do you what is
the Wisconsin accent oh geez geez oh
geez there I never get tired
you're witty shit hey you thrown some
Canadian into it it's fine so they're
all right there I grew up here so I
don't really have a Wisconsin accent
until for 16 months in a row but you
know sometimes thinking about speaking
of speaking of growing up in Wisconsin I
I just recently watched the last best of
the worst which started with me making
forgetting what team Scottie Pippen was
on yeah and I realized something you and
Mike were really like we're shocked and
a gasps that I didn't know Scottie
Pippen was on the Bulls yeah but you and
Mike also grew up in the Chicagoland
area and I did not so the Bulls weren't
really a big deal whatever I'm just
saying I just thought of that now of
like like why we're making rich so
freakin out about the bull fucking kim
jeong-hoon loves the Bulls are you
saying I'm no better than a North Korean
madman dictator well there go the peace
talks rich he's gonna hear about this
now let's hear em tilts for 16 months in
a row rubber fist fight puffs max don't
fresh 1 1 7 says did you hack Franz ever
get to the witcher 3 deal see great
expansions especially the blood and wine
1 i you know what i haven't played any
of the witcher since since the stream i
had a very good time but we other shit
started coming up and now now I'm out
now I'm out but I didn't I did enjoy the
witcher 3 i think there's a lot of
positive aspects but i got out because
the world got in the way jay-j s kane 21
noble jade falcon says have you tried
battle ticket i got got him war my hands
I got a I got a fucking emulated mod
some
after that he's got to pick out a war
first that's no job I said it first
god damn it and then you know emulate
just could you tuck in code so I can
have plausible deniability when when the
cops do come and shut you down I need to
show them my copy of the game and then
they can fuck off
double nagging typos fifty-three tyro
tyro 53 I guess I read that as a typo
our dog Daniel artisan Nick beard and
Poe for FX
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
I'll go play some Zelda mods you're
supposed to say I do we do
