Jun 20, 2018
Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale, Enter the Gungeon, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278343806
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278349404
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278353242
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajtD0UsIR2U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXwi5cN90eo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0fidGC90Uc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1009499605787168787

[Part I]
here here presumably always takes a
minute how did you change the title
shirt oh no no it's fine
you're just gonna get everybody's hopes
up horribly her I am with that title I
get what your three right oh yeah I
might still be saying we're playing the
way that's fine
we're sorry everyone we're not playing
The Witcher I'll change that 40 effing
minutes late will fuck you to time is it
the 6:40 it's my fault not like that's
going to help a lot
how do you spell this again re c e re c
ET te AR how does this is this is this
ridiculously loud in the stream
everybody it shouldn't be theoretically
it should be rather quiet do you guys
hear this not loud perfect volume great
why does that child wear them good your
fats anime bullshit I don't know how you
can tell whether or not somebody's
supposed to be a child or not yeah
that's a one that is a fairy and I
believe for all intents and purposes
that fairy is an adult I think yeah give
us some voices no I'm not doing voices
for this no no you know what that's just
not gonna happen right that said I do
think capitalism ho is adorable
capitalism the ho
agreed agreed that is very cute
speaking of you know we're here on
Twitch I'm trying to update our stream
yeah on the official twitch app yeah and
the twitch app has a problem rich okay
the twitch app you know you you get to
type in the game you're playing so you
can go into the game category right yeah
and uh they don't appear apparently they
don't have Russert ear as a game that
you can play our records here or
whatever however you pronounce it right
I have to assume it's Reckitt ear for
the racketeering pond of course well so
here's here's the problem they don't
have the game so I don't have the option
in the app to just put in the name of
the game I'm playing I need to choose
something that's in the twitch database
on the app and that's a big problem for
us right now because right now it still
says we're playing The Witcher 3 and I
can't even remove the game we're playing
on the app so now I got I got to go do
it I got to do it find another way to do
this to update the stream that's a
problem with the app official problem I
do mean that
you know you know what I was watching
before I came here today rich speaking
of Alex Kirkman taking over all Star
Trek Kurtzman I think whatever is now
yeah by the way looking III didn't know
who he was so we quickly looked at his
resume not super hyped about him taking
overall Star Trek yeah yeah I'm shocked
somebody would take credit for writing
the amazing spider-man 2 is the job it's
a credit is what it is there oh Jesus
Christ
get out of here comically loud do we
need to turn that down no that wasn't us
that was the thing that Otto played no
okay
people say it's fine uh here here we go
maybe I can do it it's loud here and we
have our sound turned almost off oh
there it is why weren't you showing up
in the thing okay great I don't know I
don't know man I just don't know
so anyway speaking of Alex Kurtzman
taking over Star Trek yeah we were
having a little problem with our with
our TV at home we what we get a YouTube
TV yeah that's where we had all of our
cable and stuff I was having a little
problem with that you know I finally
figured it out and we just needed to
play some sort of live Channel and so I
go through the live channel things and
OH start Star Trek voyagers on BBC
America okay I'll watch a little bit of
that and I got hooked immediately was a
great episode it's great episode it was
the episode where the telepathic alien
kept on taking over people's minds so it
wouldn't go back into the nebula oh yeah
yeah do you remember that and then so
they couldn't trust anyone except for
the doctor but then the doctor gets shut
off it's great little episode I was
running a little late because I was
watching that episode by the way but
that's not why we're late here come in
log in we're late here because after we
got all set up we shot an episode before
the stream today and after we get all
set up all the cameras all the lights we
are ready to go I realize that I forgot
all of my memory cards at home oh my
fuck
God and so then I had to drive home and
drive back and then we talked for an
admittedly very long time about the two
games so it's my fault that we're late
I'm very sorry
sorry not sorry I mean I am sorry but
you know we're still here yeah still
here Rocketeer all right yeah it's not a
shop management game a shop management
sim eyes I want to call her reset I know
I know
because it seems like that's how the C
would work in her name
yes it does but I guess rickettes is
also a name it is I guess I don't
fucking know but I want to call her
every time I see it I want to say reset
so then I want to call it a rest here
but I never realized girl twas this cute
haha there he is he's uh you know this
is what he's doing a pre Witcher ring
yeah he's you know he runs a little
merchants guild think they're talking
about the fairy
oh she has gray hair yeah I could go out
maybe yeah
it's a fantasy anime trope - just
misspelled normal names but is resets a
normal name or rickettes neither of
those are normal names anyway it doesn't
matter this is what we're playing it's
fun everything's fine everything's fine
prax is nope not that one doobie
sandwich rich says hey R&J; if you're
familiar with the Adams family do you
prefer the modern deadpan snarky err
Wednesday atom atoms or the classic
wholesome modern Wednesday Addams
what's-her-face as Christina Ricci
Jeannie Ricci was the best thing about
those movies yeah she was great yeah she
plays she played it just right yeah she
played it perfect it was perfect it was
it was it was deadpan very serious no no
hints at the gag and that's the perfect
way to play it and you know what I think
Addams Family 2 gets a lot of flack does
it I think so we just go to first I
think so yeah and I loved her I loved
that moment when she's at the summer
camp and she's you know if she realizes
the every way and she starts smiling and
it freaks everyone out more god I love
that movie
both of those movies she realizes that
her love interest is allergic to
everything and that he could die at any
moment and that makes her really happy
and interested in him as a great movie
see it's why I played this with the
sound off oh isn't it annoying this the
entire soundtrack is on a five-second
loop and it is irritating as shit yeah
Aubrey Plaza would be a great Wednesday
yeah I hope she's getting over that
shtick I I love her so much on Legion
because she's actually playing a
character instead of just playing the
one character that she got famous for
playing and I hope I hope she leaves
that shtick because she's a she is an
actual talented actress I just don't
like her deadpan shtick
did you receive her on Parks and Rec not
really no she plays she played basically
Wednesday Addams growing up she was very
deadpan very straight very was the one
that was in the office that one not that
one okay not not rashida Jones but any
after afterwards she started basically
taking a lot of roles that were very
similar to that and and I never cared
for that shtick I'm really hoping that
with with kind of these movies that
she's taking and with Legion she's
branching off it and I hope she doesn't
fall into the Danny McBride slump Danny
McBride had a really awesome movie
called the foot fist way in which he
played you know this kind of doofus
character who thought he was really
awesome but is really a big doofus okay
and then for the rest of his career he
has played that exact same character
it's it's a living it's a living
absolutely that's how you get work you
played that one character we want a
character like that and then you don't
get an opportunity I really saw an
opportunity to branch off or maybe you
know what maybe that's what you're best
at that what a being you do he's got
that one stick he'll do it the three
stooges made a good living being the
Three Stooges
or maybe not they probably died broke
there's probably some got a horrible
tragic Three Stooges story right where
their manager took all them yeah problem
you know it's I know that's probably
true yeah yeah
yeah that's fine why are they playing
this instead of the last of us they're
there hopefully once we get into it
you're gonna see like there is some
actual good shop manager and game
mechanics there's a pretty meaty
tutorial in front of everything here
that's one of the big like that I think
this game has two big hurdles to
overcome
and they're kind of lumped together
right you hate it you hate it when any
two people talk to each other and it
goes unless it's the witcher 3 and then
it's fine then just shut up then shut up
and listen right okay I guess in in in
The Witcher we talked about this a
little bit like I feel like their
conversations have a meaning and it's
not too little anime girls screaming at
each other yeah so so and that's what I
heard
this is fun
you killed the string audios messed up
what's wrong stream hosed what he looks
good on our inter how about now oh wait
wait wait wait
it's back now wait it's back now it's
fine
what happened guess her audio was wrong
oh that's weird we didn't we didn't we
didn't touch anything so we don't know
what happened but it went weird well
we'll watch it later I guess oh okay huh
you seem to be fine now that's out by
the way you'll see me do this a lot and
that's how I check if if we're dropping
frames cuz I'm watching my head so just
even you do this so you know sorry if
that's weird to you guys I'm not playing
a game with underage anime girls in it
right now riches and we played this we
put we we we just we just did an episode
talking about this and moonlighter which
are two games that have incredibly
similar premises and discussing the the
things both games do well and the things
both games do poorly and rich after
talking about it rich wanted to play a
little more Rekha tear why not we could
I figured we I figured my here's my
plant my actual plan okay we'll jump
around a bit okay that's cool I can play
this maybe I'll switch to moonlighter or
maybe I'll switch to enter the gungeon
sure enter the gungeon was a weird I
don't know why but yes sure sure I I
just I hadn't heard I hadn't heard that
name in a while you said maybe I'll play
enter the gungeon I was like whoa
that's like a throwback episode rich
hated anime I hate a lot of anime I
don't necessarily hate the art style on
principle though okay that's fair that's
fair this this is a fine game so
whatever the reason we hear an echo is
because those headphones are plugged in
by the way so you can unplug those
headphones and know where the fucking
plugged and you know what let's not
because um that might cause the whole
stream huh all right so not do that
right now but Jack my biscuit interview
is a treat Oh glad you liked that I'm
glad you liked it
I'm just saying what that is has granted
you access to deluxe twitch dashboard
what I don't know what that is I don't
know yeah yeah the I was on a podcast I
was on a cat centric podcast they
interview people of varying degrees of
fame who have cats and I said I would
love to come on and talk about biscuit
for an hour and I did and it was a fine
conversation just talking about cats
no spam it that was spammy nonsense
don't accept that I don't know what that
is you all got hacked yeah that seemed
like that seemed like a hack cuz I
didn't I didn't do anything
go back and see what that was
anyway I'm so it's up
me and the cat podcast the / cast is
what it was called by the way
hmm
anyway that was fun that was the good
fun see like all of that so far that was
tutorial didn't that seem to take you
like an hour yeah that's so much that's
just so much and it's not done yet
so much you did escape huh you could hit
this game because you know how to do all
this yeah there you go
yep who cares we know all the yapping at
all this stuff oh my god there's more
its skippable once you know what you do
yeah your second playthrough it's fine
okay bye dick gently
didn't you guys just play a shout tuning
game yes we played moonlighter which
isn't really a shopped ending game
strangely enough haha right
god dammit man now Justin the third
since Jack I got a bone to pick with you
a few streams back you said John Cena
would stand a good chance if not beat
Shaq I just want to tell you Shaq would
literally murder Cena in a fight he has
trip strength fuck do you know you seen
them fight he never buys anything that
little girl was so annoying oh god yeah
oh she bought the Hat
she about to happen oh we had a 12%
fucking markup yeah that's something
bitch oh I went with John Cena fucking
bitch that little bitch she ain't got no
coin man I went with John Cena not only
because he's big and strong but also he
has some sort of fight training even if
it's fight choreography fake fight
training even if it's fight choreography
it is more fight training than Shaq has
he's gonna he's gonna try and do
something stupid and then when Shaq's
not gonna cooperate with him he's gonna
get confused and then he's just gonna
give fucking leveled by Shaq I still
give it to see why are you jumping up so
I could pick you up for the power washer
I'm bettin Cena knows how to throw a
punch
chef's yes Cena knows how to deliver a
punch specifically with no force behind
it because that's how he's been trained
and that's gonna be hard to unlearn in
the middle of a real fight
maybe his wrestling training is gonna be
a fucking detriment
that's possibility but I'd still put
money on Cena now that we're talking
about in their prime right yeah yeah go
up
how old is Shaq I mean he looks like
he's 60
he looks old I have no idea how old's
Jackie's I'll be honest with you I have
no idea how I'll check is chattin maybe
you'd be like okay here's what I'm gonna
guess without looking at yet I'm gonna
guess that Shaq is 55 no 51 we're very
wrong what is he 46 or Shaq is 46 years
old not by that much the grand scheme of
things it's fine old athletes bodies
fall apart faster I believe it and how
old's John Cena's jet so Shaq is 46
how old's John Cena this is the
important question thirty
6.now always older than that according
to chat Cena is 41 while Jack is a Shaq
is 46 Wow all right yeah no okay yeah
yes Shaq's taking it Shaq is definitely
taking I was shaking it that man that
man looks old but if we're assuming both
are in their prime
oh no there's something there for five
years age difference yeah shake is
owning Cena even now oh come on come on
Shaq probably has crippling arthritis in
every joint how how much of a size
advantage does Shaq have size and reach
probably a significant okay I would
assume Shaq at least has this counts for
a lot
Oh yo no and I mean just wait I bet like
he's good he's got a lot more weight
than than Cena I know I know you saw
John Cena beat up Brock Lesnar it's much
bigger I have my believes I know you've
seen that I don't know who brought it
that doesn't that didn't count
I don't know who Brock Lesnar Shaq is
seven foot seven inches
Cena is six feet oh my god
Shaq has more than odd four tunnels yeah
Shaq's winning
I don't know about this
oh no sorry his Reach is seven foot
seven inches he is only 7.1 feet tall I
mean still he still has a foot on Cena
but no I'm no longer a foot and a half
but a seven foot seven inch wingspan oh
and as a general rule you can't trust
like weight and measurement when it
comes through wrestlers because it's you
know because it's a theater that should
that shit usually gets exact exaggerated
sure yeah but I mean no matter what Cena
is shorter than Shaq and has less of a
reach than Shaq but I'm guessing I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go out on a limb here
rich and say that Cena's bit faster he's
a bit leader even even inch even check
in his prime scene is a bit leaner so
what you're saying is Cena can run away
from Shaq efficiently see Cena can get
in there and do some damage
this is classic David versus Goliath get
in there get some get some gut punches
in I think I think
yeah what do we got here we got a pro
Austin see says two games in an episode
you say interesting well you know
they're very you know their games with
two incredibly similar premises and I
think it started like you like you said
rich is I yeah you brought up the skin
they don't play this game but a item
shop exactly item you can go into
dungeon
Oh rocket ear and you looked at me like
what no more lighter and you're like aha
there's two of them you seen and yeah
and you know in each of them in in
either of them there's not an individual
episode there's not a full episode and
talking about moonlighter
and there's not a full episode in
talking about Rocketeer but a plus this
game is 11 years old right but together
there's enough to compare and contrast
yeah once you get past the the dialogue
heavy opening yes
and as for the other part of your tip
they they they are all invited everyone
is invited every week anonymous says
have you seen the Creed 2 trailer and if
not would you mind taking a break to
watch it tonight I I didn't know there
was a trailer already I'm excited I we
probably won't take time to watch it
tonight but I will watch it Googlers not
making Creed 2 right who's making Creed
- you don't know rich what do I like
more Star Wars or anime Farscape - who's
in creed - who's directing what
Dolph Lundgren Steve Kapil jr. is
directing at Creed too by the way I
don't know who that is
hmm well I'm excited about Creed - Creed
was great different director though yeah
but you know Dolph Lundgren's in it so
it's got to be a little good right in
which Creed - Dolph Lundgren's in Creed
- I believe the premise I've heard is
now Creed jr. is gonna fight
oh of course Dolph Lundgren was the
Russian guy was uh yeah I completely
forgot that oh okay cuz at the time I
saw rocky for he wasn't Dolph Lundgren
yet he was just that guy who was the
Russian in the big the big Russian right
so I believe the premise of Crete - is
Creed jr. fights
Drago jr. that's that's a little bit as
a little bit schlock yep but I would
argue that every Rocky movies a little
bit sure well they could be going the
rocky formula the first one was the
serious movie and then it's just pure
schlock from here on out yep very very
possible then he was he man that he was
he man the the man was the motherfucking
Punisher he was he was Dolph Lundgren
yeah yeah it's great
rocky for wish well I mean a lot listen
rocky to was when they started it was
when they started that whole slippery
slope thing then you got mr. t then you
got Ivan Drago then you got the the
street fighter it's it's all crazy
it's all crazy right off the bat I got
hit by the rockslide
that's just that's just fantastic you
know something I forgot to mention well
you know we talked a lot about the
dungeon crawling I forgot to mention the
random fish that's a weird one I'll have
to cut to the random fish attacking you
stallone co-wrote the screenplay for
creed 2 says the chat interesting as I'm
a big fan of Creedence
Sloan's kind of invested in the whole
rocky thing mm-hmm yeah that's fine
we'll see we'll see what happens
I give I'll give I'll give a lot of a
lot of props to Crete I think they did a
really good job with it
that being said hey anyone could you can
make that turn you could make that
that's Locke turn wait this is a
shopping game early in the game they
really want you to here's the deal I
need things to sell in my shop yeah so
you hire an adventure room
to go down into the dungeons with you
where you collect a bunch of shed that
you can sell for 100% profit which is
very honest eventually once you have
enough capital to work with you can
forego that yeah and then just start
traditional business buying low selling
high with with stuff in shops yeah and
that's you know that's really the way to
go that's really that's really where the
money is
isn't this basically like moonlighter
well this is a far more depth full
version of moonlighter which honestly
shallow as fuck and really the question
is isn't moonlighter like this as this
game is 10 years old yeah
which again is why we did an episode
about both of them because they are
shockingly similar games
it's it is it's just laughing Helldivers
and in stardew valley you grow your farm
and Rocketeer you grow your business yep
yeah so if we're using a stardew valley
comparison that might be more akin to
moonlighter as there's no real yeah
there's no real there's absolutely
nothing pressuring you to do anything a
moonlighter yeah so unlike here where
you you've you've got to make payments
oh yeah you got you got rent that is due
and ain't fuckin around with that rent
no music in the dungeon either there
should be I don't know oh that's right
then one of the weird things about this
the menu button was l1 the menu button
is l1 he's gone yeah music sound this
dungeon doesn't have music but you know
what it's okay not hearing the music
because it's a constant five-second loop
of a really annoying shit man that was
right out of a comic book
damn you dog man your dastardly doggy
deeds they've come to an end I hate the
fire punch once once the throw the rock
you can block you can block the rocks
yeah
if you with this with this character oh
that's right he has but it's a it has
like a cool done you only get like one
block no that's not true that's not true
no keep loca just not the fire punches
right
but I'm pretty sure his shield blocks
any projectiles except for those lines
well that's that's something that falls
on your head that's an environmental
more rocks look this is just not a good
this is not a good area of the dungeons
to show off a shield blocking stones you
brought up the shield blockers oh I'm
saying I kinda want to see the shield
block well III do freely admit the
moonlighter has better dungeon-crawling
lloyd beats Lloyd beats says now when
you say we did an episode about both
these games what do you mean I don't see
a prereq upset about these games we
literally right before we started
streaming filmed our episode on both of
these games it would be the next prereq
episode which will be out I don't know
sometimes that's what I meant to say we
did technically we did film an episode
the episode is just not out yet as it's
still in my memory cards in my camera
bag downstairs I will work on editing it
over the weekend well today is just
Wednesday right yeah I might get it done
by like a like by the end of the weekend
could be we'll see good luck we'll see
we'll see how crazy things get I might I
might do something really stupid this
weekend rich yeah I couldn't think of
something funny at the same time so just
what I was I know I heard I heard the
breath I heard you ready and I was like
oh nothing nothing came soon enough as
you know I have a slight t-shirt
obsession yeah it is very important oh I
saw it oh you can just keep blocking
yeah well shit learn something new every
day that's fine you know it's very
important to me what longsword we
mustn't relog sword nice Oh
put that shit it's gonna get you right
through this dungeon so I have a slight
t-shirt obsession it's very important to
me that I have new cool t-shirts to wear
in every episode of prereq and and best
of the worst that I mean that's that's
become a little bit of my thing so I'm
always on the lookout for new t-shirts
right right and there there is one there
is a few like email mailing lists of
good t-shirt companies that I like I I
keep I I let them send me emails all the
time you know so so I know when the cool
t-shirts are on one of those companies
is called meaty like Yeti like Yeti but
I think they actually just call
themselves yummy oh is that it yeah okay
well Yeti Yeti is having a warehouse
sale over the weekend and they have a
lot of really cool t-shirts but you
actually have to go to their warehouse
which is down in Aurora Illinois you
know the grand scheme of things it's not
the worst well it's not the worst but so
that you know the question is do I you
know it'll take me about two and a half
hours to drive there yeah then you know
you obviously do a little bit of
shopping and then another two and a half
hours to drive back and so like the
question is is do I want to spend like
six possibly seven hours out of my day
just to get really cheap cool t-shirts
yeah and the answer might be yes and so
basically what I'm saying is the episode
might be late because I'm shopping for
t-shirts I don't think there's any
massive rush on this oh no racketeer is
10 11 years old oh you know there's some
it's just a personal thing where it's
like I do like to get them those good
rare drop what antivenom which is like
$500 oh yeah yeah yeah I get rid of some
that slime fluid the only one you need
is a slime liver but I think only that
boss slime dropped
I'm gonna need it for anything either
well you get the magic guy to join your
team yeah uh I don't know adventurers
pokemons strategy you just take the one
and you focus on leveling the one up mmm
yeah you don't read a full team no no
just for fun for fun you it's just for
fun yeah well and he's very interesting
the magic eye is really interesting
because he has a ton of SP and all of
his attacks are ranged yeah his physical
attack when you're out of SP you're
fucked you can say I want to use that
that's it's just interesting just a
different way to plant ET Yeti gives
thousands every year to games done quick
you should do what you can to support
them well there we go then then I'm
that's probably gonna happen so so far
what the schedule is clear to me for me
to take a long excursion to go buy
t-shirt I don't do you ever shop from
Threadless it's great t-shirt I don't
know I think I used to shop at
Threadless I there there's a couple of
places that I really like t-shirts I
think this this one that I'm wearing
today you guys will see it in the next
video is my FTL t-shirt that's from
fangamer comm they have but it's really
nice and it's soft it's a soft t-shirt
which is why it's important can't skip
this dialogue - yeah skip it all man
skip it all but uh Yeti has really nice
high quality t-shirts and like part of
their part of their warehouse sale is
you like normally a one t-shirt of
theirs is like 20 bucks but they're
having a sale where you spend 20 bucks
to buy a tote bag and then you can fill
up the tote bag with all the t-shirts
you want that's yeah oh that's so
fucking worth it but like is that worth
seven hours
it might be so it's 700 like total total
cuz like two and a half to get down
drown out all right well if I want to
skip tolls and I do oh I could probably
get there in like an hour and a half two
hours but then I gotta go through all
those fucking toll booths or I can go
through Beloit and skip all the toll
booths yeah and then it just takes a
little bit longer toll booths are pain
in my ass but uh murders closed but it
might be worth it is all I'm saying
might be worth it
wait am i up Oh nobody buys bows
hundreds of dollars worth of teachers
for 20 that's the thing I could get like
$100 worth of t-shirts for $20 yeah I
could get a nice audio book for the
drive you're gonna you're gonna offset
your savings would get with gas no I'm
gonna come out you're gonna save nothing
no I got I've received nothing on this
expedition I have a relatively
eco-friendly vehicle t-shirts ARF I
could get shirts for my kids while I'm
there cuz they're all on sale I'll take
the kids it'll be a Oh that'll be nice
please so like that I'll take the boys
with me get him out of her hair for a
little glad you love your children sir I
love my children rich but children are a
pain in the ass you know it's pretty
good
yeah I'm glad I played this with the
sign down yeah it's that's one kind of
horrible that is horrible
yes say I have a habit of playing games
yeah with the sound really low and then
I listen to something else something
else yeah documentary or a show or you
know sure sure something yeah no that's
the smart way to do it I like i I can't
divide my attention that way if I'm
playing a video game I there's no way
I'd be able to ingest a dot the
information in a documentary you know so
i Lobsterfest we did play moonlighter we
did play moonlighter I'm gonna start
low-balling everybody just to build up
my reputation do it jack how much do the
tolls cost total is it really worth five
hours well wouldn't be worth five hours
but it is worth one hour the the extra
time to go through beloit would probably
be about an hour if I wasn't taking the
main highway down to Aurora
so the tolls going down to Aurora would
probably be close to 12 dollars one way
okay I'm not I'm not sure - Aurora I
can't tell you about the ride it would
be it would be some sort of like that'd
be a total of 24 dollars there and back
and if I take the long way there's zero
tolls and it only adds an extra hour
onto the drive so I think an hour is
worth $24 yes so
24 hours 24 hours round trip but I'm
burning for extra gallons of gas to save
it Jack I could have skipped a lot of
things early on I just didn't know I
could oh I could have skipped stuff and
I didn't I did not know I could you
could skit like what that tutorial for
people selling you items but you don't
want us you don't want to skip anything
because it's valuable in for me first
time right but for the same stream oh
absolute I should have skipped all that
shit early on I didn't I didn't know I
could I didn't know I could now you're
doing it yeah you're doing it oh don't
wait so next time you haven't talked to
tear I want to see this hole or when
someone gave it when someone gives you a
I have to get to the point where I could
take orders I'm not I'm not quite there
yet but they forgot what level that's at
right I think I think I'm right about
this not being a great stream game
though yeah yeah I know we're talking
about other shit I'll talk about other
shit and then we'll switch it up and I'm
like an hour
exactly hey you know what like um like
um like Apple Jacks man we eat what we
like you know these these square parents
they just don't understand or they we
what we like damn rabbit he never gets
any tricks fuck him well he keeps trying
to steal him because he can't he can't
get any any other way he just the rabbit
just want some fucking cereal yeah but
he is a rabbit if he eats cereal it will
literally kill him he needs to eat only
vegetables cereal will murder him and
they're trying to save the rabbit better
than those kids who keep on fucking
taking the Lucky Charms like the kids
are stealing in that one from from lucky
damned ingrates
what platform is this came on rich this
is on steam right now this version is on
GOG for legal weird legal reasons yes
not available on GOG anymore oh it's
like they jus G relocated to Poland mr.
Baine they couldn't because that
something legal happened oh and take
rekha tear off of gog so you can only
get an unstable interest yeah
interesting but for a while apparently
it was yeah yeah I bought it on Steam
but that's interesting we've had for a
while somebody told me you need I was
tired we talked years ago we talked
about an item shop game wouldn't it be
neat and somebody said they already did
it it was called rekha tear oh okay and
you got it on the I got it then never
really got around to playing it right
oh I thought it was called what a racket
no that's what a racket is the name of
the stream and the game is called
racketeer racketeer so I called the
stream what a racket get it and you get
yeah I'm not it's not always the best
excuse me if you heard that that's gross
that was gross let's see here Annan says
guys I'm in my 30s and I've discovered I
have a superpower apparently no matter
how few people are in the theater when I
go see movies the incessant talkers are
compiled - sir are compelled to sit
directly next to me that's shitty one
how do you handle these situations get
an usher well first ask them politely to
be quiet
they probably won't they'll probably get
angry at you for asking them to be dn't
it not be rude III think the the the the
general what do you call it the social
code is first ask like oh hey excuse me
could you be quiet I'm trying to watch a
movie number one if they give you two or
if they start talking go get an usher
that's why the issues are that hey Timon
I asked for things I don't have I agree
it's the great thing about Judy if he'd
bought it on Steam and that had happened
your copy would have been gone forever
no no if like even if rich didn't have
because I I can only assume you didn't
have this downloaded I why is a habit
with most things I get on GOG I did I
think I do have it downloaded somewhere
in any case GOG galaxy still did write
download it when I tried to install it
here or so exactly yeah it's they just
can't sell any more copies rich still
has access yeah I still have access to
it from their server so right but I
wouldn't like I said it wouldn't matter
either way I've got a backup copy
somewhere home ok cuz you're a horrible
game hole I'm a gamer
I'm a game prepper somebody called
that's right I like I like that III was
a great way to put it I asked an old man
to be quiet and then he was
confrontation works people you got to do
the cringy yeah it's it's not quite like
it's only cringy because apparently you
know some people are so afraid of social
interaction that literally like just
talking to other people is cringy to
them but i think sometimes people just
are so in their own world they're not
considering other folks around them and
so if you make them consider you a lot
of times you'll get what you want
and that's an okay thing spending all
your cash I'll goes back into the store
spend money to make money rich success
the name of this game yes yes public
shaming is a dying art form you know I
think we can bring it back I think we
can bring back public option public
shame yeah you want to bring back I
think we I think we're ready
rich there can be no possible downside
to bringing back public shaming right
you got to bring back shunning 200 yeah
yeah maybe we could we could devise some
sort of system to to you know to label
people the people we should be shunning
right no possible way that could
backfire terrible yeah exactly this
morning we're gonna solve some more
stuff do it
sell it I've gone back into the dungeon
yeah get that shit no you got a nice
selection you got some weapons you got
some clothes
you did do you have any treasure I don't
have any treasure god dammit wait what
about the charm no that won't work as a
tremor this is specific category for
treasure right right sometimes there's a
little crossover maybe I should have
tried yeah can we bring back the lottery
I mean that lottery is everyone still
required to read that short story it'll
hurt okay that means her customer
respect level is going up yeah you can
now spend more money nice nice rich
there any bosses in this game yes yeah
in in the dungeons the the one dungeon
you saw so far was the entry level
dungeon and our adventurer needed to
complete that in order to get his what
do they call it a old car I had to get
the collector's card so I got illegally
hire him in the future but he didn't
have a card he needed to go through the
initial dungeon
didn't have any money to do that yeah
exactly they did a thing they did a
thing his guild card but now you can go
into the real dungeons I never made it
I never went any further than the third
boss is there more dungeons there's just
like five total oh yeah I I very quickly
stopped going to the dungeons because I
found more profit oh shit they're closed
today you know they're closed you can
only go there first thing in the morning
that first thing I thought you could
only go there to closed on on Sundays oh
and then you need to like to de pie
slices yeah to go to the dungeon yes
okay so you can't go in like the evening
gotcha but this like morning and early
this yeah whenever fuck that was as a
waste of a trip outside time I'm this is
waste this whole trip is now wasting
time cuz I can't go to the dungeon today
yeah well wait couldn't you've gone back
to your store and not have to take any
time no if you leave and come back that
takes time
oh shit yeah shit man I'm sorry I'm
sorry rich that's all right yeah Jesus
says a love dungeon a treasures there's
there's a whole there's a whole fun side
quest with your magician guy where they
basically spend the entire side quest
crapping on religious zealots I don't
think I found that particular one well
that's that's part of his story
did you ever unlock him I got his card I
don't do did you did you read him back
and forth or was there more than that
one conversation I think after you get
his card or maybe that is during the
card one where he's talking about like
all the magical items in there okay I
got that that the religious organisms
like more the way you put it I thought
there was more to it oh no no that's the
one where the he the religious
organization is banning magical items so
they've dumped him all in the dungeons
but those zealots don't know what
they're getting rid of there they're
taking education away from the people I
we'll fight with you to get those
magical relics is great there there is a
lot of cute things in this game any
steam sale games you're looking forward
to what's on sale on Steam I have no
idea right listen we're making we're
finally making it through these ten year
old games I don't know you know yeah
this there's no rush
no no rush hang on that fucking long
sword saying I can give I can give some
of this stuff yeah to the adventure I go
to the dungeons with but it takes up
inventory space of stuff I could bring
back there's a trade-off
yeah which which is a neat a really neat
idea the especially like if your
adventurer comes in and wants to buy
like a crap piece of equipment you just
make it too expensive like no no you
have good equipment now oh yeah because
if you sell the adventurer equipment
they keep that equipment then they don't
have to worry about taking it with you
taking of your inventory space when you
go to the dungeon because they'll just
own it it'll be his right so this
incentive to buy a good sword that's
expensive and sell it to the adventurer
you're gonna go out with cheap you know
come into your store asking for a weapon
and there's incentive not to sell him a
crappy weapon because you know he'll
equip it yeah big sale is tomorrow oh
well I know GOG just had their big sale
and I bought a lot then yeah oh yeah you
stocked up I did and all your on all
your steam regular good old good old gog
gog OG the gaming prepper headquarters
we'll just well it will ask for a tour
and and look at their vaults yeah show
us your backups is it go as this is the
fireproof heart its earthquake fireproof
the bulletproof we circulate in our own
filtered air this is not a good polish
accent but I don't know that's
absolutely I don't know what a polish
accent is so I'm doing kind of German
kind of Russian I just assumed you were
doing German for no good reason their
polish and I I don't know what a polish
accent sounds like so I'm sorry to any
fans from Poland who heard that and and
didn't much care for it we should be
horribly horribly but they should be and
I'm offended at myself for doing it my
god I played this with the sounds I did
you are right you are right I didn't
notice because I played almost the whole
game with the sounds down it's horrible
and that loop gets stuck in your head
yeah I know and the voices and the sound
effects they recycle them all it's it's
all terrible like I said the the barrier
to entry in this game is quite high a
lot a lot of tutorials up front the the
a lot of sound is missing the the whole
menu system is is terrible to navigate
but there is some good in there I think
there is some good hi Gregory there's
some good in there I you know you need
to find a way to marry this with
moonlighter yes because this does a lot
of things that moonlighter doesn't even
fucking bother to do because
moonlighters lazy this is casual alright
is laid laid back is what it is just
mute the sound and put on some do music
that would make this a very different
feel to the game if just the doom
soundtrack was playing in the background
well you know what it depends upon what
you want yeah moonlighter really
neglects the shop managing aspect of the
game in a lot of ways yes I I think I
think so ya know and I mean I can agree
with you a certain point it's it's a
it's a different way to manage the shop
it's a it's a more hands-off way to
manage a shop absolutely but the
dungeons in moonlighter and the combat
is very good oh don't forget to equip
your swords it should have Ottawa equip
the bag items power
oh okay great yeah they're cool cool I
want there to be a game where you just
sell and buy things I'm sure there's a
million games like that but I think most
of them are like that frog fractions
like just text game blue lighter
should've just been called weapon
grinder well I like the just the very
name of moonlighter makes you think that
there is going to be some sort of push
and pull between dungeon and selling
yeah and there isn't no there is there's
no incentive to do one more than the
other so
but yes there are there are ways there
are things that moonlighter does a
little bit better than their whole their
whole backpack management system when
dungeon-crawling is super fun and
interesting and neat and of course you
know just the dungeon experience in
moonlighter is in real time their
monster design their their combat
everything a moonlighter dungeon wise is
better blood if you're looking to manage
a shop you might be a bit disappointed
oh don't see those often yeah let's go
for it guys that'll get you some coin I
mean I don't even remember what the fuck
those go for you can look it up in your
thing but a decent amount get it you
leveled up a bit so somebody in Japan a
mind Python fan wipe those rabid enemies
that's totally what that is right that's
that's got to be a reference it's a
Monty Python in the Holy Grail though I
have no idea it might just be a Jap hand
fan how does the ingredient system work
well no ingredients are just a thing you
can sell and then you can forge them to
make better items actually never got
around to playing with that too much
yeah yeah there it's it's really just
another thing to sell and when they are
a question mark like that it just means
you don't know what it is yeah
it's a ragnarok online reference and
people instead of saying the rabbit
thing is just to Japan really yeah yeah
does rich just not care to chain or is
he unaware how to chain chain which also
maybe I'm unaware of how to chain that's
one chain what is that what does it mean
you talking about like in the shop
giving good bargains consistently no no
I see you like it said to change I mean
I I saw that all the time I have no idea
what that means one chain two chain
three chain no tipping is working
tonight we're getting the tips I don't
know what that means so two Kings at
some point I stopped worrying about the
dungeons too much so if you keep killing
oh this is interesting
rich yeah if you keep killing the same
enemies in a row you get better leave oh
I didn't I did not know that and enemies
do respawn and so if you just like keep
killing the blue goo enemies you might
get better loot
I actually did not know that I didn't
know that either and to be fair I don't
think there's anywhere in the game where
they talk about that nope
the game is a little obtuse in that
manner and yet and yet you complain
about the early tutorials
yeah fair yes I do then but we need the
tutorials are we don't know no UK I want
to know I wanted a witness no you can
give that information in a better way
okay you okay you don't need elongated
tutorials that are wrapped around
conversations between annoying anime
girls you can give your information in
better ways
yeah I didn't even know that well we'll
experiment without the next war that's a
good idea
cuz I want to move on do it do it move
on green slimes we're only killing the
green slimes thank you our Miller we
appreciate it
see what we got oh so you're going
you're going after what slimes green
green slime so all the green slimes Oh
actually that'd be really good did you
play it all with the ninja down here in
the dungeons the ninja the ninja the
thief girl the thief girl you know the
the thief girl has the ability to sprint
Oh green slime I used her once
oh shit and she was so underleveled yeah
I just stopped using her with her she
has the ability to sprint if you tap a
direction twice really quick so that's
nice she would be really good for that
for these chains
you know you sprint around run away from
enemies hand got two knots you know you
don't really know let's see here great
artist Neal Breen says u-2 spy plane was
secret for years do you think there are
secret spacecraft of the military has
that will be used for the new space
force space for sounds cool but I think
you could spend your money on something
better yeah yeah I don't know there are
many secret military
spaceships probably many prototype
aerial planes
yeah yeah maybe something that can go
extremely high altitude you know yeah
and I'm sure there's a lot better things
to spend money on than a space force but
I'm also sure that might have distracted
some people
humberto Cabbage Patch says I saw
Incredibles 2 last night oh I didn't
even know that was out yet oh yeah yeah
well shit gotta go check it's good no oh
great ok Humberto cabot ret degrees it
was fantastic however it killed the
theater coming experience for me people
clapping and cheering like the fucking
nerd crew who say that people have fun
in the theater as long as they're not
talking it could be I didn't my theater
didn't have that much cheering I'm not
like obnoxiously sure people laughing at
the moment square you know appropriate
but right as a boss it's a boss what do
you want me to do not get hit by it shit
oh wait you have grapes grapes might
heal you just press the wait oh you can
know for sure if you press the X button
over it it gives you a bunch of detailed
information you hit him a couple of
times you back away hit him a couple
times and back away and then kill the
the little slime so he doesn't read it
you might want to eat an apple
now back up back up I know last time I
thought one of those things iconically
over level sure sure I got used to
tanking it yeah yeah I'm with you
Oh critical you did it well I'm excited
to see Incredibles 2 I for some reason I
had at my head that that was out later
this summer I I don't much Sears another
thing moonlighter doesn't have this kind
of tough decision making go on you know
and just get better loot from my trip
but I have to make it and survive the
next five floors and you don't have any
healing items I'll probably find
something I didn't bring anything with
me here I had to for this fight just
saying as of right now you you what you
have oh fucking jack rich is going for
it what like they're going for it I like
it
gotta have some moxie yeah
you're Maxie's crushing you at the
moment gotta have some moxie you know to
put on your tombstone where are you
going I'm trying to Shane together those
other enemies Oh what are you tainting
those tentacle monsters Oh wish now that
I'm now that I'm looking for them I
can't find a single fucking one right
I'm really getting fucked well I there
seems to be a lot of mushrooms maybe you
could go on a mushroom hunt all right
they're not I've ever seen one of them
drop loot mushrooms
yeah they dropped the useless mushrooms
yeah you did it you did it let's see
here uh Pro Austin see says you guys
have said before that there is a price
for pretty much everything and I agree I
mean that's there is a price for
everything pretty much that's absolutely
true
like I um there's that there's that old
saying that's like you know you can't
just throw money at your problems I
think whoever said that didn't have
enough money what your problem is I
think I think with any problem we've
actually we talked about this earlier
with any problem with enough time and/or
money you can solve that problem I just
don't know that I agree except of course
with the heat death of the universe I
suppose what problem could like not a
lot you know having a lot of money not
solve like guaranteed solve
stage-three cancer i with with a lot of
money that would buy you significantly
more time with the best medical care
available i'm at any price I was gonna
say AIDS but I think Magic Johnson has
proved otherwise
exactly I think even even with even with
a life-threatening disease you have a
far better shot if you are a rich person
than if you are not buy a little more
time obviously it still it still gets
him still gets you I was in you know
like just thinking of like you know
billionaire Steve Jobs brain cancer yeah
but you know reports came out or
speculation I'm not sure if any of these
were confirmed special if speculation
came out that part of the thing that
that might have killed him was that when
he was first diagnosed he tried to go
homeopathic routes he tried to go
alternative medicine routes instead of
going straight to the chemo idiot
well he's you know he's yeah listen I
believe in blah blah why don't what now
right but still got you still got him
okay anyway we were we were at Pro
Austin sees there's a price for
burnished anything let's see here
how much cash would it take for each of
you to shut down prereq four dollars and
you may not create a similar gaming show
series afterwards there's a number of
course there's a number yeah
over or under ten thousand bucks per
person / yeah / of course there's a
number there's a number for everything
my friends saw sold maybe if I can
afford to buy a house
just shut the shut down shut down
everything shut down prereq forever yeah
how you get hiking it up mid do the
upkeep of that house other jobs yeah but
like a nice house an average a
reasonably average house okay alright
that's fair that's fair no I couldn't do
a DMV stream I couldn't do any similar
scream I could not create any similar
gaming show or series afterwards so that
includes I would think that it would
include a D&D; stream I could probably
start up just a general podcast yeah
well I just chat about things in general
but oh there's a there's a number in
there somewhere more important are you
are you offering yeah that was that was
what I was about to say that was the
more important question is you know how
much money do you have and what are you
offering two hundred and fifty two
hundred fifty thousand dollars I'll stop
the stream right now
how yeah I mean that's a good price it's
a good I'd be a good price that's a good
price I think it's a fair price two
hundred and fifty thousand for each yeah
I'm fucking around playing the
negotiation game yeah yeah two hundred
and fifty thousand each yes of course
yeah that's not a bad price that's not a
bad price so get up get on it internet
in bits or PayPal
whichever man would you ever
Oh Craig nation says I've been reading
rain Wilson's book the bassoon King and
at one point he talks about taking a
clowning class taught by gates mcfadden
what this blew my mind and the clowning
/ Star Trek connection made me think of
you guys anyway keep on doing what
you're doing
Rainn Wilson taking clowning classes
Venice gives our fan concept you know
there's there's a lot of mime work
involved in clowning it's still bizarre
yeah oh sure that gates mcfadden not
only knows clowning but knows it well
enough to teach it it's bizarre there
you go it is
I'll have to compare notes with gates oh
no I'm out of practice and I might my
guess is gates Gates is out of practice
too
I bet I've been out of the game too long
not a clone game yeah you got your back
in the saddle jack it's a young man's
game
huh he's these kids today man these kids
today they know what's going on it's
like riding a bike I'm sure I'd pick up
on a few of the things really and really
depending on the gig most of the job
just involves you know putting on the
makeup and outfit and waving at people
like that's it that's most of the job no
matter where you are some light juggling
a trick here or there that's it
actually hold on to the wall nut bread
Jack oh yeah what's it worth or just for
the HP the HP yeah I need a
you need that charred lizard it's $500
shirt looks charged with charred lizard
yeah leave well and if you want that
magician guy to be on your team you need
a charred lizard you need that chart you
can wait I need money god damn it it's a
fucking business it's true not a
magician friendship simulator Jack well
you only have a couple more days how
much money do you need in a couple more
days oh no you need ten thousand let's
see here bared tone this is hi rich hi
jack rich I also enjoy playing games
while listening to other things such as
your stream or old stream videos don't
worry don't worry jack rich and I are
just the next evolution of humanity Wow
pat yourself on the back there are yeah
yeah that's a bit of a leap it's a bit
of a stretch but hey that's fine that's
fine yeah no no like I said I just don't
know if I I don't know if I would be
able to just retain information I I
think it's a good idea sometimes just to
not listen to the horrible music and
sounds but you know put on some music or
something I don't know if I could listen
to like an audiobook no no you know what
I know no I can't because I tried during
I came during a stardew valley you know
there's not a lot of audio needed in
stardew valley and so i listened to an
entire audiobook while playing stardew
valley and didn't remember a damn thing
about it just a damn thing about the
book I I don't I need I need focus to
retain information
I sure listen to the whole thing but I
don't remember a damn thing about it
a little bit careful what the heck is
that squeaking that's the anime the
anime is squeaking the anime squeaky
yeah and it's annoying I I really did
play this with the sound turned down
though yeah isn't it awful yeah it's
just yeah
turbo Jesus 5000 says what would you
guys consider the worst possible use of
one's money
well other than donating to twitch
streamers gambling not have done
responsibly
you got a fun gambling if you don't go
nuts if you go in with the mindset that
I'm okay with losing this amount of
money that's what I'm going to spend
them they have a fun time that I'm okay
with losing this and it that's all you
gamble it's fine
I think I think if all if all you're
going in as expecting is entertainment I
think there are far better ways to spend
that and containment buck goes right you
can come out with more if it goes right
that's what that's a year you're going
down the dark path already rich oh yeah
but like I said if you don't spend more
than that pre-arranged amount it's fine
have some fucking self-control ah you
know what like you know let's let's say
like you know you're going with a
hundred bucks right you say yeah you
know what I'm just gonna go until this
hundred bucks goes down and you go to
like a find a slot machine or a card
table or roulette or whatever and that
lasts you like I don't know an hour yeah
you know what I just lost one hundred
and had pretty fun hour I can only
imagine that hundred dollars would get
you a fun hour
somewhere else all right all right a
life experience some books some go see a
movie a nice movie with the family I've
had fun just hanging out at the roulette
table
bed bed no tiny bits here and there oh
sure like I'm exciting you know I've had
fun I think I've won stuff that's it's a
gamble um you know I just think it's
it's one of those situations where I I
try not to do it as much as possible
because if you're if you're ever down
money it is it's just it's a senseless
waste David II know people says but you
can make all that money perhaps you can
just make a package yeah guys stay for
another hour
I gotta put in another hundred then I
can get that original on her back that's
what I can do let's see then you have a
problem I don't do that you don't have
to do that oh I don't I know have some
goddamn self-control none rich none
whatsoever
I was trying to learn last time I was at
a casino yeah I was kind of I was I was
there during a bit of a dead time and
you know found a sitter for the kids and
me and Lisa and my mom went to hang out
at a casino for bait so you know the
trick for him basically basically so
this guy's he's an interesting enemy he
he eats the mushrooms to regain health
but the red ones regain him health were
the purple ones make him pass out so you
gotta kill the red mushrooms wait till
he eats a Poipu mushroom and then smack
him while he's down yeah
he's an interest there's not the worst
enemies I mean the designs a little
miffed look at him just a big dumb rat
with a big dumb crowbar but there's
something there's some thing about it
anyway I was a last time I was at a
casino I was I was really trying hard to
learn craps because apparently craps is
one of those games where it has the best
odds out of anything in a casino I am
yeah it is a really difficult game to
learn though like a lot of different on
that one table there's like three
different ways to play the game each
with its own different rules what do we
keep going fuck man fuck man start to
get risky starting to get race time to
get risk it got risky and our goal as
you go what's this riches playing enemy
yeah when I start watching anime you can
complain I've no no desire to watch a
wreck and tear anime yeah that would be
that would be all the Annoying bits with
none of the game bits right right we're
going to the bottom oh my none not the
the express freight train elevator to
the bottom of the dungeon you see oh
honey I got honey Jack so toast oh my
god but now look at the racks we got a
bad what a batwing oh this is good shit
oh this is good shit oh man
I'm sorry you're doing great future
future J says hey guys did you hear that
Disney has put the Star Wars spin-off
movies on hold what do you think of that
I know you're rich who's your favorite
Farscape character after Crichton that's
a clever son of a bitch you like that
yeah you know he got he got he
understood the pattern yeah and he tried
to exploit it that's great yeah yeah
great rich they're learning the clever
girl
John John Crichton was my favorite
character does not work as well without
Aeryn Sun and she they they make for
such a great fucking pair she's the the
badass yeah fighter lady yeah okay
those two compliment those two
characters complement each other
perfectly
your Cyclops and Wolverine sure if you
will sure if they were in love yes you
know it depends on what book you read
I'm sure someone someone's drawn that
picture
as for the Star Wars thing if that is
true they just had a you know pretty
disappointing box office mate they might
have to retool some things or maybe it
has to do with the the Fox merger which
is going through Disney is buying all
those all those Fox assets
I believe the purchase has gone through
okay so some maybe they're putting it on
hold while they assess their new money
situation I here's the answer I don't
give shit you know that yeah everyone
knows that that's true I'm not gonna
pretend otherwise great you did it
getting too much good loot is that a
problem only because I want to carry
some healing items with me to the boss
and those those aren't worth very much
mm-hmm so it's a risk versus reward type
scenario because once I die carrying all
this shit yeah I'm not going to be happy
about it right right I'm gonna be very
sad when this all goes south as it will
inevitably that ninja lady's pretty hard
she's she's a dude she's difficult to
beat she's fast but yeah you have some
healing items so you're gonna you know
right ho Jeeves says hey guys I recently
celebrated my one-year wedding
anniversary
being married is awesome what's your
secret to a successful long-term
relationship first of all
congratulations on the paper anniversary
one year is paper as they figure because
of the wedding they're both so poor you
can't afford anything better which is
very true which is just very true
happy paper anniversary the secret is
loving your partner I mean IIIi don't
know that I could say like oh I really
have to work at it well it's so I I
don't have a good I don't have a good
response for for someone as cynical as
you in love it's not it is a respect and
compatibility you speak what you need
listen to what they need until of
emotions cannot make make sure you're
honest with yourself about what you need
and that you listen to what they need
and work together it's a partnership
what is love tonight the part of rich
Evans will be played but honestly I'm
shocked by you I'm sorry my relationship
isn't a constant struggle that's about
to fall apart in a moment I'm sorry
oh no just that just the just the the
all you need is love angle it wasn't I
was I wasn't expecting I don't know what
else to tell you that's alright that's
fine that's fine
my favorite is the 17th anniversary
which is the furniture anniversary
that's some of them are really weird
Lisa died just trying to get you to push
pretty much we do try like we do like
and we do like vaguely attempts to keep
within the theme like you know we look
it up every year like okay what's this
year you know we're coming up on our
shit I wrote it down I'm super smart and
so we're at we're gonna be married for
for 12 years this year and so we'll look
it up you know like okay what is it you
know is this is the bronze yeah it's the
it's the leather anniversary and all
that stupid bullshit
night guys yep ah what the hell is that
crystal I have that guy's drop them I
haven't even seen one of those shit
I didn't see one of those in the whole
game oh I've sold dozens upon dozens but
I want to get room uh you're the next
cheapest thing that isn't food nice nice
that's a great one to get early on
that's great
this is a fantastic really dungeon run
yeah oh oh beef ball that's worth a
pretty penny might if you use it during
the fight but well then you can replace
one of your lesser food items either and
then either eat it or sell it smart 12th
anniversary is silk silk anniversary
okay that's easy that's easy enough it's
enclosed I'll get her a nice spider want
its diamond I can't believe they make
you buy another diamond buying diamonds
is lame you can get away with not buying
diamonds now though yeah yeah because
because you know you say you're you're
protesting the blood diamonds the you
know the diet the whole diamond craze is
just corporations you brilliant cheap
some yes no you can get it you can
easily get away with not buying diamonds
now diamonds are no longer a requirement
and you know who we have to thank for
that
Millennials well they get for something
they're good for somebody else they're
good for something
no in Dimond anniversary that's like
that's like your 50th my you know let's
let's hear that's golden anniversary
diamond something big what's funny fish
25th is silver okay
yeah diamonds are artificially rare done
so purposefully by the diamond industry
they basically just a De Beers company
right they artificially inflate the
prices they you know they use whore they
have horrible labor conditions to get
them out there you can actually that
you're gonna say them whores they have
whores
I'm sure cuz they're just those kind of
people I hear you know synthetic
diamonds are out there now nowadays but
still pretty expensive and more so a
modern trend is just no diamonds you can
get away with not using any diamonds
great this is a good dungeon run yeah
you you're getting you're getting hella
loot man you're going all the way all
the way to the end of the dungeon man
you're this is risky risky this is great
it's great until it isn't
Sh'ma yo ha says react uh cuz of rich
obsessively rewatching the doomed teaser
during your III stream
I started playing doom 2016 have you
guys watched the doom behind the music
presentation by Mick
Gordon no yeah I don't know that one
also aside from doom importance the guy
did the music oh so so just kind of like
uh what I was thinking when I made all
big do music cool us all so aside from
doom what other games do you think are
required play nothing is required doom
is just a really good game later the
fuck you want or don't play whatever the
fuck you don't want to play yeah I don't
know what's I mean there's a lot of
games I really like but I don't know if
anything I don't know if anything is
required play like I could say that
blood-borne is a required play but you
then you say well I'm not a big horror
personage the Old Republic right exactly
like there's there's a lot of games that
I really enjoyed
I think portal portal 1 is is a
masterpiece in a perfect game if I were
to make a list of games that everyone
should play that would be on my list but
I'm not saying you should play what I'm
saying and that's that's a game that I
would highly recommend to people play
because I think it's a perfect game I
think it's a more interesting question
okay go what games do you think are
overlooked what games do I think are
over overlooked and gone wrong so much
like maximum this is the under look
action platformer when it came out okay
sequels are fantastic sequels amazing so
well those signals is better it
way but nobody ever talks about or to
know another sequel that's perfect just
a perfect example of a sequel yeah so do
the Enders to which is actually getting
a PC release ooh
upcoming okay takes what what would what
there wasn't one what is very flawed and
it takes everything that worked and
makes it better and it adds up good shit
hmm okay two is the classic example of a
video game sequel that improves upon the
formula bockfest sticks box of sticks
hmm it's not good think about games I
think are underappreciated just because
you know the good you know the in in any
in any medium the good stuff generally
Rises yeah
generally speaking obviously yeah there
are there are outliers here and there
just trying to I'm just trying to go
through going through the back catalogue
no I agree that's a more interesting
question one that I don't necessarily
have an answer for unfortunately to me
one of the best game sequels is Paper
Mario the thousand-year door says konkey
89 the game was an improvement over the
first and almost everywhere you know
what
agreed those Paper Mario games are
fantastic they're they're really they're
an interesting take on the RPG genre on
the turn-based combat genre really fun
yeah I got good loot fuck it I sell
health I'm just going right to the boss
shit rich you're doing it I know I know
I'm probably gonna die and lose all of
my great loot if this were moonlighter
the the lazy game yeah I just hit the B
button to teleport home blow my stuff
yeah that's true you lose a little cash
but you get off all I there's a few
hundred parks yeah yeah
praxis I see your tip it's coming up I
did not miss it and we're just getting
through other stuff don't worry
praxis I see a cesium Mirror's Edge
didn't do as well as it should have
Mirror's Edge that that's a gamble of a
concept you're doing you're doing fast
platforming in a first-person point of
view not everyone's gonna be down with
that I get why Mirror's Edge is at the
level it's at that's a that's a tricky
thing to pull off
prophets prophets come here
you cut she just cost you 800 bucks
she cost you 800 pics I know but that
bitch but you still made it fucking
bitch
did you see how super aggressive I got
after I was pissed off I had to waste
two oranges yes that was 800 pics damn
he only lost to food that's to food I
get a sold in two days rich needs over
10,000 pics that's you know without
dollars dollars from convenience sync
your money didn't gain money a den
thousand game money you need ten
thousand dollars and so that was eight
hundred dollars that's you know that
ain't nothing yeah yeah yeah we're gonna
be friends now
yeah come by the shop I'll see you later
that was bottom floor here so oh yeah
and you get the vase yeah oh yeah that's
like 20,000 bucks yeah that thing's
great
I thing's great let it right that was
the bottom of this particular dungeon
that was the bottom yeah there's only
the first nonda toriel dungeon this
one's pretty easy grand scheme of things
and this is the only one I've ever done
yeah the only dungeon I've ever done
because really as you get on later in
the weeks you don't need to do the
dungeons at all
right Bell bell echoes we've says
honestly the dungeon is kind of a shit
way to make money I think I think in the
early game though it's incredibly useful
because it's just a way to get shit for
free I think the way I did it when if
you only do like the five floors need to
take the first exit you can yeah you
might not have loot good enough to make
it worth it if you do what I did where I
basically tackle the whole dungeon and
I'm constantly sorting through my lewd
what's what's the most expensive shit I
could take with me the whole way down
yeah I think it becomes worth it
oh yeah I mean I think it's even worth
it if you do one or two one or two
levels you know like you don't have to
do all three like you did even though if
you do all three you might get that
sweet-ass treasure vase which is awesome
oh yeah put the head in the window do it
David II know people says hey rich and
jerk you guys should play in jerk no
jerk
jo arcane oh you guys should play in
justice too now is the perfect time
because of the Incredibles - it just
came out what are some of your favorite
animated movies thanks and fuck my
Denny's hole The Incredibles up and why
leap those are three good ones those are
fun I'm fond of Little Mermaid fond of
Beauty and the Beast yeah
villains I put it Aladdin under Little
Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast
I kind of hate the Lion King I don't I
don't care much for Elton John's music
I'm sorry that's fair and I think
Simba's obnoxious and then he kind of
like changes personality midway through
off-camera and it's like not even the
same character for the second half of
the movies yeah I don't get I don't get
the Lion King you don't get it at all no
that's fair that's fair
rich would you fuck Ariel
where the fuck would you fuck a mermaid
I don't think people have thought this
through no cuz what she would do is she
would shoot out her eggs and I'd have to
you know masturbate over her and that's
how fish do it so it's not very intimate
it wouldn't work the way you would think
it would work
favorite animator ya know well Wally III
think Wally doesn't get enough love for
how great it is Wally is fantastic
doesn't it I I don't I think I think you
know everyone talks about up you know
being like top level Pixar but while
Wally is like the the first the first 20
minutes of wall-e no one speaks and is
just brilliant filmmaking yes yeah it's
amazing I could be making more money I'm
just trying to rank up you you you have
your money you're good you're you're
over 10 G and that's all you need to be
how long we were going on this game
Garin so what's her uptime a while we've
been going to wine on this game if this
clock is right somewhat up time us
please
people say that fixer movies like wall-e
and up should have won best picture but
then again it's the Academy we're
talking about here right they got all
weird when Beauty and the Beast got
nominated for an Oscar and suddenly
Hollywood didn't want animated films to
be led el eligible right and that's why
they made their own animated Oscar we're
getting that fuckit we can't risk that
happening again enough nothing our
serious our drank movies no none of your
drawings allowed mmmm basically it was
Hollywood bullshit yeah I agree
also bugs bugs is LA I wouldn't put that
out there in my favorite but I like bugs
or a bug's life
okay not not a bugs a bug's life is a
good movie yeah it's fine fine but I
felt like Pixar making a DreamWorks
movie that's what bugs felt like hmm
then another DreamWorks is really doing
animated films at the time but in
hindsight a bug's life feels like dream
work DreamWorks a DreamWorks movie
that's probably fair they were still
finding their stride is what they were
doing she was ants was ants DreamWorks
maybe ants was dream one the Woody Allen
ant movie yeah dream that was DreamWorks
apparently there's a lot of good
animated movies out there like we're
only talking you know relatively recent
ones ants looks like ass every CGI
animated movie then looked like ass
technology at the time man right tape
take a look at it take a look at Toy
Story and like oh god damn it did
somebody else buy that nice sword before
I had a chance to sell it to Lois oh
maybe ah motherfucker if I was alright
this is the guy that was down in the
dungeon with me yeah if I sold him my
nice sword I wouldn't have to bring it
with me to give him when we go in
dungeons he would just have it on him
and then I would have more inventory
space god that's obnoxious also Lois
you already have a worn sword why are
you buying another one get it together
man well he asked before a sword in
general and is the only one I have it's
the same one he already has you wonder
why you have money problems Louie this
is why no a Toy Story looks better but
look at any of the human characters in
Toy Story 1 and they're monsters yeah
Pixar avoided people for a long time
yeah they were really smart let's let's
let's make let's make characters that
look plastic and fake and don't have
hair just that easy boom done
maybe he's a Witcher rich isn't selling
any silver swords yet that was a good
dungeon run I'm happy with that
yeah doing great I'm feeling like we
should switch it however hey we're wrong
with this if you were still wrong for
this so however whatever you like okay
and I played a lot of this recently okay
cuz we did a review of it I want to play
through it once yeah let's see here I
got a let's let's go to here aimless
Corsair who says I'm always surprised by
your cinema-going experiences I've only
been to the cinema twice in the US and
both audiences were very vocal the
second being incredibly obnoxious
whereas here in the UK I find most a
cinema audience is very quiet and polite
I am constantly shocked by hearing
people's terrible movie-going
experiences because I have never almost
never had that happen
I had it happened once where where
someone was was like talking behind me
but as it turns out it was like a senile
old man but I have almost never
encountered this kind of crazy like you
know people who won't shut up and are
yelling at the screen kind of situation
in movies I don't it's it's crazy to me
that you everyone has that happen so
what you do I'm changing up games okay
because I you know what I enjoyed
playing Rocketeer but it's not a
four-hour stream game okay that's fair
he's rich playing this looks more like a
Jack game rich rich to be to spoil a
little bit of the review enjoyed
Rocketeer a bit more than I did
shockingly and why I can look past
anime and decide whether or not I like
the game concept it's crazy no I know
that's crazy
what are you doing I'm trying to change
the text okay and it brings me here
oh that's why thank you Matt yeah I see
what you did it you did it

[Part II]
you did it I waited three weeks to see
infinity war on a Tuesday afternoon and
one of the five other people in the
theater kept whooping and clapping
people are crazy I'm sorry I'm sorry
that these people are crazy for you I've
not come across we are we we are past
the point of caring about if any war
spoilers right we I mean it for three
weeks I throw out a minor one right now
yeah one okay well hold on we'll give it
a moment Meyler mild spoiler for
infinity war somebody started hooting
and hollering when Thor showed up with
the new hammer thing what do you think
was gonna happen
dumb ass do you think he was
gonna make the hammer and then not use
it wait wait wait
when he showed up on earth with the new
hammer really yeah what the is
wrong with people I go oh did they not
think he was gonna join the fight I
don't know I don't know I'm sorry rich
I'm really really sorry it's crazy to me
that that you guys have these bad
movie-going experience is generally
speaking I have had very positive
movie-going experiences yeah that should
be an easy download yeah
my theatre cheered every time Captain
America was on screen what I mean with
the beard the beard was there that's
just good it's a good beard
oh it's installed already is it just
quick yeah I thought it would be quick
that was quicker than I thought it would
be all right
no oh it's cute what what's in the queue
updating don't update okay updating hand
of fate I'd say oh my god yeah it's
updating it go go up in the damn queue
all right you haven't stopped updating
Battletech yet there we go now it's
installing into the oh yeah they know
what you're planning enter the gungeon
yeah updating bad all tech great let's
see what we got here
prax's says Steve Jobs lived on a fruit
only diet
I got it did a lot of good Ashton
Kutcher tried to replicate this diet
during his role as Steve Jobs does he
have cancer now and was a hospitalized
with pancreatic pains PS Steve Jobs died
of pancreatic cancer I wanna you know
and obviously there's a lot of there's a
lot we don't know a surrounding his
death I just remember reading
I remember reading someone close to him
saying that for the first for the first
several months after his diagnosis he
tried he tried to he tried to do only
alternative medicines as far as the the
cancer was concerned and and it's
possible and of course this is pure
speculation but it's possible that if he
had started chemo immediately when
doctors recommended it he he might have
had a little bit longer to know oh well
oh oh
oh jeez maybe homeopathy is a bad idea
it's weird it's almost like like years
maybe placebos don't do so good against
stage 3 cancer it's almost like we have
all this science and research that we
should listen to and chemotherapy is in
100% cotton he mayor or rich or maybe he
just had the wrong crystals just a
whoopsie I got a bad
I got a bad crystal I gotta focus my
energy into the right queerest wall
whoopsie the only way the crystals gonna
cure you with cancer if you sharpen it
really good and then just start cutting
at it
just dig out what's up you know get rid
of exactly one of the cancers
you don't survive oh no no I'm not
saying he was survived I'm saying like
it could have bought him time more time
he could have had more time to live
instead of dying so quickly is what I
have read unsubstantiated rumors I'm
basically I'm peddling gossip about a
dead man and I'm sorry I'm very sorry
also owe me a little sorry so you're
gonna force me to go through the
tutorial it might help actually just get
you remember what buttons do want all
this else job a little bit the other
night actually oh yeah yeah I don't know
why what a strange Julie yes I'm not
saying it's a wrong choice I'm you know
this to me is a little out of left field
for a game that you want to play I never
said I hated this
no no it's Jun dur whelmed compared to
Isaac well obviously in in my mind it
had some big boots to fill hmm and so
yeah I never thought it was a bad game I
still think it's actually a good game
just you know if I'm gonna play a
roguelike twin-stick you gotta you gotta
beat Isaac for my time oh yeah oh yeah
into the gungeon stream info updated
successfully look I got used to
moonlighters cliff thing where you do
you don't fall off immediately right how
I want the dodge over that cliff so
there you go it's a Vegas let's see here
Jack says the latchkey kid your money
solves everything theory is silly
no yeah wealthy people kill themselves
just like poor people we just saw
Anthony Bourdain and Kate Spade do it
and Robin Williams before obviously no
amount of money was going to solve their
problems can I have their money and I'll
take their money and obviously the last
key Kato is being slightly hyperbolic
I'll gladly take my money it's it's true
money won't solve every problem solves
many of them solves it's you know I
think this is an old bit is you know the
the the person who says money won't buy
happiness obviously has never had that
much money I didn't know much of I I
don't know much about Anthony Bourdain
and I know you know he recently took his
own life
and I just I know he hosted a couple
food shows that there are a lot of
people who are very very upset by that
and I don't I don't know if I've ever
seen anything with him but apparently
people liked the stuff he did
okay it's hard not to be happy in a
wingsuit you know it's nice slacks
where are we then you know we're at
Villa hecka who says hey guys I know
rich couldn't give two shits
but the Disney Foxx merger hasn't come
through just yet Comcast just put in a
bid and Disney just raised their bid any
deal still needs to approve be approved
by the federal federal government oh no
oh I thought no I guess you know what I
saw news of the merger going I thought
going through but the news muscle just
been that Disney up their bid yeah from
Comcast that that must have been what I
had read well thanks for the thanks for
correcting me bill mica I appreciate
that
Disney offered them seventy 1.1 billion
gosh dang and then Fox assets that's
great yeah I mean great for Fox I don't
know great for Disney is it really good
if Disney owns all of pop culture no so
something we should be rooting for no
and you know you want to see Marvel we
do the x-men movies but no no no there's
there's there's a lot there's gonna be
there's going to be a lot of negative
consequences to this much much like much
like you being fearful of a possible
dystopian steam future yeah Disney
controlling all the intellectual
properties yeah oh I know oh right right
but so to put that into context to chat
there there is a very real downside to
this I'm not I'm not incredibly worried
as if I'm gonna try to be as optimistic
as possible the avenues for
entertainments keep diversifying right
and so the places that I can go to get
new entertainment keeps multiplying and
so I'm not necessarily worried about
Disney taking away all of entertainment
because entertainment is in itself
becoming more democratized so but what's
just gonna happen as Disney's gonna have
all the big
and you know that's just how it's gonna
be oh sorry that was 71 point three
billion dollars on my mistake my mistake
the good news is if Disney runs all
their IPs like they have one Star Wars
they will be looking to sell that
monopoly in ten years no I'm pretty good
with Marvel yeah and you know even if
even if they get another box-office flop
on their hands remember that owning the
Star Wars IP means that they get to sell
all the toys and they get to make all
the video games and they get to make all
the TV shows and they get to make all of
the webisodes or whatever the hell they
want they will make that money back they
might spend a little less making the
movies they might force their After
Effects and post workers to work under
worse conditions and work for even less
money and outsource even more stuff to
Korea so they can do cheap animation but
they'll still make the money because
that's what business is do
capitalism aha
brought it all around nice nice thought
you would appreciate that yeah
Marvel Comics is doing terribly a
physical comics are doing terribly
digital comics are up but physical
comics have never been a big market to
begin with you know I might be recycling
a joke I told when we first started
streaming this do it they make a sequel
to this game yeah it needs to be called
welcome to the jungle
I mean yes and I just hope I hope they
actually get a voice actor to say gun go
because that is a funny word achievement
unlocked fun and games
what welcome to the Gundel oh they've
got they've got yes yes they've got I
get it not yet
it's it took me a while it took me it
took me slightly longer than I'm
comfortable admitting even though I just
admitted it welcome to the jungle
don't celebrate that joke oh that's a
fine joke you know why it's a fine joke
because it sounds Gundel is an awful
word is it any gum gold oh it's it's
it's all lower throat it's not it feels
terrible to say and so I hope they make
it so everyone can go gum goal
what are you playing playing a little
gun going oh it actually it hurts it
makes it like widen my throat to say
let's see here brave SJ wants to notice
is how hey guys curious why you only
ever seem to watch low-budget
direct-to-video movies on best of the
worst when Hollywood has supplied so
much blockbuster garbage to us over the
years
also Cowboy Bebop is a great gateway
anime rich one of us even if I even if I
should watch and and like cowboy bebop
but does not that wouldn't that mean I
were suddenly magically an anime fan
right and here's the thing rich if you
did watch and enjoy a Cowboy Bebop which
I recommend it's very good I would also
recommend you not share that information
with chat yeah because they will you
know they're what they're gonna do
Oh everything they're gonna recommend
all the crap all the crap they're gonna
write well you like that it's just like
hell oh yeah yeah yeah it's gonna it's
gonna turn into a shitstorm we'll talk
about it off stream just a goddamn
shitstorm
but why do we only ever seem to watch a
low-budget direct-to-video movie that's
kind of its kind of the mission
statement of best of the worst Hollywood
people already know about it hmm
yeah that's funny I don't I don't know I
don't know part of the the premise is to
discover the undiscovered yes to boldly
go if you will and yeah if something had
a large theatrical release it is usually
already pissed off and but generally
speaking when when like there has been
like a notorious flop usually somebody
else has covered that right like
somebody else knows it exists so yeah
we're we're we're digging our own hole
over here get out of our hole
maybe do one special theme tonight for
big-budget flops that's that there's a
million ideas that we have none of them
will be realized yeah but none of them
will ever ever happen
secret room over there all right little
gray thing thank you ma'am
I wonder if that's a new feature I gotta
I gotta I have a chest I got a map
oh I don't see broken walls or something
though don't you need to see I know if
it's broken walls or if it's like a like
a switch that you need to Paul
you know what check the room directly to
your left here yeah cuz some Tino's like
sometimes they tunnel maybe it comes out
of this room
mm even now I don't know man I don't
know I don't know either I don't how to
get to it
don't know how to get to it some of the
breakable walls are hidden they sound
different when you shoot them says the
chat
what xsplit output settings use 1080p 30
frames a second is what we were using
currently
maybe not we do have our vine turn down
this screaming I think we be able
oh there's a nice business question I
know people love it want to talk you
know business jack has a freelancer do
you take special care to track your
hours do you try to do a certain number
of hours of work each day absolutely
absolutely I have a little application
called clock KL okay
I think hey L okay if it's a it's just a
time management it's a billable hours
punch cards application and yes it's
very very important to keep track of
your hours when you are a freelancer
even if you're not billing by the hour
if you're just billing for a job always
keep track of your hours so you have a
better idea on how to build by the job
but later very important very important
just to kind of know what you're getting
into and do I do a certain amount of
hours of work each day yes yeah I try to
keep - I try to keep to a schedule try
to keep through schedule I have a
certain like regimented time that I
answer emails I only try to only answer
emails a couple times a day so I'm not
like addicted to email or anything then
I have some time that I work on some
creative stuff some business stuff some
prereq stuff yeah
little segments and I try to keep to a
schedule that way that way I can get you
it done
did prereq stop using lbs yeah we
stopped using OBS awhile ago because it
kept crashing on us OBS was nice
no no disrespect to OBS but xsplit runs
a little more there's a word I'm looking
for that I can't think of right now
regularly maybe
oh you know what that made the other
chandeliers hitting those switches make
additional your fault
yeah does he drop armor if you don't
take a hit though
and of course you know for the person
who's asking about the freelancer and
hours spent you know it's it does change
day to day like you know currently I
just have some very lights editing work
to do the other side of of my of my
business and so I think it's like a
frisbee haven't you and so it's a weapon
okay okay yeah and so I I don't spend as
much time with that and we've had some
games to play so I've been spending a
little more time playing games yeah
stable reliably yeah all those things
consistently all those things xsplit
does all those things better
all those things why are we dropping no
we look fine we look fine we're not
dropping no frames how goes D and D so
far so good I'm almost done the next
part of my campaign has been very is
very NPC heavy and so basically I've
just been writing a lot of dialogue and
characters keeping your family waiting
huh keeping your family waiting well you
got a strike while the errands have
those kids are less than ten years old
they're gonna forget about D and D and
my god the minute they've already four
they've already forgotten no no because
we hammering it in know we've been
playing with our neighbors we've been
the kids have been writing their own
dungeons okay like we're still in it
it's just the second part of my game oh
that's neat interesting so yeah we're
still getting into it and actually
something that just arrived the other
day I purchased my first miniature for
for a set which is a it's a mimic
miniature so one it's two pieces one is
a treasure chest and then the other is
the treasure chest with his mouth open
and the teeth I'm gonna surprise him
there's gonna be a little a little cave
and they're gonna see a treasure chest
and and it's gonna be a mimic and they
don't really know what a mimic is yet
yeah and so I'm gonna surprise him it's
gonna be great
why do I suck yeah that's first I'm
playing in a while I've never been
greater this stuff looks well yeah if
you're out of that muscle memory it
takes a lot
sharks fear says a quick sharks fear tip
for you rich yeah on every floor the
shopkeeper is guaranteed to have a key
for sale if you haven't already picked
up a key only you haven't already
presented oh really so leave any key
drops on the floor if you haven't
already found the shop
well do the red pick them up then
that might engender trust issues as I
hope so I want I want to my hope is that
I can I can force him to start thinking
you know outside the box a little bit
and not just you know I want to spook
them I want to I want to create a
situation that that makes them you know
start slowing down and questioning the
world around them but you know I have
some NPCs I do have some monsters I'm
implementing you know Rich's idea of a
timer and then some skeletons popping up
every once in a while yeah they need to
find they need to find a secret entrance
into into the the castle of skeletons
that's gonna be their mission for this
next part and I'm fairly excited about
about round two of the family DeeAnn
being but yeah we've been playing we've
been you know watching some stuff watch
it we've we found a couple other you
know people that we're watching oh so
yeah it's been fun D&D; all good we're
still gonna play
James T James C drone says do you have
any advice for an individual still
building a following and trying to
become successful in the profession of
creating Internet entertainment content
find the the biggest thing in the world
and an ape off of it using it as a
platform Star Wars works great now let's
try buying more lottery tickets and then
and then put out regular content right
yeah there's not a lot we can do to help
in that respect fine to find an
interesting thing to do and try to do it
better than other people or do something
horribly unique that makes you stand out
yeah well that's this kind of same
advice do something different and do
something the same as everyone else
that's the same advice that's not what I
said I said oh oh I said try to try to
you know do something better than other
people I was thinking you're saying do
what the big people are doing I oh no no
I'm dodging bullets right no taking
brain brain a whole brain well one of my
pieces of advice is to ape off of pop
culture which is advice that works very
well for a lot of people you you find a
way to you know do your thing but but
ape off of I don't know movies video
games that kind of thing that seems to
work really good for other people but do
it in a way that's better than other
people or interesting or unique than
other people
here's a tip steel content no absolutely
not but you know the people have to find
you somehow right and and so the
question is how are people going to find
you if you're doing something so
different even if it's good people are
gonna have a hard time finding you
eventually like if you just keep on
doing it and it's good and it's good and
it's good people will find you but how
are people going to find you a lot of
times what people do is they take
something that's very popular and then
they do their thing within the Venn
diagram of the thing that's very popular
so that when people are searching for
the very popular thing they'll also come
across your thing you know I'm saying
and that's a piece of advice that I'm
sure you know already so I'm sorry for
wasting your time
oh nice gun not bad that's handy it's
easy to dodge when they don't shoot at
you in the first place yeah yeah yeah
I found you by word-of-mouth but it took
a long time to start watching regularly
right but you know a lot of people you
know obviously a lot of people found
found us through red letter media but
the people who didn't find us through
red letter media might fight you know
might just be looking for like oh I'm
looking for reviews on Metal Gear Solid
5 oh these guys are guys I'll listen to
these guys right boom that's how you
find this or so on and so forth like or
like let's just say you're just making
straight-up regular life you know if
you're just making like comedy videos
right maybe every once in a while throw
in a comedy video that has to do with
something pop culture-wise so you just
squeeze in there then you make your
regular comedy if it doesn't he squeeze
in that pop culture every once in a
while just so people have a way to find
you oh god this guy kicks my ass
yeah he's nuts you know or didn't keep
doing your own thing and then you know
team up with someone who has a larger
following than you if they're willing to
do that
I don't think he freezes
many hours and came the rap doesn't
steal keys the key tip will make he's
not a problem for the majority of your
lives okay you hear that rich the
rattlesnake
good lick my love it says I've made up
some bad old I've I've made up some band
names please tell me what your beautiful
imagination comes up with when reading
them the nut baggers the Harvey pranks
five salty lake it's one one time way
back one way back when Mike tried to
trick some somebody he knew in the
naming their band after something to
Star Trek related cuz they didn't know
nothing about no Star Trek he's trying
to get the color I like tachyon
fielder's yeah yeah yeah that can that
could be actually that could be a good
name I could see this obsidian order
yeah yeah yeah and they just would they
would have no idea they're they're bad
this oh I could totally see like a like
a hipster
like a like a hipster junk orchestra
band being called Tasha Yar and like
like Mike convincing them that it's like
some like ancient Indian thing like oh
yes it's a rifle
hey Natasha are the and then naming
their whole band after Tasha Yar I love
it Jeffries tube
now I'm thinking of something like like
Animal Collective like that kind of band
where that you know a little Cynthia
little junk Orchestra II or or like The
Decemberists being called Tasha Yar I
could see that whoops sighs Sperling
says hey guys what's your favorite type
of animation and why is it stop-motion
appreciate stop-motion I have a favorite
type I love it I like a lot of kinds of
animation including stop-motion yeah
stop motion is neat because there's a
whole separate craft involved with it a
tactile craft instead of just a you got
to draw pretty a lot yeah so that's
always nice but there's there's a lot of
good animation styles
well that was one of my favorite things
about that series that the Animatrix you
know like all the different styles
it's nice Eric Kerber this is Jack
thinking about finally building a PC
that's fast enough for some higher-level
motion graphics which also means it'll
be good for gaming alright how's yours
holding up that you built it runs
fantastically everything every game I've
thrown at it runs super smoothly and I'm
encoding videos with ease it is when did
we build this one which one the the one
we're playing this game off of right now
this is like early on and prereqs been
for years now right Oh at least three or
four years yeah and this one still runs
buttery this one this one still runs
every new game yeah no and you know I've
switched over to using the PC that I
built on stream as my main editing
computer because I've been needing to
edit larger you know 4k footage because
that's what the clients are expecting
now and and it it handles it just
buttery smooth
so this is a bullet hell and I think I
spend too much time looking at the
enemies rather than worrying about where
I'm at
yeah I think my big problem in this game
you kind of got a fisheye it and you
know a little bit just kind of knowing
the path they're gonna take and a little
bit looking in front of you where you're
gonna roll like I wonder if this game
wouldn't play better in like a Windows
over everything just try to make it as
small as well then you might not know
what's the table and what's not
I know on his other drawbacks I felt
like that wasn't dumb hip to take and I
felt bad about taking that dated a 10
year old PC with more lamb and new
graphics card and plays modern games
incredibly well the graphics card man
that's that is an important important
bit yeah as we learned with our
attempting to resize a window while
streaming that graphics card ain't from
ain't for nothing but
ya know my PC still runs great every
everything runs real smooth and then I
and I like it even after I got I got a
fancy new I got a 4k monitor at home you
know with some better color management
because as I'm saying I'm working with
the 4k footage now and we look with a
lot of my editing gigs and so I needed a
bigger monitor and it can output to that
4k monitor good everything good all good
good computer good stream good make game
good make witcher 3 look why did you
turn into tarzan i don't know but i felt
that going that way and i just went with
it because i felt like i was saying the
same thing over and over I'm sorry I was
so shocked that I got it I just I just
got him I I felt like I was saying the
same thing over and over again and so I
kind of stumbled into Tarzan
I think I'm on my rig at home I have a
gtx 1070 if I wanted to go I wanted to
go graphics card intensive yeah this one
though I don't think we have anything
that powerful loves the generation right
underneath things to the 970 but 970
yeah so could be the 960 I forgot
exactly but I think it's not something
but yeah you know if you're thinking
about you building a PC for you know for
post work for for uh for After Effects
or those kind of graphics start start
looking on filemaker forums and seeing
what's gonna work best for you make sure
you're after your post program can
handle whatnot and he who's lifted me
and all that fun stuff but yeah it's
been great
it's been great
captain president says hey Jack have you
heard of a band called Greta Van Fleet
they are a Led Zeppelin like but damn do
they do it well
check out safari song and highway 2 ok
thank you guys for president I will look
into those way
James Seay Crona sang ha hey there as a
fan of free record fellow streamer I'm
curious do you guys stream with OBS
studio if so what output settings do you
use to make the 1080p look so crisp we
just talked about that we use xsplit and
actually we only recently bumped
ourselves up to 1080 we were for a long
time since you know for 4 years
streaming at 720p but we recently built
a new computer that only handles the
screen so right now we're playing into
the gungeon on one pc sending that
signal into a second PC that is
streaming it out to you and that's why
we are able to stream at 1080p
though the the as soon as we start
getting a little more money in the
prereq coffers we might want to swap up
to a better TV but hey yeah we'll figure
that out another day right now it's
working yeah we've had it we've had a
lot of luck with extra luck xsplit is a
quality product as is OBS OBS was great
for us but finicky because you know it's
open source it's it's updated whenever
they feel like updating it's not a
guaranteed thing as neither is excellent
of course but as a product it's been a
little more reliable James
the batcher I don't think I missed your
no your tip is coming up to bat Shiva
your tip is coming up the bat it's
pronounced table bocce - bocce hibachi
your tip is coming up before I read your
tip belt and we have a little drink of
water we've been doing a lot of talking
today rich yes whoo that's not a bad
idea we should buy a new GPU for the
gaming PC and use the old one with the
streaming you see that oh that ain't not
a bad idea
let's it's a far costlier idea cuz this
GPU for games yeah fun we'd have to do a
pro/con price comparison you know if
it's close enough I just want us to be
streaming adequately I don't oh yeah I
just don't ever want you know we had
that little hiccup earlier and I had a
little panic attack and yeah and I don't
want us to ever have to worry about
stuff like that
you know we should press the button and
start streaming and that's it
that's the whole reason why we built the
streaming pc is so we wouldn't have to
worry about it I'm not yet a hundred
percent sure that any kind of hiccups
we've had have been the fault of the GPU
right I'm not I'm not convinced
I don't oh yeah and I don't know you
know so rather than spend a thousand
blocks sending GPU that's the best at
the top of the line yep yep pitchfork
these will fireballs horrible
what the a little grenade guy there
and I didn't see him
yeah little cluttered the gungeon
the gungeon can get a little fun will
ship all right it's pronounced to botch
e but that's okay everyone messes it up
well it has a queue at the end to Bochy
or taboc Kai goddamnit I don't know how
to pronounce your name
I love C thoughts on Time Warner merging
with AT&T; will Batman be advertising
better cell phone service also a long
time watcher first time donator thank
you for being you actually closer and
closer to the unified mega coil of
science fiction dystopias past this is
this is a that that's a common trope in
dystopian futures by and large someday
the 80s science fiction will be a
reality wonder boss don't you already
have a sec oh no this is a new run
oh man I don't know either I know man I
think I'm good I'll save my money yeah
somebody'll buy some nice something yeah
I mean if you're still you got you got a
pitchfork and a gun what else could you
need what else could you need it makes
me sad because AT&T; was my only
competition to spectrum in my area
that's that's what it is here in
Milwaukee we have two options for high
speed internet you have spectrum and we
have 80s so as soon as they merge all
done
I'll that yeah you should've made
that that seemed like a like a whole
bunch of you should have made that
hunchback jack donated to say
cancer absolutely that's a killer
Oh a momentary roll away huh sad Vegas
is yep I'm in knowing well great
yeah we're super for what
Internet
why well what happened Time Warner is
merging with a team okay
okay they want to merge with 18z and
currently in Milwaukee we have exactly
two choices
ah Time Warner and 80 so once they merge
we have one choice for high speed
internet and then it's pay whatever we
tell you to pay yay capitalism
yay fYI we can't see the bosses health
bar oh that was pretty close for what
it's worth
RIT two is very very close I do see that
though our our screen is full screen
instead of the normal slightly shrunk so
you can see the bottom I would have been
very sad if I weren't kind of
anyway cuz it wasn't that much health in
the first boss you're not gonna have a
good run
yeah and I would I would fix the game
screen right now but last time I tried
to fix the screen midstream it ruined
everything so I've learned my lesson
okay and we'll never be good at this
game
I will never be good at this game I
can't dodge between that ship you can
yeah yeah I'm hearing it rich you know
it takes it takes a certain zone for
games like this here's your problem
you're rich what you cut what we like in
the biz like to call a thinker you like
to think about what you're doing you're
you're one of them smarter you smarty
dances and Gunjan is a game that relies
on instincts twitch reflexes you got to
move without thinking
but I like Star Wars do do you know I
got a head it didn't work oh it didn't
work
oh you're trying not to think yeah I get
it
Ritchie's about the boss only has about
a quarter health left
to close rich you cut do closed
thanks doc quality doc only a sliver of
health left okay
yeah it's pure instance you get you have
to be on if impure instance do you get
anything for leaving this guy live ah
maybe yeah you let's do it
he's not a pet he's just crying let him
look let him cry
with the crime he'll let him let him
live with it yeah your master is dead
jack is right I'm hopeless at these kind
of games because I have no instinct it's
you know it's it's a different kind of
game it's a different kind of world and
that's all right and that's all
why true blue review says hey guys
thought I'd compress three are you going
to play this questions into one tip one
hollow Knight is getting a DLC campaign
soon and a switch release I didn't much
care for holiday when I played it rich
do you have any I never played it yes I
think I said you stream it once do I
play it and looked at equip no ok great
Mario Tennis aces comes out on Friday so
I don't generally care about Mario
Tennis games there was a good mario
soccer game once did you play Super
Mario right courageous heard of it that
was a fun that was a fun multiplayer
game Mario Strikers was great never
really got into the tennis was remember
earlier when I said you were thinker I
might want to take that back the
off you you Bach you
walked into a room and immediately shot
the exploding barrel right next to you
can you stop the rat from stealing your
stuff I I don't know I think if you come
back into the room he goes away I'm not
sure this I think you can unless you're
invulnerable why you use this I don't a
grappling yeah uh you might be a better
call to have more ammo for whatever gun
again yeah I mean that's just neat it's
neat
theoretically it could get you behind
enemies easier but you can already kind
of do that just with rolling so I don't
know
so he's gonna keep coming back I didn't
say I didn't like the Beatles I just I
just said you know there are they all
right I'm not huge on the Vita's Jackie
have like everything they like exactly
as much as I like it
are you Satan Hinds II yes I can see
that I I just said I'm not big on the
Beatles the beetle the videos are all
right we've been actually we've been
listening to the Beatles may as well
have said you hate puppies true that's
true
you know what puppies they're my
favorite thing babe I'll put it out
there I don't care about puppies Oh care
about no puppies we've actually been
listening to a lot of the Beatles for
some reason my youngest really wants to
listen to Beatles and you know so we
have one of those Amazon echo devices
whose name I will not say so it won't
get turned on in people's houses and
every once a while he'll ask me Amazon
echo type device to shuffle songs from
The Beatles and its pleasant to nice
Jack I got I am I think I'm considerate
of other people's feelings right it's
crazy but I don't know it's you know
that's that's actually really nice
pleasant music to listen to was just a
big you okay that kind of was
actually yeah
yes and it's fine it's fine music and
she's not music I'm necessarily like I
would write just never choose to listen
to that on my own
that's fine why does rich keep leaving
keys he doesn't always see them and if
you remember a shark spear gave us the
the suggestion that if we leave keys in
the room and don't pick up the keys then
the shopkeeper will also have another
key to sell so it's a way to get more
keys it's a way to to farm keys what is
that
whoa that's an interesting gun Isana
previous prereq fit you enjoy enjoy
powerful button mashing games that's in
a warframe scream I don't know that one
Washington I wish I wish it is I think
you can't you you know and you can't be
good at all the things on the signage
gotta know your strengths your
weaknesses
Oh also the the other world the other
game true Bloorview wanted to know if we
wanted to play is Jurassic world
evolution it has Jeff Goldblum that's a
cute guy maybe a baby
yeah awesome man sorry triple uber view
Khun chai 20 forces hijack and rich I
listened to Jack on the per cast today
and loved it
that's the podcast I was on today it
went live today where I talked about
biscuit for exactly one hour and they
just wanted me to talk about cats and my
cat for an hour and it was great it was
great oftentimes you know whether you're
whether you're a pet parent or a parent
with children it's usually bad form to
gush about your children and your pets
so it was nice to be on a on a podcast
that says no gush about your pet talk
about all your weird pet stuff what kind
of what kind of what what exactly did
you talk about other than just your
camera well I guess you'll have to
listen to the Perry we I actually we did
we talked about us food we talked about
his quirks something I don't uh you know
here's here's a little preview I won't
give away the whole perk ask is
obviously you should listen to that but
a lot of cats have quirks
you know like funny little things and
cats to a very strange thing that
biscuit does probably because he was
raised a show cat is after he's done
going to the bathroom in the morning he
screams at the top of his lungs yeah he
meows for several minutes to let us know
that he's gone to the bathroom and it
hopes that we scoop his poop right away
smartest decision I've ever made in my
life yeah was not doing that podcast
with me
because I the smartest decision I ever
made
oh no by the way we spend a big chunk of
the podcast just talking about poop not
gonna lie just talking about poop
I don't blame you I don't blame you one
bit
not only what I've you bitching about
cats I've been bitching about cat owners
yeah why do those assholes why the
cat owners yeah I think it's
fine they do back oh we vacuumed before
he came over it's fine why is why isn't
that one of the things that's okay it
gets the hair I'll lose your it get
max it into the air makes it
worse known anomaly we do read questions
from the chat I in fact I've been
reading questions from the chat not just
the tips all night I think it usually
helps when you're snarky about it so
keep that up you know
a lot of people ask I want to ask us
questions right yeah and I'm sorry but
the people who give us $2 get a higher
priority capitalism applause oh I do I
do read the chat whenever you see me
looking in this direction I'm not
looking at rich and a lot of times if I
don't really check questions because you
keep asking the same stupid question
over and over that I don't have a good
response to it's true what what do you
think of the anime Wooky Wooky Wooky ie
and I like as you'll see something like
that just repeat over again yeah and I
don't even know what the I'm
talking about and then they're gonna be
mad at me for not reading they're stupid
they're I think they're hoping that you
dissect the differences between the
anime and the manga human kabuki model
you know because like the drawing style
is completely different obviously and I
prefer the manga
obviously kid Brook chewy love anime now
what's up that once went easy right like
once you have records here and cowboy
bebop rich there dude they're just not
gonna stop it's just like cowboy bebop
except for it's set in a little girl's
underwear drawer no but it's a metaphor
rich it's a metaphor and I have no doubt
that really exists there's a problem
with animating is you can tell me that
you can tell me that exists and I would
believe it an anime just like Cowboy
Bebop but set into little girls
underwear yes yeah absolutely
with playbook cheer
don't do it don't find don't find that
anime and Link it don't do it Jack is
now on a list somewhere probably let's
see here do either of you recommend any
other podcasts or audiobooks to listen
to while doing menial tasks thanks for
the stream says kun Jai any any regular
nothing specific off the top of my head
what I've mentioned one I've mentioned
before that I enjoy it was the pirate
history project honestly lately I
haven't even been listening to a podcast
I've been tracking down old art bell
episodes you've talked about all of our
Bell sometimes this is that's great
oh wow whoa share but you get three
shots what a weird weapon
yeah and unfortunately this is something
I've said many times is most of my day
is is editing and when I'm editing
anything with audio like you know for
example when I'm gonna edit this
previously recorded episode I need to
listen to rich and I talk so I can yeah
also listen to other people talk about
other things while I'm listening to rich
and I talk so I don't get a ton of time
for podcasts in the past I have enjoyed
many many a podcast including the the
hardcore history podcast which I found
to be very odd you tamed full yep
however you say that but I've listened
to a lot of podcasts back in the day I
don't even know if any of them are still
running or you know Mac I listened to
way way back in the day I still listen
to the SModcast the Kevin Smith podcast
I don't even know if he does that one ah
because eight other podcasts back when
podcasts are still relatively new
this game it's just I'm being some balls
heart because that's literally the dawn
off the game just fun bullet hill action
you know doesn't need to be balls hard
goddamn it is there an easy well that
was just on yeah I was trying to go but
walk between them rather than dodging
like a practice kind of thing sure
between there now I'm never gonna get
better otherwise that's true spod cast
of Sylvain great great it's doing good I
had to armors Jam to both gone
like that nothing so that is that is a
life you are born you struggle you die
you die you die
hmm let's see here you find that what
nerd poker with Brian Posehn and Friends
they played the MD it's great there's a
lot of stuff I really wish I had i i i
would love-- there was a point of my
life when i was doing a lot of editing
work that didn't require audio like a
lot of that like post work after-effects
work and oh yeah i could turn on a
podcast or an informational show or just
even have a show on in the background
that I could listen to I'd love that but
that's not where I am at this point it
would be nice
near as much damage as I figured at one
decent chunk
nope
that's a one-shot kill for those guys
that's nice so that's nice rate to which
projects you have more fun working on
previously recorded half in the bag half
in the bag wet what the press the worst
fun so what we're playing I mean really
right like Metal Gear survived that
wasn't a picnic but sometimes it feels
like a chore absolutely the actual
filming of it easily best
oh yeah yeah that's that's a ton of I'll
even agree on that that's just a ton of
fun yeah just get to make jokes about
bad movies boom gosh started why don't
we suck that water not suck
I can't help myself I suck
Jack only a couple episodes into the
expanse I only like Tom James character
should I stick with it yes dr. chug
but mud I I've said this a zillion times
but the characters in the expanse are
kind of generic stick with it for the
story the story is fantastic you will
end up loving the characters only
because they advance the story and it's
worth it it's absolutely worth it the
characters kind of generic Thomas Jane
is great but like I'm to the point now
you know I've fallen so in love with the
story that now the characters are just
you know they're old friends Oh Amos
crazy Amos he's he's a nut so he's
always saying the the the weird
nihilistic things I aim is I like that
yeah that's a that's a go-to gun right
there that's a go-to gun hunt Rebecca I
haven't read them but my wife loves the
expanse books that's that's why like I I
told her about the show and she had
already read the books ah I'm gonna
go back in and scare the rat off
oh that's great you can create little
little death traps for people
die do you need to kill the source or a
place because is that green thing over
his head
overkill
overkill the expense books aren't where
ever expanding to read list yep that's
how it works I'm sorry I'm sorry to add
to that list to you furry friend but
it's at work sometimes oh he did not
like that accident dude cinnamon I know
I've been I've been talking with one of
the expanse authors I know
yeah you just you just hold still
wait right there and please don't move
cuz I saw I got a present for you let's
see what we got here yok the Moose says
played rim world no no I think you guys
really look serious isn't it yes I think
you guys would really enjoy it the
interpersonal relationships of randomly
spawned characters is amazing thanks for
the great stream tonight I wonder if
it's based off of the same is that a
terry pratchett remote think so
hmm but you might be thinking of
Discworld Discworld that's what I'm
thinking of Discworld Thank You Chet
that is what I'm thinking of thank you
just let's see what we got here lewd
lewd e croissant I says hey Jack I know
you do a lot of editing and I'm trying
to get into it as a side job slash
profession and I was wondering if you
had any advice I know you said you fell
into it but anything would be
appreciated the fine define projects
that will get you noticed this it's kind
of the same about getting noticed
anywhere else is you got to find
projects start editing stuff and if that
means shooting your own stuff you know
flip out your give your iphone and shoot
some stuff and edit it you know people
people need to see your work before
they're gonna hire you and unfortunately
that's kind of the way of the business
so yeah start making some stuff I did I
started editing kind of by not by
accident but just because I was the only
one to edit and the reason that I have
customers now is because they've seen my
work on other stuff and said hey come
and make stuff for me and that's how it
works for me so you know is there a band
that you like locally send them an email
and say hey can I make you a music video
if there's a you know to start making
dreamworld is not practical okay we've
established that as Discworld yes I
think I think that's that's the same
with a lot of you know kind of these you
know quasi creative jobs or whatever yet
you got a it's unfortunate that you have
to kind of prove yourself before you
even have a foot in the door but it was
a little under half health so very close
I'm sorry rich what time we have we are
at 9:50 so what you want you want to
play which we've been we've been
streaming for about three hours if if
you are done coming after that I am done
I would love to please yeah do it
all right close out this window I gotta
login
I'm never gonna be good at that game
that's okay I am never gonna be good I'd
love to be good at that game but I'm
never going to be good at that game you
know your strengths man that's okay
you'll be right back
I'm gonna change our change your thing
really quick yeah okay great yeah you
know it's it's been so long since since
I started out oh you know what I'm gonna
start downloading because now I have
both expansions so I got a download the
other expansion hold on we got a log in
here it's been so long since I got
started editing and you know I I started
with with kind of comedy videos no
excuse me that's not what I want to
happen and so you know for me it was it
was kind of a count you guys can't see
this you guys can't see this
ah did I do it I did it great so now
let's go to the future and go to manage
installation and install blood and wine
because someone someone sent me the the
blood and wine dlc and actually the you
have a DSC I appreciate that whoever
sent me the gifts of all the Witcher DLC
I really appreciate it so we'll start
downloading this while we start talking
about stuff so you know for me it was it
was you know kind of dumb comedy videos
and that's what I started editing and
obviously those were stuff I made myself
or with the people around me and that's
what got me noticed s-- and then i was
able to you know the people that noticed
me i was able to talk to them and they
were talking to businesses and we
smooshed it together and and i just kept
making stuff and I know that's a oh my
god this is an 8 gig download this is
gonna take a little bit this is gonna
take a little bit we might have to play
something else
Wow maybe I'll speed up will see what
mine is so good I I don't know if I have
gotten to any of the expansion stuff yet
I'll be honest with you
the inventory system got a real work
over with the new expansion and I'm not
sure it was included in the base version
great Hinds II I have not played
overwatch in quite some time in fact I
think I might have deleted overwatch for
my hard drive because I haven't played
it in months
I might be over overwatch
so Jack how did people notice you how
did they know it was you who created
what they were looking at actually for a
while they didn't because I was behind
the camera they didn't know I created it
luckily they talked to the people who
were in front of camera and those people
said hey you know this is the guy who
made him my first couple of videos I was
making with my cousin and he was in
front of the camera and so they got
ahold of him because they saw him so
which is this huh
oh my old videos you know my old comedy
videos and so they're saying how did
they know you made it but but also like
it was it was under you know back in the
Funny or Die days it was who knew you
made it funny you're dying
yeah yeah like funny I knew I made it
and other people to like you know we got
we don't typically you put your name in
the credits well but you know what for a
lot of Internet videos you don't owe
Internet videos yeah I guess that makes
Internet videos you don't really put
your name in the credits but you do put
your name in the description yeah and of
course you know they hopefully they can
find you through your channel but like I
guess that's a bit of advice it's right
there but put contact info your
deception
what you know what they call it in the
biz rich a little call to action well
you you have a home base for people to
go to at the end of your internet video
you give some place for people to go to
follow you yeah and so but you know like
firfer like the jobs that rolled out of
that they got a hold of
me through my Funny or Die page and
they'd say hey we see that you made this
and we want to do something like this
but for our corporation and I said okay
give me mumsy and very luckily that was
in the early days of internet video so
they didn't know they shouldn't be
paying me that much but yeah we just got
a little bit of download here oh there
was someone someone was very kind and
gifted me the other expansion which I
started you know that's on the save file
now so we just have to download this
other expansion which is a little bit
beefier than the first expansion but
it's getting there so we just got a
jibber for a little bit we just got a
jibber for a little bit it's not the
last tip you read then there about the
editing is a side job yeah yeah I think
so well you know I was like oh I also
remember that I you know Myatt my tips
and tricks might not mean anything
because I also got incredibly lucky the
the reason that I was noticed on Funny
or Die was because of a server error
this is this dumb little video event
that I that I shot and and helped edit
we'd put it up on YouTube and you know
of course these were the wild days of
YouTube so no one really noticed it and
then we heard wind of this crazy little
website called Funny or Die yeah oh you
know that comedy video we shot when we
were trying to make a dramatic movie
because that's why we shot it let's put
that up on funnier guys couldn't be Will
Ferrell's new website that'll be great
and back in the Funny or Die days every
new video uploaded was the first video
that you saw after the landlord okay so
you'd watch the landlord and then you go
right to Funny or Die and it was just
whatever most recent video was on the
front page and then years got loaded and
then ours got loaded and then the
servers crashed
so for like four to five hours you lucky
son of a bitch our video was the first
thing people saw after the landlord
right and so and so you know of comeno
did people notice but you know more
importantly the people at Funny or Die
noticed they said holy that look
looks that's so bad how did you guys
make that we're like we made it in our
backyard and you know we've been looking
for a couple idiots to make stuff for us
so you know honest and then Funny or Die
went under there a very successful
company still to this day tech that's
right Hunchback jack technical
difficulties basically gave me my career
technical difficulties can be their
friend be lucky and listen luck has a
lot to do with it sure it's not the
first time technical difficulties led to
somebody else's success right yeah right
yeah all the time
well yeah you know but but you know the
other side of that coin is I was
prepared for the lucky moment right
right and so that's that's the other
part of it and then you know then yeah I
started making my weird the you
know the high five videos and that got
me noticed by these people and these
people and then we started merchandising
and all that fun stuff so I don't know
just keep making until you get
lucky yes that's the moral of the story
okay does make until you catch that
break and there's no catching that break
unless you're making first yeah
like no one's you're not gonna you're
never gonna stumble into an elevator
with Steven Spielberg and Steven
Spielberg's and go hey you got any ideas
for a movie you got a make first
and
then you stumbled you need the opening
yeah but then you need to take the shot
but it's one thing for Funny or Die to
notice you but then you have to make the
most out of it well sure but they
wouldn't have noticed me in the first
place if I hadn't made anything in the
first place see getting Steven Spielberg
to even give a yeah what you're
saying that's just that's just the first
hurdle cuz after after you have his ear
yeah then you still have to impress him
that's true that's true and if you don't
have anything to impress him then you're
done yeah yeah you've done but you know
let's say you made some you go hey
you want to see some okay
I like that Becky got wiped Becky got
places okay cancel the Spielberg
elevator plan well that's you know I who
is I think like um Peter Dinklage I had
a really great interview about kind of
like the the the way you know the
industry works and how you know like you
have to be lucky but it's not just about
being lucky because there's years of
hard work to get you to that stage where
even being lucky matters yeah and so you
know but that's what that's I guess what
I'm safe for career options the medical
profession here is always hiring just
get a nine-to-five get a
nine-to-five and have a steady paycheck
I don't know what a steady paychecks
like anymore but hey that's fine Haidee
tqk eggs I'm not even try and pronounce
that that's great says hi guys way
off topic but I was wondering what were
your thoughts on removing ghost images
from monitors and TVs tried a few things
but no luck yet oh I'm sorry
thanks for any tips
never I've never really had this problem
okay but the image burned into the
screen is what I believe they're talking
about yeah yeah yeah
Mike Mike well my grandmother had that
problem she had this old giant ancient
TV yeah and the WGN logo was I can
permanently burned the bottom corner of
course it would be great yeah but I
think was there to the TV died yeah
that's you're gonna have a lot more luck
with a Google search my friend I've also
never dealt with that I try my hardest
to make sure the screen savers come on
in time the TV GaN logo oh yeah what's
the most boss you guys I've
ever faced in a game the orphan of cause
is certainly is currently making me
question what I'm doing with my life oh
is that the one that's just the electric
goop monster no the orphan of cost is
the is the final final boss of the DLC
okay oh and he saw I have not faced any
of the later bosses of the DLC yeah no I
faced Ludvig that was it oh yeah yeah no
the orphan of cost will make you
question everything you know about
blood-borne like none of the other get
of the rest of the game matters none of
the rest of the game is as difficult as
the orphan of cost okay yeah and I don't
I did because blood-borne is so hard I
don't know whether or not the orphan of
cost is fair or not because that's kind
of the game but yeah the orphan is
a son of a bitch and because of the
level there's no real good cheese option
here it's just you got to get good and
get good hard
I get good hard not good and hard that's
a whole different thing just good hard
but it's good all right so it's not a
boss if it's good hard is it is
it a boss
it's it's bordering you you you wouldn't
be familiar with this but I think a game
that's got real bosses yeah
Ninja Gaiden - okay the might be
Nintendo version but the the Xbox 360
version okay
very specific yeah well cuz there's a
good to place a lot differently in the
first one first one's got some difficult
but I still think good boss fights so
ultimately fair most most of the boss
fights a Ninja Gaiden 2 are just kind of
battles of attrition meaning
what
just spam the attack there's no real
good in same time it's just
fights almost all around all right
that's fair
you just gotta keep spamming a tag and
hope your health holds out long enough
yeah I'm healing to tank it yeah yeah
I'm trying to trying to think of I'm
trying to think of a game situation
where a boss came in and it completely
changed how the game was played for just
one boss and you're like latin latin but
i it's hard for me to think of this
stuff like that well I could just be a
change of pace you know that's
necessarily oh yeah like I'm
thinking of stuff it like Psycho Mantis
in Metal Gear Solid do you remember the
psycho made that's not I
was weird weird
messed with the control has kind of
needed but it was weird
where's Witcher 3 already we're about
halfway done with the download so give
me five more minutes thank you whoever
gifted Jack to the other DLC they really
do appreciate it and and I've been
trying to I've been trying to sneak a
little with your time here there I had
to make a rough call last night where
you know it's like I really gotta really
gotta finish records here I really need
to finish that so I had to put down the
witcher 3 unfortunately no streams not
ending we're waiting for a download just
waiting for a download excuse me it's
gonna be Ludvig and blood-borne with no
weapons and only and it only took 40
minutes that's the part of that I have
mode the most trouble believing just the
time I just I love it people this is
this is the great thing about Pete what
people do with like free time on their
hands this is what I'm saying about like
the joy of getting bored it's like ah
let's beat Ludwig with no weapons
it let's do something dumb see that's
not bored that's just an additional
challenge to extend your your the
replayability of a game you love right
but that that wouldn't come you don't do
that just because you're born oh I think
you do I think I think you're so bored
of other games that you only want to
play blood-borne and so you need to find
something to make blood-borne
interesting so you do something dumb I
think it's a game you love yeah you've
done everything else there is to do in
that game yeah and this is something
that's weird it's funny and it's a lot
of bragging rights if you could do it
it's like it's like a lot of bragging
rights to like a dozen people like you I
was impressed oh oh I'm very impressed
but there's more than a dozen people but
like if you go to a job interview and
put
that on your resume you're not gonna
like put on a resume like I like
building gingerbread houses you know I
think you find the right boss he's gonna
be super impressed by that forty minutes
40 minutes you barehanded dude Jesus cry
know what you know you got the skills
look at that that shows a lot of
commitment dedication dedication these
and that's that's the future boss that's
the boss of the future yeah that boss
he's not gonna be impressed by
gingerbread houses all right okay I'm
sick of you making fun of my gingerbread
houses rich they're fun to build and you
can eat them what's the problem what
does rich his greatest gaming
achievement well this is well before we
stream but I did be Ninja Gaiden Sigma
okay the PlayStation 3 version on normal
no depth
nice yeah I mean that was impressive to
me that was impressive doesn't count
because there's no recording I know
whatever I did it for me yeah I did for
me out of out of the things that count
obviously not left for dead
Dead Rising Dead Rising no death Ronnie
perfect yeah perfect
yeah no death you know I think it's
pretty good I don't have any of these
achievements really just because I don't
play games like that but that's fine
that's fine bill hecka says bill la eka
I'm correcting you a lot tonight Jack
great thanks but Time Warner doesn't own
spectrum back in o8 Time Warner spun off
Time Warner Cable becoming two separate
companies charter bought Time Warner
Cable about two years ago and merged
becomes spectrum 18 T bought Time Warner
what same same reason that now different
people have the rights to Star Trek
movies to Star Trek TV shows are
you telling me it's all
everything's all the time
I am chat I am glad mal radical that you
thought the dr1 no death run was amazing
but trust me thank God a ninja I
didn't know Ted that's oh yeah that's a
that takes him that takes some patience
take some skill jack well some patience
to know I'm not there anymore but I
really had to be in the zone at the time
to do that hmm I came was not easy
I do you think you could do it again
Dead Rising maybe maybe someday Dead
Rising just required strategy timing you
know patience does not require
amazing reflexes we're forgetting about
another major rich achievement here huh
the FTL no pause wrong oh yeah I was
pretty cool that was wicked
that was pretty wicked that was a wicked
run I I surprised myself
yeah I fully expected to die that night
yeah well I think I named the ship the
doom yeah yeah dude the already dead
right yeah yeah we I didn't after the
game Doom but he's bad Lena that because
they were doomed
yeah it was doom there's no pause
there's no way that's gonna work
whoops yeah yeah yeah that's a great
achievement I wonder how common that is
the FTL no pause run I've seen somebody
doing why
that's where I got the idea oh okay
great no pause first try that's true
that's true would we ever play no man's
sky again no no I'll play I'll play that
other game that seems to be no man's sky
but better the the toy spaceship game
with Star Fox star little okay yeah star
link looks like a neat game cuz it looks
like I can actually do something in the
game
I suppose way as opposed to no man's guy
oh okay okay
star link looks like for a second
because I was thinking of that what was
another rogue like spaceship game you're
playing with all the asteroids
everywhere and I was bitching because
space wouldn't have that many asteroids
literally everywhere oh yeah yeah the
one though the roguelike oh what
was that game I don't remember that was
not a bad game chance ever space oh
that's it ever space Oh Chet you kind of
just a little bit after rich did ever
space yeah that was fun that was a fun
game no no the StarLink looks like
they've they finally someone has finally
rented the no man's sky planet
generation engine and then they put a
good game on top of it yeah you know we
could actually like do something with
the spaceships fight people that'd be
nice do some stuff rich how the hell do
you mean XCOM - what no deaths that game
is hard well then I certainly didn't do
it I'm at first it's kept yeah at some
point once once your troops are all good
and it kind of snowballs in your favor
yeah you have better troops cuz you
haven't lost anybody and then once you
start getting better equipment that that
also helps positive feedback loop yeah
yeah positive feedback loop yeah
did you guys see the $27,000 pack
you can buy for StarLink they're gonna
make so much money like so much money
nerds love spaceships you can't seem to
spit the last boss and Dead Rising to
death you need here's the trip you need
to drink the Spitfire before you get
into the Jeep at the end of the game cuz
after the Jeep section once you get on
the tank for the final battle you lose
on your inventory items stay a little
bit a little bit before right before you
get in the drink in the Jeep you drink
that and it should still be active after
the Jeep chase okay and then you have
the Spitfire on the boss and that's how
you take health down on the boss with
the Spitfire and the spinning mad spit
out Tips & Tricks
here I'm pre prep my rookies always die
yep that's the downside to the positive
reinforcement loop we're very sorry play
the seventh okay we already played the
7th guest you I'm not playing to
you which way do we go now
triste up in here yeah down
there tone says hey Jack hey question
for you Yahweh so many people hate
listening to recordings in their voice
as it does not sound like what we expect
since you have to edit yourself
constantly and you've gotten used to the
sound of your own voice on recordings
yes that must be the case of me because
whenever I've watched like something I'm
in bed Pregracke or best of the worst or
whatever it doesn't sound weird to me
well I haven't even thought of it well
and you've been listening to your voice
on tape for significantly longer than I
have yeah yes you I mean you've been
making videos with Mike since the
beginning of times right and space so
for you is it just has to be second
nature at this point I guess I handy I
hadn't even really thought of it
like I didn't really start hearing my
idea I was never in front of the camera
basically until best of the worst yeah
yeah cuz I'm like I always shot stuff
okay guys behind I was yeah
so like I'd performed you know like I've
been on stage many many times but I had
never been in front of the camera
talking but you know yes you get used to
it so spewpa getting pie one of the rare
times where you were on camera then
before you know best of the worst and
all that
oh yeah but I mean I'm on camera for
what like to session uh --then exactly
exactly like that the little the little
bit that I did in the Grabowski right
like I I was never an on-camera person
so yeah rich isn't supporting a new look
so much as he just wasn't too lazy to
get his haircut today you did it
yeah congratulations thank you thank you
what's there a voice packs for me and
now on XCOM - that would be that would
be too weird I don't meet a character to
have my voice that would just be too
weird yes yes that would be very weird
guys we're at 90% we're at 90%
downloaded you're doing it Jack oh
really you are doing it I really want to
play I'm so excited to play I I I'm
happy that uh that I did this and I'm
even happier that I did this not on
stream totally that which anyone
who plays The Witcher knows what I'm
talking about that uh that blonde which
I forget her name
totally boned her your kids watching god
I could
they were watching earlier though and I
could sense it going that direction and
I knew there was sex in the game so I
was like and you guys are done that is
so creepy the kids away so he can watch
the sex scene in his video game I waited
until they were they're gonna be telling
a therapist about that no they were in
bed they didn't and I turned the volume
way down
hey she gives you dinner first she does
she took me out on a nice date she was
she took me out a nice date made me a
very nice meal and then you know then
she then she witch drugged me and tried
to steal some from the haunted
Tower okay and then I stopped her from
stealing the so it was a it was it
was a it was a adorable little side
quest to the witch what does Lisa
think about this luckily she did not
walk into my office for that how
embarrassed oh no I wouldn't have been
embarrassed at all I would have had a
little bit of explaining to do honey sit
down but we need to have a talk this
isn't I yeah it isn't porn this is not
pornography I know it looks like
pornography but this is not pornography
this is an adult interactive video game
experiences of but not that kind of
adult this is a story it's part of a
bigger thing honey going on why do you
look disappointed why is it because of
the video game sex yeah yeah I kind of
thought that all right we'll see you
later
how's your nudity oh yeah yeah that's
twitch handle that that's a good
question
yeah like if I what if I accidentally
come across another sexy yeah I don't
know all right we're fun all right
Jonty says hi guys ever play the Ratchet
and Clank games yeah oh good because I
haven't have any thoughts I would
recommend the third one that's the game
take it to its max potential at my
opinion vertigo the first one felt like
the Deb's we're still trying to find
their feet oh I can you turn the game on
what oh oh sure turns the gala so

[Part III]
turns the gala so rad shot and clunk
watch shots and clunk oh yeah I got some
new armor and I got some oh my god and I
got some swords I got some new armor and
some swords I spent a lot of time since
the latins last planes game just kind of
fucking around looking for stuff he was
great fought a couple things had a great
time this game is great Ratchet and
Clank I was crazy unimpressed by it I
played like yeah one of them and and was
super unimpressed it's it's yeah I don't
get it I don't get the Ratchet and Clank
love so I'm sorry
that's like Mario with guns right yeah
Mario 3d with guns yeah yeah I played
jak 2 which was like that I wasn't very
impressed
yeah the jak and Daxter series yeah yeah
that wasn't the worst thing I ever
played but didn't didn't really do it
for me yeah I finally found an armor
that that finally doesn't look like I'm
wearing a skirt that was really
important to me in my armor selection so
this is some decent armor looks weird
without the skirt yeah it looks good I
got some nice swords I got some sick-ass
swords but somehow girlier than armor
with a skirt you think
look at my champs man I'm ready for some
horse riding I got some nice champs okay
what am I gonna do
what am i what am i doing that's the
this is the question what am i doing
where's the soothsayer I could go fight
the sergeant yeah let's go fight the
sergeant okay
hunchback jack says really enjoying the
stream gents just FYI
it's just FYI Jack my screen name
hunchback
Jack started life as a D&D character I
created or 30 years ago he died in his
first adventure though oh I'm sorry
sorry for you pathetic D&D character I
mean he was a hunchback
maybe he's maybe his movement was
limited but his memory lives on really
it's true it's true
sure button
how much sympathy do you feeling for
somebody losing their first dear deed
character is it less sympathy than you
feel towards a friend of yours who has
recently lost a beloved pet is it less
sympathy than that Jack I I have it's
about equal Lafayette Mississippi it's
about equal sympathy rich a few a few
days ago I come in here and I wasn't I
wasn't in the best mood you were still
coming off you're sick I had to put my
foot I had to put my fish down mm-hmm I
put one of my beloved fish down were the
first ones I got about it yeah I know I
wasn't that oh you were completely I was
like nothing is that you didn't even
realize that you should have some sort
of sympathy saying huh no I
I lost my one-eyed Daniel one of your
fish
what am I finished yeah I was really
rooting for that one mm-hmm well this
fish had had problems in the past we've
lost his eye or like over a year ago at
this point yeah
and we nursed him back to health from
bad it's a reason this reason we got our
other tag cuz he wasn't getting along
with the other fish right with the other
danios that's how we got injured that's
like you don't want to get out of there
first take anyway if my own just Karen
my the one was Karen's is decorated to
her specification which is all just dark
light all over the place no one's a bit
more natural in it cause I got another
take because this fish is my excuse yeah
gonna levitate go put him in there mmm
yeah yeah yeah right this is health
recently took a downturn we had to put
him down
I felt bad I felt really bad
I know I know I know with with would you
like III can attempt to fake it but I
yeah I did in jail I can't listen I
understand people love their animals I I
have strong feelings towards my animals
but you know on the scale of on the
scale of like is sympathy for animals
loss which is already relatively low
fish is right at near the body knew you
would have that reaction but I kind of
expected you to fake sympathy I expected
you to fake it I was I was intrigued by
the fact that now like now fuck it I
don't care that was that was your
attitude what was intrigued you hadn't
had the fish for that long over here
over here alright in a fish in fish
terms right that's like 20 fish years
yeah but I don't give a fuck about fish
years like you have like in your in
human years you haven't had it for very
long right uh-huh but you know sounds
like you haven't had it for that long
Anna's fish is fish probably closer to
two I might have like a you the family
the the family dog that we've had since
I was a little kid of fifteen years like
oh yeah that's a friend I have fine I
aw, fucking fish okay
I'm sorry I'm very sorry for your loss
so there's the question of how do you
euthanize a fish oh yeah that see that's
pretty yeah yeah I'm just think like
like over a year ago when he initially
got his eye injury that's not what
killed him I think something happened to
his back his tail was like paralyzed so
he wasn't able to swim anymore
it was just fishy old age but had
nothing to do with his dam I don't think
when he first got injured I was having a
discussion with Karen I'm like what do
we do with this fish and it just came up
I asked her absentmindedly like we are
you euthanize a fish and just
coincidentally it was a coincidence but
that exact moment Karen had turned on
the sinks garbage disposal
I was shocked because I didn't know she
was fucking around with dishes I just
thought damn Karen that's heartless for
you honey you how do you euthanize a
fish Oh God
that's but but this came up again way
and she wasn't doing it as a joke he was
just no she was just coincidentally
using the garbage disposal as I asked
the question okay but since since it got
sick again
it came up how do we how do we put this
fish down and we went to the fish store
and the guy the fish store just said I
eat stick pair of scissors and you cut
its head off
and that is one it's not the one we want
with it actually is one of the
recommended methods of putting down a
fish is cutting animal if you do it
quick sure you're you fuck up the the
some of the other advice we got from
somebody else was you freeze it you just
put it in the freezer okay yeah yeah and
what what we ended up doing was the
other the other method clove oil which I
guess that uses a tooth anesthetic but
you you put them at a cup and not much
like a drop or so of clove oil mixed
with water you put that in the cup with
it yeah that kind of knocks the fish out
like it's not dead at that point you
could take it out of the water and it
would it would perk up once it's out of
the anesthetic water for a bit right but
after after you basically knock the fish
out you just pour a little bit of vodka
in there what that does the trick enough
- yeah - drunk them to death yeah well
it's probably not it's probably just the
alcohol on the gills right I mean
anything that replaces you know the
water and the blood yeah
then we froze it just just to make sure
we didn't fuck up
and I think the plan is a burial at sea
we're gonna send them out into the Lake
Michigan next time we we end up by the
lake
returning to the turning chain yes yeah
I like that I like that idea that's very
natural that's very hippie I dig it
better than Flushing r.i.p lemme lemme
there's a yellowish greenish fish like
lemony let me oh ok not not like after
the singer from motor no no sure no it
fits
fucked up face
bad bass
he had a very fucked up face
there's some wrong with his lip, too
as a levee great I got that to do send him
out a tiny burning Viking ship I could
do that oh I beat The Swamp Thing by the
way that thing I was having trouble with
last time I beat it and now the guy
needs to pay me so I gotta go back and
get paid see here yeah I'll keep this
story missions gone
we all right P let me yeah I think we
like we've talked about kind of my
Calais relationship with animals in the
past and I I don't mean I don't I don't
want to sound like I'm devoid of all
emotion for all animals but you know I
just have a you grew up at a farm i well
and I just have a healthy understanding
of death and animals are tools for you
to use
I also under eye ah so understand the
emotional attachment that you humans
have to the creatures so don't want to
be fully devoid but also you know I have
not read any of the Witcher books no I
probably would not enjoy you can't you
can't answer that question there in the
chat okay well that was what that was
that wasn't a tip never mind please um
please disregard that if you if everyone
could forget that I answered that
because I don't want to just answer
questions from the chat see I know that
because I saw that too yeah cuz it was a
good question and I was going to ask you
well as soon as we finished our thought
oh I'm sorry raised I took that away
from you they weren't asking us about
this obscure anime that neither of us
have ever heard about 50 times and
wondering why we don't respond and we're
going to respond about the anime that
we've never heard of anime who's that
talking about no I saw I haven't read
any of the books I know I have a good
friend who is really into The Witcher
series he's played all of the Witcher
games obviously loves The Witcher 3 but
he's you know played all of them and has
been he's a hardcore you know he'd be
plays you know world warcraft and he's
just a hardcore geek RPG player and he
has been recently he got a couple of The
Witcher books for his wife as as an
insidious way to get her into the game
Oh My gods
because he was a nice person well it's a
little bit of both you know she also she
likes to read and she likes she likes
fantasy stuff but he didn't necessarily
tell her of that you know a video game
series game right he's like oh yeah I've
heard these are good books in hopes that
she does get so into them down and I
thought that was really really sneaky
I feel sleazy I'm not gonna lie that
just feels sleazy I mean if it's a good
book it doesn't matter
she likes the book
alright time for some spring cleaning
yep Darkwing schmuck says I literally
just beat blood-borne DLC and do DLC at
all right now
oh I'm reading this all wrong oh wow
yeah here is the context of what they're
trying to say I didn't understand the
Potter
I literally just be blood-borne DLC and
all right now thanks PlayStation Plus
how bosses including orphan of cause I
started the new game+ and found out you
can equip Carol rooms at the table next
to the workbench just now go me I didn't
discover that so later myself but before
I beat the game
yeah
the runes
the fuck's wrong with you
it's sometimes you know some of the
things in blood-borne is a bit of obtuse
checkboxes can we have the doom whaddup
emote back pretty please
we promise to behave oh I need to update
that in general how's it going we have
to make room for something else and
something in something there's there's
actually a lot of like tiny stream
housekeeping stuff that I need to do are
under lay still I don't think our tips
and drivers are showing up because we
haven't done that on this computer yet
but I was busy you know playing the
games for the episode so I couldn't get
to them Dogen okay there there is some
stream housekeeping stuff that I need to
do yes I will look into the doom mo
ratio Sultana and the chat sang the
writer of The Witcher is super salty
about having sold the video game rights
without royalties because he didn't
respect games and now they overshadow
his books yes I would absolutely believe
that oh if that is true
but I'm also like you know one hindsight
CD Projekt RED just give him a sympathy
royalty shock but I'm also sure that
because the game is so popular he has
seen a significant surge in book sales
as as the the number of Americans who
know about The Witcher went from
probably nothing to many many the I want
to say like the The Witcher series of
books was relatively unheard of outside
of Poland like they were huge in Poland
I'm not shocked but polish folklore
specifically exactly so like as soon as
you went anywhere outside of Poland it
was like lat who's a what can be worse
could be Soviet bloc Poland under
Russia's control forbid or my my just
thinking of the Nazis invading well no
like Poland was a was a communist occur
socially oh yeah yeah okay absolutely
yeah it could be worse than that seemed
nothing for anything
well did you some watch a documentary
no no unsaid the prior great like that's
kind of how the the head of the company
that's how he started he started
basically like dark back-alley importing
computer games because they couldn't get
in I remember you telling me about this
and like that's where the company got
its start from because technically
speaking they couldn't buy computer
games so they had to kind of get a
little gray area with it the the the no
clip documentary on on said the project
end The Witcher is fantastic and they
kind of go into that like the the dark
days of communism in Poland
he hates it because of the bad
association of video game books lots of
publishers you screenshots of the game
for covers which is his specific gripe
he just wants his books to stand on
their own they says the blazing sloth I
mean they stood on their own enough for
people to fall in love with them and
make a game out of them that count and I
understand the games do their own thing
right don't they take place after the
books oh do they I could be wrong on
that I could be wrong on that I don't
know
I am correct okay good
I'm correct oh and so they don't even
use his stories well he uses universe
famous characters right but they don't
use his stories I mean listen you got it
you got a roll with these punches
sometimes it's like the continuing
Adventures of Captain Ahab find that
shark no right done with a whale I I
think there's that's this is a situation
where you know you gotta you gotta be
you gotta you have to be if you if you
want a profit off of the the fortunate situation
fuck
let them, let them use the the video game art for your cover
that'll sell more books some kid who
plays the the game doesn't know nothing
goes into Barnes and Nobles suddenly
sees girls on a cover a book he goes
they make books out of these huh
how do we feel about which your book
spoilers girl lives
I bid one a very big one okay I don't
care you don't care I'm never gonna read
a Witcher book what was the one thing
you've just said a girl lives I've heard
he doesn't but he's here and someone of
the check got on me from my camp Captain
Ahab reference because Captain Ahab dies
the end of Moby Dick I know I think
Captain Ahab for a reason
oh ah interesting
seems dandelions taking the tavern
business seriously if you only knew
gives it everything no seen him this
obsessed ever seems when he inherited
this fine establishment it came with
some and his death is bullshit
hmm not a bad idea dandelions pretty
loose lift
resulting wait this is inverse and you
figure that's unnatural
because wonderful meet me back here when
you're done
share our findings the beginning of
Witcher 1 is him having amnesia after
his apparent death so he addresses it in
the games oh I see and like I'm all
putting it together now so like another
reason why the author is pissed like ok
like hey I could see that I told my
stirring someone's like yeah right yeah
we didn't captain Ahab's alive now yes
exactly
alright it's all coming into focus
I get you I mean he sold the rights all
people don't know what video games are
they don't understand that it's a huge
thing well and more that they might have
like a storytelling in a video game when
I'm sure when the author of The Witcher
was told they wanted to make a video
game he was thinking like Geralt would
be running around jumping over barrels
oh if he thought of that at all remember
this is this is communist Poland right
like he was like yeah yeah you're gonna
give me money good you're gonna do what
I don't care
and again like night like I said that's
a situation where he should that's a
that's what you need to roll with the
punches like all right I don't I don't
have a way to continue to make money off
of this plot hopefully this mean more
book sales maybe we can do something - I
got a lot of crap in my stash true blue
review says I really want to get into
the witcher 3 enough that i already
bought it but I feel like I'm missing
something for not playing the first two
from what I've heard they're not as
great are there any game series where
that applies or is it just movies I
don't I really you know with anything
especially is anything with a especially
with anything that takes as much time as
playing a video game takes I don't think
you should be expected to play the first
game to enjoy the later games and with
the technological advances made since
the first Witcher I don't think it's
unreasonable well I don't I don't see
playing like Mass Effect 3 or 2 without
being familiar with one mmm or one you
know - without being familiar with one
or three without being familiar with two
or one sure well and I mean I
oan I think that would attract my own
counter argue why am I going I don't
know if what The Witcher is the same
well why tell me it's not my own counter
argument going against what I just said
is the start of this game you're talking
to people who you don't know if you
haven't played the earlier games looking
for someone who you don't know getting
helped by someone you don't know okay
who are all good friends of yours
quote-unquote and so the beginning of
this game was a little confusing to me
if I'm being honest there's three of
them back there if I'm being honest the
beginning of this game was a bit
confusing for me but I will say that
I've heard the witcher 2 is pretty damn
good
one might be the iffy one but okay
two was hot shit when two came out
oh good
you weren't a PC gamer so you weren't
that familiar exactly yeah III remember
it was hot shit when it was out when I
was but it was new then get to it man
hello Oh kids excuse me most of the
people weren't even in Whichard
two-on-one though a lot of the
characters in this game have only been
in the books and this game Dumbo cut kid
hmm how old are you again in that case
wait a few years and I'll tell you
children what's the meaning of this next
question is he true witches kill kings
a man cursed who's turned into a monster
which you might have to kill even if
he's a king what's it like to cut off
someone's head
that's great
fucking kids
fucking kids
the funny thing is the beginning of this game is all about
finding yennefer but neither previous
game in the series features her and
barely reference her oh well that was my
big problem is like the whole start of
this game like we're looking for
yennefer
and i'm like who the fuck is yennefer
and then and now we're like now
I'm looking for ciri pays to read a book
Jack apparently and I'm just like Syria
you know at least Syria is a featured in
the tutorial of the game and so like her
I had some grasp on who it was but yeah
I like yennefer oh oh you know my past
with the ennifer like that was one of
the lines is like who the yennefer
you know what I'm talking about
and I'm sitting here playing going what who who what who
fuck it all
fuck it all, man
fuck it all
it's great and you thought you were
confused because you didn't play the
second one exactly I really assumed that
I was confused but apparently it's just
weird structure and pacing and writing
mold that was his interest when his hand
abandoned my need appointed a figure of
pensee
see then der Leyen after fungus incident
no I even cruise all about and gulps
amnesia you can't remember much that's
not fun is it is amnesia ever a trope in
videogame writing that will ever die
there's what amnesia as a tutorial trope
in videogames that's fine nothing wrong
with a good amnesia story excuse me it's
one of those things I know they need to
they need to find a way to show that you
know show the the player how to play a
game and if you're someone like girls
who's like already a master then it's
like wow let me show you how this is
done
am i running away again it feels like
I'm running away again gosh dang it
captain president says hey Richard Jack
I'm Jack have you ever heard of Dragon
Age Origins I've heard of it
it is a Bioware EA game but each game is
basically self-contained stories and the
series doesn't leave you with epic
disappointment like Mass Effect thanks
again for the content you're welcome
you're welcome I just found a secret
note left by his pirate
hello
I, so, you know
oh, shit
when you're when you're near something that
your Witcher sense can can detect the
controller rumbles a little bit yeah one
of the an actual useful rumble feature
and and I looked around and there was a
little there's a little note hidden in
that brick over there looks around with
my with my Batman detective vision this
is all swords or their ever like bows
and arrows in this game I have a
crossbow I'm a bank okay and I can throw
grenades or other things and of course I
can use my magic but yeah I use my
crossbow bit
most of the combat swords a lot of
thorns reach town woman yeah get out my
way
wellthen townsman dick rich townsman by
and I'm knocking to every one of you
power to the people
YouTube boy do you go to your way to
mispronouncing geralt to fuck with the listeners
after repeatedly saying it in
the game you know what I always it's as
a girl turd Geralt and that's the thing
like it was it's it's one of those
things were in my head it's not
pronounced the way I think it is and I
keep forgetting which way it's
pronounced and so I think I actually
fought I think I probably have said it
correct and incorrect on multiple
occasions you think you flip-flop I
think so which way is supposedly correct
is it Gerald or Galt
it's Geralt Geralt and what am I saying
oh because I'm saying girls yeah that
just might be my what do you call it
when you just lazily pronounce something
okay that just might be me being ladies
called Wisconsin
to life
oh
i tried to lie
oh, good
oh, shit
never mind
bad idea bad idea bad idea
whoopsie oops say you lost all your
money I lost some coin to lose all my
coin no I said I just lost some I still
have fun what are you doing look at this
guy and that is kind of how the books
end by the way look at this guy
not either he's very short or he's not
quite where he should be
Dorf this is the Dorf guard here look at
that whoopsie dupes I'd like to report a bug
all right
i gotta fucking get into the fucking thing now
jump the wall
if only I was in the breath of the wild
I'd crawl over this thing dang it
got to find a back entrance are the
guards actually beatable oh yeah yeah I
beat him I though those guys were those
guys are tough customers yep but no I've
beaten up some guards before
shit
oh, yeah
all right
great
I want to go here
everything's fine Oh
qualified bard says The Witcher ends
like hitchhiker because the author was
just done with it
yeah I kind of just wish Douglas Adams
never made mostly harmless yeah yeah as
an evil monster right there right yeah
oh, shit
there's more of them
fuck
fuck
person in chat
I don't I don't see Skyrim winning out over the Witcher for Jack's attention
nope not even a little bit my friend I
disguise Skyrim I get it and I'm glad
that I played a bit of it and then while
I was playing Skyrim I just kept on
thinking how much I like with a Witcher
better and I'm very sorry
found a little little secret area what
are you doing in here how can I not read
your book why can't I read your book
thoughts on sucker Road not being an RPG
why would you think it would be an RPG
what what kind of that's the the samurai
one from the dog smells people right oh
yeah yeah
you can try and claim the dark soul
games they're an RPG as much as you want
you're still talking out of your ass
just because there's a leveling system
it's an RPG right
that's kind of underwhelming I should be
able to read that book if Dark Souls is
an RPG the term RPG has officially lost
all relevance and we need to just retire
that as a thing in video games yes I
agree with that statement
if the ability to level up certain
aspects of your character is the only
thing that qualifies it to be an RPG
then then we're done then we got we got
to call it something else a level e
something else this probably isn't the
way I'm supposed to go to get to that
lady
but I found a sewer so I'm down here
what else makes an RPG an RPG III think
it's an interesting discussion to have
in this modern age of video games the
the term might might be outdated and
useless no III think there are still
many fine role-playing games a game in
which you can make character decisions
and you play a role the the
unfortunately it's a really broad term I
think I've had this conversation with
many nerds in the past and a lot of
people will argue that you know Madden
football is one of the greatest RPGs
ever made because you get to like run
your own football team that's that's
fine at all but then just the term RPG
really is it useful exactly if you use
because once you can describe everything
as an RPG then you could just leave the
RPG label out because it has no it has
no use it doesn't a meaning it isn't a
function right it doesn't it doesn't
tell you anything right about the game
if Madden is an RPG
so no point playing hard to get sugar
put its lady god off sugar
I gotta find a way in
nope nope nope isn't an RPG one in which
you create a character who has
attributes strength dexterity etc that
develop and grow as you play the game
like doom like doom 2016 you have
attributes that you could develop is
that true yeah I'm trying to remember
it's been away you've been while since
we play do you can you can you get the
upgrades for your suit is that really
attributes though or is that's just
enough it's close enough
doom 2016 is the greatest RPG ever made
I mean if we're gonna buy strict
definitions role-playing as the doom
Slayer is great yes you can't create the
doom Slayer no you'd never see the do
Blair's face you do create the doom
Slayer a theater of the mind be anything
you want man if creating the character
is important to the definition of an RPG
then what the fuck is Final Fantasy's
where your characters can I think we
need to retire the RPG label adjusts
adjust RPG RRP are there's a lot of
people who want a lot of different
definitions and I don't know man
I don't know how you saved that label oh
yeah I mean move it to attribute instead
of pure label
that's a JRPG okay very different so you
put the J in front what it's really
shitty yeah
you're my new instructor he went out of
his way this time well something was
described as being an RPG 30 years ago
mm-hmm you knew the type of game you're
going to get an example
Final Fantasy sure Dragon's quest yeah
yeah or earthbound
right
I'm beating up a woman who I want to
help me but I have to beat her up in
order for her to help me
ow
fuck
and she's kind of kicking my ass
I'm not actually instructor the og
Fallout Ultima sure sure those were all
JRPGs well what was a Western RPG from
that era
eighties very early 90s was there wasn't
there one that appeared on a console I
don't know if there wasn't RPG on a
console I mean Western right
Baltar's games bothers Kate that damn
old and I'm not familiar enough with
baldur's gate to tell you how a place
he wasn't you had some sort of
relationship why are we restricting to
consoles just my own personal curiosity
hmm I know there are some old DD games
like official DD licensed games but it's
just my own personal curiosity when
thinking about it was there a Western
made JRPG unlike the NES
no not a Western JRPG just a Western RPG
on the NES or the early days of this
mess I'm just curious if that happened
and what game it was really thing Ultima
was that a Western RPG like I have no
idea okay
I saw the name it's kind of a sidetrack
oh sure
I'm really not trying to make a point
into that I was just
I thought you needed help
yeah kind of curious that the skin
textures are identical or if they gave
one like different thought marks or
something that was the first time I've
had to make a decision under a timer
yeah that was so that was weird
geralt by the way and I think like I
want to say Geralt like Gerald and so
like I know to say Geralt
but then my brain confuses it and I go
no no I want to say Geralt but that's
wrong so it's definitely Geralt which is
what I've been saying Geralt okay it's
very good it's hot it's so not a nun
it's an unusual name Geralt well then
it's because it's because it's unusual
then it's not gonna sound like gerald
because it's unusual right Geralt the
gray you're a good girl so I'll figure
it out
you just don't remember that the unusual
one is the proper pronunciation and
you'll get it you'll get a jack
or you could just say his name like however the fuck you want
because who really gives a shit
honestly
it's just me playing the game
it doesn't matter
been a pleasure oh yeah ladies I'm gonna
bone that lady
panini
is that Darrell pronounced just like gif
or Gerald, pronounced just like gif
and it says geralt like gif
how you're supposed to pronounce it
you're supposed to pronounce it like gif
eh
I, look
I disagree--
I am with you
yeah
on the gif thing
the gift thing all right
oh, yeah
it fucking should be gif
in any sane world, it's gif
yeah
because the g is for graphic
of course
but the person who fucking made the extension for whatever stupid fucking reason
decided it was supposed to be pronounced gif
so, officially it's gif
I'm sorry
you should be
it's gonna run into this captain a few
more times yeah I got in I got in no
he's wrong what if I what if I started
insisting that your baby's name was
supposed to be pronounced like sera sera
sera
well that bug you if I just insisted
that my way was the proper way to do it
Sara yeah and Sara's brother Joel Joel
do feel free do Gil free yes feel free
it's nice to meet you look yo free I
like that idea free
yes what how do you play for high stakes here
oh, fucking Gwent
dammit, no
I solved the exclamation point
I thought it was a quest I could pick up really quick
it's just a Gwent
what if the person who created the gift is just fucking with everybody
like they know
he's just, he's just being a fucking troll
because he knows it's
obviously a gift
what's a gift the bud technically
speaking he has the power and so he's
like you know you know how it's actually
pronounced it's cut it's pronounced half
the G is silent and I get to say that I
get to have that power here that that'd
be great
I would actually I would appreciate that
that'd be funny I mean he invented the
gift so that trolls would have gifts to
post right right
terrible
cat demon I'm running away from the one
again it's hard to find things right for
my peace of mind let Jack know you can
visit a barber to get new hairstyles and
beards Jack do you want new hairstyles
and beards I am aware that I can visit
barber to get new hairstyles and beers
yes but look at that that's kind of
badass you know the band the barber is
right there and I don't think I want to
say I want to say I went in there and
nothing really appealed to me maybe he's
good to get new ones after a while
stuck in a visited the barber once have
I gotten a haircut before maybe like can
you get the beard I'm just gone you can
shave it yeah weird yeah shave a beard
the other games
i don't even fucking know
no
shaved head and ponytail
oh, shit
I think I just ordered it I wanted a preview
I wanted a preview hey you know what
listen that's pretty classy that's not
bad that's pretty classy Jack I like the
beard though I'm gonna keep the beard
let's see what that looks like yeah you
know what this fairly hip look at that
that's what all the kids are wearing
nowadays all right
allow it but I think it does grow like
it grows out like on its own yeah really
I think so huh
he doesn't have a beard any other games
okay
this baronet's love let's dinner
shouldn't interest you
the Baroness don't mingle with just
anyone don't worry I'm here to see a
chambermaid Molly kill him
they're in my way geralt of rivia at my
doorstep
greetings Baroness greetings general
you're right I'm here for a reason
there's no mistaking you an imperial
general under which a meet
what yeah we had an opportunity to talk
when the emperor summon you belonged
when you accept my invitation tell me
what brings me looking for a girl named
Molly when she works here my made sense
I'm afraid she's why would they make
growth a feature in a game it's fun fun
detail yeah makes it annoying if you
want to be clean-shaven in the game but
it would make it annoying if it you
wanted to be clean-shaven but it would
also add a lovely sense of time passage
yeah you know we're we're you know like
let's say I get my hair cut I get all
clean-shaven and then I go out into the
wilderness and I just start fucking around
and after a while is I'm sure I
gotta shoot oh my I've been out in the
wilderness for a while like it would be
a real natural way to reinforce that
like how long you've been out like some
kind of elf what you're gerald
these are elf or something I don't
believe he doesn't have the pointy elf
ears but he's a mutant yeah that's why
he has his eyes
witcher's are mutants like the x-men yes
that's how he gets his extra Witcher
senses and he can use magic and shit
so, no
not an elf
a mutant
let's see here yeah
look look there we go
as a human who has undergone chemical
alterations yeah yeah he's a mutant he's
one of them mutants like the toxic
adventure exactly
oh, shit
I see where this quest takes me because
we should wrap up pretty soon yeah oh my
god yeah yeah I've gone out of the city
now with these fancy people looking for
a handmade
grayza nice color versus too
my coins in the Black Stallion em rot
purists The Guardian stock surprised it
didn't salute you general
if I will play this game just please
start in a long stream yeah that happens
sometimes I'm curious about the service
The Witcher series yeah it's you know
it's it's a it's a neat world you know
me and I dig me my monster designed a
lot of nice monsters neat combat and and
one of those open worlds you know like
so many games yeah just fuck around yeah I
turn it down because racketeering was
kind of obnoxious because rekha tier was
was full of the anime yeah
yeah sure let's race why not wouldn't
mind seeing if your knowledge of horses
translates into writing skills well
which Steve do you choose which
heard tales of Zurich Keaney and horses
alright the bay I'll not ride with you
but I shall bet on a steed Nimrod will
win no matter the rider cantarella for
me then I see no point in delay let's
begin I've never been in a horse race
before people always complain about the
combat in this clip so I've heard it's
one reason I'm reluctant try and get
into it they complain about the combat
yeah I don't know what it's like in
other games but uh digs it and it might
just be talking about The Witcher in
general I don't I don't know that it's
specifically just three you know it
could be a little tough to faster come
on you dink nope
I can be a little tough to wrap your
head around but especially fighting
other humans with weapons is great
because they have this whole countering
system if you put down your heavy
storm's to be less waiting for the horse
to have to worry about right you're all
I'm just trying to block him right now because
you're a fucking dick
Motta stay well I'm
not a stamina I want to win I give it a
really nice saddle don't win
don't ride your fucking horse so hard
there we go
i won
for one for whom every horse is a roach
you carry yourself exquisitely and
suddenly my congratulations that is
yours goddamn right it is now I'm gonna
do my saddle you know you know what he's
thinking cuz it's what I'm thinkin who
I'm gonna sell that for some money I
already I already got me a nice saddle
that holds a lot of shit cuz I'm a
Witcher and I need shit that saddle
that's not gonna hold shit I'm gonna
sell it I'm gonna get a bunch of money
alright that we can we can save it here
I mean but no the combats nice it's it
takes a little bit to get used to and of
course if you run across a monster
that's just wildly out of your leagues
you're gonna get you're gonna get
smooshed but uh I don't know what it was
like in past games but in this one which
I remember you once saying that Geralt
seemed very bland deal after saying it
through jack forbid has your opinion
changed a bit I haven't I've been paying
that much attention to what Jack is
doing but I don't necessarily knowing
that having a generic badass as a
character is the worst thing in the
world right very generic I'm the tough
guy listen that's not in itself terrible
no no and and you know there there's
enough fun decision-making where if you
want to play something like a jerk yeah
you can do that if you want to be kind
it can do that too so there's there's
enough choice involved in what kind of
badass he is were even though he's got
he's gruff McMillan Terry you know it's
it's there's some character in there
do ya do marine is a generic pet house
because these do marinas over to the is
over the top at the point where I think
he surpasses being a generic address
well the is this such a gross extreme
like badassery the dead it's become its
own thing the doom Slayer
I might go as far as to say the doom
Slayer does not have a personality the
do marine is such a badass that he
became immortal and decided he was going
to kill demons forever in hell that is
something that is so over the top it
surpasses just being a generic badass
I'm sticking with the the do marine
cannot be a badass because the do marine
is no character he is just raw power
yeah he's nothing is more primal yeah
okay there's no character there there is
just blood yes there's enough character
form that is a character and I think
you're discounting that you know no
remember the whole section of that game
where you have to delete Vega
you're basically have to kill the AI
debris in States it makes it back up
alright it's not just rage he's only he
only has the rage for the demons Jack I
you know what I just need to replay do
my guess yeah I guess you're right
alright close down the Witcher for me
okay all right
boink all right and blink all right now
oh I think oh yeah I worked on that I
think beefcake updated it with no III
found thing that made the font less
particularly oh you did it it got sent
to ridiculously small uh it might be
rude might have I might have
overcompensated but I can fix that great
all right now is the point of the stream
in which we thank all of you lovely
people who have subscribed to us during
this very long stream much like scary
gargoyle man who says while we wait for
the stream to begin I suppose this is a
good time to come up with a really
thoughtful message to leave for my two
favorite streamers a message so mind
blowing Lee creative that no one will
ever think of anything better
so here goes Leonard duro who says
thanks for me and thanks for inspired me
now then and always from a creator to
another thanks for existing saludos
you're welcome
SIGG's together for 16 months in a row
Peter Josh a piano Josh there we go I
like Peno Josh though babe yeah hey no I
my brain my weird brain reversed the a
in the eye and I read that his pain he
was clearly piano pain oh you know I
think pain oh is there Lappe
dog one sinnerman for twenty three
fucking months in a row actually we just
recently changed that to be the 24
months oh we did but it was that 23 and
he got his fucking a 23 and he's gonna
get it next month to 424 through so he
completely avoided the reverse fucking
for 20 months you fucked it up already
Zimmerman avoided getting unfucked on
refund whatever
says Zimmerman says have you seen the
poster for lens new movie featuring the
rlm crew as bikers I need to start
working out soon to get into that kind
of shape I have not seen this oh it's
cute it's there's there's kind of a like
a mock-up poster okay of other movies
working on and and there there's a biker
gang in there and it's clearly okay yeah
no I'm getting jacked already see you
later Len future future Jay says happy
Anniversary to me happy Anniversary to
me happy Anniversary happy Anniversary
to me and many more spooky Dookie that
is legal now right the happy birthday
yes okay that is work we're covered that
is now in public domain okay spooky
Dookie alpaca death trap for 16 months
in Roe says if you hack frauds don't get
killed by Leo Fung in let's lens next
movie I will be upset okay so will i
gulf coast ghost crazy Elvis did gently
ER for 21 months in a row because you
did get unfucked did it that was art was
that our first unfuck as our first
unfuckin congratulations dick gently ER
for being unfucked
so as always fun watching you guys do
this for some people who are obviously
confused right right this is we have a
system and we haven't explained their
slime in a while what oh sure go ahead
go ahead
alright when somebody subs it tells us
how many months they've been subscribed
for him and it first happened we debated
whether or not and whether or not we
should read all of the months for
everybody to and it was eventually
decided that you know what anybody who's
been sub for longer than a year will
read will read how many months it was oh
and then when we were young and naive
yeah the first time somebody got to 20
months that seemed like a big deal it
was I have 20 young and naive yeah so
instead of saying you know they instead
of just saying they've been subscribed
for 20 months in a
we made it 20 fucking months in a row
right and then by the time I got the 30
well then it was just getting insane
like no that's we're gonna be add way
too much shit to this we're gonna do it
yearly instead of every ten months a
little bit a little bit more time right
and then it became mother fucking months
in a row of course 36 months yeah but it
was weird because we started saying the
month at 12 at the year anniversary yeah
and then at 20 odd months for some
reason 20 we started saying 20 fucking
months right and then weighted to the
full three years before we did
mother fucking right and we just recently
decided you know what it makes more
sense and saner just to have it be just
annual just yearly it's 12 months 24
months and 36 and now 48 yeah of course
so so last month when I read dick gently
ER I said dick gently are for 20 fucking
months in a row but now since we've
changed our policy it's just 21 months
they lost they got unfucked just right
out like you know here's dick gentlyer
we'll take it out unfucked
it's just that easy
that's always fun watching you guys
especially at work I'm glad you don't
stream more because I couldn't keep up
rich when does the next episode of game
station come out you've been working on
that right my free time you know really
when you're done editing it prereqs
isn't free rec is o sake I was gonna go
a bit yeah sorry dick I tried to get him
a bit but he didn't want a bit HPG
valance for 16 months in a row so thank
you for being that ray of light in the
perpetual darkness you guys are great
and thank you for all the content you
have provided you're welcome Sean for
thirty three fucking months in a row
says Jack you should try path of Exile
it is free or tens of thousands of
dollars you fucks sounds familiar
path of Exile sounds familiar okay see
wat 57
Inc for 21 months in a row it's gonna be
tough like because now it's a little
muscle memory that's fine it's fine
rach23 a distracted
Darkwing schmuck for 14 months in a row
who says no it's not what they said no
no it's just late no like all of a
sudden it just hit me how late it was
Jack if you want to check out a nob
reapplies a movie where she plays a
character that isn't just her normal
chick check out Ingrid goes west it's
pretty great and she's fantastic in it
that is actually on my list of movies to
see yes I've heard really good things
about Ingrid goes west okay Buster in a
box mr. shields II proxy clams it's
always important to set your clams to
proxy that way you can you know I have
no idea what that would do well you know
that way you can like message somebody
else eat your clams that way you can
mess around with the clams you know in a
lower-resolution while the proxy clams
are off to the side though they'll get
there when it finish is Breen is God for
13 months in a rose as lucky 13th
anniversary thanks for the quality
content zombie shoes English course
Sarah says thanks for all the great
content you guys my favorite youtubers
thank you hot pants happy regrets
bulking barrel says who
Musker do new cooler nucular but there's
no you after the cutest nick ler I think
it's knuckler you think it's knuckler
and not like a plan nuclear no I think
it's just knuckler oh could be knuckler
it's fine either way
yeah it's fine Trotsky 1917 atomic
mousetrap for 21 months in a row mister
I love the ants says o homeopathy the
cure for everything that ails you except
for third-degree burns or anything you
physically
but you can cleanse you can have a
cleanse rich don't you think like oh I
just like I had this tea and I only
drank this tea after 11:00 for the past
three months and I feel like cleansed me
just have a glass of water just have a
glass of water that's the same thing but
this is the same this is the same
but this tea has Tibetan dirt in it
that's not homeopathy
be happening what that's not how we
happened you don't homeopathy is what's
ho-hum homeopathy oh yeah homeopathic
medicine you know what this is maybe I'm
thinking what am I thinking of I don't
know what you're thinking of you're just
thinking of some kind of herbal nonsense
what's homeopathy oh my god um alright
uh it's really weird and there's more to
it than this but basically you dilute
something to make it stronger so what
you do is you you get some aspirin
medicine instead of just using aspirin
and it wouldn't be aspirin there's some
kind of weird homeopathy were like
opposite cures like cures like rather
than like like if you wanted to cure
like an ache you would take something
that would in theory make you cause you
pain that's that's that's the other
weird thing that I don't understand as
much but I know here's the thing here's
what they do with watering shit down
they you like take a medicine mm-hmm and
you water it down like a thousand times
and then you take a drop of that and you
water it down a thousand times and then
you take a drop of that and you water it
down a thousand times and then you turn
it into a dried out you turn it into a
sugar pill so basically it's just a
sugar pill it's nothing there's none of
the actual original chemical in there
and then you sell that as the medicine
because because the water remembers the
property of the drug what yeah if I if I
might talk to you about James right we
talked about James Randi before oh of
course he debunked things and one of the
things he's debunked has been homeopathy
he went on stage to do a talk once and
at the beginning of his talk he
deliberately overdoses on homeopathic
sleep medicine
he just chugs the whole fucking bottle and
he does his big lecture the water
remember the water remembers the
properties of the chemical you put in
there originally
what a great scam no here's the best
thing about it
it's more potent the more you water it
down hallelujah it's hard like obviously
I'm disgusted right right but is it part
of you just a little impressed at the
balls of someone I know like some
huckster I know I all I can picture is
to hucksters they're having a
conversation on the best way to scam
people and they're like well we got this
one bottle of aspirin but we're not
gonna make our money back I know I will
water it down a little bit while you
can't water it down too much or else
they'll know it doesn't work and like I
want I want to meet that person I want
to meet that person that thought of the
water remembers because that's genius I
know I know and then it gets stronger
the more you water it down
that's fucking genius that's like I love
stories and I love fiction rich and
that's the greatest story the water
remembers club Fandango who says I think
it may be time to play some star control
too because water is natural you see
like that is that this is why I must
have gotten too mixed up with his
general like Bowl stuff right he's like
they're playing on that whole like isn't
nature the best policy I don't think a
lot of people understand how big a con
homeopathy is it's amazing yeah of
course
yeah course is a con yeah a brilliant
calm by the way just the wording of it
like you want to infuse is what you need
it's well above and beyond here's a
here's a horrible right and your
grandmother might have liked exactly
well above and beyond that that's
beautiful man that's just I mean
horrible but beautiful D H loves nachos
dream sign for 28 fucking months in a row
sorry you've blown my mind a little bit
rhythm gardener I thought just makes a
sadder rhythm gardener says hate Jack
enriched I play in a D&D campaign and my
PC is Darmok with his animal companion
called Jawad and we live at Tanagra
Cheka when the walls fell
well five thousand won for sixteen
months in a row walrus to the brush for
fourteen months in a row while we rushed
in doctor lube it up JG from space no
one says no anyone who still uses the
Netflix disk mailing service I don't but
they probably still exist I do so why
does ship you can't get a normal net
flow streaming that's true yeah there's
a lot of shit you can't get and I do I
know someone who still prefers the DVD
because of that yeah cuz you can still
you know like oh I want to watch this
movie they only have it on DVD it's
probably not a hassle for them to keep
that surface going there's got doubt
many people use it right and you know
this you you don't need to order
millions of these DVDs right max thrust
Erik burr FC leap for 22 months in a row
house actual subsonic Bell for thirteen
months in a row says Project Hornet
fateful findings super-secret Len came
movie cameos
I don't know toe decimals for 32 fucking
months in a row
who says first time I'm catching you
live in a while-- game development has
destroyed my free time but there's
finally light at the end of the tunnel
bummed I missed space quest live but
still had a blast watching the archive
keep up the good work welcome you as
well yes apparently it up yeah we'll shit
on your game shortly all over it the
funky transom baird tone bait sauce rum
ham has swears toby normal critic called
trial 14 clinical clinical trial 14
clinical trial
I'm sorry clinical trial you need to
water down your username for me to fully
understand it because it's just water it
down a little bit and then I'll
understand it
turd smuggler 44 for 12 months in a
robes is 1 year already should have
started something when you first started
streaming but oh well three years late
eight bad keep it up
welcome farmer coops says PSA when was
the last time you had your septic system
pumped and inspected better look at it
before it yells at you oh my god I grew
up obviously I live in the city now so
I'm very fortunate not to have a septic
system but you know obviously grown up
in farm country I had septic tanks all
my life and shit man
you you you nearly huh literally shit
man if you don't take care of that thing
properly your entire yard is nothing but
piss and shit yeah it's it's awful
alright and that pleasant note peace
Saturn
Oh goddamn it tab tab achieve I know you
told me how to pronounce your name and I
forgot you tips you tipped with the
handy guide on how to pronounce your
name Tabak jack just takes some more
homeopathic medicine just I just don't
feel like this is diluted enough you
know norm cavalier it doesn't seem to be
working let's dilute it a thousand times
more now I feel like it's diluted so
much there literally isn't a single
molecule of whatever the original thing
was no they're just selling water that's
the genius Evan water pills water pills
it's like it's like the it's like
fucking dasami right the crisp clean
water that's just New York tap water
yeah yeah like that it's just plain old
New York Templar slap a fancy soul label
on it right oh that's great Jack I so
disillusioned by homeopathy
it's adorable see Jack I think like a
lot of people just thought it's just
some new agey beliefs right it's all
silliness oh yeah you didn't understand
the cynical con going on behind the
scenes
well like I just love I guess I thought
homey homeopathy was just another word
for like alternative medicine so I
didn't know that it was its own thing
it's it's own thing and so I'm like oh
yeah like oh you know the the the
Chinese have been eating this or the
cure the common cold for 20,000 huh I
thought it was just lumped in with that
bullshit but no knowing that it's it's a
way to just to beautifully scam someone
makes my head hurt and fills me with joy
at the same time you know I that's this
is a movie I want made I want to be a
fly on the wall when the person came up
with that bit
and then just see its spiral out of
control and then they're a millionaire I
think I think it actually might have its
roots in really old-timey like putting
leeches on you so it could just be like
quackery then people realize they could
use to con people that's the the first
person to understand the con I want it
to be about that person and then just
rolling with it the water remembers and
that's the name of the movie rich the
name of the movie is the water remembers
because when they come up with that line
you know you need the actor to be like
no no you see you don't notice it like
it's the Natura that the water remembers
and then that poor fucking rube going
you know what I think you're right no
it's great you've opened my mind barbels
1000 for 21 months in a row says hey
guys thanks the many hours of
entertainment I really get to watch you
live instead I have the videos on during
the day when I'm working on my computer
so I guess to me you are previously
recorded live previously recorded keep
up the good work that was that was
intentional from the start that's the
whole business previously recorded live
previously recorded more Bose you get it
you get it
John's live says three fucking months
giving you hacks Amazon money lesbian
kisses that's the highest form of praise
we can get JJ Qi Kerr for twenty nine
months in a row says can't think what to
say so oh yes I love you axe hit older
rock you know they put a question on the
end so I had to go up mags
there was nowhere to go there's no word
that's that's life man Magnus PU 441
fucking months in a row tits 84
for 21 months in a row
I mean it's tightest but I'll take two
you know what I'm just sticking with it
okay art anus 6mz poof 21 months in a
row that's 21 yeah what did we do 21
months ago good question exactly so we
did something I got a fantastic street
convinced people like I'll subscribe to
that we need to do it again right king
rocket virtualbox and ridin digger blue
fur 21 nuts in a row I'm legit curious
s-see 87 I think it was your PC building
stream hmm Oh shoulda stream the
building then we should have strewn I
jumped the gun because i wanted to
stream with it I know you know what it's
fine it's fine
yeah well stream you putting a graphics
card a very short stream yeah the faith
Oh or was at the start of the FaceCam 21
months ago no we started before I want
to say it's been longer than that for
the FaceCam but now it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine yeah
SC 87 scab nur vinyl sided ranch house
nice relentless 42 for 20 months in a
row who says 20 months it's been a it's
been going on this long Jesus and that's
everybody thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do go go look at
homeopathy it's fun
I think it's homeopathy
