Jun 6, 2018
Shaq Fu, Moonlighter
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278450237
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278453513
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/278457094
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_ABXDLojxk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGC9Ihr94TM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvTBr-oTyVA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1004447878176264192

[Part I]
yes any good Shaq foo games
needs a Shaq rap to Jack what I want
that juicy Shaq made
oh you're giving him what there was you
know just give in to the inevitable not
a surprise not a surprise Shaq opt oh oh
oh no we don't want to exit the game to
go to the Shaco pedia what's in the
shackle pedia nothing well yeah it's
tough to unlock I get it you see all
right this is a sidescroller just
straight-up fighting game I have no idea
all right
I have no idea what it is right why are
we playing this what happened well I you
know I had a plethora of other games to
play but then all all of a sudden I
noticed something today as we follow GOG
Gamescom oh gee calm the the online
games just a distribution service that
lets you download your games and there's
no drm involved you want the phone into
a server they just let you own the games
you buy I want to let you know we are
not being paid for this I am glad to do
it because I appreciate I personally
yeah appreciate the surface that GOG
provides em and you've talked about GOG
a bunch apparently by the way GOG is
also a fan of you as in announcing that
Shaq fouie legend reborn is on gog.com
they included a picture of you wanting
that juicy Shaq name they tweeted that
out that's great that's great even even
later making a tums reference and so
they're their true fans
so you know they're true fans which is
great and I know you're a big fan of
gog.com so we figured hey we'll play a
little shack foo and these we can get
some fun out good old GOG I love ya they
don't pay me I'm happy to show from them
it's a service you enjoy I enjoy
chilling for gog.com your little baby
that's that shooing Ben that's just
talking about something you enjoy right
you know the other thing I did speaking
of speaking of people accusing us of
being chills I'm sure they're being
there you think oh why sure I'm sure I'm
sure they're being funny I got accused
of being a shield today because that new
no clip documentary came out on Bethesda
Studio yeah and it's like an hour and a
half
yeah and it's fuckin great it's just the
history of Bethesda studios here's some
games they make some of the early Elder
Scrolls games the early Fallout game did
they pay you to say nice things about it
no I'm just a fan oh then you're not a
shill right I just watched the
documentary today and I said damn this
is really good you all should check it
out people like what a shill yeah come
on yeah
okay so just a side-scroller but but
that but that 2d 3ds to shot side
scroller what doc the youtube channel no
clip makes game documentaries they
they've done some great ones on a rocket
League on doom
they had a great one on kind of a weirdo
indie games of there was a spelunky one
they did a great one on said the project
and The Witcher series one on horizon
zero dawn but basically just amazing
documentaries about games and game
studios and this one was kind of a
history of Bethesda as a as a software
company and it was really good and as
someone who as someone who doesn't play
a lot of Bethesda games you know I've
never I've never played an Elder Scrolls
game ever yeah I have I've gotten maybe
three hours into any Fallout game you
know like that's my extent it was just
such a really it was such a great story
just hearing these people talk about
their influence or not their influences
their process in making the game and how
like oh we made this one game 15 years
ago and that's kind of like how we came
here and here and here is great yeah
they made a final fantasy 14 one which I
also didn't care about but I watch it
it's a good documentary that uh that
Danny O'Dwyer is a fine filmmaker
I feel like Jack would like the
elderscrolls I may or may not have just
picked up Skyrim I'm not confirming or
denying take that thing Jack a shag it's
great I'll show you a Bigfoot
this guy harm is great of course I mean
the the really neat thing was kind of
looking back at their old and at their
like the early Elder Scrolls game that
that arena Elder Scrolls arena looked I
mean it looked adorable but it looked
like doom it looked like original doom
but you have a sword you know and you
could go anywhere in the world it seems
really interesting and and I like that I
like seeing that I tried playing arena
couldn't do it that it looked at me it
looked deep though and then you know the
the documentary goes into Bethesda's
kind of turn into the consoles because
they're there morrowind was an xbox
original xbox exclusive in like kind of
well we've always been a PC gaming
company but maybe we can make it work on
the xbox and it went gangbusters right
right kind of the the start of the whole
Western RPG thing Bethesda
if I remember I'll tell you I'm little 5
get out of their rich oh you did it jack
last to expand SEPs were tonally off
don't you think no I thought they were
great
the last two which expanse episodes you
know they're right now they're they're
kind of I feel like they're midseason
and so they're doing a lot of setting up
oh they're so they got cancelled but
they're still having something finished
airing the current season right okay
okay
they're gonna finish season their
current season before they move over to
Amazon Amazon moves quick uh well
honestly at this point the experience is
a turnkey operation right like all their
crew is there they have all the sets
already just someone needs to pay them
for it and if these OSes fan they're
gonna they're gonna finish him it
doesn't matter what the ratings are nope
they're gonna it pays to be a
billionaire you know it pay it pays to
have a billionaire fan is that is the
moral of the story if you want your show
made just make sure be Zoe's sees the
script
no the was it not not the last
experience episode but the episode
before that when when the the racer goes
into the ring and not to give too much
away was a moment of television in which
I go fought out loud like and that
rarely happened for which in the expanse
there there was a moment in the expanse
where I actually went look good oh not
like a laugh no no no pausing a laugh oh
is that what I I meant like I something
happened in the expanse when when the
racer goes through the ring no spoiler
that something happened so unexpected
and so wonderful that I made a noise
that made no sense because I was so I
was so enjoy I was so enjoying what
happened but no I think it's I think
it's we're about to get weird I feel I
feel like we're about to get real weird
and I like it
I'm into it my my wife read all the
books and she's just excited to see the
books all out yes okay no no no there's
one coming out later to see is it the
last I don't know this thing have an
ending or it's just gonna be on going
forever I don't know I wish I could tell
you but there's there's one coming out
later this year and but my wife at you
know obviously the books are further
ahead than the show so my wife is just
really excited to see how they do the
things cuz she really likes the cast and
how they're portraying all the stuff in
the books but I'm just really excited to
see where the story's going next because
it's a great it's they got they got some
good storytellers there on dad they're
experienced
the master 20,000 says word on the
street is that there are two books left
okay offer they come out there I don't
think they're quite adam george RR
martin levels but were they they'll
never be punished right the the way the
expanse is written so i've been told by
my wife is it's actually two writers and
every chapter is written from a
different characters perspective and so
the two writers each handle their own
sets of characters and because they have
two writers my guess is they can get
them done pretty fast
there's maybe some other problems they
have to they have to really coordinate
well right so they're so they're sure
they end up with the same spot like you
know one of them is just like I have
this idea
oh I want to I want to have a guy that's
like oh actually I already wrote that
chapter eight and you need to make sure
you meet up with me yes probably other
pitfalls probably up together work at an
outline yeah
oh I'm sure they have a method boss fine
I'm sure they have a method but I'm
looking forward to it I think like I've
said this many times I think it's the
best sci-fi show on television currently
and and I'm just excited that they're
gonna keep making them part of part of
that rash of shows that were cancelled
and then immediately not cancelled it
was like that in Brooklyn nine-nine like
now we don't want these anymore someone
else would take them right up that that
used to happen back in the band
network television more often than you
think yeah they would they would just
switch Network yes no a different one
network cancel oh I'm a network we'll
pick it up hmm this would happen fairly
commonly can you think of an example not
off the top of my head Chad like
Gunsmoke right right okay chat give me
an example that I wouldn't hear I would
know about oh you know what that's a
good one Skippy brown scrubs did the
same thing ABC wanted to pick up Star
Trek for its fourth season but NBC had
struck the sense a week prior
so Olmo Star Trek so so because because
they couldn't like they couldn't afford
the new sets like I didn't pick it up
oh sure I guess Futurama did that
without going to Cartoon Network nothing
years in between though yeah then with
the Comedy Central charge oh did they
shit man those are the best seasons I
don't I just don't know I've seen them
all I think I've I think I want to
Comedy Central seasons more than I like
the classic Fox seasons hmm I don't
think we can count Conan O'Brien because
technically a different show because
technically that's a different show you
know I'm I'm yeah I'm thinking of the
turnkey operation where all the sets are
there all the actors all the same people
behind the cameras and then just someone
else is giving them money so I've you
know scrubs is an example I remember
when that was going through when down
who picks it up like it was on NBC and
it switched to ABC or vice versa
oh you know what I you know what I'm
forgetting about I see someone
mentioning the WB aka the CW and I'm
forgetting about Supergirl yeah that was
on CBS for season 1 and then you guess
what you were on WBAL
do you know about the new fantasy
cartoon by The Simpsons Futurama
creators I saw the trailer the what
there's a there's like a new a new
cartoon made by Simpsons and Futurama
people and it's like a it's set in a
fantasy I heard rats on Netflix I think
those are gonna be a Netflix might be
never think it's Netflix mmm
so David X Cohen involved or is it uh
just mad draining this time
I said what do you think could have been
killing the PC we'll get into that we
will get into that you have an issues
real issues with this enemy
I thought Shack food was an old game
Shack foo was a dismal game was that
Super Nintendo yeah
Shack foo was a Super Nintendo probably
probably Genesis - sure
Super Nintendo Genesis and it was very
similar to this it was a side-scrolling
beat-em-up not terrible that I remember
it was just kind of a generic I've never
played it that is the first Czech food
game I played Jack rich how dare you I'm
missing out you've been alive look at
all the stuff you've been missing out on
I remember it not do you have like a
roll or a dodge no of okay I'm guessing
you have some sort of get away quick
button
get out of there
I'd say see if there's a option menu
where you can check the controls stop
drop and roll to dodge where's the world
would I use to roll game
oh is it limited lives interesting Oh
well we're droll is the other joystick
Oh very weird very weird how about some
Michael Jackson's Moonwalker that
interesting I can't roll side to side
you can't roll from up and down what if
you what if you press a direction in
wrong you know what that is rich unusual
right there is that Shack singing well
the volumes low in our TV but probably
our Miller yes I did I actually have
played a little bit of totally accurate
battlegrounds today and it's less of us
I don't know I didn't I didn't find it
that fun it's less of a spoof and more
just like a really cheap version of pub
G this this company this company put out
a kind of a parody pub G game called
totally accurate battlegrounds that's a
free-to-play game for the moment and
it's it's very much kind of like pub to
your fortnight roll roll roll you've
done fun gets done locked
and it's you know it's cute it's it's
free part of the part of the get out of
there get out of there
part of the draw is supposed to be the
wacky physics of totally accurate
battleground but I guess I didn't really
notice any of that in my few game plays
bub
whereas rolls worse than his free pet
piece white nice wide screen
presentation welcome in when I'm walking
I'm all the way in the front right of
the screen and I can't see shit that's
in front of me why are you pulling a
sonic the hedghog that is that is a
perfectly acceptable pet peeve beverage
that is that's meat also pet peeve
why can't you roll front backwards yeah
I can't roll with this work
three mugs you just tell my work that's
gonna be fine hahaha tonight oh my god I
haven't yet rich I haven't yet
downloaded Google Chrome on this cuz I
mean when I when I when I gave us a
clean start on this we've just been
using microsoft edge.you and by the way
when you go to Microsoft edge and type
in Google Chrome in the address bar it
actually gives you a thing here why
Microsoft edge is faster safer browser
to see that yeah when you when you
google or when you clean up when you've
Bing Google Chrome
it says no fuck edge edge oh god
whatever Windows 10 goes at a sleep mode
now it automatically starts edge it's
irritating you
oh yeah my webpage wasn't loading so
it's like I'll just go to Google Chrome
because for some reason I'm using edge
and realized I hadn't even installed
edge
whoopsie dukes
jacqueline i have not you know what
here's why I haven't shown rich the new
into the spider-verse trailer is I don't
think rich will care no I watched the
new into the spider-verse trailer about
five times today and my hype level is is
reaching maximum it looks awesome
I'm really excited what what we've
learned from the trailer rich is that
it's kind of an an older adult Peter
Parker right who is in the same universe
as Miles Morales for some reason and
like like in the comics currently well
it's it's like it's like a spectacular
spider-man is in the universe with
ultimate spider-man who is now in okay
so it's there is clearly across the
universe thing happening because at the
very end of the trailer we see we see
spider-gwen show up that's well that's
no I don't get it they're gonna get it
that's what they're doing they're doing
the spider-verse they're doing a dumb
idea today I'm just not I'm not
interested in the idea I know that about
you which is why I haven't bothered to
show trailer I'm crazy excited about it
though it looks awesome the art style I
think is super interesting and amazing
and as someone who's a fan of kind of
weirdo art styles I'm really excited to
see it in the movie one thing that
bothered me though yeah this won't
matter to rich at all because he hasn't
seen the trailer there's a moment in the
trailer
where the kind of a Peter Parker is
eating a hamburger and it's you know
funny moment they're there at a diner
and Peter Parker doesn't have any money
so he asked miles to just bottom some
money so he's eating a hamburger and
while he's eating the hamburger he's
like you know squishing food out all
over the place and a little bit of the
food ends up on the camera lens
okay and that's something I've always
hated in every movie ever
I always hate when like a piece of dirt
ends up on the camera lens you know
uh-huh
like the camera is not supposed to be
there and if like blood splatters on the
camera lens or a little dirt gets on the
camera lens that takes me out of it I
hate that so anyway that was like the
one part of the trailer I was like wow I
hope they don't do that too much where
they like get the camera involved Jack
hates the camera gimmick I do the eye I
hate I hate when they do that in movies
I don't I don't get the weird jittery
animation just going for a style it's a
weird choice yeah it you know what rich
it is a weird choice and that's why I
like it cuz it's not gonna look like
anything else it's gonna look like its
own thing like in the lego movie they
were trying to look like stop animation
yeah the lego stop animation movies I
got it yeah yeah in the peanuts movie it
was it was trying to look like the old
animated cartoons I get I get it at work
here I absolutely don't understand it or
why they're doing it yeah yeah like I
said I think they're just going for a
style so I'm gonna be I'm gonna be okay
with
I'm just gonna be okay with don't know
why every now and then does the super
dude kills I also don't know so I'm very
sorry I can't help you I haven't been
paying attention to your game did you
see the lego movie - trailer
speaking of Legum like an actual sequel
yeah I don't know that's been long
enough I figure maybe they just
abandoned the project instead of will
just make a whole bunch of other Lego
movies instead that's what I think a lot
of people figured for a while and then
they drop then they drop the trailer on
I'm curious you know looks like a lot of
a lot of similar fundis as someone who
has children I'm very excited about some
of the LEGO sets we might get from it
so that's great no Lord Miller equal No
Deal
Lord Miller are both producing it and
wrote the screenplay for lego movie - so
I don't know where you're hearing that
but there's there's four people credited
for writing the screenplay and Lord
Miller or two of those four people so
and their producers on it so
Lord Miller produced the Ninjago movie
but they didn't write any scripts for
the Ninjago movie it's very possible
that they're only gonna be credited as
characters created by Lord Miller but
right now according to IMDB they're both
credited for writing screener first
screenplay so I think it's more than
that I think it's more than that I don't
know if it's one man who uh that looks
great though I will say one of the one
of the weird things about the lego movie
too
is it seems to be running along a very
similar plot structure as the
wreckit-ralph 2 trailer did you see that
one I know I don't even know they're
doing wreck-it Ralph to give I mean when
is all this coming out it would miss all
of this you've missed every little bit
of like geeky movie news in the past two
days three days since we've streamed all
of this stuff has come out but both both
the record wreckit-ralph 2 trailer and
the lego movie 2 trailer both had kind
of themes of of like the what was the
Sarah Silverman character name in
wreck-it Ralph
I forget the the glitch care yeah I know
I know exactly who but I don't wear the
name but both her and wyldstyle seem to
be like doing the whole like we're gonna
be in the forefront now thing and so
they they they kinda the the trailers
actually look like the stories will be
very similar whether they are or not
it's all different thank God I thought
that was weird just seeing them
back-to-back oh we got a we're gonna get
we got to get Google Chrome set up so I
gotta knock it off to unleash the memes
yeah it i i i worried they're gonna fall
into that like emoji movie trap which
hopefully none of you saw the emoji
movie but it's hot hot garbage and a lot
of it was just like referencing how the
referencing like social media stuff it
was a weird
but let's hope it's better than the
emoji movie you can do it wreck-it Ralph
- you can be better than
Margot why is all this coming out of
once was her who's her Comic Con I
didn't know about yeah
no no actually the that was a joke at
the end of the into the spider-verse
trailer was was spider-gwen shows up and
and kind of older guy Peter Parker's
there and Miles Morales is there and
Myles Myles goes wait who's going Stacey
and older guy Peter Parker says says so
it makes a joke about Comic Con and he
goes what's it what's a Comic Con and
again like the trailer ends so we can
only assume there's gonna be more at
Comic Con they make a Comic Con joke it
all came out and it all came out in the
last three days all of these trailers
came out in the last three days
okay
I got chrome working everything's gonna
be fine so you say so you say oh and
also the bumblebee trailer came out I
didn't even see that what they're making
a Transformers prequel they're making a
bumblebee movie and here's the thing I
have not seen the trailer rich but word
on the street is then it looks pretty
good all right I buy is this a reboot
it's a prequel okay but it's not being
directed by Michael Bay I give zero
fucks I also don't care about the
Transformers in general so I'm just not
up on that I'm just not up on that it's
directed by Travis Knight of Leica
Studios who did two Kubo and the two
strings oh shit now I got to get excited
about it no it's it's the you know CG
and real people but Kubo is really good
oh god damn and now I got to get excited
don't I that gets me a little excited
obligations to be excited okay
at least the the yes well from what I've
seen it looks like the Transformers are
no longer fused together scrap metal
garbage it looks like they actually have
a form and and stand out a little bit
from the background so we'll see we will
see alright we have a David David Dino
people who says hey rich and Jake you
guys should play injustice to now is the
perfect time because it crashed your
last dream what are some of the best
some of your best technical difficulty
stories thanks you've seen them all you
have seen this is a story that I told on
stream before but for anyone who hasn't
told it which will lead into why we're
not playing injustice to tonight one of
my bests technical difficulties stories
happened over Christmas vacation just
this last year when my cranky older
uncle was having some computer issues he
wasn't able to get his internet to work
yeah and and he came to me because he's
like hey you're a guy that knows
computers right like can you help me
with my computer I said oh sure cranky
old uncle I'll help you with your
computer and you know he's my uncle by
the way is not a dumb man he's an
engineer or was he's retired now but you
know he was an engineer smart fella so
he knows a little bit about computers
and so I head over and I start tinkering
with his computer you know I do the
standard unplug it put it back in you
know check the router check all the
connections and you know all the basic
stuff everything is working fine so then
I dig a little bit deeper try to like
get into the internet settings and
everything looks fine and so be
of because of rich Evans and my newly
found knowledge of the internal workings
of computers I was actually able to open
up the computer what was actually
happening with it is the the computer
said that it had no Ethernet card wait
and you know like I opened it up and
there was clearly an Ethernet card
hooked up to the motherboard
yeah but the computer said no Ethernet
card so I said hey let's try this I'm
going to physically take out the entire
Ethernet card turn your computer on plug
it back in so that your computer will
think it's a new piece of hardware and
automatically set it up and because I
have put together a PC I wasn't afraid
to do something like that because I know
how to do it right and I did it and I
put it back in the computer said hey a
new piece of hardware let me get all the
drivers set up for oh yeah here it is
all the stuff and it worked like a charm
so like not only was I able to fix my
cranky uncle's computer problems yeah
although badass oh it looks like super
smart super smart and really all I was
doing was unplugging and plugging in a
different thing but but I got to look
really smart while doing which leads us
into why we're not playing in justice to
tonight which is because this computer
can't handle it I don't know that that's
true it can't handle that and streaming
apparently that well that's that's the
moral of the story and we've been
talking about buying a second a second
computer purely for streaming for a
while yeah excuse me and and doing a
little research most of the information
I've been able to find is tells me that
streaming is pretty CPU intensive it has
to take all that video send it through
the CPU and then you know out to twitch
right
every single bit of video and so then
when you're playing a game which is more
GPU intensive but still uses the CPU it
has to go through the CPU then through
the GPU and then back through the CPU to
stream it right and so unless you're
rocking you know a six core or above
processor you're gonna have a bad time
streaming certain games and playing them
on the same computer so I've ordered all
the parts for a second streaming only
computer nice nice and I'm pretty
excited we just needed something simple
we do is that's true rich and I was
talking with rich as I was you know
getting prices for all this stuff and
rich goes wow I think I really think we
can pinch the pennies and you know maybe
here maybe here and I said we don't need
a solid-state drive right we don't need
a solid-state drive and you know that
case I bet we can find a cheaper case
than that and I said well you know the
case is just for me I want it to look
pretty right right so I'll I'll deal
with the price of the case cuz I do I
want I like it to look pretty I like my
small form case and this isn't a small
form of mine but but uh but basically
rich I blame you for me spending more
money you're welcome because you've kind
of turned me into a snob okay see snob
you're welcome we're it's like we
probably don't need a solid-state drive
but I got one anyway cuz you know why
it's a little bit nicer and everything
just works a little bit faster I did not
look at that I see odd check those icy
hot commercials okay
but you know because it's gonna be a
computer only for streaming I only got
120 gig solid-state drive instead of
anything you know super fancy cuz it's
not like we'll be downloading you know
what we're gonna download one program to
it that's it basically that's it and so
like we don't eat a super incredible
hard drive I did
I got a pretty decent heat sink because
streaming is so processor intensive but
still you know relatively cheap okay did
I not get it it's Jack's final issue
Jack's the one who's looking forward to
putting it together
I said Jack you want me put together of
Jack's like no no I know and I thought
about that I said how would you think
rich might be mad if I put it together
cuz I really want to put it together and
then I said well I'm just gonna put it
together and yeah I'll be fine with that
rich already put together two computers
you've already put together two I've
only put together one right oh beep Kate
getting me into PC building and getting
me into emulators is two very different
battles but no I'm excited to put
together another computer and everything
should be ready for Sunday so Sunday we
should be streaming from our new
computer so hopefully we can we can play
injustice to then and not have to worry
about any glitchy graphical issues you
know the one of the biggest issue was
finding like a motherboard that had a
decent number of USB ports because you
know not only are we gonna have to run
xsplit through it but we gotta plug our
microphones into it we got to plug our
camera into it if we want a second
camera we need another USB thing we got
to plug our stream deck into it there's
a lot there's a lot of things and I
don't necessarily want to use a USB hub
of because that'll just that adds
another point of failure alright so
you probably know PC building stream
just because we've already done that and
I think this will be a a much simpler
build real differences no fancy graphics
card which is going with the on Borg
well and the we're not using it we're
not doing a tiny case this time this is
a it's it's a smaller case but it's not
a super small case I wonder how many
people in the chat are gonna y'all for
going with the onboard graphics we are
going with the with the motherboard
graphics that's true but actually it
looks like the press it's different than
back in my day yeah it looks like the
processor now does the graphics what do
you mean it's being processed on the
process it used to be the motherboard
integrated motherboards the motherboard
oh sure video card work but now
obviously now it looks like the
processor is doing that well but all we
need is a screen to show us what it's
showing on xsplit yeah and so we just
don't need we don't need any graphics
card oh we don't need anything fancy yes
but we know I mean we just need the on
board yeah yeah yeah
I already did a piece of well we have we
have me building a PC from what a year
or so ago and then we have rich building
a PC from about four years ago did you
build your other PCM stream - I think so
I don't think so I think I'm at like
built one on stream oh okay
I've I've built a ton and my wife so
it's not like I've just built - right
right
I've built - since you've known me yes
yes oh and by the way yes Wally Russ 10
asks a very important question which is
if we have a dedicated streaming PC will
we finally be able to stream in 1080p
and the answer is yes no it will no you
know we we should we stream in 720p just
because we don't want to overtax the the
computer but so now with with our new
computer I think we'll definitely be
able to stream @ 1080p no problem no
problem
so yeah we're going we're gonna we're
gonna go up a tick in hd-quality you're
welcome everyone you'll get to see this
and this in beautiful HD yes I got it we
we got an internal capture card I got I
got an elgato just because we used el
gato products and and they work 99% of
the time I did people ask me I did
refurbish Karen's computer but I thought
I royally fucked up the paint job I just
I just I scrapped that I just bought a
normal case cuz I royally fucked up the
paint job
rather than have her wait got my shit
together to gangers yeah yeah yep you'll
get that 1080 pale knees look at this
look at all this need that you get I'm
not super worried about streaming at 60
frames a second true blue review that is
not a concern they're making a they're
making a product placement joke by just
saying the product name over and over
again and it's clearly it's gold Bond
medicated powder it's clearly another
product wings
come on Yemen speaking of a shill he has
a very skirt was rich know about the
sony III weakness because one thing on
that list is definitely gonna hype him
up what what is on the Sony leaked III
list oh I didn't see that I didn't see
the Sony III Lee oh I'm sorry
my fuckin self is that you know what
that was me assuming and that was that
was my fault absolutely oh speaking of
rich do you know that they're making a
battle tech v MechWarrior v yeah thing
they've been making and stop making
until I see something physically see
something I'm not gonna get hyped okay
because I know a lot of comments for our
battle Tech episode was man rich is
really gonna like MechWarrior v now you
know with all his complaints
well as far as an III Street when is III
even do you know usually yeah and yeah
we'll probably do something similar to
what we did last year which is wait
until all the conferences are over and
then dedicate a whole stream just to
looking at trailers and reacting to them
as we do so it won't be it probably
won't be like a live sorry list this
weekend through next week
no one's the company behind MechWarrior
Online is making MechWarrior v
mercenaries and is supposedly it will be
out at the end of the year okay so I
want to see something okay what I've
heard about MechWarrior Online it's got
that shitty customization so that's
that's some anti hype right there sure
sure sure I've seen mostly positive
comments on our Battletech review it's
good a lot a lot of people saying that
they hate to admit it but they even
agree with me which is always a shock
about wish about anything okay but about
battle sack they agree with me and they
say they don't like it that they agree
with me and fun you know they do we kind
of have the same opinions aren't they
agreeing with me too
they're agreeing with you and
begrudgingly agreement agreeing with me
yes which Evans is totally right and I
guess Jack is just it's underwhelming
why is there eight feet of screen behind
me and I'm like one inch from the right
side of the screen why would anybody do
that to be fair you never really you're
never really surprised to run into
anything but it does look weird
aesthetically I agree should be the
other way around yeah I agree I agree oh
you know what actually on that note
YouTube comments I do want to address
something there's something that comes
up a lot is a lot of times people ask
people or people assume how much of the
game we played based on the gameplay
footage that I choose to use in our
episode and a lot of times the gameplay
footage that I use is within the first
couple of hours of the game mostly
because in those first couple of hours
it it does the best job of visualizing a
point that we're making so if we're
talking about a gameplay mechanic
usually early on in any game is when
they give me the tutorial on that
mechanic and so showing a video of that
to illustrate our point is why I do that
also I don't want to spoil too much and
also as I record gameplay footage I
record a lot in the first like
ten hours of the game usually I'll
record the first ten hours and then
after that I'll just record sporadically
so I just have more footage fry I will
flat out at MIT I don't always finish
the game if oh yeah if I if I get bored
Tim if I'm still bored ten hours into
your game you've done something wrong
oh yeah well no and that's that's as far
as I got in Battletech I got ten hours
and I said done because I just couldn't
stomach it in but some people were some
people were complaining like it looks
like they only got a couple hours into
the game because they're using this and
that footage right and you know like
like I'm saying well to be fair we only
it's something that footage - it's
always only your's oh right it's never
mind that's the other thing rich doesn't
record any gameplay footage and so and
so I'm it's like I remember the the doom
review of people like chiding me for
using a scope them know all that footage
was Jack I don't even I don't even know
what the scope on the assault rifle
looks like right right well you know a
little bit of it is is some logistics
where I don't have unlimited harddrive
space and so I make sure I record at
least the first ten hours of gameplay
after that it starts to waver like you
know I run it through an elgato and I
use their game capture software which
does have a a rewind feature and so if
you keep it plugged in in the software
running at any point you can hit a
button and it will record the last five
minutes of gameplay so if anything
really exciting does happen I'll hit
that button but you know
oh he's got some kind of anti foot power
thing okay come anti-flu okay I can't
kick him oh oh you did died he's got
some sort of anti power o P dokey a
hunchback Jack says hey Jack and rich
not to relive past times but did you
figure out what happened to the PC at
the end of your stream just interested
and if you'd rather not talk about it
don't go of the stream well haven't
figured it out no well we're streaming
out now it's fine just I think that that
injustice was to processor-intensive
possibly that's a lot of speculation but
I don't know right that's that's my only
guess is injustice was to
processor-intensive and that end
streaming was too much for the computer
and it buckled that would make sense but
but then and then you know we just got
some residual weakness on Friday the
13th I guess the computer wasn't ready
yet it needed more of a break I don't
think we yeah I don't think we were
started after that I thought well I
thought it shut down automatically I
thought we were restarting then we tried
in justice after it shut down right
right and then we didn't restart for
Friday third yeah that was our problem
yeah okay that's fair rich
so hopefully all those problems will be
fixed with our brand new streaming PC
all the parts are either coming today or
or tomorrow okay that fuck me over real
good oh did I do I did I did something
I'm very sorry okay okay and there you
go that was my fault I checked my phone
I got a little ding and when I put it
back down I accidentally brushed against
the left click on the mouse
oopsie doops oopsie doops
yeah I mean maybe what what how big are
they relatively speaking one of them has
experience fighting even if it's play
fighting there's experience fighting I
know John Cena's probably a really big
dude but Shaq is also fucking gigantic
and he's gigantic in basketball what he
is gigantic in basketball but also he's
he's not a regular player anymore are we
talking I'm okay I am thinking in their
heyday okay both in their heyday yeah I
still might give it okay on one hand if
it was pure physicality I think John
Cena would happen right right if we're
talking a little reality Shaq would win
because John Cena's apparently the
nicest man alive and just wouldn't want
to fight Shaq Ryan I watched the first
episode of this is a YouTube red cartoon
not bad John Cena yeah I didn't know
he's good we've got a space cowboys
cartoon oh yeah yeah space truck and
rope robot oh man everything I've ever
liked I don't pay attention to wrestling
at all but everything I've ever heard
about John Cena is overwhelmingly
positive he's just the nicest person
jack is literally one foot taller than
John Cena
sheshank is giant but again even even in
his heyday oh come on you you get an icy
hot to regain your health that's fine
that's Jack just notices this I
shockingly I haven't been paying
attention to the game very much I'm
sorry
yeah I'm sorry okay let's see here
Oh brave Sir Robin says I have an
important decision you guys Tommy Wiseau
and Greg Sestero are touring with some
weird new movie called best Marines best
friend it seems that seems yes however
at the same time another theater is
showing the original unrated Robocop
which I've never seen
unrated Robocop hands down the the new
tummy Wiseau and Greg sestra movies
gonna be deliberately bad mm-hm and it's
gonna be horrible yes it's not gonna be
funny like the room is right it's gonna
be someone trying to be funny and
they're gonna be bad and trying to be
funny so it's just going to be bad
Robocop is going to be the Unrated
Robocop on the big screen done that's an
easy decision my friend Tommy Wiseau has
been in on the so bad it's good joke for
too long he can no longer make another
the
right true blue review a lot like if you
if you've seen samurai cop - they were
just - in on the joke yeah yeah and so
it's just not the same yes samurai got
to terrible yeah yeah
so no take that time go see Robocop on
the big screen I wish it actually you
know like I know some people who do who
set up like special screenings I'm gonna
talk to them like let's give a Robocop
on the big screen that would be awesome
I have never seen Robocop on the big
screen
right king Vidya you know what's up it's
so sad that time I also realize the joke
I think he had another room oh yeah if
if he would have had you know like some
mild success with the room but but no
one told him about the joke he could
have easily you know made another movie
and just thought he was a successful he
could have dreamed it but but some
somehow he became self-aware I don't
know how but somehow Tommy Wiseau became
self-aware did they talk about that in
the book at all about in being
self-aware him being self-aware of the
so bad it's good thing no they the book
ends when the movies done Oh
breehn happily maintains his self
delusion absolutely sinnerman which is
why Breen is fantastic Breen continues
to think that he's saying something
is he really self-aware though I feel
like he thinks he is good up the the
process troll is self-aware well and and
the problem is even if he thought he was
good he no longer has any incentive to
be good
he has incentive to be bad because
that's what he's known for
and Tommy Wiseau makes money which is
why he tours constantly with the room
which is why he was really excited about
them making biography of him in the room
like he mark my words best fiends is
gonna be horrible and not not like
horrible like the room is horrible
horrible like it's completely boring to
watch Corbett
yeah yeah yeah mark mark maga damn words
if if I were a betting man that's what
I'd put money on yeah absolutely
that's what I would put my money out
so Oh brave Sir Robin takes some time C
unrated Robocop and have a great time
have a great time
try to get it to play here in Milwaukee
if again if you have any say in now we
make some calls I'll make some calls
later hey hey let's make that happen
unrated the 17 he only says hey guys
since I found out how to tip I cannot
stop giving you hacks my lunch money
thanks for the stream PS my username is
pronounced the one the only then why is
it the 17 he only misses 7 supposed to
be it's a it's lead speech oh don't want
I guess I can see that
alright well next time lead with I don't
think anybody can be blamed for reading
that a 7
wladim you are I don't know that do you
know cool cat saves the kids we have no
I died haven't seen that one so I don't
know about that director or them being
self-aware I'm sorry
I haven't watched it but we have like
seven copies okay well there you go well
there you go
nope yeah okay
I am sad that Dark Souls remastered is
20 bucks even if you own the game wasn't
there a deal III thought there was a
there was a pre-order deal if you if you
already own Dark Souls and then
pre-ordered remasters you got it for
like 15 on Steam at least I don't know
I'm still very stubbornly waiting for my
switch copy I wanna I wanna I want it I
want to take some time and really dive
into Dark Souls right and I'm looking
forward to that and you know I of course
I own Dark Souls you know the original
dark so what's what's the difference
between this and the PC version wife
with the fan-made patch whatever the
fuck it is what what I have heard is a
lot of what Dark Souls remastered is is
basically just pre-installed dsfix yes
okay that's what I've heard I don't know
exactly you know some graphical updates
here and there a more consistent frame
rate you do get a solid 60 frames a
second in in Dark Souls remastered so
so but I do want to I want to take some
time and really get into it which is why
I want a switch version so I can know I
can play it wherever I am and it's been
just it's been delayed to oblivion
delayed to nebulous later this year
forever zone yeah oh it's $40 regularly
and $20 if you don't own the original or
if you do owe me a beta version
okay great I get $40 for something
that's free on the PC well no you step
to buy Dark Souls how much can you buy
dark so far and PC five bucks probably
pretty - okay five dollars on DC I'm I'm
sorry I'm sorry for getting that wrong
you know what you know I'm saying you
can time stands you know saying okay
let's see here a box thai beatnik says
there's multiplayer updates more summons
invaders weapon level matching etc okay
oh and now they're saying they pulled
the old switcheroo and everyone rich the
original is no longer available on Steam
Oh fucking bastards so unless you
already bought it you got to buy the
remaster why just don't - oh I own the
original I guess I assumed you own the
original as well I don't know
and they're saying they're saying
there's a lot of quality of life
additions just be a smoother things here
and there but forty bucks I'll just wait
I'll wait so that comes to the switch
patiently
there's other games I can play
gig one wants to know if we played
witcher 3 s DLCs heart of the stone and
wine and blood I could say the same no
because you haven't played with your $3
I have played a bit of Witcher 3 and
really enjoyed it but but fell out of it
other stuff started taking taking my
time and though I really really enjoyed
my time in Witcher 3 I was I was having
a heck of a time really getting into the
world getting into the story getting
getting into everything I thought it was
really great
I really should pick that up again one
of these days but there's always
something price is original Dark Soul so
you buy the original and get the
discount on remastered or I get to just
have the original and use the dsfix band
patch right and I bother with the BS
remastering that's something a fan did
for free I don't know I just assumed not
get ripped off
Chinese Chinese it's just nature isn't
that good I kind of house kind of bored
stops playing to Adam I mean if this is
you know if I'm going to if I'm gonna
have an epic first world problem right
here it's it's part of the nature of
this show and our schedule is I have to
play game sometimes I have to play other
games yeah other than the game I want to
play and I really think left to my own
devices I would have spent all of my
game time in Witcher 3 and gotten
significantly further shit
that did suck but you know I had to move
on because we were playing other games
and okay when I went to you know after
after playing Richard I'm sure I'm sure
it was something we we did
I recommend installing the leveling mod
so you can breathe through the combat
and get to the fun story stuff no that
was like that was part of the fun for me
in Witcher 3 was was was you know
running into an enemy and then realizing
I was severely underpowered and having
my ass handed to me that's always the
best part of games like that is just
learning where you are and saying you
know what I'm gonna go take care of some
of the shit I'm gonna get a better sword
I'm gonna I'm gonna get stronger and I'm
gonna come back and kick your ass
which lady that's the fun part of games
like that is is running into an obstacle
that you can't surpass and then having
to come back and then when you come back
and kick their ass it's it means
something it's something special
how many games have you hated and played
for prereq purposes anything I give a
bad review to you guys have seen the
episodes oh I had a bad time playing
battle tech I really did not like battle
that guy was incredibly bored I I had a
really bad time playing playing God of
War that was that was not my jam right
there
o.o Metal Gear survived I put way too
much time into Metal Gear survive oh man
that was a bad one too because that game
sucks
what else what else we do recently we've
got something in common
let's not forget 1886 here we're playing
this on my PC the PC is not dead here's
the thing yeah I actually the order 1886
was so short I didn't have the
opportunity to hate playing it yeah that
didn't kill any of my time because it
took six hours to complete the entire
game yeah like we got done with that too
fast we finished it on stream right
like I guess I play a little I was room
oh shit we're done I know we're here
before the stream and I was like yeah I
think we're close to the end why don't
we just I would just push through we'll
finish him yeah yeah I was that was
crazy so like I I just did there there
was not enough of the order 1886 to get
like it didn't wreck my day actually I
really liked about it was that short
because that meant we could get the
review done fast yeah yeah I did not
have a good time playing alien isolation
there's a lot of games that it didn't
have a good time playing you know
serious metal detecting no I was
actually way too into series metal once
I was legitimately into that and I don't
know why but that scratched an itch for
me man just beep beep beep oh like that
that and viscera cleanup project I tried
to get rich to do a to do an episode on
this or a cleanup project and rich just
flat-out refused relax and do some
chores and clean up the space station I
wanted it so much I'm like rich we got
to do this we got to do an episode on
viscera cleanup detail if it worked if
it weren't years I would have been more
into doing it but it was it's all new oh
I know but it's so great Oh
loved it so much I loved it so fucking
much so is there a game you wanted to
play yeah there is are you done I'd be
the boss great I think we could switch
now okay yeah there's a game I can play
yeah but I know I know house flipper is
supposed to be very similar to that very
similar to that except for you get to
design in your own house I think I
suggested that for a first four hours oh
that might be a fun first four hours of
a game one house flipper oh yeah yeah
supposed to be it's supposed to be neat
hope the gog money was worth it GOG he's
paid me nothing as I've said I she'll
them for free because I truly appreciate
that they made games available without
any drm bullshit attached to them mm-hmm
that is that is that is worthy of my
shilling for them for free mmm-hmm house
flipper is another chore simulator
strapped in right well if we just do the
first four hours of ask for free games
that's when you cross an ethical dilemma
once they start giving me shit right
then it's shilling so I don't want I
don't want free things right from GOG I
don't want it for diccon we didn't we
did know that that's said the project
owns good old games actually I only
discovered that because of the no clip
documentary so it was great anything you
have to know I'm not getting paid to
sheíll anything i we we talk about
things where we enjoy things we hate in
here and you know I will I will I will
gladly shill for other people on the
Internet whose shit that I love and so I
will shill for noclip as long as they
keep making excellent documentaries and
they just happen to be doing that so
they're nice people over access games
yes the deluded X come remember the name
of the game they wanted to give us they
wanted to give us a copy of the the one
in space Oh what was it called it was it
was like so it was like civilization but
in space and it was called someone in
the Chad's gonna know it here's here's
the thing here's the thing to do that
yeah and my first Oh meat-free shit and
that I thought about it what if I hate
the game
oh I'm gonna feel terrible they've been
so nice to me gonna have oh I feel
terrible if I didn't like the game when
I and then it was like oh I can't accept
this sure I knew no we can yeah no they
were really nice yes and and so yeah
that's fair that's fair cuz you're right
like once you start like well and it's
it's like different that there are there
are like third party companies that will
send out like review keys to people and
we're on a few mailing lists yeah so we
get a review key here there and
sometimes I'll check out a game to see
if it's a good game to stream or to do
for an episode but those are usually
handled by like third party publicists
companies and we're just on lists like
we don't talk to anyone personally so so
yeah beyond Earth that's what it was
called welcome to earth
we I you know I got one of those
recently I played a game even a bad
review is exposure yeah but it made me
realize that it would have affected my
ability to be completely impartial I'd
have oh I feel guilty I never that
little guilt yeah yeah but a maybe I
would have been a little soft on it I
couldn't do it it was a line that rich
didn't want to cross not saying that
crossing that line is unethical but rich
just didn't want to cross it of course
because they give review copies out all
the time that's part of the business but
you know rich just doesn't want to cross
that line which I have to respect
stellaris oh that might have been it I
don't remember which one it was
yeah
ya know and I think that's fine I asked
for him the what was the game I was
playing earlier just just to get this
out of the way have you guys played rich
have you heard of a game called cultists
simulator you've mentioned it once I've
mentioned it once oh yeah when we were
talking about what what game you scream
on I was like oh yeah I got this key for
this game maybe it's supposed to be like
slay the spire oh yeah yeah yeah now
remember you talking about it's a card
game where you try to grow a cult okay
okay so here's what I can tell you about
cultists emulator I have played the game
for three hours yeah deep concentration
like I am ready to learn this game
because I thought it might be a fun
stream game because we've had other card
games on stream that you know slay the
spire like all those work out great okay
huh so I started playing I have three
hours of hardcore playtime into the game
I cannot describe to you how to play the
game I don't understand
core gameplay mechanics of the game
after playing it for three hours that's
the same it's insane it's it's very it
well it's it's a it's what I'll describe
it as arty-farty FTL because what it has
is you you get certain cards and certain
cards need you get cards and then you
get like little diodes that you put the
cards into and then certain diodes
require certain cards and then it's in
that diode for like 60 seconds right and
then at the end of 60 second either
something good happens or something bad
happens then different diodes show up
that you need to put different cards
this is real time it's a real time thing
but much like FTL at any time you can
pause there's an in-game pause button
and you can read each card look at what
it does
think about what you're gonna do then
you move the cards and unpause and then
timer start to click and then more
diodes show up and then more cards need
to go in more places and I swear to you
I don't understand a damn thing about
the game
all right it's it is the most insane
thing where I like I I like to learn
about a game only through playing the
game like I don't like it when I have to
go to another site and like oh you're
supposed to do this and do this like a
like one of those like a game facts or
whatever right and I have honestly just
tried my hardest to understand core
gameplay concepts of cultist simulator
and I got nothing
yeah fucking nothing it seems like a
neat idea
nope I have no friends reference here
krinkle Krunch says put another 10 hours
into it and you'll understand about 40%
of it it's really part of the fun is
unraveling it I could see that and like
that's why I like this is not a
recommendation or a condemnation of
cultist emulator I'm just telling you
where I am with it and it could be
really fun figuring it out maybe that's
part of the gameplay is just understand
you know understanding it but but I I I
don't I have no concept after three
hours so that's it that's all I got okay
that's what I needed to tell you about
you know helps us to simulate we had a
we'll be back don't we have a we'll be
back but not here
we should have a will be there no we
don't
we will be back okay so then we will
just click here and then and then we'll
mute it too
did you just did you just unmute the

[Part II]
we're here we're totally here there's
just you know there's there's a few
things we have to do to get Rhett you
know ready ready
like we're gonna go to the game here
we're gonna play moonlighter and I need
to update it and the twitch app yeah
what's your problem with our overlay no
somebody's saying fix your overlay or
get rid of it oh you know what when we
switched back over for the the new way
that we do subscribers and whatnot yeah
it um it has like a little like load
time so every once in a while a little
orange thing pops up but it's fine okay
well that's the normal tips aren't gonna
going in the tip box anymore though
I know I know and that was something I'm
going to take care of but now we're
moving over to a new computer just wait
till we get the new computer I promise
you I won't care of everything so
everything's just a little you know tiny
whining we had to move the tip
notifications because buddy the old one
it's like a different tip thing and
that's not working anymore orange isn't
the same thing that it uses for bids yes
this is the animated thing so they need
to be in that quarters they show up
better a pretty much yeah pretty much
I'm just gonna bits basically I'm gonna
just muck with how we do muck with the
overlay and we're gonna take the
subscriber thing and we're gonna move it
over next to the gameplay and then
instead of having a tip jar we're just
gonna have the tips and the bits show up
in the same space yeah so I'll fix
everything but we have to wait till we
get a new computer and boom there we go
chant the Cybill Shepherd Bruce Willis
TV show was moonlighting lighting in and
while I'd love to make a reference to
moonlighting who remembers that except
for you old men although I watched
moonlighting too as a young boy I watch
the reruns and quite enjoyed it get rid
of the overlay yep definitely gonna
happen I'm gonna make it bigger you
fucks you just wait I'm gonna make it
bigger I had to make it smaller what I
had you make it smaller I like this
version I think this version works yeah
this works a lot but you know my the v1
I know of the overlay was a little much
but I think this version works great so
I was not a big overlay fan mmm I don't
mind this personal well that's great so
this is moonlighter oh good cloud save
worked and moonlighter is a very it's a
simple yet interesting game where it's
it's - sucks you're right now you're
absolutely right let's play injustice -
and crash the computer again just crash
it let's be done with everything fuck it
all pixel suck mmm did you overlay samus
uh Breen is God says wait Jack admits
the first one was too much after seeing
the second one I agree that the first
one was a little much which is how it
works sometimes you refine you you move
on you you move forward okay so this
game is two halves one half is you run a
shop and your shop is the shop that all
adventurers go to on their quest they
pick up a they'd pick up items they
that's how you earn money in the game
right but where do you get the items
well at night you got to go to the
dungeons and get items to sell in your
shop you take the items off of the den
adventures sometimes yes yes you do
there you run into like skeletons that
you have to desecrate to take items from
right so that's where that's where get
moonlight or you moonlight as an
adventurer while you spend your days in
the shop and and it's it's adorable and
it has a really simple and pleasant
positive feedback loop and and I really
like it so right now actually I don't
think I have any yeah I got five sticks
I got nothing this is a the upgraded
shop at first you just start with one
table with four squares
I got an upgraded job so I get I get
eight places to sell stuff and I got a
nice
been and just get rid of some garbage in
there we got to move some stuff here I
move these sticks over here there's a
couple things I'm working towards right
now let me just show you here so
obviously there's one of the neat well
we'll get into selling I got to go to
the dungeon and get more crap there's a
lot there's just a lot of neat stuff
about this game I've just been really
enjoying it's what I've been playing
lately so okay how does work how does it
how does it work from the get-go right
it's okay so it's nice so now it's your
time to go to the dungeon right right
and so this is the this is the town this
is where my shop is you can make
upgrades to your shop and upgrade to the
town here like for example I have a
blacksmith so I can get new weapons
there's a potion lady over here so I can
get new potions so like right now I have
a sword and a shield and for some reason
I'm absolutely in love with that shield
animation it's something very visceral
about that is there a character crater
he just plays like an old man you just
play as this person I don't I don't know
if they're an old man or not and I also
have a bow and arrow but currently I am
working towards getting oh here getting
I want a spear and I want some training
gloves and I want a fabric and so you
know it gives you the list of things
that you need you want to sell these
things no I want to buy these things for
better adventuring so the stuff on the
right is the stuff I'm looking for I'm
looking for those pipes
I actually just pipes and cloth is all I
need right now so
so let's go to the dungeon and I'll show
you how the dungeon works got a cute
little town there right on the edge of
the dungeon the dungeon comes in four
stages but right now only one stage is
accessible to me the golem dungeon which
is available to merchants and heroes
once you get on to stage two
it says the desert dungeon only for
Heroes okay see I'm not a hero I'm just
a merchant so the and the dungeons are
all procedurally generated so every time
you go in them it's different and
totally record here except without any
cuteness I don't know a rickets here is
it's another game when you run a shop
okay I haven't gotten very far in it and
play too much oh okay I have it well
does rekha tier also have dungeon II it
might okay because I'll tell you that is
a big draw for me here
go I can I got I just got my bow and
arrow so I can kind of wreck things
right now wreck things in a good way
those guys used to be a big pain in the
ass and now nothing infinity what
infinite infinite air fucking what kind
of fucking merchant sim is this well
it's a little bit of both is what it is
I started to Isaac yeah a little star to
Isaac
they should go with a fucking theme man
those arrows should have a fucking cost
by the way that would drastically change
how I use the pony her drastic okay so
here's my backpack right well we got our
backpack and you just fill up your
backpack with shit I'm already starting
to fill it up with shit some tubes that
I need but then you have weird items
like this so this item says it must be
placed at the top or bottom of the bag
so that's easy this one too and then
later the items get more and more picky
about where they must be placed
fucking goo
oh great I need that and I need that
nice we're getting all the Oh what is
that see that thing to the left there I
have never run into something like that
before they all be mixed in yeah they're
mixed in and we should get bits in there
too oh my god so you just kind of got to
go pass the subs and get to them and get
to the stuff that you want what is this
place
and a forest
so we don't have to do subs at the end
of the stream anymore with this we can
go them as we do the tubes oh yeah yeah
if you want that's it that's empty what
is the champ want just a chapel on us to
do reading off subs as we go where
should we save that to the end like the
old days I don't know that's you know I
fear change obviously but I suppose if
we wanted to we could do subs as we go
with with our new with our newfound
stream labs power you like subs at the
end we keep doing it that way that's
fine that's fine subs at the end does
has that have a little bit of charm
all right winning this one so I'll start
here Dubey sandwich says now that using
stream labs for tips yeah do you plan to
update your stream overlay also Ricardo
I respect your opinion about it
I respect you repeat about solo and you
was a human being I just thought you
should know that
please don't delete your Instagram
account oh yeah did you hear about that
yeah heard about the mean people being
mean man yeah bunch of dickheads being
dickheads thank thank you for your tip
us and you are going to change the
overlook yeah yeah babe and it's gonna
be a very simple change gonna be very
easy change we're just you know move one
thing over
captain preganant says to our lemon
friends just know that a life gets you
down things start looking bad there's a
community of people that support you
think y'all are great and wish you the
best some of us aren't even weird what's
first of all I don't believe you
anyway rich are you related to Chris
Evans why would anybody think that why
would anybody think that because you
have a similar last name I mean similar
common last name right yeah no the
answer is no I mean everyone's related
really in the grand scheme of things but
in any way that somebody would consider
us related know we're all we're all the
same star stuff man we're all made of
the same star stuff we're all cousins
everybody we're all evolved from the
same shit that's true man it's true it's
just like one big dysfunctional family
let's create me in
does that mean it's incest when I fuck
sheeps is somebody in the chat who I
will leave unnamed tech for yes
technically yes
yeah sure
cheap fucking that's where we're going
with this it's great yes it's great you
know what it's great non of us says hey
rich five interested to know johnny
Knoxville was used as inspiration for
two of your favorite game characters No
More Heroes Travis touchdown can totally
see it and uncharted Nathan Drake makes
less sense than Ryan's babe yeah that
makes absolutely no sense to me to the
point where I think that Nathan Drake is
based off of Johnny Knoxville which is
absolutely not the case
oh and I even Drake is is his generic
action man I'd say he's based off of
Chris Pratt but Nathan Drake kind of
predates the popularity of Chris Pratt
so I a long shot
yeah whoo there you go Nathan Drake was
Nathan Fillion yes and as a that is a
fine fine comparison right there sure
Laura uses Jack Firewatch shirt reminded
me to ask you how is your graphic tee
collection coming along huh do you mean
like the shirts that I wear have you
t'ee so yes not like te a right right I
mean obviously I have a lot of graphic
tees would you call it a collection I
it's a wardrobe yeah I suppose rich
technically speaking yes it's a
collection but you know it's also just
all the shirts I have I'll wife I've
picked up some really cool ones the
other day I'm really all right they're
really neat oh they haven't come in the
mail yet though and I find a fangamer
yeah fangamer is a really great website
that's where I got my risk of rain
t-shirt they had back in stock for a
little bit an FTL t-shirt that I've
wanted for a while it's a it's a big
Kestrel and it looks really cool so I
just got that and pretty excited a
couple new shirts coming in the mail I
should check on the shipping on that
make sure they came to me
all I got to keep my shirts fresh now
that now that it's now it's become a bit
of a thing me and the shirts which I'm
totally okay with
this is para for a while please go off
into the under are we gonna potentially
miss some dude do that that one I just
read is now like right at the fucking
bottom of everything apparently they do
so is destroyer yeah says my username is
pronounced is destroyer no says hey guys
I just wanted to say that the latest
best of the worst one of the funniest
you have all done thanks for the
entertainment you're welcome
I agree that was a great time that was a
great time mu skardu says at a recent
midnight movie I saw a trailer for a
Western which had an unlikely cast sir
Sidney Poitier Harry Belafonte and
Cameron Mitchell ever have a wait ever
have any when worlds collide moments
when best of the worst fav show up in
classy Oh films not really I we kind of
understand that a lot of the celebrities
who show up and best of the worst films
are having a downturn in their career
it's not really shocking that some of
them have been in better things yeah
they're usually like you know you have
to assume that they're a draw for a
reason right
I pushed my luck rich I'm sorry jack
push my luck ni da' die dude that's your
goddamn fault not mine yeah I agree
I'm just letting you know I'll let you
know the situation I got some rods maybe
I can get some shit now Wow
oh this is terrible
I got nothing to sell well I mean I have
stuff to sell so one of the neat things
about running your shop is you get to
set the price right but the way you
determine the price is a customer looks
at it and is either you know exceedingly
happy with the price that that way to
the left we have golden eyes or and if
they're exceedingly happy with the price
they'll buy it or on the other side of
the spectrum is the one where it has
like little sweat marks on the head and
that means that it's so expensive that
they won't buy it right and those two in
the middle you know one they'll be happy
with the price and they'll buy it one
they aren't happy with the price but
there still might buy it no they'll
still buy it okay they just won't be
happy and then the popularity of the
item goes down so less people want in
the long run
okay so part of this part of your shop
is figuring out what it you know how
much people will pay for certain objects
these I think I already have figured out
yeah face whoa I don't get the sell out
because I dropped all my shit is there
competition in town not yet but I'm
still pretty early in the game it should
be there should be oh yeah okay well
we're gonna open the shop and we're
gonna sell the four items that we have
here
valiant bloodshed sis will you guys be
seeing the documentary won't you be my
neighbor which is about Fred Rogers of
Mister Rogers neighborhood it looks like
something uplifting in this dark world
we live in right now I'm pretty sure
Karen wants to see it so I'll probably
end up seeing it yeah it looks neat this
kid's gonna steal my shit
cactus mutt says noticing as I get older
my nose hairs are getting thicker
looking forward to growing older with
you fine folks here proves uses a
warrior's drink ah reference I get
reference I don't know the jack does
apparently I don't approve juice
glorious drink Worf says that about
prune juice guide and gives him prune
juice in TNG - did Guinan call it a
warrior's drinkers and he'd know it well
there you go there's a cute moment
all right I've sold all my shit and I'm
gonna close up shop cuz I go a shit get
out of it get out of here ding-dongs ask
what a waste
James jamming 10 says there's five bucks
towards the overworld rich fund I would
love to see a viscera cleanup episode
geez Jesus fuck
jesus fucking the fuck yeah
you know I Baron tome says hey rich hey
check right I've heard upstream that
neither of you are into sports it's not
entirely true
rich like I love the baseball eSports
like overwatch League are gaining more
followers and are constantly raising
money for prize pools money and prize
pools are either view more likely to be
interested in my in any eSport mm I
watched some rocket like competitive
rocket League and outside of just making
me feel ashamed to play rocket League
that was fun to watch but like asteroid
watching counter-strike once in yeah
that was boring that's fair yeah I've
seen some competitive overwatch matches
as that that is my game of choice and
it's it's all fine I get I guess like
I've never I've I don't know III had
more fun I've had more fun watching
competitive tf2 back in the day up there
there were some like I want to say there
were some like charity events were like
a bunch of you know really great tf2
players played some rounds together and
there was some really great color
commentary and you know people who knew
how to cast it right yeah and and those
games tend to last a little bit longer
than overwatch games overwatch games go
by a little quicker and so I had to I
had a lot of fun watching competitive
overwatch back in the day and
that's about it I don't I guess no I
don't care about eSports either okay
what I feel shame and reference to
watching them rocket League eSports yeah
there's people who are professionally
good at rocket League are really
insanely fucking good and they do some
shit with that rocket booster and
bounces and angles that is fucking
jaw-dropping right like have you ever
played a rocket League match we're just
one person on the other team or on your
team I guess is doing all of the air
tricks and balancing your balls and just
scoring all the goals and it gets that
far why am I even why am I playing this
why am I trying you just do your thing
man so that's that's why yeah you know
no no no disrespect to eSports but yeah
I just I'd rather be playing
the grass grass
stop it
see like here like see this skeleton
yeah you didn't have anything inside
understand but that's a fallen it been
okay okay
Oh oh I found it downside to my spear
already had swords Terrence ed says hey
guys
hi is there a Joker one-liner you've
mentioned in a show that wouldn't fly
anymore if you said them again I know we
could probably never say now back to
9/11 what you just did
Oh oh shit oh shit and now back to 9/11
I was just saying before I couldn't say
just because the jokes already been done
and so like then it's just a bad joke at
that point then Dobson says needed to
take some sick days off work and have a
messed up a sleep rhythm right now at
least I get to watch the streamline
which usually doesn't work for me keep
it up for laughter is the best medicine
will do one thing that says that isn't I
know I one thing this program does I
don't like yeah this it cuts off words
in big word yes it does that like Auto
formatting where we're like it'll say
like together but then it'll go to
gether yeah yeah yeah it doesn't
indicate that it's the input or tense
yes
agree
I am sure there is a solution to that
problem that has not been my priority
and lady Yu Guan Yu my ygg it says here
is $6 for anything but viscera cleanup
fund my recommendation Vampir a lot of
people want to see a vampy or something
I don't know what vampyre is I'm not up
on what vampyre is I've never heard of
vampeer
outside of you people asking us to play
it so I'm immediately skeptical so how
about that okay I am immediately
skeptical because you guys want us to
play very little about it so it seems
like you're mostly dungeon and you're
not really doing that much well last
time I died in the dungeon and when you
die so you have your backpack and then
you have all the items on you when you
die
everything you lose everything in your
backpack okay and so unfortunately I
didn't have a lot of things to sell my
last time okay and of course I do prefer
the dungeon so I'm gonna be spending a
little more time in the dungeon
I pushed it a little too far last time
and dungeon too hard should play a curse
to the moon or any Castlevania game you
know I guess in Castlevania was never
really my thing when I was a kid so but
I took a look at that yeah the game I'm
thinking about it just exactly looks
like Castlevania yeah I guess it's fine
it's not super exciting though
out there
yeah
yeah
Boyd beats us Jack I'm Jack give them
that you like viscera cleanup
have you checked out house flippers
talked about it earlier it's a game
where you buy dumpy houses and pain sake
staking we fix them up doing everything
from sweeping painting to installing
faucets and stuff it's on Steam it it
does it looks it looks right up my alley
might make it for a good first four
hours of we could probably get a little
comedy out of that from what I've heard
though is that it's a it's more house
decorating and less cleanup like you can
clean up but it's not like you know
viscera had this like in-depth cleanup
system where you know you were you would
leave bloody footprints if you if you
walked in here apparently like there's
just like there's a garbage zapper and
you just have to zap all the garbage
it's like you know it's not as dumb down
it's dumb down cleaning up so it's not
as visceral it's not as as in-depth you
know like I I would love it but like if
if you actually like if let's say that
the house was a mess right yeah and it
had like old crusty furniture like if
you had to like pick up the crusty
furniture and move it outside of the
house into a dumpster that would be
hilarious
exactly could you imagine you had to cut
it up and you had to cut it up or you
scuffed up the walls because you were
bumping it against the walls that would
be great
that would be so fucking great but you
can just happen does happen and so I it
might actually not beat be my thing
because it's a little simpler but I look
see it looks interesting
nope
check doesn't like cleaning games that
are too casual it's true Jack only likes
the hardcore cleaning games
what happened to Shaq foo I
there's nothing wrong with it just we
had enough
we saw what it was and you wanted to
play this I did what oh I got here I
don't know what this is okay I got I
fell down a thing and I got here and I
don't know what this is this is an open
chest but there's nothing in it was it
mediocre I kind of it wasn't it wasn't
hot garbage
it was shack food shack foods ha ha it's
check foo and and we we got cute we got
an hour out of it like this that was the
plan yeah I you make the juice Shack
made references yeah I'm gonna put
something in here that I know isn't
worth a lot of money and just see what
happens all right
are we done with slay this part yes
we've we vowed never to play it ever
again solemn vow
ever what happened that was awesome
I know what happened Ida I just wasted
it rich
that was a teleport I could have put
anything in that chest and it would have
teleported to my chest at home and I
just put three cheapo things in there
okay so I could have completely emptied
my backpack how'd it go home and grabbed
a whole shit ton more stuff now so you
have you have limited space in your
background yes but now I know what it is
so it's okay so this is like stardew
valley mining
why you just leave because I want to
kill that thing see if it gives me any
treasure apparently some of these things
you can fall down them and they there's
stuff in them like what's over here I
wonder
cheesedick - says greetings from
Mackinaw City Michigan great reading
this thanks cheesedick - combat looks
better than start doing well yeah but
you don't you don't really play started
for the combat yeah yeah I'm kind of
annoyed it's there and instar do you
wanna sleep oh yeah yeah yeah I hate the
mines so with the day/night cycle is
there a time limit for you being in this
dungeon I don't know that I think is a
really great question
I know here's what I know if you spend
too much time in the dungeon every once
in a while a creepy little eyeball will
show up in the lower left-hand corner
yeah I don't know what it means though
as I'm the type of person that I like to
kind of discover things naturally like I
just did with that other thing
oh god don't talk about star do family
again fuck about that you know what we
like things you don't like you I'm sure
I'm almost sure you like things I don't
like
yeah
nope
ah you know starter valleys a good game
that's just something you know you gotta
get used to
we like things bridge hates good games
so you found objectively good games
completely free of opinion they found an
objectively good game that's great
Mosley I guess everyone would like but I
don't like it it's how can it be an
objectively good game right there's the
flaw people I don't oh I know you were
probably joking
I know relax what we're all good man
we're all good what is it with streaming
a game and then sucking at it that mean
one once I know I'll like also I'm
getting to the point in the dungeons
where you know it is it's getting a
little harder but I feel like I was
doing really good at this game before I
started streaming and I was I was in a
good flow but now everything's just a
little again I push it too far oh and I
got nothing to sell again yeah dang you
oh wait I got more things maybe I can
get another and you know thing I got
more things maybe I can get another
thing that's a thing I just said
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
Aaron put this stuff in the thing here
here's I'm a sad subject this tutorial
was super easy why is it so hard now
right here they're throwing some shade
on you jack that's fine throw it throw
all of it I deserve it
giant lampshade I deserve it I deserve
it I'm sucking I had a really decent
haul and I should have stopped I should
have stopped but I didn't stop it was my
fault I knew it I knew it going into
that dungeon that I should have I should
have gone into that room I was like yeah
I'm almost out of space I should stop
while I got a good haul cuz now like I
don't get to show off any of the fun
running your shop stuff because I only
have three items to sell you know yeah
what you walk in the chat says rich you
sometimes wear a white Sox hat do you
really watch baseball or is it just a
hat no I I am fond of baseball - I've
been watching too much white socks
lately for one they don't really air the
white socks up in Milwaukee
not very often say it's not something I
really can watch that much and - they're
doing so terrible this year I wouldn't
be watching them anyway
it's gonna be a long rebuilding period
nice long rebuilding period mm-hmm but
I've I've enjoyed going to minor-league
games
mightily games are more fun because you
get really good seats for cheap
right so you're a fair-weather fan oh
I'm rooting for them I'm just not
watching them right now I'm a fan I'm
not a masochist do you know what's up
how cheap are we talking well I mean
it's hard for me to saying cuz every
team is gonna be different they're
probably gonna have different crises but
this is a little independent league team
I used to go to all the time when I was
in the Chicagoland area the Windy City
Thunderbolts front row seats behind home
plate like eight bucks at the time
that's pretty dang achievement pretty
dang cheap right there
easy that's that's not gonna be the same
for every minor league or independent
independent team but in in general your
tickets are gonna be dirt dirt cheap Oh
especially compared to major league like
especially if you if you compare them to
your local Major League ticket prices
yeah it's gonna it's it's not gonna be
close like close enough and you know
stadiums small enough so that there's
not too much noise pollution if if you
wanted a heckle let's play around the
opposing team they would hear it and I
got a shot more than a few dirty looks
see that you know that you're getting
under their skin when they turn and
glare at you and see that that to me is
the only heckling that should be allowed
right it only counts as heckling if the
player can clearly hear you and spot you
like because then then you're heckling
with a purpose
yeah
one was flanked izinski says one thing I
loved about Lord of the Rings yeah Peter
Jackson still had one foot in the horror
movie world all the orc designs look
like horror movie monsters and they look
amazing
yeah Jack what's your favorite miniature
from the movies from from Oh from DCF of
indiscernible comics from DC I'm a
hockey fan go caps there might be some
hockey I know they switched topics to
like comics what's your favorite DC DC
Comics oh sure sure what my favorite
miniature I don't know if if I exactly
have one I do love I've always loved the
look of the the Wraith tower if you
remember in a in Fellowship of the Rings
when they're they they just met Strider
and and they go up to that like plateau
in the middle of the woods that has all
like the ancient ruins in it and that's
where all the wraiths meet them and
stabbed Frodo do you remember that part
no I don't remember any of these great I
don't think it was actually a miniature
I just thought it was it was one of the
coolest looking locations because it had
these these like very distinct looking
ruins and it was this plateau out of
nowhere and I always liked the look of
that
but I also I won't know the name of it
because I don't have that kind of memory
where I remember like the names of
things after that has a very specific
name in the books or in the movie right
I'm sure it does you're at the rock
bridge right exactly so it's to me
that's my favorite part if you have the
extent of the orcs they have an entire
featurette in the extended editions
dedicated to all of the different orc
designs and like how they wanted the
orcs to look and and just okay here's
like 20 sketches and I'll look like
brown goop monsters oh they're very
distinct a very distinct but but they
went through different several different
iterations of what they want to be orcs
to look like brown mouse for odd twos or
something little Nosferatu II but
they're great
my favorite Peter Jackson II thing in
the Lord of the Rings is in Return of
the King when after Aragorn and Gimli
and Legolas talked to the army of ghosts
they get kicked out of the mountain on a
waterfall of skulls it's just like
hundreds of thousands of human skulls
start raining down on them and they're
like swimming through a mountain of
skulls is the crickets I always thought
that was a very Peter Jackson thing
Burger King diamond says greetings
greetings recently I've been
binge-watching the original dark shadows
on Amazon Prime okay I greatly enjoy it
both ironically and non ironically have
you ever watched it if so what are your
thoughts I never really watched it do
you know what it is dark shadow yeah
maybe I don't seventies and I'm shame
thing I had a revival in the 90s of a
short-lived but soap opera about a
vampire Oh
basically a Dracula theme soap opera yes
wasn't that I think I've seen a couple
episodes of that wasn't that very um
black box television weird like all the
black all the backgrounds were just
black backdrops I never really watched
it I know I know my gay uncle's partner
was really into it shit vampire soap
opera who wouldn't be yeah how Anne Rice
but yeah I think I know your talk I know
you're talking about they made a giant
dining jet that movie Johnny yes that
movie about it recently a remake yeah
yeah yeah yeah I'm with you
so here's we got to do a little we got a
little do a little rican jiggering of
our backpack now because we have some
items so you look here and I'm gonna be
really smart I'm gonna be really smart
I'm gonna stop adventuring I only have
two spaces left in my backpack and when
I when i crack it man Ella I'm not gonna
be really smart I'm gonna go for it I
shouldn't I should know I should be
really smart let's be really smart rich
you'd be really smart jack okay why
don't you be really strong I'm gonna
play it safe is what I'm gonna do I'm
not gonna go really smart so at any time
you can leave the dungeon I cost you 300
coins to leave the dungeon with all your
stuff oh my god so I'm gonna do that now
so I can leave with all my stuff I cost
you no money when you're dying but then
you don't get any stuff right now okay
I'm gonna play it safe I'm gonna play it
smart
oh speaking of Peter Jackson another
nerd thing did you see the trailer for
chat helped me out here the giant moving
cities the new Peter Jackson movie with
the the giant moving cities with Hugo
Weaving
mortal engines oh my god did that look
bonkers giant moving city London is a
giant city on wheels that eats other
cities and it's a movie that's happening
and it looks insane that sounds insane
yes it looks so great mortal engines
why do cities eat each other right
it's a it looks it looks like they it
looks like every city has to be on
wheels now for some reason because
future and like the London is trying to
like be the only city and so it's like
destroying other cities and taking its
inhabitants it's it looks nuts rich it
looks absolutely nuts I'm sure it should
be this sounds insane it should be
considered an anime says how might and
I'm sure it's based off of an anime or
manga or one of those it looks so nuts
it looks great I'm so excited
it looks like weirdo film okay alright
it looks like the kind of like big
filmmaking that we can do now because we
have CG and and I'm super I'm super
stoked okay oh man I want to invest in
my town this I want a lot of Italia
you've come to my town lodi failure
hunchback jack says yep hey Jack and
rich look the planning to build a new PC
please please please you already shaking
your head no oh yeah I assume what do
you think they're gonna uh here's what
I'm thinking I'm thinking they are going
to tell us specifically a component that
we need to buy or else the PC will be
subpar no oh please do PC build stream I
know they're not for everyone
but it's only one stream and I love the
others you did please consider please I
assume I assumed whoever tipped that was
gonna be a big snob please please please
you need this graphics card or else your
computer is basically a paperweight you
do know you get a de Graaff Accardo at
any time what you're building if you add
a graphics card to it probably a little
bit more memory I don't know what you've
actually did with memory it's a gaming
PC oh yeah no if we if we had a decent
graphics card and we'd probably need a
bigger hard drive we we have a basically
a backup gaming PC yeah yeah
um maybe how about that I get I should
get all the parts tomorrow maybe I could
do a Friday morning thing where where I
build it I want it done but I the thing
is I want it done by Sunday but I
suppose we could always stream building
it Sunday but I don't know if it'll take
that much you know if it'll take enough
time but I don't know I don't know I
will consider it how about that what are
you doing for operating systems I'm in
Windows yeah because because you're not
gonna play around with Linux I looked
into it xsplit does not have a Linux oh
really yeah
yeah okay OBS has a Linux run and I was
thinking about that because obviously
getting a Windows key adds another
holler to that sure to the to our cost
but we've been using xsplit with very
little problems I'm shocked they don't
never 1x version they don't have a Linux
version all right so while I would love
to mess around with that and I worry the
other thing I worry about is like not
only are we running a broadcaster off of
it it has to have the correct drivers
for our microphones for our cameras it
needs a lot of extra stuff that I would
be very worried about running a
different piece of software out of it
you know yeah you dig dual dual boot
well okay well I'm not against the
concept of dual booting we're just
having both operating systems I
understand what a dual boot is yeah I
don't want to assume you're right it
defeats the purpose of saving money by
not having to get Windows yeah that
point you may as well just have Windows
7 on there I'm not the only thing we're
literally the only thing we're planning
on doing with this is streaming from it
we're providing gaming computer sitting
right next to it yeah with the gaming
computer feeding into the streaming
computer so the only thing that's got to
worry about processing through the
stream is the streaming computer right
that's it
that's it oh you know what else we'll
need we will need a second Ethernet a
second yes we mean well because we need
the Ethernet on the gaming PC yeah to
download games and we need an Ethernet
on the streaming pc to stream yes and no
I mean really if we have shit
downloaded before the stream yeah it's
not an issue you just unplug the cord
and move it into the gaming PC to
download the game well let's steam wants
to have a fit about not being online
before we use something or if we want to
play online yeah we will we will yep
well I'm assuming the motherboard hasn't
been at port we just need another cable
yeah that's all yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
that's what I meant the and I made sure
I got one with an Ethernet port and so
you know we don't have to worry about
Wi-Fi or anything like that but yeah
we'll have to run another another
Ethernet which is just no big deal
button Ethernet card I'm assuming the
motherboard has a fucking it does I got
one well yeah of course of course
because of course I did
but I do want to crazy you you're still
in the wish list
you go on which I've still don't ygg I
still don't know how to pronounce that
okay we're going with you I like it
yoga once is rich do you guys have we
and if so did you play killer7 it's a
cult classic a killer seven was on
gamecube I believe it was and I'm aware
of its existence but I have not played
it you know neither have I and there I
believe they are releasing on PCs yeah I
know it's a pseudo game I know it's
gonna be trippy as fuck but I think it's
just like a rails sure I have no idea
yeah that'd be good idea to play maybe
it's coming to PC this fall all right
I'm willing to check it out yeah I don't
I don't know that I mean I'm sure it'll
be interestingly weird because it's
suda51
yes oh here it is he's the competitor he
just he just moved in but I can also buy
stuff from I do items that I need for
like upgrading my shit I can also buy
from him
expensive mad dog Hoek Hoke I can have
that supposed to come out I think it's
hope h OE k says start a valley is my
moment of Zen
yes I agree I love it Jack what's your
top three local craft beers uh well I
haven't been drinking much lately I'm
taking a little taking a little break
yeah but number one is MKE brewing I
about that I talk about them all the
time yeah they're there hop freak and og
beer is some of my favorite beer ever
so MKE brewing numero uno there's so
many there we we have so many craft
beers it's hard for me to even think of
them lake fronts great or not uh yeah
like lakefront is that brewery that is
like the safe micro brew like they have
a Spotted Cow and that means that that's
like a beer everyone could enjoy even if
they like shit beer like that's a nice
light beer everyone likes it so
lakefront have is a nice safe beer and
who else is local there's so many and
New Glarus man man
they're not even local I mean they're
Wisconsin but they're not local I'm
talking I'm talking about places that I
come I could walk to MKE and lakefront
brewing so ok that's local that's oh
look I got I got I got no pony in this
race oh right right I guess those are
the two those are the two I all I really
care about hey can I buy a thing now
what do I need from you yeah so you got
to I got to what MKE lakefront MKE
number one all the time so your third is
then New Glarus by just default you
heard of folks New Glarus is into stop
three they also go on to say and rich I
don't care what these floppy ass hats
say you're the best that's the that's a
fine backhanded compliment what's your
favorite Enterprise design I'm not gonna
go into this too much details I'd talk
about this all the time comes up a lot
the ivory fit enterprise slash slash
Enterprise a because they're basically
the same design from from the 80s movies
most not just my favorite enterprise my
favorite ship in science fiction mm-hmm
Wow they're physically the same model
but doesn't that make some minor
alterations for the AR my nuts saw other
subtle differences I don't know I don't
know things want the major differences
it says a it's 1701 - oh that's that's
the only difference you need to know it
has the it has the a has the
disadvantage of not being the original
enterprise the refit Enterprise from
Star Trek the motion picture and Star
Trek the Wrath of Khan
and that gets blowed up in Star Trek 3
has that added value emotionally just
from being the original beloved
enterprise only a absolutely fucking
gorgeous version of that ship what about
fire escape it's a living ship it's also
an ugly ship mmm I love first game but
boy is ugly damn dog
okay so here so here's part of it here's
part of the shopkeeping right I got this
book here yeah I got this gallon book
I tried selling it for a thousand and as
you can see a thousand was way too much
yeah
so if I decide to sell for too little
you know it sells and I get money but I
don't I don't make as much money as I
but you might find more in the future
and then you'll have a price point
exactly and so you know it's this is the
is the tricky part of the game I mean I
want to see if maybe maybe 500 we'll see
if 500 is the right call second table
here so I got some sword fragments
anyway 200 let's get away with 200 make
some money keep the chilies for now
because you can use jellies to make
potions good to Kelly says hey guys
first time tipping I just want to say
that my favorite game series is Resident
Evil and my favorite snack while
watching you guys stream our hotdogs
with two kinds of spicy mustard on them
and Jack I dip my corndogs and barbecue
sauce YUM when I was then um to me did
you say something about barbecue sauce
at some point not liking it I will kill
barbecue sauce on barbecue I guess ok
yeah I have no strong feelings about
barbecue sauce ok I'm glad you like the
things you like thank you for the tip it
seems weird that that would be I think
they just wanted me to go off of mustard
oh that could be it that'd be my guess
spider oh yeah that's cool you like
would you like ma'am not everybody likes
same things oh there's a thief
that guy's a thief he has a little thief
mask what are you are you are you
racially profiling he's wearing black
rich that's his culture that's that's
the coat that's what does people wear
it's this culture oh he's starting get
out here yeah I don't steal my shit and
if people wait too long at the cash
register they leave shit
now when people come in sometimes they
have a little bandit mask
why the fuck would they do that well
they do that because you have to man the
register if people wait in line too long
they get pissed and as your customers
grow and grow you have to decide whether
you want to take care of your customers
or let them steal something you know oh
shit what did I let go for two cheap can
you restock while this is all going yeah
yeah you can well if I had stuff to
restock with all right a thousand is too
expensive for this let's try 600 Jack an
old stream you talked about how much you
hate barbecue sauce but it was years ago
oh well I'll think of a better message
some other time okay I see I knew it was
trying to get under our skin I guess I
could I could sense it spider senses
were going off you know I and I maybe
I've softened my views on barbecue sauce
a bit over the years I'm not super fond
de I mean I'm I'm barbecue I am if I got
if I got me some some some barbecue pork
I like a little barbecue sauce I'm not a
I'm not a barbecue sauce fanatic Wow
okay I really thought this was worth
more money than it is worth apparently
about 200 who wants it give another
thief no shop I know and I'm right here
I'm watching them I wish there's a way
to scare mo off like get out of here get
out of here maybe maybe you can hire a
security at some point no that'd be nice
- huh oh wow this thing is worth nothing
this is a Crystal Rock maybe you have to
like forge it first or something maybe
50 50 bucks give me any money for this
fucking Rock okay 50 bucks 50 bucks is
what it's worth
gosh damn what's that the happy price
that was the happy price
I suppose he can't steal anything right
now he could have stole one Rock on a
table he could have stole that but yeah
get out of here thief oh shit did I miss
label that
he's still your register I'm gonna
assume not but you know I guess you
never know like you have nothing the
salt why are these people still here
well cuz the shops open and I want to
close it get out and I got nothing gives
you a little rundown of what you sold
and then you know the popularity of the
things that you sold which is something
that you have to keep track of so you
can know if you can charge more for the
things mr. Joshua TX says the heat index
in Dallas today was 103 he just wanted
you to know that thanks also how much to
do us critters to review like did you
watch the critters review and it's
basically add critters 1 & 2 review and
it's kind of its kind of a done it be it
be redundant by the way I watched the
critters review I think it's my favorite
episode of review oh yeah he haven't
watched the critters review it's it's
great I I have not watch the critters
review
alright now we got some potions
I gotta get rid of that stuff in my
backpack and then we're gonna go back to
the dungeons
need some needs more of these red things
that's what I'm gonna be looking for
have we watched shunned I remember that
being in the video store all the time
when I was a kid I don't believe I ever
seen chud though yeah I've never I also
I've never seen shed
I remember that being that being a very
interesting encounter where I referred
to someone as a chud yeah
and I I went out when I referred to them
as a cheddar I meant just kind of like a
schlubby dude okay
like oh that guy oh yeah he's a chud
like you know doesn't like like I'm like
I am a chud okay like I don't
necessarily dress up I'm just kind of
Schwabe like I don't I don't you know I
I would consider myself like a just
shorts in a t-shirt that's a chud in my
in my head like a Chad almost right yeah
I vote so that's what I've always
considered a Chad just like a generally
a generally schlubby dude so like I I
probably refer to us as Judds and J was
like what the hell are you talking about
cuz of course he was talking about what
does Chad stand for right now
cannibalistic humanoid underground
dweller the movie Judd and I was like
now it's not what it said is what are
you talking about and it was just a very
strange encounter with with Jay and
myself not understanding you weren't
even thinking about the movie then I've
never heard of the movie I've never
heard of the movie until Jay I've never
heard anyone use chugged the way you did
exactly it was weird you pulled that out
of your butt no I've heard someone I've
heard two people refer to normal-looking
dudes as chunce
I swear this is a real thing I'm telling
you oh okay
I've heard it you know you know you know
what that's that's just fine give me a
bonus shit
awesome worth mentioning of critters it
was the director who did Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure bonus journeys
better and that's the guy who did
thunder pets which I've seen now I've
seen Thunder pants now oh what did you
what did you think quality film yeah
it's not bad
I am only about a boy who farts okay
ready for it yeah ready for my big my
big criticism of thunder pants uh-huh
too many farts make it got to the point
where the fart wasn't even funny anymore
they're to the White Castle crave pack
too many white castle's by the way yes
exactly that's exactly it just too many
these gloves these are some smashing
gloves that's a normal thing yes we got
too much of everything yeah like I
brought it I brought it with me on a on
a trip with a couple of family friends
and you know they have kids my kids age
yeah and I thought that that that
thunderpants was going to be the hit of
the night like hey guys yeah I brought a
movie for us and the kids to watch
Thunder fan and you know like at first
the fart ain't like what what it's what
it seemed like is that they weren't
utilizing the fart jokes properly you
know like he was farting but it never it
the farting was never funny it was just
there he would have been the wet blanket
and Underpants up I probably would have
been I probably would have been so there
fine you know what I'll take that
I'll be the wet blanket I don't care
it's not where I want any of you you
sell twigs for much no you need to quit
what kind of asshole buys a twig
I usually I put the twigs in the sail or
the root in the sail or you can take all
of these and put them here and it gives
you a little bit of money for them so I
just got seven gold for those five twigs
which you know you do with lower-level
items to make room for the good stuff
which I'm doing now we're gonna put up
there yourself or crap to get rid of you
use I want okay great
Thanks easy
boom great everything's great
everything is great are you sure uh no
yeah everything's great I just got a
pool - Hollywood you gonna discover rich
Evans oh they did they just wisely
decided to leave me alone look at that
what's what's that what's that oh just
leave them they're leaving their kids
find out try not to stare
oh great we did it
we did it
oh I see I see I see what's going on
here some of these guys gonna have
conditions like this guy he can only be
on the left or right side of the bag
what and this guy destroys one item in
the direction of this mover so you want
to put him on the bottom where else he
destroys another item but like these
vines don't sell for much like I'm
trying to get rid of them and I have
some health potions so this is the warp
trunk this is not the warp drive this is
just a treasure trunk for defeating a
room so I'm just finding places for my
stuff in my backpack okay so but now
things get very particular about where
they can sit in your backpack so there's
there is there's like minor
rearrangements that you need to do
just use things there's things
great
everything's great
in this game I'm really enjoying it so
that's good
this was another one this is another one
that I was thinking about stubbornly
waiting for the switch release because
you know I like playing stuff on my
suede you know I like playing oh I know
you like playing when you take a dump i
but yeah well also when I leave the
house the only noticeable advantage of
the switch or when I leave the house
which is which is only slightly more
often than when I take a dump
I'll be honest with you but this got
pushed back till you know that nebulous
sometimes soon mark and I like yeah I
just kind of want to play it now and I
do I like it but I could see this being
a good switch game ooh new zone what is
this
into a new zone I've never been to a
zone 3 before one more item dropped by
that strange jelly creature this one is
a little more straightforward than the
mirror similar to our pendants if given
enough gold we can portal to safety but
and this is a big but the portal remains
open after use meaning one may travel
back to this very spot - they departed
from oh no no why would you want to
travel back because this is the third
level of this dungeon okay and so
instead of going through level 1 & 2 you
can go right to the 3rd to get the
better treasure I assume I just call it
the catalysts quick tip catalyst
requires quite a bit more gold than our
pendants
rich won't even acknowledge project
Horner anymore
there's no news on private toward it
there you go like that's why I didn't
address it like I saw you talking about
it I'm not blind
but I have literally nothing to share
with you about it so I chose to remain
silent
you see they do yeah no news sorry we've
we've kind of hit a we've kind of hit a
wall with that given time in our and
rich and i's resources so well let's
give this a try how much more money does
this cost
wait what but where's my portal why did
it go away cuz it's day oh maybe maybe
that's it let's see if I can buy what I
want to buy need some armor well I
wouldn't say it's scuttle just yet so
its scuttled and dead no it's I mean
we've we've hit a we've hit a wall that
is going to be difficult to overcome
working on it is what I can say
we've hit we've hit a logistical wall
stay stay it's a problem right now this
is you know this is this is the good
problem of moonlighter this turns out to
be a very long bit I'ma be mad how how
many times have we said both of us that
don't don't get too worked up about this
project Hornet right like it's gonna be
the most underwhelming things we never
said it was going to be right it's just
something we don't feel like talking
about until we have more information and
you got you it's you people in the chat
that keep blowing this up into a big
deal when it's really not one see this
is this is the this is the fun this is
the fun bit of moonlighter rich yeah
some of these things can get me a decent
amount of money yeah but I need them for
the stuff that I want to build to go
into the dungeons okay god I need that
money to go back and forth and so you
know like there it has that given flow
are there costs associated with running
your shop do you need to buy food for
yourself do you have rent you have a
mortgage no oh no records here has a
mortgage it seems like the shop keeping
oh isn't a very important part of this
game is is that the episode rich
moonlighter it might be moonlighter
versus records here might be that you
said that and I'm like very disappointed
why cuz it sounds like the shop
management just it's not very detailed
there's no depth no I you know there's
they're selling stuff that's that's all
the rich wanted food on a mortgage well
if you're gonna make a game about
running a business
expenses are a part of that
of course that's running a business
that's the whole run in the business
side of run of the business
absolutely it doesn't have to be fun
over realism then just make a game where
you were a hero who explores dungeons
why bother with the shop right I I think
part a part of the theming that they're
going with with moonlighter is the fact
that you your character so you know a
little bit of the story bit in the
beginning of the game says that you know
like running the shop is more of an
obligation to you is it's it's a shop in
your family right okay I'm listening but
I'm so what I think I think what they're
trying to go for is you as a character
want to be an adventurer but you run the
shop out of an obligation and so the
theme that I think they're trying to go
for is managing your time between your
obligation and your passion there their
theme is wasted premise is wasted wasted
premise well I guess we know what our
next episode is gonna be cuz we got
something to talk about let's open this
yep
chat I can still be listening and not
like what I'm hearing your seat
damnit I just lost a high-level Ranger
and XCOM to Iron Man ow
very sorry ow I am I I tend to play
aggressively Rangers are the back the
backbone oh sure
the backbone of my team
ha ha thief came in too late get out of
here XCOM 2 is is the PS plus free game
of the month for anyone who is a PS Plus
member I get out I got nothing else to
sell there's an economic system inside
the game for example if you sell a lot
of something particular it affects the
other shops
well yeah but other than getting in and
out of the mine money seems really
unimportant well yeah well yeah you need
money to get the stuff you there is this
whole town and shop upgrade system to
get more people to your town to to
upgrade your shop you know you get new
stuff this kind of stiff can't buy
anything I can I can get a new I can get
an iron cash register next comp 2 is
less a tactics game and more a graveyard
simulator hey I've I've gotten through
it once with no losses
it's really dicey at the end though I
had to add the at the end in the last
mission when I won mmm I had a guy who
was bleeding out and no way to heal him
right no idiot he was bleeding out and I
goddamn it no I'm gonna do it and she
does to people bleeding on I was getting
I was getting my ass kicked but you made
it to the inside of your guy die still
counts still counts
okay if I don't stream it that it never
happened yeah I'm gonna agree with rich
on that one sometimes sometimes you
gotta play him just for you you know
okay maybe I did the myportal wrong nice
thing back I might have done my portal
thing wrong I just Christian I just yeah
a little christen my boat we lived
forever your you you you you might live
to regret that one this second voyage no
crashes rocks I think that's a reference
to something
I just want another epic rich marathon
stream oh look a full playthrough of
XCOM - that's more than on marathon
stream that's that's like weeks a couple
weeks of playing
hmm
so Chat Chat quick question how do I use
that other gem that gives me the the
thing that I want all right
tell Jack he used the necklace instead
of the portal book oh I need to equip it
like this no nope did I just spend money
on that god damn it I think I did
does that not take you where you need to
go no I needed to use this in the first
place
okay oh dang it and I might have just
spent money on that portal can you close
it and report all somewhere else oh you
just fucked I think I'm just farted I
think I just lost money but and take it
just gonna deal with it okay so yeah now
I got to get back to where it was and
use the book I get it now that's fine
that's how we learn that's how we learn
sweet jiminy Christmas
eglee says hey Phyllis I'm participating
in this year's 48 hour film project I
have new orleans for the third time
nice what's your best slash worst
memories working on it yourselves any
pointers
thanks be excellent to each other I know
that I have any ranked worse or best
memories pointers probably do pointers
we've talked pointers before one one
thing that's really important is
delegating jobs yep I know that was one
of our issues of the year of the Great
Space Jam is you know we started
brainstorming ideas and everyone had
great ideas yeah but everyone had them
and we we couldn't pick a direction to
go in
yeah and so make someone your writer
make someone your director make you know
make someone your actor like just choose
who's gonna do what job before hand or
else it turns into a bit of a
clusterfuck
sounds like sound advice yep and you
know just make sure you have a decent
scope in mind something you can shoot
but and I have some fun those are great
I think there's good fun to be had in
those

[Part II]
you're the one says rich you know I like
your pronunciation better TI Jung
killer7 is coming out for PC thank you
both for that PS how does gifting stuff
to you guys
function if you want to gift us a game
on Steam there's an option to email it
to someone when you buy a game you say
is you know either you say this is for
me or this is a gift and then you just
send it to prereq at red letter media
dot-com I believe there is a similar
gifting system with GOG games where you
can email it to someone and that's
probably the best way to do it yeah
so yeah bring the film doesn't have to
be 48 hours runtime no shit ah never
either of you played the state of
decayed to yet I'd love to see your
review it's basically the first game
though with co-op
now that's underwhelming I like the
first game well enough with the second
was just just like the first but with
co-op uh I you know rich Evans rich
Evans don't give no shit about co-op
right rich Evans games alone I would
just get in his way
it should be in the fucking back again I
that was one time twice twice you shoot
a guy in the back one time and never
forgets did you shoot me when were
driving in the car once well that was
just an accident that was gonna shoot
you in the back situation that was that
I just shot accidentally it's
disappointing to hear because I like
state of decay okay yes yeah they did
state of decay I always want to call the
dead said hmm that's my own personal
Mandela effect sure it was good but
something felt it felt like half-baked
okay
didn't feel like they were telling a
complete story so if it's just like the
first one with co-op that means they
fixed nothing and added something I
don't care about chair oh wait these
rooms I can go down no okay all right
there's a healing pool
we're closely linked to the the clip of
Jack check your screen it would that
clip doesn't have enough views compared
to some of our other famous clips that
clip is very underappreciated fun stuff
it was fun stuff it's very silly oh yeah
yeah you know it happens III Maxo
dentists I have to deal with a person in
chat now I am definitely not into mmo's
so it's a I guess it's cool if they want
to turn to state of decay into an MMO
type of thing but yeah
it's a pretty decent haul
all right so what I'm remember you said
on the enemy Ridge yeah but I didn't
shoot Jack I'm not saying I'm brilliant
at pump G quite the opposite
lutely says i sent you the same to a
twice same tip twice who cares
not me bangerang bangarang
bangarang
ah okay now it stays there all right yes
I I know I like Friday the 13th and I
know I I like rocket League there are
exceptions to every rule but in general
in general as a general rule then there
are exceptions to I forgave me alone
what that's highway well fine like you
gonna ask me rich wouldn't you love to
play so the breath of the wild co-op and
I would answer you know
the cells of breath of the wild co-op no
I think I think that's one of the mods
really I think so it's either currently
a mod or something they are working on
interesting but as I'm not interested I
did not look into it further right
what rank at my own rocket League in
three versus three or the others um I
don't know that I'm very high in three
versus three because I mostly enjoyed
playing 2 V 2 O 2 V 2 is great that's
intense though I think I got to the
bottom tier Gold the last time I was
playing but it's been it's been so long
I hope that's things stays there
I made an oopsie rich 2 V 2 is where is
where rocket League gets very oh good
gets very nerve-wracking oh I love to be
- oh yeah yeah but like you know 3 V 3
is uh is a little more is it a little
more loose you know you have two other
people in your peripheral that can cover
your ass if you fail oh yeah into your
partner's a dipshit yeah you're done or
if you're a dipshit you feel like
garbage nothing's worse than when you
start of a match - V - and my partner
just wants to sit the net and be goalie
and I'm like how the fuck am I supposed
to score you have to I like TV because
you have to be a little bit flexible
into V - mmm you don't necessarily want
somebody who's just dedicated on defense
now you you can stick around half ready
to go back in a hurry right don't sit in
the goal you need to you need one well
and by the way you never want to sit in
the goal because anyone who can make the
shot it doesn't matter if you have full
boost they're gonna make the shot
whether you're in the goal or not like
you need to play a little more forward
even if you're on defense but then yeah
if it's - V - you need to be there for
the assist as well that's why I like
that's why like - V - yeah
yeah it's great okay
crap I don't need to marry you I should
sell you I'm assuming they knock you
down if you haven't played long enough
or do they have like start a new season
or something and I'd be reset anyway Oh
proud I'm sure my rankings are all on
the toilet right now yeah yeah of course
I think you have to Rio penny season
rich what's alike more 2 V 2 or 2 versus
2 well 2 V 2 saves you 2 syllables and
anybody who isn't a dipshit knows what
you're talking about
so I go to V 2 damn yeah maybe get your
shit together man you're also probably
just a bit rusty in rocket League oh I'm
sure I am look I haven't I haven't
played in a while now
there's a Jurassic Park DLC there's a
Jurassic Park cars DLC well or you know
the furred there's a everything they do
now is loot crate 10% know what I'm
saying
point zero three percent chance to get
the item you want yeah I'm work crates
lol well they're doing yeah they're
doing a Jurassic Park DLC where you can
get the G the Jurassic Park jeeps I used
to I used to support the deal scene
because I like them yeah they did you
know I want that car that car cost two
bucks I'll buy that car yeah but now
that they started their loot crate crap
I haven't had a budget though you know
also because I haven't been playing but
even before I just stopped playing I
stopped buying shit once they started
doing the loot crate crap agreed agreed
one day plenty of my are doing fine
with the loot crate Scranton
please stop playing shitty indie games
this sucks
bye goodbye look if you want us to play
The Last of Us it's it's just not gonna
happen that's not us man you don't have
to be here to watch man you just be you
go we go someplace else
we have a tendency to like indie games
please shit we like there's there's
there's a whole internet out there man
full of full of fantastic things to
watch you don't you don't have to be
here you can find him someone else is
playing Counter Strike right now right
this very right this very moment Counter
Strike go yeah I believe in you you can
do it thanks for coming by though we
appreciate it
that's Pascal says yeah pest skill the
skill Pascal is donate of a wager that
would be fantastic
donating a wager this is some of pesco
so I get a simple tip here I get to
listen and chuckle at work to the
youtube uploads okay favorite breakfast
cereal peanut butter Captain Crunch
kills it for me but I keep I keep a
little I keep it to once per year as a
treatment love the rlm crew thanks for
the laughs well you can only get it in
October these days but Frankenberry
otherwise I'm quite fond of Apple Jacks
and there's a generic there's a generic
Lucky Charms that I like more than I
like Lucky Charms
I was marshmallow marshmallow matey's
marshmallow mateys marshmallow mateys
yeah and I'm not a big fan of cereal
i-i've never been a big fan of breakfast
cereal oh I don't I don't have it often
but when I do those are my go-to okay no
and and you know if I have a go - like
splurge E breakfasts like a sweet
splurge E breakfast I'm going pop-tarts
all the way yeah all the way I could be
popped
I could eat pop-tarts all day every day
I love them I mean the pastries is
they're just they're Donuts they're thin
doughnuts but no I'm a savory breakfast
person I like eggs and bacon and that
kind of stuff so I'm not a I ain't one
of them serial type persons
I know well we get more Friday the 13th
streams probably less and less as time
goes on I don't know how I don't know
how long there's gonna be a community of
people playing multiplayer games
as one of the reasons I don't like
getting in the multiplayer is because
you know in like a few more years
there's gonna be literally nobody
playing Friday the 13th so for like my
favorite game ever that would just be
depressing mm-hmm oh we've had we've hit
some sort of glitch yep my controller is
working but I can't select anything in
menu oh my god oh here I can select
stuff it was probably some kind of
reasoning that's probably not a glitch
there's probably something going on
looking at the crafts and better grafted
before this yeah showed it for a second
but now it's gone
you have to hit the button first select
no see look look it shows it for a
second are you not able to craft those
things so it's not going to highlight
them no you can still look at everything
I do not know what to tell you this is
glyph this is what we call a good one
I'm gonna do I'm gonna go in my house
and I'm gonna go outside my house and
when I see if that fixes it that Rhys
does that reset you Forge man what is
happening let's go talk to that lady
maybe she can help
you sold ingredients you needed to craft
the upgrade Jack in all caps no I didn't
know I didn't in all caps look look look
look do you not have them on you know
that well they take him from the their
chests sure yeah
are you sure 100 behind hundo percent
alright alright see my chest full of all
my ingredients I'm fine tell Jack look
in the bottom right hand corner of the
screen when he's talking to the
blacksmith okay thank you that's what I
need what is these what is he saying in
the bottom left hand corner I'm looking
in the bottom left-hand corner
right hand corner oh yeah but right now
I'm not so I'm not selected on I don't
want that whatever it's selected on I
see like look at top top right corner is
fabric bandana I don't want a fabric
bandana okay I'm trying to select
anything else in there's only one other
thing that menu right right but no no
rich I can't select anything okay
see well doesn't even look like the one
thing you're talking about is
highlighted exactly like it's this is a
bug I'll tell you what why you saved
yeah I'm saved what are you now you're
talking
now you're talking a little bit above I
tried using the keyboard and the same
thing happened you go one says rich
you mentioned mark Wade's irredeemable
sometime before
no I didn't I did Jack did okay
projected Jack is the one who currently
reads comic books yes I have not set
foot into a comic book store in possibly
over a decade
did you read insufferable it's Batman
and Robin if Batman was Robins actual
father and Robin decided to strike a
deal with Nike what Nike yes is Nike a
villain in the Batman universe assuming
he made a shoe deal as Robin okay oh
okay maybe like he he was kind of maybe
he was a spoil he sold out he was a
spoiled kid yeah didn't he didn't earn
it he didn't respect the mantle of Robin
okay I haven't read that I liked I liked
what I read of irredeemable though
Richi mentioned that you were a princess
well well technically I did mention that
I was a prom queen rich is not a
princess rich is the fucking fraud I
never made any claims to being a
princess right I believe here we go see
so now see in the menu how I can like
select things it was just a glitch okay
and I should yes and see here I have all
of the things I needed so everyone just
settled down all the things I needed to
upgrade my my fighter gloves will McGill
two five six one of the chances Jack
Jack our comic books still a mess like
they were ten years ago yes what uh what
a weird and ambiguous question comics
are always gonna be a mess it's a it's a
it's a never comic books are neverending
story lines by design no DC ends them
all the time fucking start over but see
that's not ending um that's just
returning given you just churning right
you're just churning the same shit and
so I think no matter what comics will
always be a mess and you're always gonna
have high points and you're always gonna
have low points but there's Lobos like a
goth now yeah sure sure
turn it around what is he coming out now
now he's a medieval knight why not turn
it again sorry
turn it again what is he now a
businessman playboy just keep going keep
churning so wait that's not what I want
to do
so yes comic books are mess but that's
not necessarily a bad thing is maybe
what I'm saying comic books are just
gonna be a mess and we have to accept
that as fans I guess that's what I'm
referring to stupid ideas mixed with
constantly stopping and rebooting
characters well it sounds like the
rebooting has gotten even worse a Marvel
who once built built their empire on a
solid continuity seems they've just
thrown that continuity into the fucking
trash like 30 times
eat on it yes I just picked up their P
and put it back in the trash and then
churned it out again like that's and
it's it's just like I said it's just
part of these things these these are the
same stories and characters that we've
had for a long time
and they're they just never stop but you
know there's there's always gonna be
good in there as well even if they
reboot there will be good because there
are good artists in the world who love
comic books so you might have to you
have a remember Thor horse remember that
remember when Thor was a goddamn horse a
woman Jane Foster Thor I don't know okay
I just don't know it's too much Thor
hasn't interacted with with Kamala
recently so I that's my extent of
knowledge
right
jimin's yeah don't you be broken notes
rich baby Yaga doesn't have chicken legs
her house does when when the fuck that I
ever claimed babba Yaga had chicken legs
what does this ever happened I don't
know yeah Gus House has chicken legs
I've talked about that aspect of baby
yoga
what's a Russian folklore thing okay and
her house has chicken leg Ross's chicken
legs they can get up and walk away
first of all that's great yeah but I I
never claimed that she had chicken legs
and I'm wondering what this person is
getting that that they would be
correcting me about it a baby Yaga who
i've not talked about on stream for like
eight months I don't know who is Captain
Marvel by the way is she linked with
Doctor Strange power-wise no Captain
Marvel is strong and can fly Captain
Marvel is the former Miss Marvel and
she's just really strong and can fly and
possibly die invulnerable she has weird
powers if you knew like think about
rogue in the x-men cartoon remember how
rogue was really strong and could fly
she was like Superman that's Miss Marvel
miss Marvel's Superman without the laser
eyes okay that's her power set right now
she's not magic
she gets her powers from aliens I think
she's a former Miss Marvel now Captain
Marvel cuz now Miss Marvel is Kamala
Khan who has stretchy
Biggi Grohe powers
you Kamala Khan still super popular or
some kind of numbers dropped no I think
the the the problem is when looking at
comic book numbers yeah a lot of people
look at what look at physical sales and
if you look at physical sales comic
books across the board have dropped but
digital sales are rather healthy okay
still for Kamala not not groundbreaking
because comics is still as crazy niche
market but uh that's fine yeah you know
what her and you know she had a her let
her latest collection of stories it was
pretty outright she had it she had some
good runs
she had an in she had an interesting
thing she's kind of right now she's kind
of wavering for me though like I don't
think they know what to do with her at
the moment which sucks but you know
who's having a lot of fun is that that
moon girl and devil dinosaur they're
having a lot of fun they're getting
weird powerful gloves more powerful
arrows more powerful gloves is what we
want I don't know
nope that's not what I want because I
don't have no oh I don't have enough
gold for either of those Oh fine I
didn't want I don't want your
enchantments anyway rich you said on an
episode of best of the worst and you
were having to stay in Jays uncle's
graveyard to get his inherent parodies
well I said what specifically we talked
about the Babbitt yet baby yeah you did
we you did mention Baba Yaga I'm sure I
didn't say that she has chicken legs you
maybe something got weird in the editing
process but I'm well aware I am well
aware that it is her hot that his
chicken legs because Betty Yaga is in
quest for glory and you have to find a
way inside of her hut which is walking
chicken wings so I am well aware that
it's the hut that has the chicken legs
that makes sense now I I
whilst D India huh many of the manuals
you know have like all you know sketches
and illustrations and one of the
sketches is of a group of adventurers
fighting a house with chicken legs and I
kept thinking to myself what a strange
monster but apparently that is uh that
is oh wait no no I have my thing I have
my thing why am I going there rich I'm a
dummy I'm a big dummy I have a portal
already hey teleport nope teleport I
have a portal
thank you store a storm Templar I was
about to fire I forgot that I had a
portal but I remember now everything's
good hopefully we still get that quest
for glory stream at some point it
wouldn't be a smooth stream though
there's there's a little bit of grinding
involved with quest for glory
if it were pure Sierra style puzzling
that'd be one thing but it's it isn't
necessarily that sure like if you want
to try and sneak pass an area you're
you're sneaking stat has to be
appropriately leveled you want to pick a
lock
well your your lock picking needs to be
appropriately leveled and and leveling
that shit up is awfully tedious gotcha
awfully T is I have no idea why it's
designed that way just tight and you
know get get people's time into it right
you got it you got a design time sinks
that's tomorrow the story
get them time sinks
you want to make sure people get their
money's worth out of your games and
sometimes that means time mr. Joshua TX
says perhaps a review of one of Frank
Decker classics night of the creeps or
Monster Squad I don't remember anything
about night of the creams because I
think the last time I saw it I was a wee
lad
sure and I don't have particularly fond
memories of Monster Squad the the first
time the the first and only time I've
seen Monster Squad was that night that
we watched frozen at Monster Squad yeah
it's cute it's cute
I have I have honestly just no really I
have no strong feelings about Monster
Squad other people might I'm not one of
them yeah
Pro Austin C says apologies if anyone
made a similar joke but I was
disappointed that biscuit was first out
of his hurt contract so that I could get
another white male throwing their
opinions at me on the hit series
previously recorded damn shame many
people have made that comment on the
latest video I rolled you son of a bitch
I rolled damn it damn it Jack do you
have any interest in receiving a
point-and-click adventure game called
the cave as a gift I might have it Jack
might have it that sounds familiar
oh is that the Ron Gilbert game I don't
know I never I never got into the point
and clicks I know no no I think it's a
recent like after um after they had Ron
Gilbert come back for oh shit what was
the Double Fine adventure game after Ron
Gilbert came back for a bit of broken
age and that was very successful in the
Kickstarter Ron Gilbert wrote a new
adventure game here's here's two
comments back to back okay the cave was
pretty good the cave wasn't good from
what I've heard
back to back this is all we got to deal
with chat everytime this is exactly what
we have to deal with every single time
this is why we have trust issues
bran flakes 4547 says quick reminder to
rich you would love System Shock 2 it's
like dead space if it were actually
scary so yeah you're comparing it to
dead space not thief because then I was
made by well some of the same people I
find that interesting yeah like for
riches sake you want to sell them on the
floor thing 1 Deus Ex has got a better
comparison than dead space and it's made
by the same game directories thief there
you go I tipped enough money to buy the
game last time but I'm between jobs
right now cheers friends
um I am certain I have a copy
System Shock 2 yeah that's a classic
Bioshock is a better comparison well you
do know that Bioshock is the spiritual
sequel to System Shock 2 but they didn't
have the rights to System Shock 2 so
they just made a different shot game
they made a different game in somewhat
similar style and there's a very good
reason why Bioshock is a game you would
want to compare it to System Shock
sounds like this sounds like a bunch of
horse hockey
maybe they were commenting more about
the story of System Shock 2 and dead
space having similar ideas monsters on a
cramped ship we're talking about games
though that's a horrible way to compare
things fair games with similar gameplay
usually that is what is done this is
when you get into it was just like
Helldivers when it's nothing like
Helldivers because it's a person who
hasn't gone uncharted 4
it's just like Helldivers it's just a
bad comparison
hopefully Helldivers and ages I'm
assuming nobody plays it anymore because
it's a multiplayer focused game yeah
well I wonder oh wow I wonder if people
play Helldivers anymore
what do you think chat do people play
Helldivers anymore that was a lot of fun
that Helldivers yeah I remember
Helldivers yeah that's a good time we
had some good streams some good streams
good plane health average says 180
players on average a hundred Steve
eighty 180 not 180,000 180 yeah so that
games choking out that's a big fat nope
right and then at a certain point
they're gonna stop they're gonna stop
you know maintaining the servers they're
probably all really good and they would
probably all be frustrated with you for
being busty
we're not playing it whatever they think
the right way is mmm zero people were
playing forty one minutes ago the plan I
know I know and everyone loves to point
out that that rich loves you know rocket
League and Friday the 13th but here is
the downswing of multiplayer only game
but I am very aware of I'm like this is
this that's part of the reason I avoid
getting into a multiplayer game I want
to fall in love with the game and then
nope it's gone now you're gonna play
ting I nobody plays it you're fucked
yup yeah
is there a single-player option
Helldivers plays like crap single
players - it's way too hard well you can
get away with some of the easier
missions if you're playing it a little
bit stealthy yeah but it's I mean it is
you can't you can play a single player
it doesn't work as well yeah it's it's
just not designed it's just not designed
for that
but presumably we would lose interest
and stop playing it as the same time as
everyone else it's called The Zeitgeist
wrench I don't think like other people
I'm sorry right and you know the what
the point what the point is is sure you
you might lose interest but then maybe
one day you go oh you know what I'm
cravin you know what I'm craving rich
right now I'm craving a little breath of
the wild yeah and so you know what I do
stick breath of the wild oh oh great
five years from now I stick it into play
have you played a game right you notice
playing last night huh doom doom came
out 1993 right and so that's that's one
of those things when you when you when
you buy something you you expect to you
know use that thing whenever you want
right until you know and and that's the
downside the multiplayer has upsides and
downsides and there's no arguing that I
personally think that the upsides can
outweigh the downsides because I maybe I
play old games more often than the
average person don't know I don't care
but it's what I do
well you know there's there's downsides
and there's upsides and I think to me
the the the challenge and the the joy
that I get from completing the challenge
of multiplayer games playing against the
most dangerous game humans multi is
worth it
multiplayer works when you can host your
own server if you just want to play with
three other people Jack you are
literally the only other person I know
who plays games you're like literally
out of everyone I am close to are the
only other person well there you go well
host a server rich I hop on I have
plenty of these I know I just sold those
but I think I have plenty of them oh gee
doom and Wolfenstein give me a headache
now like like how so turn turn head Bob
off that might be your problem don't you
tell me how many I have that would be
nice it'd be really nice if it told me
like how many vines I have like in my
keep those I guess oh I know I have a
million rods I don't need any more rods
what are your opinions in physical media
going away in favor of digital
downloading well it depends upon whether
or not I can back up that digital
download yeah uh yeah and you know I'm
I'm a big fan I have a big fat hard
drive just like a lot of shit backed up
uh-huh and honestly I should probably
get a third you know second I should
probably get a second backup for my
backups of all of my shit oh well if you
don't have a second then you don't have
a backup well no I mean oh okay I have
the you know the original on my computer
but I got a second hard drive sure how
much shit on it I should really have a
secondary backup sure sure
it won't hurt it won't hurt to have
another copy of all the stuff using the
cloud I don't trust the fucking cloud
then you got a man shit that's giving
somebody else control your ship then you
got to make sure that that company ain't
going anywhere cuz oh yeah speaking of
trust in the fucking cloud right yeah um
my script writing software yeah is is
internet-based okay I use I use Adobe
story bundled in with Adobe's Creative
Suite Adobe a fairly large and
respectable company all of a sudden they
they say you know what nobody's using
Adobe story we're shutting it down we're
shutting it down so yeah all my scripts
all my everything gotta have your own
backups
oh no well and you know they gave me
plenty of time to down okay okay but the
moral of the story is like it's an
online service from a big company that
they're shutting down look at luckily
they get like they they're not shutting
down until next year yeah but and so
they give you a full year to download
all your stuff and they give you all
your stuff in PDF form and they're
really nice about that but there's a
cloud service that I never would have
thought would have gone away because
it's from a big company but not
profitable
got to go somewhere else now see you
sucker bye right yeah got fine new
script writing software I don't use my
hard drive don't use your hard drives in
raid nope
rate is well depends what type of raid
you're talking about
I heard there's some versions of raid
we're basically just it's functions like
a backup I don't know but the raid the
way I usually think of it as one they
have they they increase the speed of
speed of your hard drives by running
like three hard drives at once a part of
the information is on one hard drive and
basically if you have three hard drives
and raid it triples the search time
because three hard drives are looking
for the same information at once the
problem is you're tripling your your
potential failure points right but you
can also set up a raid to kind of split
a hard drive into two different
partitions
that's just partitioned hard drive oh
you're right you're talking about having
two hard drives in one p in one PC two
or more or two or more you're right
basically did in theory if you you're
running a raid and it doubles or triples
the speed of your you know search from
your hard drives just think about how
many how many hard drives are using sure
but then wouldn't that have like
wouldn't that be basically built-in
backup
no because it's splitting this part of
the information on one drive like you
have one movie part of the movie might
be on the first it's the way it works
it's not quite like that
oh okay that is very different than how
I understand well there's different
types of raid so I don't know exactly
what they're referring to there's some
types works basically a backup huh
you're thinking about raid0 rich yeah
cuz that was that raid0 was really cool
but I never really set up a system that
used it raid 1 is the simplest that
basically just mirrors all the data
between two drivers I've never set set
that up I've always just put a second
hard drive in an external enclosure and
they just manually copied the
information might be smart of me if I
did set that up or I'd like the backups
were already in there but mm-hmm yeah
there's a there's a really great Apple
feature called time machine and
basically if you have a nice sized
external hard drive hooked up to your
Mac not only does it save all your files
it saves fucking everything everything
you do on your computer so if you mess
up anything you can say you know what
just go back ten minutes
I fucked up everything for ten minutes I
deleted all these files I changed I
changed a bunch of Word documents I have
made this edit everything I did in last
ten minutes I hated loop and it just
restores everything for the last ten
minutes it just automatically does
everything all the time really great
feature let me see if I get explained
raid0 better because I think I did a
very poor job okay guys you can do it
rich I believe in you the r8 raid zero
would treat multiple hard drives like
there were one hard drive so let's say
hypothetically you have a comically slow
hard drive it's comically slow yeah you
know when you go up to load a file from
this hard drive it takes your computer
three minutes to find the file it's
looking for because it's insanely slow
right but you have this three of these
hard drives set up and raid your
computer's gonna treat that like one
hard drive so your computer searching
all three disks at once so it would
basically triple your speed of looking
for that information
hmm you wouldn't think it would work
like that because technically you're
looking over the same well if you have
one like Ireland sizes of every like
we've had one hard drive that was three
terabytes that's the hard drive it takes
three minutes to find the information on
yeah you know one one three terabyte
hard drive but if you had three one
terabyte hard drives it would treat that
like one three gigabyte hard drive and
you have it searching for three disks at
the same time for that one file hmm I'm
just gonna go ahead and you did you did
I'm just gonna believe you how about
that can I do that is it that guy this
hurts yeah I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not
gifted with gabba not doing a great I'm
not a good I'm not a good teacher not
doing not doing you know a great not not
totally if it looks what's going on
about that is the worst explanation kind
of sounds like it you know I'm just
gonna shut up I was gonna shut up now
I'm done all right that's fine
those things that way
you must skip ahead here skip ahead and
that's UPS do it
bran flakes 4547 says it's like dead
space and the fact that you're stranded
on a space station and you use audio
logs to find backstory otherwise the
games are very superficially similar lol
fuck you guys when you try to sell a
game on somebody you really want to use
the superficial comparisons it's really
to really give them a good idea what the
game is like but by that by that
admission it's also just like alien
isolation and by that admission it's
also just like lovers in a dangerous
space-time that also takes place on the
space station
just like Dhoom 3 it's it's just like
doom 3 like I get I get what you're
saying like me you know Pro Austin C
says Jack consider doing a second prereq
quick F yet you got to do something more
than once to establish it and I know it
does save you editing time maybe a short
review of an older game like you did
with bayonetta love you all yeah you
know the quick app is there as an option
it's there as an option the we've a
little bump I have found a few ways I
found a few things to do on my end to
speed up post-production of regular
episodes yeah
and so hopefully that'll help I found it
I found a new way of pre marking my
gameplay footage one uh one of the
things that takes me the longest in
editing is not actually the splicing
it's finding appropriate gameplay
footage and so you know what that means
is rich and I just talked about the the
back-and-forth battles in battle tech so
now I need to look through all of the
footage I have to try to find the right
clip of back and forth battle to
illustrate what we're talking about and
you know you scrub through you try to
find a right area and you watch it you
like that's the most hours is just
trying to find those right clips right
what explaining raid point you you need
to you need to like watch a series of
YouTube videos just so you fully
understand and then you come back okay
guys I got it I know I know we didn't go
on go on go on
and so IIIi now use a program called a
live longer part of the Adobe suite so
as I'm playing the game and recording
the gameplay footage I can actually make
markers and notes on my iPad for
specific things that I think we might
talk about like oh here's a cutscene
that's kind of interesting oh here's a
battle play mechanic that was just
introduced to me that was you know kind
of interesting this might be something
we talk about oh here this happened and
so that way when I go through my footage
instead of trying to scrub through all
of it I can just go to the individual
markers and each marker has a little
note that I can attach to it so that
that'll that helps that helps save a
little time Battletech I feel like I got
out pretty swiftly yeah I feel like I
did a decent job with that one those
missions feel the same so that was
really easy scrubbing through all that
footage but you know so I'm trying to
speed things up on my post-production
end so that even even when we do film
them we can get them out quicker our set
is now fairly setting eyes you know what
I don't think the backgrounds were that
reflective in the
video yeah I don't think they were
terribly distracting how do you feel
about the background in the West and the
battle tank review chat there look lossy
and shiny and bad or did those those
things behind us look good we fucked
around with the lighting for quite we
did hold on before we move on to that I
want a fort or fire is making a snarky
comment that I'd like to shut right the
fuck down
yeah fort or fire says one an innovative
Apple feature a notepad like oh you're
just writing notes but this actually
syncs with my gameplay footage and so
like I start recording the gameplay
footage I hit a button that
automatically syncs it so then when I
move that gameplay footage into my
editing software you know if you've ever
seen an editor you know your clip is
like a rectangle then on that rectangle
automatically are little markers at the
exact time that I made the note so it's
not just like I'm looking through a
notebook and I say at 20 minutes I did
this and then I have to go through the
timeline and go to the 20 minute mark
like that it automatically does
something so fortifier fuck right off
secondly our shiny backgrounds yeah I
think they looked alright but I've come
up with another option okay just in case
but I still think the glare drives me
nuts and it's it's it's kind of bad it
is kind of bad right but I've come up
with another option which is basically
the same thing but we print it on fabric
will they print on fabric maybe okay and
then maybe it won't be so gloss okay
couldn't be more mad well that was the
what happened you tried to get man right
it is matte it's as mad as they come the
the thing that we have in the background
right now is as matte as they make them
like 75 and it's still very glossy so
them's is the brakes unfortunately five
okay
Chennai I wanted to like Battletech I I
wanted to I know that about you every
you're really excited to play battle I
was every battle kept playing out
basically the same way terribly
interesting going on yeah I'm with him
no I know you were really looking
forward to that one but hey that's the
way there them cookies crumble sometimes
at nighttime still why is it a nine-time
rich inject hype for III III only get
hyped when I hear about something
interesting and I don't automatically
assume I'm going to hear something
interesting at e3
I might just you're bad news it's very
possible I think the big reveal with
steam starting the monthly fees now I'm
prepared for bad news when games gone
when get wait for that monthly steam
service fee
you know what possibly before he's gone
what like as soon as soon as he as soon
as he starts to to feel them Penny's
bench listen steam has already been you
know it's it's what did i just watch
recently i watched a really fun video
about the first nons
valve game on steam yep it was this you
know wacko little fighting game called
something kung fu called a physics
kung-fu or did you guys see that chat
tell me the name of it tell me the name
of it the first and non valve game on
Steam
ragdoll kungfu thank you
Pyrrha Pyrrha XCore ragdoll kung fu was
the first non valve game on steam yeah
and they were so desperate to get nan
valve games on their platform they
actually fronted the developer like
$10,000 like we'll get what we guarantee
you this money we just we need games on
Steam right yeah and then Val you know
for the years afterwards valve kind of
acted as a curator to their storefront
and so you know they would only allow
certain games and you know only so many
games per day but now the process of
getting your game on Steam is almost
automated that's why we have so many
steam releases so it's like already the
the store is becoming this unmanageable
mess because valve wants to automate the
system so how long until Gabe just says
I will just automate everything monthly
fees right like it's I'm saying it's
already stepping down access the games
you own on Steam jack that's it spot
it's one of these days one of these days
that's when it's all over it's all dead
it's possible it's possible it might
happen that's when I began looking for a
pirate copy of everything I own on Steam
yep cuz if you get them through gog.com
you already have a copy I know you just
download that executable and install you
don't hit the thing you use to install
the whole game you don't need a
connection to the internet after you
Dumbo the executor you just back that up
on a disk from wherever it's yours you
own it
install it anytime you want motherfucker
gog.com in stock she hit you deck out
install it anytime you want until GOG is
defunct no no no here's the thing you've
downloaded the executable it's the
install file you can put that on a disk
it doesn't matter what happens to GOG
the whole company can take tomorrow and
you would still have your executable the
whole company can decide in next year
they want to put DRM on everything if
you've already downloaded your your
executable file you're you're calling it
executable it's a it's an install
package or whatever you want have
equation yeah whatever and it doesn't
fucking matter you have it it's not a
disk in your home you can install it
whatever you want you have to give a
fuck what the internet wants out of you
it doesn't it never needs it that
handshake esteem needs a handshake for
certain games for behind me all of their
games technically steam needs that
digital handshake because you are
leasing your games through Steam but the
space requirements yeah you get a 4
terabyte hard drive relatively cheap
these days mm-hmm
I say it's worth it for a backup on the
stuff you really love presuming they
have it on GOG
yeah
great
yes
yes rocking this rich
I'm absolutely crushing
same thing with steam that you can run
steam in an offline mode and played
installed games but if you need to
install the game again you're fucked
some games like to phone home every now
and then and I remember back a while ago
you know IIIi did not want
XCOM to update because there were mods I
used and whatever they wanted to update
XCOM it would fuck all of my goddamn
mods and I tried I legitimately tried to
keep XCOM hidden from the internet no
every now and then it insists on phoning
home mm-hm yeah no no it's sewing it up
did all my mods are fucked oh right well
and remember part of the agreement when
you sign up for steam very clearly
states that you are leasing these games
through Steam you do not own any of
those games you own the right to play
them through the steam service yeah
that's just what it says in in the the
Steam Terms of Service when you sign up
I tried to keep it in offline mode and
every now and then I tried to run a box
come you need to log on ya know and you
know like of cord and Atari Update and
Atari as a company steam valve whoever
right they don't they don't want to sour
their client base so this will not be a
drastic guess what well I mean
technically speaking if they wanted to
they can flip the switch you can't play
any game yes done right yes they won't
do that obviously because they're a
business but they could they could
that's a thing they want to start
charging for monthly access to steam the
minute you don't want to pay that
monthly access oh they flip the switch
for you and and by the way this is the
same for any free service that used if
if YouTube all of a sudden says you know
what we're sick of running all these
servers every video on YouTube down
forever
that's just the way it is you same with
with twitch same with any service but so
what it will start with is something
very similar that we've seen
consoles which is you know we we need a
little something to run our servers but
we'll give you you know like let's say
let's say you pay 20 bucks a year for
for Steam premium and and we'll give you
one free game download a month right
it'll be the exact same thing we've seen
over and over and over again and they'll
just start nickel and diming all of
their millions of customers and
sometimes they ain't nothing you can do
about it
streamium steam IAM bramble if we're
gonna pay for steam IAM they won't use
that name though cuz it's kind of dumb
but I like it I like it that's how you
know it's dumb steam iam steam Platinum
steam Platinum yeah well no so there's
valve there's steam what's that we need
another corresponding like pipe water
pressure thing right the spigot oh that
a valve valve drip you get a little bit
of free stuff every month every month
steam VIP steam Platinum the valve is
closed no not yet no no not yet I know
this is all hypothetical but the thing
to remember is that this is all
something that can happen and you can't
stop it when it decides it wants to
happen right so basically this entire
rant has been one long advertisement for
GOG I know I know I love them I love
what they do I know you do
I appreciate what they do that's cool
you know what that's fine
are you done yeah I'm gonna finish off
some tips here oh great do it pro Austin
C says LeBron James agent is named rich
Paul Kevin Durant's agent rich climbin
rich Evans
would you consider managing Stefan curry
just for continuity sake real close game
3 of the NBA Finals happening right now
with those three players in it Stephen
Curry gets worse deal ever in NBA
history season 11
Stephen Curry signs complete unknown
manager with no former experience Steve
curry talked to the very poor business
decision why would he do that why would
he hire someone with no managerial
experience industry pundits baffled by
bizarre decisions even Kerry made that's
great sign me up just cuts a rich going
I don't know I thought it sounded like a
lot of money with beer back yep
bran flakes 4547 says rich explaining
raid is like me explaining System Shock
2 thanks for making me not feel like the
only idiot in the room lol bust my chops
I got my busted 2 pro Austin C says both
the PlayStation 4 and Xbox one came out
in November of 2013 when would you
expect the next versions of those
consoles to hit stores I don't care I'm
a PC gamer keep in mind that the one
sold far worse than the four which
usually means the next console comes
sooner I don't care of a PC gamer did
whatever the fuck they want considering
I will say considering that both of them
just released their soup T duped 4k
versions of their pre-existing consoles
it would be a slap in the face to
everybody who bought that shit if if
they released their next consoles too
damn soon but once again I'm a PC gamer
I don't give a shit for what and the
PlayStation 5 an Xbox 2 or whatever they
decide to call it oh no they'll probably
start murmuring about it next
fear murmuring about it now are they
yeah I've heard murmurs about the
PlayStation far they 2019 maybe really
probably won't be that soon but they've
been murmurs which if if I had just
bought their Scorpio or whatever they
call the 4k version yeah I'd be pissed
oh sure well I are we hearing murmurs
from them I probably not directly from
them like once we saying next year is
when we're gonna start hearing murmurs
from Sony and my cat okay and that's
when it's and then so we're probably
looking at a 20/20 yeah yeah is what I'd
assume that seems about right
like all I've gotten out of this
generation of consoles yeah blood-borne
and God of War that's it they came by 1
2013 jesus fucking christ I got two
games no no no cuz you all this is
something you do constantly you always
discount Nintendo they're different
different console every single time and
okay Ellie constantly every time you
discount intent now and intended asn't
count horizon zero dawn that's more Jax
Jim mm-hmm
I I am free to really enjoy horizon zero
dawn there's there's too much fuckin
aiming for me to love that game I really
need to use a goddamn mouse and keyboard
right so blood-borne got a four breath
of the wild they're different they're
different and you know what that doesn't
it does to count just because they're
doing it exceptionally well doesn't mean
that it doesn't
I'm just saying that the Xbox one and
the PlayStation 4 have been particularly
worthless to me XD right and it's the
Xbox one I can be with you
wholeheartedly especially because they
have virtually no exclusives like
there's just no reason to have one I
don't know why anyone would have one
blood-borne means a whole lot to me in
my life so you know consoles are trying
to be pcs no not not nuts you can use a
fucking mouse keyboard customizable
controls mods they got a ways to go
didn't they bring up mods Xbox one I
need I need I need a goddamn oh hi no
use needed it is it is mandatory I think
they brought mods to Xbox one that's
good yeah that's good
I think they did is it a hassle I have I
have I don't even know if what I just
said it was correct
oh hell there we go encephalopathic says
mods were thing with Skyrim on the Xbox
one
were they basically just able to port
over the PC mods like how do you mod for
something on an Xbox one no no no
nothing about nothing
they will only let use a mouse a
keyboard if they could force you to buy
their overpriced ones they wouldn't even
do it then I for one I would I would go
for it anyway sure if there's like an
exclusive I wanted to play that like
like horizon zero dawn all right
overpriced Mouse alright fine
yeah I'll deal with that but they're
never going to do it because too many of
their players are comfortable with a
controller and it would fuck multiplayer
if 90% of their fan base were whining
because they kept getting their asses
kicked by people using a mouse yeah so
you're never going to see true Mouse
compatibility on a console because there
would be too many whitey cuts that's
that's something that Blizzard has
talked about as far as like connecting
you know because you can do a PC to
console connect online connectivity
right and and they've talked about that
with overwatch with not wanting to
connect PC to Xbox one players over yeah
over online play because if you have a
mouse you can do better
rich it would ruin multiplayer you mean
you couldn't keep up with your
controller is what you mean but yes yeah
I'm with you come on reg don't use the
controller on your PC not for shooters
yeah use a controller on some games on a
PC but oh sure like a doom I would never
dream of playing doom with that
controller but this is why you could do
you can do cross-platform rocket League
cuz everyone uses a controller yeah I'm
like something like rocket League yeah I
use a controller for that oh right right
but like everyone does so you can do
cross-platform there's no there's not
that multiplayer a skill gap versus you
know a controller versus mouse and
keyboard as well is all I'm saying
most aiming is fucking lame Mouse aiming
is borderline cheating a little baby
can't handle it
listen baby a little baby can't learn to
use the proper tool for the job and I'm
being an asshole and you're being an ass
so we're both being assholes but okay
but you know I think it's fine here's
the thing
Shango hot I've been where you are I've
been there and I know you feel like
lashing out
and you feel like you know putting down
other people is gonna make you feel
better but there is a better way out
there mouse and keyboard is a better way
and you know what that's not saying that
it's more comfortable you want to say
your controller is more comfortable
that's an accurate statement but you
know our hidden alright get-get-get real
beer hat says yep steam these days
looks like the store shells in the
videogame department during the video
game crash of the 80s they should take a
note from Nintendo of that era and add
in a steam seal of approval
mm hmm I'm not I'm not necessarily
against this you know they're there
they're trying this whole Auto automated
curation thing where you know like hey
based on what games you've played and
what games you've looked at and what's
on your wish list we think you'd like
this when really you already know what
you're gonna buy anyway and so you just
go there to buy the thing you were gonna
buy anyway but they're there storefront
is it's a mess if you're just like oh I
wonder like if you go to steam saying I
wonder what came out recently that I can
look through you're gonna have a bad
time there there's 30 new games out 20
of them are anime visual novels the the
the other 15 of them are just DLC packs
for games you've never heard of and then
there's like one or two pixel art indie
titles it's it's a horrible mess and
that that's just like that was this
morning there's another 20 games out
this afternoon
and there's another Tony games out this
evening it's you can't just browse
through and look for a game anymore you
need to know what you're looking for
before you go to the store and I think
that's that's gonna be that's gonna mean
some games don't get recognized do you
have to get rid of the shit that's there
to really fix the problem you need to
get rid of some balloons is that fair
well no you
get rid of anything you got what what
you have to do is you have to have a
hard point where where you say you can't
really do that either they want to make
money they want to make money like the
what you need is more curation but that
might not come from steam okay I don't
know I don't know I don't know what the
answer is if you just use the top
sellers filter what what what you need
to be worried about is missing that
amazing game and then that that game
developer that has their game that oh
that's gonna be the next big thing it's
just gonna it's gonna get washed it's
gonna get washed under a sea of animated
that's true - that's true - yeah and so
like oh I'm only looking at the best
sellers then you're only looking at
games you already know about let's see
if animate it's that's what Steven is
right now I can't I can't say the last
time I've been to steam just to browse I
go to steam and I type in the game that
I'm looking for already all right yeah
Pascal says one last one that I don't
get to see you guys live enough raid
talk was my favorite one question are
you able to make a sequel to rocket
League or has it been too generous with
content
don't make us well I'm sure they make
enough money with a loop box game they
don't really feel pressured to make a
sequel yeah we're fine but you'll you'll
get one with the next generation of
consoles or they'll just do why not I
guess they could what do you would you
if you're them would you feel any urge
though to have updated graphics or some
kind no gives a shit who gives a shit
huh huh why would you
when you just want a two on there just
to maybe get in new people even if the
game is basically the same fucking game
I thought you know what you do both like
you sell you sell to bundled with with
og I don't I don't know I I I guess if
I'm then I don't care cuz I'm sure
they're making a shit ton of money on
loot boxes cuz they keep putting them
out there they're just gonna keep on
making DLC and they'll make another
thing and and if if you sell the same
game on the new consoles then they can
play with the old console still and then
you still have your eco systems okay it
all makes sense just give it the same
thing hmm
I'm not saying that's the good decision
I'm saying that's what they'd probably I
don't know that you're wrong don't know
that what you're wrong yeah alright hey
I believe Ricardo all right so now we
are to the point in the stream in which
we thank all of you lovely people who
came to this room and watched us and
subscribed tonight must moto
proof much like Justin Harmon who has
subscribed to us for 48 god damn
motherfucking months in a row who said
came for the meet Nicolas M van dorbz
Dhin for 17 months in a row been battle
Smith Humberto cabbage patch for 41
motherfucking months in a row this is
rich growing up in Chicago did you ever
get to see Michael Jordan play I did
once I never went to very many
basketball games but I did see Michael
Jordan play ones versus the next nice
they got you got that on yeah hey so I'm
live you know what you know what it was
tunes part it was like the field trip
part of being an altar boy I believe oh
yeah have the I was forced into being an
altar boy it was not a choice
sure
I was told one day mother and
grandmother I was going to be an altar
boy no I had very little input I would
have I would have not done this on my
own I was an altar boy yep I wanted to
be the one though III it was except it
was except well I went yeah I'm with the
Catholics yeah yeah and so like it you
know to me it was like it was like it
was like almost being like a hall
monitor it was like a respond like oh I
get to do things yeah also I was like I
was I was bored in general but I was
very bored in church and so this was an
opportunity to actually like do
something during church I was like
finally like I don't have to just sit
there and twiddle my fingers no I was
still bored and short Church just being
an altar boy man I couldn't day dream oh
and I liked I liked the I liked the it
gave me something to do like okay yeah
now I have to do this and help the
people there yeah oh yeah for years I
was an altar boy it was a that was a
responsibility one of these days are not
gonna be over cuz I always forget it's
hard to get into voice if you haven't
been in a while oh that's it you gotta
get a little squeaky with him I saw this
it got fired a 42 who had subscribed
with 441 motherfucker mas and I wanna
see I've lost it already I feel that's
so many months it's hard to say there's
so many months have you want just mellow
AF st. Jeff says hey Jack and rich which
has been bothering me to send you guys a
message for a while now so I figured I'd
do it thank you
Barba's the dog hyper estar taze the
Sheep ster full
who says who says how's that juicy Shack
meat tastes Hell night 86 fish would
thanks for 20 fucking months in a row
says that's loan an who says everyone
who's listening don't forget to keep
working on that screenplay or shoot in
those videos your dedication will be
rewarded someday even if you make
something terrible you will still you
still made one more thing than the
person who made nothing
keep at it what a what a positive and
delightful message thanks loan and
that's right keep working make all the
art even if it's dumb you do it it still
make you feel good I mean it's all so
awful the consoles are fucking awful Joe
Kitty double O 1 for 14 months in a row
says WTF my subscription didn't renew
and I don't get any sub notifications
for your youtube vids these companies
are shit but they're the only game in
town
yeah that's an issue no it is
recommended play alger not for 15 months
in a ropes as ritchie jack
my wife had a birthday this week I am
certain she would love nothing more than
spending B's OSes money on a birthday
greeting from a couple of hack frauds
thank you for your fries happy birthday
dear wife wife earn up Brian spoon
more like brain fart mmm my Brian broke
breath
blue slime zero green of Rosetta she's
dead - oh geez Dixie Kings how the Kings
done Kings to Kingston iron moon is that
it Kingston Ian moon Kingston Ian moon
okay with no capital letters anywhere
Nixonian moon Kingston Ian moon Captain
Zorro Pizza train 11 for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says 40 motherfucking months
deserves a DND update jack actually I
have no further update we haven't played
again I'm currently writing the second
part of my quest which I've already
talked about I think I want to be a
little more a little more roleplay well
I think rich came up with a really good
idea which is kind of like a timer for
random skeleton pop-ups and I think
that'll help keep keep it a little
exciting and and add a ticking clock to
it but but I'm concentrating on more
characters that they can talk to and
interact with just to make sure they
understand that part okay but but uh as
soon as we play more I'll update you
more we had just wasn't Junta
yeah jut distinct Talan knock who says I
have nothing interesting to say at this
time
parallax seven one eight skulls 37 Kyle
ken calico great
Harald fairhair between sorry I'm beyond
it's getting past my bed
I'm Harald fairhair for 20 fucking
months in a row bran flakes 45:47 pragma
mark him you
rummy ham Queen of the One Ring her 15
months in a row
who says I think my anniversary was a
couple of weeks ago but that's okay
here's another opportunity to shield
Prime subs for you guys thanks for this
dreams them the shell here of course
being that if you're an Amazon Prime
member you you get one free twitch
subscription every month that doesn't
cost you any extra money but does guy
may give rich and I a little bit of
money so you know if you feel like
spending it on so you can are you done
now that's a shell that's the show
that's it certified shill right there Oh
technically doesn't she'll have to be
like somebody paying you to like
something of theirs you're just you're
just whoring that was just ha ha ha ha
ha you're out for yourself that was
whoring I'm not sure well you're not
shilling your whore can you shill for
yourself is the question or is shilling
for yourself just whoring I just don't
know if that's the definition of shill I
think shilling for yourself was just
horrid City Sameera mmm that'll give me
something to think about
Thunderbird who says rich please explain
raid as Don will these hard drives right
we're gonna stick to all these hard
drives in the same box we're gonna we're
gonna connect them with copper wires
every copper wire I'm gonna coat it with
some kind of some kind of rubber to keep
the electricity from flying all over the
place
then we're gonna spread all these hard
drives at the same time
III think that's gonna give it some kind
of speed boost pour a little fuel yeah
poor little lighter fuel out though just
for decoration we're gonna light him on
fire
gonna use gasoline in my cooler we're
gonna just to keep the whole thing cool
we're gonna use lighter fluid on fire
just to burn some of the heat of all
these hard drives that makes perfect
sense you're right and that's it we're
gonna use fire burn the heat off
it's brilliant that's great that's great
uh thank you to dr. Guntur hooter hanker
who has subscribed to us for a 30 yeah
but all these hard drives are right you
say it's gonna kill all the bugs it's
gonna kill all those mosquitoes on my
porch I get it that's the yeah the first
Bitcoin miner was just trying to get the
mosquitoes out but my rights are gonna
kill all those mosquitoes because it's
on fire on my wooden porch why your
wooden porch why would you put it there
is that's where the mosquitoes are that
was my bad dr. Gunter who tear hanger
who has subscribed to us for 30 fucking
months in a row says it's been great
should be easy to keep going since
you're just being yourselves or are you
well not currently rich Evans grammar
corrector
oh no that's a tough job
Jack yeah recently re-watched your 7th
guest stream from 2016 yeah and it's the
greatest example of a slow descent
descent into madness ever caught on
camera funniest dream you've ever done
thanks for the content that's stupid
puzzle it with the word I will now never
forget tryst
remember the can puzzle and I didn't
know that Tristan was a world
oh god to remember that and vaguely and
I was trying to figure out the puzzle
and I did not know that tryst was a word
I mostly just remember which way should
I go now oh my god alright and then I go
now what was the other one are you are
you feeling lonely oh yeah that was oh
yeah yeah the 7th guest stream that well
that was a slow descent into madness
absolutely what a fucked up game rage so
why computers fast enough to play the
7th crashed are we so fast we're gonna
have 11th guess nailed it nailed it done
that's the secret ending that's how you
get the secret ending of the game you
see get all 11 guests of your 7 guest
game oh one black and blackest black
since Len flack since key for 21 fucking
monster who says Stanley Cup Finals go
capitals just my brain I think I always
put an extra eye in there every black
izinski
for Cabazon ski right yeah I just Len
flaxen ski I guess since key right jolly
nihilist hey it's Brian and Chris be
Christ thank you for subscribing oh shit
my rage is cut my house on fire I don't
know
