Feb 4, 2018
Slay the Spire
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/225834050
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/225836317
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr6L4Rlo2EQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsxAux_UL3k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/960223480053714945

[Part I]
everything is good everything looks good
sorry I got shit ready while you were
fucking around in the snow Jack I was
helping people rich you don't help
people when you're late for work you
that's exactly when you help people cuz
what if you were stuck in the snow rich
would you want someone who would you
would still be late for work and that
other person would just drive right by
to get to work on time treat others the
way you want to be treated motherfucker
that's my life if you got nothing else
going on stop to help oh well maybe
maybe if they look elderly if they don't
look like they gonna handle things on
their own maybe you help well you got
shit to do man you got shit to do yeah
it took a what I so I was running a
little bit late from the get-go just
because streets were bad then there were
two cars that were stuck you know cuz
when the the plows plow it's snowing a
lot it was kind of said hi everybody
it's snowing a lot last night today when
the plow is plow a lot of times they'll
leave big chunks yeah of snow and so
cars get stuck and for me as long as
like I'm on a side street like if I'm on
the highway I'm not gonna pull over but
if I'm on a side street and I see a car
stuck I'm gonna pull over and help push
that car out of the snow okay and that
happened a couple times on the way over
here so I was running even later than I
was thinking
wow wow wow and now rich now we're just
saying don't help people don't do that
help people when it's appropriate to
help people Jack it's all when is it
inappropriate to help people you know
that you went down I don't know helping
people just know I told them we might be
late I warned them it's were only 15
minutes late and I warned them rich I
said we might be running a little late
hey we're here Bo and and we're here I
have a game that I am super excited
about I don't know if anyone else will
be excited about this game
but I'm gonna play the shit out of it
and Jack would you stop to help those
people if you knew they voted for Trump
I'd say you're right I have insider
information yeah both those people you
you helped they voted for Trump and I
then I would extra help them to show
them a better way to show and I would
not only help them but I'd give them
some information on the Democratic Party
no of course I would why would you you
wouldn't ask a question like that before
you help someone we start the game you
just hit all dinner because I want a
full script that does full screen but I
want to native full screen there's no
difference is there no difference you're
crazy
wait are you Anna yeah exactly like
Britney's God says wait are you an
asshole like before you help them you
have to go hold on I need a list of
criteria before I help you now that
would be that would be super lame we'll
just help people welcome yes European
European friendly stream Super Bowl
stream we figured most of y'all are
gonna leave us for the Super Bowl anyway
so we might as well get an early
streaming yeah what if they had a trump
bumper sticker I would still help them I
absolutely would the oh here here's when
you when you don't help them is like if
you if you like pull over and they're
like already like flipping you the bird
like what do you pull it over for move
on looking all right that's fine you
know like that if they're a dick right
off the bat then then you don't have to
help how about that
superball Jack still doesn't recognize
this audience what would you do if you
got snot stuck in the snow while pulling
over to help them then after you get
them out of the snow they just drive off
um I am prepared I have I have stuff in
the back of my car to deal with snow you
know I do the kitty litter in the back
I'm have a little shovel in the back
like I am fully prepared for snow
situation okay fully prepared for snow
situation okay so this real quick
everyone this is sleigh the spire it's
an early access game it is a game
specifically designed for me and only me
because it is a deck building roguelike
that's also a twin stick shooter that is
it's not a 26 you turds it's just no cuz
you know what they actually they have a
deck building twin stick shooter
roguelike and I didn't like it very much
it's just a deck building roguelike and
it concentrates on like the deck
strategy the mad deck strats and it's
pretty fucking awesome
I'll just compare them to hand of fate
so like hand of fate it's like that
mixture between like your deck and the
action right yeah Arkham combat the
Arkham combat and so like there's that
there's that back and forth this is just
deck all you are concerned about is your
deck it's it's like Marvel legendary
it's like any like card a deck building
game yeah and it's fucking great I think
I downloaded this on Friday yeah okay
baby all done yeah this looks like a
game I want to support and early access
l4d you've told me you've been going
nuts over I I have like 1520 hours in it
I downloaded on Friday it's like I'm
obsessed with it they only have two
characters but that's fun like I haven't
unlocked everything yet I need to play
it more I love big decks and I cannot
lie that's right this is the ghost whale
there are styles stupid pants you hate
it it could you know what I like the art
style I could use a little more
animation but they're adding stuff every
day yeah that's fine so this is the
ghost whale you get to you know at the
start of your deck you get four things
you get to choose from you can upgrade a
card we can obtain three random potions
the chats already winning what do you
mean
mobi deck that's them that's Moby that's
chalk $0.00 Moby deck nice is this more
or less boring than hand of fate you
might find it more boring because
there's no combat it's just playing
cards but I find it so this just carbs
it's just cards okay you're just playing
and I'll show you so let's see here I
can transform because it could be an
exciting string it's I don't care this
is what I'm playing if I wasn't if I
wasn't here I'd be at home playing this
possibly shoveling
let's play it safe let's just upgrade a
card Super Bowl picks look on one hand
you you have a fan base that are
famously assholes and who's that
and the Eagles the Eagles fans are
famously out historically okay there's
there's a famous incident where they
beat up Santa Claus one year I think I
think you you've told me that but then I
don't know if I got the actual story by
night I don't recall the details I just
know there was some kind of drunken riot
where the person who was at the stadium
to be Santa Claus got beat up by the
Eagles fans classy and then in the other
the other hand you have a team that are
famously assholes there's no one to root
for well it's like I understand why
people don't like the Yankees you've
explained that to me yes the Yankees you
know bye-bye victory by victory why do
people not like the Patriots there have
been few cheating scandals deflategate
where they did something but the balls
to give them an advantage yeah yeah I
remember that there's some kind of like
when they spied on other teams during
practice some weird like that going on
okay over the years have been like
multiple allegations of some shady
practices the team has done to give
themselves an edge okay I get you jack a
friend of mine invented maze based board
game if I send you a copy would you play
it yeah yeah send its copy that's okay
that seems it's so-so you have fans who
are assholes and a team who's an asshole
yeah so then we got to vote for the
Eagles right we got to hope for the egos
know about them just cuz the fans are
also left that man but that doesn't mean
that the players are assholes I would
rather vote for for you know good
players asshole fans over good fans
asshole players and I'm going to abstain
because I don't like either choice so
before we get into politics can you
please go on with the game
okay so you get to choose a starting
path and if you see over here you got
our legend here we've got regular bosses
these little guys are shops question
marks can be a bunch of other things you
get like so
times you get like FTL type events or
you know a little blubber slurp of text
and you have to make a decision these
guys with the horns are elite bosses and
they drop extra treasure when you beat
them okay and you know it and fires are
where you can you can do certain things
like you can get some health back you
can upgrade cards there's things you can
do it fires and all leading up to the
big boss and so we have to kind of
choose our path here and they have $99
is this randomized each time you play
absolutely yep it's all randomized let's
see what I think I'm gonna do is go guy
guy question guy question boss
question question treasure fire okay the
same can you backtrack you cannot
backtrack so you can't do all of the
things you can no there is no way to do
all of the things there's no grinding
okay you know like so I see cards so
this is it it's just a deck building
game these are the enemies the enemies
do Telegraph their attacks so I know
this guy is gonna attack me for five
this guy is gonna attack me for 10 how
do you defend from attacks well you have
defend cards okay gain five block and
you have strike you have attacked cards
and then later as you build your deck
you get modifiers you get it's it's who
it's just all that that classic like get
rid of the weak cards get your get the
good cards get the combo I I was
watching I was watching a YouTube video
of a guy playing this and he found a
combination where he was beating every
single person in front of him with two
cards in his deck okay and just two
cards over he found like the right two
combination of cards boopity guarantee
you get those cards every time no no
it's all it's all right okay okay but
like any good roguelike rich I think you
need that everyone's but in every every
encounter you can't guarantee you get
those particular cards exactly okay so
know the star is just aligned and he
happened to get the two perfect car
every time well oh no he actually
cleared out his deck cuz you can get rid
of cards sometimes okay so he made it so
that he only had two cards in his entire
Dec oh that seems like cheating well it
was strategy he's strategizing
all right well here's my take on this is
I think any good rogue like everyone and
a hundred runs you need to have a
ridiculously overpowered run sure sure
just just to make up for the 99 other
times that you get your face stomped in
right it just seems like bad deck
building design if you could take out
every card that sucks and just keep the
only two and you're guaranteed those
every but but every encounter knows what
kinda bullshit but he he worked for that
alright he wore alright alright alright
so what I'm going to do this round is
I'm gonna defend so I'm gonna put on
some shield alright so I put on fifteen
shield here and so they're their attacks
are going to be negated we only use
three cards you you can only use three
energy okay and then I'll explain that
in a second here so you have three
energy to work with and as you see each
of these cards have a little energy cost
to them I'm a good card cost too
well let's oh wait no you do 10 damage
yes okay perfect
so we're gonna block this guy when user
one bash to kill kill that guy boom so
he's gonna still attack us for seven so
we're still gonna get hit for two but
we'll take it
okay it's like the Trump presidency it's
randomized every time it's every day
every day it's a new it's a new kind of
torture
absolutely absolutely I'm with you
it's the early stream due to weather
actually it's a late stream due to
weather that was supposed to be a little
bit earlier we're 15 minutes late that's
that's well within ish time I feel I
said 1:30 okay and we started at 1:45 so
I think we're still in the in the issues
own I'm comfortable I'm comfortable here
it's you they're like these first couple
battles won't be very exciting because I
have all the starter cars you know yeah
wait till we get some more cards good
this how do you get the wus that's a
particular attack that Bacchae does but
if he hits you and it's unblocked you
get a wound you discard piles so then
the wounds get shuffled onto your deck
yeah good shit all right let's see what
cards we got here deal 5 damage twice
game - why are they streaming so early
in the day because of the fucking
Superbowl
today is the big sports game and even
though I'm sure a large majority of our
fans don't necessarily care about sports
because we're videogame people you know
it's it's a big thing that a lot of
people like to watch so yeah I'm not
gonna watch it I'm gonna go home and nod
I'm probably gonna go home and play this
but Richard voice Michelangelo and the
Ninja Turtles cartoon so the lamest one
I know Michelangelo has his fans but in
my eyes he's just the lamest he's these
the goofballs yeah it's the lamest
turtle yeah I also I don't see you as
the Michelangelo I think you're more the
Donatello you don't think I think so no
well as far as Mike Mike my personal
favorite no no I mean what what your
voice would work good okay yeah probably
the Donatello if you were going to voice
a ninja turtle you would be Donatello
my favorite is Leo he's got thorns he's
got the Fords Ryan my favorite who's
Donna tell him Donna thought was fine
choice I like Donatello I like the staff
go the rafts just kind of a hot-headed
asshole yeah yeah he like he's a
goofball
well I think Leo would be my second
choice
then maybe Michelangelo Raphael at the
last yeah I think so okay that's
probably what I would do so if you see
here like he doesn't have an attack
above his head this time chat
this enemy intends to use a buff so
that's why I was free to just attack
this turn because I know he's known me
haven't they streamed over other Super
Bowls actually we've usually done in
early stream on the Super Bowl Sunday I
think that this is a normal this is a
yearly thing yeah do you only first
printings of the Ninja Turtle comics I
couldn't afford
they have they had they had fucking
four-digit print runs hmm if that right
by the time you knew by the time anyone
knew what the ninja turtles were no one
could afford first place
have you seen the images for the new
cartoon it looks kind really are they
canceling the CGI one there is it's done
I believe is done
I believe I mean was that was one of the
better incarnations of the demon that
first season was pretty good the first
season was awesome it got worse after
that yeah but it's still pretty fun that
first season was really fucking awesome
my favorite splinter yes Wow you know
much like Aunt May we finally got a
splinter that wasn't a worthless piece
of shit I wouldn't go that far but ya
know the new design they're going
they're going very very cartoony like
that I think they're turning Raph into
like a big muscle-bound dude like every
all the turtles have like unique
character designs it looks super and
their weapons glow for some reason Len
yeah their weapons work all right
whatever
yeah didn't look like anything I would
be interested in
your skills work great I'm shocked they
didn't make one female now no remember
they tried to do that in the in the live
actions turtle TV show and it was a
horrible disaster did you ever see that
no I never saw my god what a turd what a
turd using some of the costumes you know
from like the movies and the the live
stage show yeah and then they and then
they invented Venus yeah female turtle
who was awful oh man can't make that
mistake again and they got April she's
the she's the lady all right here we go
so as you walk into the room you hear a
gurgling and grinding of metals before
he was a slime like creature that ate
too much scrap for its own good
from the center of the creature you see
glints of strange light perhaps
something magical it looks like you can
get some treasure if you reach inside
it's opening however the acid and sharp
objects may hurt lose 3hb 25% chance to
find a relic yep ouch
all you find is corroded metal and a bit
of burning pain however you're still
convinced there's a relic so now I lose
forage in for a penny check I know yeah
absolutely no do you gain HP there's
certain potions that do it there's
certain cards that do it or there
there's a fires that you stop at then
you can gain HB all right we're gonna
try again because relics are powerful
damn it
one more time sure fuck it we're all in
America but Jesus Christ
alright we finally got a fucking relic
okay so this is my starting relic which
is I heal six HP at the end of all
combat which is very nice my new relic
is whenever you enter a rest site start
the next combat with two extra energy
dots kind of lame but whatever
it's not quite my evil laugh that's that
was more of a witch's cackle tech yeah
cackle cackle yeah kind of deliberately
evil laughs bitches deeper that's good
that's the evening life
I won't feel to kill him this time
should be I spent too much I spent too
much HP digging through that slime
monster
I got my relic and it definitely was not
worth it
by the way to have any recent favorite
movies beside Mad Max what do you mean
by favorite well let's think of a recent
movie that you enjoy all right I'm
coming
oriental galaxy - just that's two good
ones
we're watching any new TV shows none
that you probably will end up liking
watching that new season of the
librarians with Karen you're right
that's a good show that's one of them
it's one of them cute shows slight
adventure doesn't take itself that
seriously sure
rich hates DC confirmed DC still hasn't
made a good movie
I'm sorry Wonder Woman wasn't that good
Wonder Woman was acceptable kind of
flubbed the ending but yeah I thought it
was better than you did but ending kind
of flopped but yeah but besides that
what are they got suelze quark night but
I don't think that's what they're
talking about
I don't like any stories oh my god any
of these cards I caught up on the
librarians I haven't seen the last
episode that and the the last of the
seasons next so I'm basically I'm
waiting to the end of the season to
watch the last - okay
we usually a two-parter sure I started
watching I'm two episodes into the new
Netflix series altered carbon yeah some
trailers for that I'm not know I've seen
the chat mentioned it what is what does
they deal with altered carbon it's it's
Netflix it's a Netflix original and it's
their attempt to like have a blade
runner-esque cyberpunk detective story
so it's like in the future the the basic
sci-fi enos of it is we found a way to
transfer all consciousness into this
little disc that gets inserted into the
back of our head yeah and so if you have
enough money and resources you can
essentially live forever
yep buy a new body buy a new body and so
you know these a big class stuff and our
hero is a mercenary from 250 years ago
who was trying to take down the man the
system okay and got put in jail and 250
years later he's hired by a super-rich
guy to figure out who killed the super
rich guy okay and it's it's a decent
premise it's got some fun visuals and it
is in exceptionally mediocre okay it is
it's not terrible and it's not even like
it's it's borderline between acceptable
and good yeah what do you call that it's
just like okay
passable it's passable it and it's
frustratingly passable because there are
a lot of things that are really neat
about it like some really good art
direction some really good sci-fi II
stuff yeah boobs always always nice
that we got boobs but it is just it's so
generic that it hurts you do every
episode you like oh sorry
I'm just I don't even like two episodes
and I don't know if I'm gonna finish it
oh and it's only six episodes yeah oh
it's mediocre its mediocre as
maybe I want to do that I think it's ten
episodes is it and then it's me still
mediocre any interest in playing Monster
Hunter world not today no I played they
had the what was it even a there on the
3ds or something they had a free Monster
Hunter weekend yeah down downloaded play
it for free
you know you get like an hour free play
time or whatever yeah yeah demo oh yeah
to see what it's like and I played an
hour of it because I know people love
the Monster Hunter game and after an
hour I still cannot tell you anything of
substance about that game okay it's it's
so deep I know a lot of people were
comparing it to like like a better
version of find giant monsters oh yeah
dark rising I got there like a plea
fucker blank dark Dragon's Dogma
Dragon's Dogma it's a like a better
version of Dragon's Dogma
I believe that's the game people were
comparing it to I couldn't be
misremembering hmm hmm interesting
it sounds like a game where during a
stream would be a bad time to pick it up
sure
like we'd want to get a solid 1520 hours
into it and then maybe stream it yeah
gotcha
yeah gotcha oh I know I still haven't
seen a futile and stupid gesture I
really want to though have you heard of
that it is uh it's it's the story of
National Lampoon as directed by David
Wain the guy who does what had American
summer okay okay and it's supposed to be
great okay I'm really excited to see it
I have tried on several occasions to
convince Lisa to watch it with me hey
wanna watch this movie you like wet hot
American summer we like david whele on
it sorry National Lampoon she's like I
gotta I gotta wait I gotta wait and
watch that one by myself
does it get much deeper than this or is
this a tutorial part or something the
things Jack as you gain cards it gets
deeper and deeper and there's there's
levels of strategy that right now I
don't have a really good deck it does
get deeper yes
it does it does get deeper right now
it's not exceptionally deep because
we're still I've only had one two three
four or five six you know I'm only on
the seventh level of the first world so
I hate real-time strategy so I have I
have deliberately avoided it Jack have
you played much in the real-time
strategy genre I have and I also don't
much care for oh god there's just too
much happening there's just too much
going on I can't stand the real-time
multitasking I hate him told me to play
Donna for me we're hammered are warm
yeah cuz that was the easy one yeah I
was like the simplified I understand it
mm-hm I I desperately wanted to love
homeworld yeah well you build you know
spaceships looks it looks a fucking
gorgeous spaceships 3d real-time
strategy that I couldn't stand it there
there is one exception to the real-time
strategy rule yeah there's one game I've
played and I actually I need to find a
copy because I remember really enjoying
it back in the day but I'm sure it's
garbage yeah there is a alien versus
Predator realtime strategy game for the
PlayStation 2 yeah
aliens Predators and human soldiers yeah
and I remember it being really fun
especially being the aliens liking us
setting up your nests attacking humans
and predators I think I've seen videos
of this game I remember it being really
fun but of course I haven't played it in
20 years right or whatever whenever came
out yeah
when homeworld though it's just such a
beautiful beautiful game the manuals
just beautiful storytelling with so much
in-depth information about this world
and then most of its you know not really
relevant it just gets you into the world
of the game yeah that's real time
strategy but you know I don't care if
you could pause it's just not a is that
a genre that's meant for me I don't care
if you could pause
it still still feels like a clusterfuck
I don't care if you I don't care if you
can pause make your own terms adds a lot
of bullshit you know it it's not the
same thing it's not organized like a
turn-based strategy like an ex-con DOS
rich you can squish guys with tanks
that's from that's great this is a real
time strategy I don't give a shit
what's FTL it's not a real-time strategy
yes FTL moves in real time and you pause
but you know damn well that it's a
different beast from a fucking homeworld
or I was gonna say world Warcraft and
people associate that with either that's
more the more per gun not that back in
the day I mean I'm an old man I remember
when Warcraft was just a real-time
strategy game like the original oh okay
but you dim will know that FTL is a
fucking world apart from something like
a Starcraft
oh absolutely absolutely the the pause
is part of the mecan't is part of the
gameplay mechanic I feel and it doesn't
matter you've mastered FTL to the point
of even no pause runs what you're
focusing on one enemy that's true yeah
true there's multiple aspects to one
enemy but nice perfect timing
that's a pretty good path the why are
you writing off other games instantly
because I know what I like I know when
something looks like something I don't
like fuck off uh-huh uh-huh do you not
like deck-building games well you have
to play every single one because they're
different games it might be different
you're running off the ball I hate
people so much I hate people so much I
mean that's fair that's fair hate him
hate him you have to play 100% of every
game we have everything of every game
all the time I'm not like the single RTS
yet but I have to play them all because
you know I can't write them all off
that's true
that's true
that's it that's a better question is
there one RTS game that you would say
you do like like like like if you want
to define FTL as an RTS even though it
doesn't play much like your traditional
realtime strategy like if you talking
about your traditional realtime strategy
yeah not really okay not like I said I
desperately wanted to love home right I
just liked it like the I'm talking about
the overarching like you know drag your
you know
click yes select a big bunch of troops
and send them this way have you have you
ever played a game like that that you
like no not really
okay I've tried and no that's fair you
don't have to I mean of course you have
to what am I saying you know what's
wrong with you
what is this your friendly stream hi
Green Bob load yes because of American
football we are streaming a little early
today or it's also called football well
if they're from Europe well I'm not I
was being considerate to our European
neighbors I don't want any of those
cards I don't like them I don't want
them I don't like them
I wanna restart it something I don't
think we're getting tips okay
restart it make it happen
great we're doing great you play
football with your feet yes
do we know why American football is
called football if I had to presume yeah
I haven't researched this it's because
measuring distance is such a big part of
the game somebody feed somebody yards
from the goal you have to get this many
feet before you get a first down
football is very much a sport of
measurements I suppose that's true
yeah that's a good way to that's a good
way to think about it I like that but I
don't I don't know if that's actually
why it's called that that would just be
my if I had to guess that would be my
first guess my presumption that's a
that's a really fit in fact that's so
clever I don't think it's true it's what
I'm gonna say right that's just way too
clever it's like white cuz you start the
game by kicking a ball with your foot
and so you foot the ball there you know
that's why we call it football right
right
football got its name because it's
played on foot versus on horse I like it
was it was competing with polo at the
time rich
so yeah the big deal with the Super Bowl
yeah the Super Bowl supposedly they're
gonna debut the Han Solo trailer what
yeah as this official Ursus is this pure
speculation
ie I've heard this elsewhere I think
it's official yeah
is it an advertising blunder that movies
designed to appeal to our fans our fans
are the kind of people who are here
saying why aren't you screaming during
the Superbowl because I don't give a
fuck about the Superbowl sure that's
true so is this actually an advertising
blunder or haha or has Disney reached
the point where the NFL is paying them
do you know how many more viewers we
could get if we debut of the Han Solo
like what if Disney is like just finding
all the profit they can anywhere they
could right I don't think that's true by
the
and that's true star what if star wars
is no longer a nerd thing
Star Wars is is just a general audience
thing now I'm sure at one point the Star
Wars was a nerd thing is that why it's
so stupid
then dorbz Stinson I don't know what's
exactly going on here and then keeps
going but after a rough weekend a euro
friendly stream is exactly what I need
right now
thanks guys you're welcome Jericho G
says this is the first time I catch you
guys streaming live high but you're
older streams have entertained me during
my busy work days well great I don't
have anything clever to say but that's
only because I'm from Finland yeah
Finland but all Finland down man I mean
I'm sure Finland has done some great
things
we're not Oh probably I don't know but
I'm sure it's happening all right purple
space bazooka says hi guys my have you
seen the new black mirror series I
haven't I did I haven't seen the new
season I understand I need to yeah it's
supposed to be pretty good I had been
watching some old Twilight Zone episodes
oh yeah it's just a fine show you know
there's rumor out there I don't know how
confirmed this is that the Jordan Peele
is bringing Twilight Zone to CBS all
access would be the third time they've
rebooted The Twilight Zone
oh did they reboot it one sorry didn't
the 80s the 80s version actually isn't
bad oh yeah and then they did it in the
early 2000s was Laurence Fishburne was
the narrator no way someone someone
famous was the narrator uh-huh I don't
remember who for sure and then
apparently Jordan Peele is gonna do it
now so fine filmmaker there's there's
some kind of tone I don't think you can
get away with now that they had back
then where those old Twilight Zone
episodes I mean you can do those two
stage plays and I think if you tried to
do a show exactly in the style of the
old toy
zone right now yeah it would be written
office just too cheesy but it's
something they can get away with in the
50s oh absolutely
no they won't be in the exact same style
it'll be more black mirror kind of yeah
yeah yeah
alright so so by the way we're here at
the bonfire and I have full health so I
don't need to health and at the bonfire
the other thing you can do is upgrade
one card and so what's taking me so long
here is I'm trying to figure out a
strategy here for example we got this
card which lets me gain two strength
with mate which basically means every
attack I use is more powerful and I
could upgrade it to say game three
strength which would be very helpful or
I have this card which is really neat
which is at the end of your turn for
each attack played you deal one damage
to all enemies yeah and you know later
on you you face multiple enemies at one
time and so it's like it's just bonus
damage and that changes from costing me
one energy to costing me nothing and so
that's just bonus damage yeah very good
options and so I'm just trying to figure
out what is going to do me the the most
good it might be fire-breathing just
extra damage all the time for free I
think there's no matches so that's what
I got just wanted to walk you through
some of my thinking on this video game
stream talking about video games but is
it
but is it who dad okay let's go to this
one for no particular reason we're
missing another Dead Rising 2 stream for
this crap absolutely
rich we'll be back with another dead
rising mystery machine I'm sure don't
worry
don't worry about it
oh I should have done that that would
have been smarter know what we'll see if
I can take these guys out easier so you
didn't know about the 80s when wet zone
I didn't know about the 80s or the 2012
I toned I haven't seen either of those
Grateful Dead did the song for the 80s
version oh yeah
creepy as fuck watch just watch the
intro for like Twilight Zone 1985 yeah
86 when whatever there goes out that
intro so amazingly creepy and unsettling
and you say like overall it's pretty
good oh we're all it's pretty good that
show yeah what if it's streaming
anywhere I'll have to check that out I'm
a fan of the old you know the 50s oh
yeah yeah
don't just find the audio find the
visuals - that went with it oh yeah yeah
we just wanted to say I really enjoyed
the Friday the 13th stream on Wednesday
had a lot of fun watching it thank you
thank you I know you played it the other
day actually I read downloaded it at
home because now it has you know also
some bonus stuff and I played a couple
rounds yeah didn't have the same feeling
kind of missing missing some yeah I
don't know if you just like everybody
just been playing for so long now that
that like everyone's just kind of they
know their place and they're just like
yeah they just run it through the
motions it wasn't as fun for me you just
had a bad night I guess I haven't I
haven't been playing unless we're
streaming it yeah so master
remind Jack that he has an automatic six
block if he doesn't use block thank you
God did forget that you're absolutely
right
I have a power that if I don't have any
block on I just gained six block and so
like for example this one this defend
card only gives me five blocks so I'd be
better off not playing it
okay we're gonna do this this I get to
place a card in the discard what about
the Forest Whitaker Twilight Zone uh to
be honest I I've never even seen an
episode is that the 2001 yep with Forest
Whitaker really that's what the chat
saying I couldn't remember who did it
was someone famous was the narrator sure
yeah I believe Forest Whitaker cuz he
has that kind of creepy vibe to him he's
got the Creepo vibe
all right draw one card please cut it
from your hand on
yeah that will give that try oh oh thank
you cinnamon for that link I'll check
that out later I finished reading the
purple space bazooka tip oh yes I
tracked oh you seen the new black Muir
series the crocodile episode made me
think of you guys oh it's like a
futuristic Columbo but gets super dark
at the end anyway happy superb owl okay
but by the way isn't that all the black
mirror episodes it's like this but then
gets super dark at the end well I'll
have to take your word for it
have you not seen anybody oh it's a lot
of it's really good I hear I keep
hearing oh we definitely want to do that
one flow since Key says my mom asked me
if there were any fictional deaths I'm
not over she fell out of her seat
laughing when I joked Susan from
Seinfeld any fictional character this
you're not over for me Charlie and lost
oh that was that was a tough one
absolutely that was a tough one I did
not
I suppose after this Prime counts
because that's when I left the
Transformers best rules you you you are
so not over it's still something you
think about daily you just you wake up
every moment and and there's there's a
small period of time where you forget
that Optimus died once and you're happy
but then it all comes rushing back
Optimus no that's notable it did
instantly kill a franchise how I can I
was a kid mmm-hmm I was like there's a
clear line of me being interested in
transformers and me being not interested
in transformers and that's that's the
line yeah yeah their attempt to get me
to buy more toys backfire and horribly
trying to think I'm trying to think of
cuz it would have to be from a
long-running series you know someone
where you just really love all the
characters and then all of a sudden one
of them is dead there's probably oh
there's nothing I can think of off the
top of my head no nothing that like
scarred me so much it's something I
think about all the time I'm like
optimus
picks a mute is that aliens
oh it's three technically for alien 3
we need to get him to 414 damage oh okay
great
then we're good we're doing great we're
doing great this is a boss okay and
we're doing great I'll take your word
for that
we're doing Easy's kind of an ease and
easier boss cuz he has a he has a very
these bosses are these goop guys have
split and so when their HP is below 50%
they split into smaller lines okay but
splitting also stops their current
action so he was about to hit me for 35
yeah that would've worked out for you
that would have done a lot of damage but
I was able to split them so they're you
know like these are the Shu these are
the mad these are the mad drats here
so he's at 42 so I need to get him down
to 21 and I can do 12 plus 11 okay yeah
what's the normal strike there huh
no one strike on me does 8 damage you
can't kill him anyway the one that's
about to hit you for 16 but I can get
him down to 21 so he'll split and he
won't attack me let's look at let's look
at the what's the one that cost two
energy at launch that's 12 that's 12
damage yeah what's the normal strike is
8 damage it's only 4 difference plus but
those this one adds 3 vulnerable which
means my next strike will be even worth
even more okay okay so I think if I do
if I do the 12 and the 11 well that gets
him down to 21 right there okay and I
get to draw an extra card if I use this
one that's my that's my thinking's here
yeah and then I just I said I just and I
saw I drew that defense card which would
have been useless for me anyway so I
thought clear that which is great
you know ken doses instead of saying
jump the shark can we start saying fuck
the volcano God do you guys have any
scripted comedy plan that isn't related
to the usual rlm content thanks for the
laughs all right look how many beds are
related to the normal Ireland I think he
might have just been taught
Swedish hey Isis hey rich hey tip an
attempt how about a dead rising
retrospective of you you have a lot of
good things to say talk through the
games illustrate how the games evolved
and deteriorated deteriorated from
origin I don't I don't think that many
people care other than me like a few
other people really care and the people
who care they already know what went
wrong
senior fun nugget ice I believe the nerd
crew episodes are scripted it should mix
the mix there's a fair amount of
improvising so around says rich can you
buying me some sea monkeys and grow them
for me then send them in the mail know
what buy your own damn sea monkeys
damn joke I made see monkeys is kind of
a racist jackass anyway watch this whole
thing about him you want on the youtubes
you wants what the guy who invented sea
monkeys
yeah the popular children's toy yeah it
was also just like a huge white
supremacist voices bastard yeah that's
awful yes it is awful yes yes it is
awful yeah like he invented sea monkeys
and then he also invented some kind of
like cattle prod thing that white
supremacist could beat black people
whether how are those two adventures
related like a lot of times like Oh
someone's really into robotics they
admit this robot they invented this
robot he's like sea monkeys cattle-prod
like print ads for both what where do
you advertise that kind of cattle prod
probably in some kind of racist
newsletter I don't know well there you
go that's crazy
alright we got it we got we got some
tough decisions to make you rich yeah
this one gives us three curses but three
also three relics that's that's these
things and these are like superpowers
okay that you know helped us most of the
time yeah
then we got this one which replaces
burning blood which at the end of each
combat I heal 10 HP okay right now at
the end of each combat I heal 6 HP okay
you know it's not a big difference but
could be you know could add they don't
stack the this doesn't stack with this
it would replace that so I would only
gain for you no HP at the end of each
battle but that could you know that
could be helpful or this is a dice roll
I could get three great relics
what's the feather is uh for every five
cards in your deck heal two HP whenever
you enter a rest site so like you know
right now I would get six HP just for
entering the rest site yeah
that's not that's not good I think I
might roll the dice you you you you do
what you think you must I don't know how
bad the curses are so it's really hard
for me to give you feedback on this
sometimes they're bad sometimes and like
sometimes it's just a card in your hand
that doesn't do anything and takes up
space yeah sometimes it's a card where
if you have it in your hand at the end
of that round it does something bad to
you yeah but I could get three great
relics let's find out okay
the Bell toll so I get so this I cannot
play more than three cards this turn
that sucks at the end of your turn lose
one HP for each card in your hand not
the worst
and if transformed or removed from your
deck lose three max HP
oh that's not so bad that's fine
and I got a pair so I get max a max HP
up upon pickup upgrade to random skills
that's pretty nice blood vial at the
start of oh nice at the start of each
combat heal to HP that's great and I get
two nice defense that's fine
does the background ever change it feels
like we're not really advancing well
this is an early access right this is
this you can see right here it says
early access oh 14 this is very early
access like they're still adding like
animations to the enemies step in here
for a second which is gonna step in
which is the master are you very vocal
about despising early access why the
fuck you playing an early access game I
was also very vocal about about letting
that go recently oh yeah I missed that
what was it about they were there there
was like a deluge of games recently was
just like it's early
I was vocal against it because I was
trying to stop a tidal wave from coming
and that tidal wave is this which is
like oh with the games out now this is
when people are gonna be talking about
gonna be playing it you've got you the
early access does not mean what it used
to mean just wait till it's done
you could or I could play it now yeah
but no I've been slowly like I've been
slowly beaten down over several games
and I've talked about it here and there
for for a while okay for a while it's
just like there's just no point anymore
there's just no goddamn point anymore
they're gonna they're gonna keep doing
it
I guess it's a good it could be a good
thing for game makers because this is a
source of early revenue that helps them
finish the game but wait he's Jax
starting over no now this is world - I
know it looks the same as world one but
now we're on world 2 and I get all these
things and I got bigger health and I
have all this money so this time I want
to go I want to make sure I swing by a
store because I have all this money
whatever something-something it's a rich
man's world
so I can go question my question mark
guy thing question mark question mark
shop right away that could be good guy
guy boss let's go this way
nonnamous says after jack said he spent
$100 at the cheese castle i took it upon
myself to buy a cheese making kit i did
not spend $100 at the cheese castle all
you have to do is i'm just reading
things on the other do is boil milk well
that was a horrible disaster buy cheese
from the store are you talking about a
hiatal is that the cheese factory paid
the money for the tip I read the thing
and I guess they just wanted to start a
rumor that you spent $100 the cheese
castle that was their sole goal what are
you time I have by the way I have never
been to the cheese castle Karen loves
its cheese guys in my entire life I have
never been to the cheese cake every time
Karen drives by the cheese council she's
got to stop by the cheese guys I I'm a
big fan of cheese
I enjoy cheese I have never been to the
cheese castle what is the cheese castle
okay the cheese castle is a tourist trap
that you see shortly after going over
the Illinois to Wisconsin border yes
Wisconsin cheese uh hey let's make a
cheese castle put it right on the border
and people coming to visit I stopped by
the cheese castle for the famous
Wisconsin cheese
nowhere near as big a tourist trap is
wall drunk though oh my god what a what
a what a waste of space if you ever
decide to drive West South Dakota you
know from Wisconsin to South Dakota in
South Dakota you will be inundated you
will be barrage with advertisements for
wall drug and a stretcher oh there's
nothing on this stretch of road you're
driving through nothing you driving
through desert and prairies all you see
is every few miles a sign for wall
dragon each sign is different yeah come
to visit wall drugs see the wall drug
there go all kinds of cute or goofy
signs and then you get there it's just a
just a fucking tourist trap a place
where you can buy shit oh it's awful
North Dakota north and maybe noisy
tonight one of the baggage just know
it's one of the Dakotas yeah maybe North
Dakota it's it's terrible and it's it's
supposed to be like an Old West town
that's kind of a shtick but they it's
also just a hodgepodge of gift shops
yeah that's all it is with wood floors
it's terrible what I what a waste
where is your blade Hansen's rich you
and Jack have kept me hey it's free with
your streams Wow and my doctor confirmed
keep up the good work
PS if you need any razor blades
installed I know a guy okay
okay turtle the license rich what is
your favorite and or scariest episode of
The Twilight Zone every series from
every decade included it's not a good
ones to choose from try the episodes
yeah
there's the bomb shelter one there's one
family in the town although you know the
neighborhood you know they'll get along
together I think it starts there like a
neighborhood get-together mhm
and they hear that nuclear war is about
to break out but only one of the
families in the neighborhood has built
themselves a bomb shelter and they all
turn against each other
former friends shirt against each other
and ends up being a false alarm with the
bomb shelter but that's that's a good
one
classic twice yeah yeah that's great
the monsters are due on Maple Street was
that was that the water was not the one
with the the the fake alien invasion
there was another one that was similar
the episode is called the shelter by the
way yeah yeah for those who wanted to
know
I remember the silly one
where the one guy he's has planned to
defeat all evil in the world is midnight
he's just going to cause every evil
person to shrink what yeah it's a really
business hour episode it was guys this
guy's not all there oh sure he's trying
to convince someone that he's going to
turn all of the the evil people in the
world 3 inches tall come midnight nobody
believes him but and then no midnight
comes and of course he's the one who
shrinks to be 3 inches tall cuz he's
evil
he didn't you didn't we didn't figure on
that not at necessarily McAfee
which did you like dead rising for did
you like AIDS throw lambs football
famous says I'm sorry for running off
with the gas last stream Jason was
coming after me and I was too panicked
to remember the drop large item
keybinding here's $2 to make up for
getting you killed
you were you were playing as Vanessa you
had no business putting the gas in the
car she has a terrible prepare staff
terrible
way to be Vanessa you borked it you
borked it did you watch did you watch
that stream I'm assuming you didn't I I
was pumping in here and there throughout
the night but I didn't I didn't watch it
for very long no I think I think playing
with the Chad's done what I said well
for one you're all terrible coach for
another thing that some assholes just
reaps nothing that's no folks playing as
Jason he kept finding bait we're weird
and then I hit the button to turn the
screen off the visuals off yeah suddenly
he was wasn't fighting me anymore we
thought he was so cute what a dick I'm
just think I'm just thinking you
dickhead yeah got himself a fan right
afterwards good yeah good good
he also took hostages and wanted to
exchange them for Rich's position like
what's the deal what's the point just to
kill rich and stream like when you cheat
what's the point you just look like a
jackass right
don't let one asshole
Hornet rich I think I think we've had
better games just playing with randoms
yeah yeah and there's always still the
possibility that you'll get a stream
sniper or whatever but yeah
some guy took his girlfriend hostage
on-screen unless which gave up his
position yeah yeah the Nomad geek says
keep up the good work our lemon prereq
rules both the Lord humungus and
immortan joe wasteland okay it's true we
do charge the time for large humungous
so well-spoken but he's wearing that
ridiculous outfit means alone just walk
away just walk away yeah I'll probably
take Lord humungus over a Morning Joe
yeah yeah they're both they're both fine
characters
what about the toecutter it's just an
asshole biker guy there's a villain on
the first one played by the guy who
eventually did
immortan joe oh really yeah oh
that's what's going on Jack I'm at a
shop the nice thing you can do at a shop
is you can this is one of the areas
where you can get rid of a card in your
hand
yeah cost it cost a little bit of money
but you can mean to permanently remove a
card from your hand so you start getting
rid of those weaker cards and I have a
ton of money to spend and just nothing
here that I really love I do I do have
this I have this impervious or there's a
some pervious card which is gained 30
block which is pretty big like 30 shield
but any shield you accumulates
disappears after your enemies turn like
when you start your new turn all your
shield goes away and so but basically
this could stop me from dying yeah but I
have another card in my deck which is
this barricade block no longer expires
at the start of your turn so if I play
this and then play the other one I can
keep all of the block that I've
accumulated you you you do what you must
and so it could work out really nice um
I probably should have gotten rid of one
of my curse cards I wasn't even thinking
about that so it could turn out really
nice if if I get them in the right order
that I'd have a ton of let's do it let's
do that some potion here
got some potions damage all anyways this
could work this is you know this is the
kind of the strategy of the game is you
know refine taking your deck and
refining it so that you get all only the
good cards so I also bought another one
of these fire-breathing cards which I
have right here which is at the end of
each turn for each attack played you
deal one damage to enemy so if I play
both of them I'm now dealing two attack
to each enemy every single turn it could
it could be nice okay okay I'm coming
you know I'm the strategy is starting to
formulate here in world 2
so see you took that weird
off-the-beaten-path route I did because
it had a shop closer and it had an
elites which you know drops one of these
big guys I could have gone the other
route and did more question marquee
things but you know those are gamble
it's good stuff or not so the chat can't
believe you didn't rid yourself of one
of those persons I wasn't thinking that
I was definitely not paying attention
when can you remove those only only
either at shops or I need a special item
and I could remove them at fires there's
very few places that I can remove curses
so I really should have absolutely
damnit
it's alright this is it's a it's a
decent start a decent start I got that
barricade so now any black eye game
didn't you have two zero cards one those
have been free uses they would but they
also some cards say let's see if I have
one here no with some cards say did see
here at the end here it says exhaust
which means you can only use it once
okay in in the entire battle and it
applies one week to all enemies but the
enemy wasn't attacking me that route
that turned so it would have been
useless I'm saving it to come up again
okay oh what's wrong oh he gave me the
confusion disadvantage which is whenever
you draw a card it randomizes its cost
and so like you know like these are now
free to use but they're weak cards but
you know this one zero zero well then
you got your use your defense cuz you
got that block thing yeah yeah maybe my
gain strength oh yeah we can do that for
sure
what are these do if transformed or
removed for each card in your hand son
of a bitch
okay
it's fine everything's gonna be fine
sometimes it works out in my favor where
you know the randomization can give me
yeah we wanna tackies great great great
great and then we are going to great
everything's great
I see that feeling pretty I'm feeling
good about it so far got play more than
three cards this time so I have to
remember that can't play that anyway
oh I wanted that alright great
they were Jack what what what combos
yeah hello that's a perfect timing from
that card I really should have gotten
rid of that card that card is probably
gonna end up killing me
did it mother
someone make rich talk about spider-man
what do you want me to say about
spider-man
do you like the spider-man it's fine
yeah how do you feel about that
spider-man do you do you think the
spider-man is cool thanks I don't
understand the hype for the new one the
game I don't understand the hype she's
everyone seems hyped and the game
doesn't look that amazing I I like the
you know there's pluses and minus the
minuses the idea of a Arkham style
spider-man game could be really good
that combat could work exceptionally
well with spider-man in fact I think
we've said that before is this combat
would work really great with spider-man
yeah the damn
the downside is of course if we don't
get that and we only get QuickTime
events if every boss in that game is
gonna be a shitty QuickTime event every
fucking boss because you know what the
Arkham games don't do well boss fights
every fucking boss encounter and the
game's gonna be shitty cinematics where
you occasionally hit extra square sure
angle that's very possible
absolutely
that's very very possible
I hope not but you know it could be I
think people are people just want
spider-man games people like spider-man
some of the boss fights were great Ra's
al Ghul mr. freeze
mr. freeze was a stealth boss fight in
grade one of the best things in the
series mm-hmm wasn't a normal boss fight
that's fine
Ra's al Ghul mm-hmm they just give you
Houston ation where you saw dozens of
them it was just like the combat with
all the other normal goons but there
were just but some of them were real you
know that's kind of a cheap and you know
it yeah
the solomon grundy fight week swizzle
spoilers for you I guess do you give a
shit
not necessarily I mean I'm gonna get
around to it by the time I get around to
it I'll have forgotten Clayface week
that's too bad I like locusts you know
it's the least like game in the
franchise and it shouldn't be you know
you know what you know what Arkham game
has good boss fights at least then you
know the best boss fights in the series
relatively speaking huh Arkham origins
the one everyone hits on it's it's very
it's very quick time event II but
there's there's a decent encounter with
Deathstroke okay it's an actual fight
with Killer Croc and not a run through
the sewer kind of thing
okay thrown batarangs important origins
actually has some boss fights in it that
are jacquard crap that's good that's
good
The Killer Croc fight was a letdown
it was the first fight in the game
though was the first boss fight they're
usually not the most difficult fights
and in all honesty Batman really
shouldn't have too much of a problems
they can kill her back down he's all
brood with no finesse Batman should be
able to decimate him ho-oh Bane oh god
Bane and Arkham origins is so amazing oh
yeah
compared to that crap fight you've got
in Arkham Asylum oh yeah you get you get
just the the the bull oleh fight in
Arkham yeah yeah yes the Batarang and
died Anthony Anthony and then he falls
over yeah there's there's an actual
high-quality bane fight virgins that's
good and he looks like Bane he doesn't
look like some kind of grotesque fucking
who's who's his fucking name
90s come regardless through the grossly
disproportionate people life album yeah
he doesn't look like a fuckin Liefeld
creation in Arkham origins
the biggest strike Arkham origins has
against it well there's two strikes okay
it reuses pretty much the exact same map
that they used in Arkham City oh really
yeah well Sunday that's how they did it
quick and cheap sure sure they put some
snow and Christmas lights on things but
it's the same it's the same overworld
from city which on one hand that feels
cheap but it also makes sense because
the you're still in Gotham if you want
to get technical about it they should
use the same map all the time for every
game because you know you've update a
building or two here and there yeah and
if you haven't played city you wouldn't
even you wouldn't even fucking notice
right right the other strike is it's
it's not Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill
but the people they got that's pretty
much Trey Baker and I don't remember who
did Batman Troy Baker does the Joker
they're pretty good
they're pretty good I could I could see
if you were coming from the other Arkham
games how that would be a gear shift
yeah so
story-wise it's actually method that
matters the grand scheme of things for a
game but story-wise origins actually
it's better than city arkham city by the
time you get to the end of the game it
doesn't remember what it was supposed to
be about story why yeah story-wise
yeah origins you're the story is solidly
constructed yes as compared to arkham
city that's good but city has a great
story in atmosphere no city starts off
with one premise gets distracted with a
joke or subplot and then comes back to
the main plot and then oh let's go back
to the joker because we'd only care
about the joker
what I'm just kind of thinking how to
how to put this okay
it's like all right Arkham Arkham night
night yeah yeah some people bitch that
the Joker takes over that story and it's
not actually about the Scarecrow even
though he should be the main villain in
Arkham Knight yeah here's the thing
mm-hmm
all right the Scarecrow he's a fucking B
Lister he's a fucking be Lister at the
end of the day b-plus incerti
in certain stories I could see a b-plus
I could see he's on the top of the
second string an epic story about the
Scarecrow was ultimately going to be a
letdown
sure this is why I'm okay when the Joker
kind of takes over in Arkham Knight
right Arkham Arkham City some more
spoilers for you
Ra's al Ghul okay one of the best Batman
villains you can do easily do an epic
Raja al Ghul story absolutely and it
gets lost into a joker or Side Story
Arkham City it's unfuckin forgivable
that they fucking wastes Ra's al Ghul
absolutely just to shove more Joe ray
sure Roz are for the fucking
pronouncement I always realize the
craters don't even know they flip-flop I
want to say in Batman the Animated
Series they call him Raj okay so that's
my cannon we died but we unlock some
stuff we've got some new cards
I draw one card lost one card if the
chosen consciousness yeah you know we
don't need we don't need the Joker in
every fucking story I think we were
talking about that we were talking about
that the other day and you know it would
be a letdown if you weren't there at all
you know it you know it well but you
know what I actually I think the way
they the way they did Arkham Knights was
an appropriate use of not necessarily a
Joker story but having Joker in there
like he was all he was around but he
wasn't necessarily the focus we got the
fun Joker twist at the end and so it was
kind of about the Joker but kind of also
this other story it was what you know
Jason
Todd's Joker all that fun stuff good we
just don't need him in every single
fucking story we were talking about that
Gotham by Gaslight you know that yeah
Batman is back in the old days looking
into the murder you know
the Jack the Ripper murders and it's
like well I wonder who Jack the Ripper
is gonna turn out to be one of those
things yeah I'm sure it's the Joker we
just don't need him
or give Batgirl her own proper dlc with
jane doe as the villain I don't know
what Jane Doe is but where those things
there's things you could do would be the
other character this character is a
little more is a little trickier there's
a little more fun a lot of there's a lot
of poisoning and you know in long game
why can't we have Batman stories that
don't involve the Joker because the
Joker is so much more interesting than
any of Batman's other villains it would
be a letdown if he weren't there in some
capacity in some capacity yes the story
doesn't need to room yes yes yes agreed
yeah which is what city should have done
but did not do that's that sounds like a
kick in the balls right yeah
- Rita Raj
next we have three times
thanks ghost well that could be fun you
know I just it's it's one of the Joker
is one of those things where if you over
the more you use him the more you
devalue him and he's used so often we've
hit up a point of diminishing returns
pulled that Joker back are you excited
about our future Arkham game where the
villain is Mad Hatter are you hyped
about that game after that ventriloquist
huh huh both fine villains you know give
me a give me a Batman game where the
main villain okay okay let's see here
the main villain is the main villain for
like for like epic for like the epic
awesome Batman story this feel there's a
few there's a few I'm trying to I'm
coming you know the main villain is
faint bane yeah that's a good one that's
a fine one you know he's the and he's
smart Bane he's not big dumb Bane yeah
who is schemed this whole thing and then
the Father play arkham origins yeah play
arkham origins okay you get you get
smart bane oh good I've always hated
I've always hated big dumb brute Bane's
yeah no that's that's Arkham Asylum yes
they actually explain why he's big dumb
brute bait in origin in origins that's
great he it takes the experimental stuff
at the end which is just all kinds of
fucks him up that's most of the game
he's the bane you know oh that's fun
that's fun
what about okay we can have Joker in
there somewhere but the main villain is
the clock King no and and he has he has
precisely orchestrated all the other
villains to be exactly where they need
to be at exactly the right time and when
you when you battle the clock King
because he knows all of your moves you
can't use any of your counters or
anything like that like it's a different
battle so it's a little you got a you
got a set up some traps and do some no I
mean no the answer is No
the answer's no yeah could the black
mask work as a main villain like a
classic Batman versus the mob story and
like a normal story sure we're talking
about like like like the arc I mean you
could you get one good videogame every
four years you know I mean it's like
it's a rare treat this is your 2030 hour
adventure you want the final boss to be
a climax
yes yeah yes and so in that case you
need an a-lister you need you need you
need Raj or tell you I will take Raja
I'll take Sal yeah okay that could be
fun Raj or Thalia you need Bane you need
Joker you need mr. free mr. freeze could
be a good final villain you could
probably make that like somebody like
the clock King he's a minor boss in the
game
yes I'm throwing I'm thrown scarecrow in
that territory too honestly he's a
one-dimensional character like Batman
Batman the Arkham games as games the the
you know the do you remember remember
the promise of half-life episode 1 and 2
do you remember the before we realized
it was it was unobtainable of smaller
games coming out more off oh yeah
remember that yeah the episode the
episodic games where you get you get
smaller games but they've come out more
often
oh what a great promise that was that
failed miserably on every aspect but
like that's exactly what the Batman
games need yeah a like a 10 hour of 8 to
10 hour experience every year we could
you know like a small little adventure
every year with a different I don't I
don't know why they couldn't do that we
just even just DLC for one of the other
games I haven't why I couldn't do that
remember the DLC for Arkham Knight we
was like two hours yeah no we finished a
background one in like 45 minutes yeah
yeah is it joke there's a goddamn joke
oh I think it was a gosh-dang joke
people on the chatter saying they would
put Raja and taya on the B list I can't
I can't disagree more
Rajesh it could arguably be an
arch-nemesis he arguably should be yes I
you know like him vs. the Joker you know
you have your honestly Batman like if
Batman's in the center Joker is his
arch-nemesis on this side and Raj is his
arch-nemesis on this side as Raj and
Joker ultimately are the two different
halves of Batman's fan the Joker
yeah it's like Batman's opposite right
everything the Batman is the Joker is
the exact opposite mm-hmm Raj is more
like Batman's evil side yeah he's
intelligent he is rich he is physically
capable yes what all right this is what
I'm saying he's this other side of
Batman where you know if Joker's anarchy
Batman is order Raj is evil order order
like he's the logical conclusion to
Batman evil is the problem let's just
kill everyone and wipe out anything that
could be construed as evil then there
won't be evil yes totalitarianism Batman
Roger al Ghul fantastic foil for Batman
absolutely absolutely
Raja's tyranny arguably so is the Batman
Raja's Batman taken to a extreme but but
by the way not even that far away of an
extreme from where Batman is if if you
remember like you know if we take you
know the Nolan Batman movies yeah
everything up until that one point
Batman was totally down with oh yeah
well trained to fight we're gonna take
on evil I'm gonna we're gonna we're
gonna like really hurt some people it
was just that next level of like killing
people that bit like Batman was with him
nine-tenths of the way I like that Raj
refers to Batman as Detective yes he
respects his intelligence absolutely
yeah he understands that that's Batman's
true strength hmm its cunning it's true
it's true fantastic foil I I think if if
anyone would call Raj Batman's arch
nemesis I would be fine that would be
just a fine thing okay that card works
in a different way than I suspected but
that's fine
Batman is kind of insane of of course
yes Batman puts on a costume and beats
the crap out of mentally ill people
there is no doubt about it he is on
another level insane ask some non
comic-book guy to name five Batman
villains and I doubt Rose would end up
on the list at all
so but I give a shit what they think and
you know that's I I understand the
argument here which is like if you're
trying to sell a Batman game you put Raj
on the cover and people are gonna go why
is why is them is the Mandarin in a band
but that's why no no yes can on comic
book Finland say why isn't the Joker
wearing makeup and why is he wearing a
robe
when did the Joker get a goatee yeah why
isn't the Joker wearing his makeup but
that's why you know you fill out the
other rogue gallery and you you put some
other people on the cover there you fill
it you fill it out with with some B
Lister's and you'll be fine
actually you know would see this would
be a way to epic of a game is you have
what you have here is Batman versus both
the Joker and Ross too much no no wait
are you ready for it yeah
then oh this is never gonna happen
because it's way too much at one point
in the game based on some decisions that
you make earlier on you have to side
with either Joker to take down Raj or
Raj to take down the Joker so you could
play it two times and have two different
experiences okay
that'd be a good that'd be a good
fucking story by the way you're welcome
Goffin
miss Gotham PD inept are they lazy
because they have a Batman well
canonically they're corrupt
so Gotham needs a Batman uh-huh uh-huh
which is something else origins orgies
is great story-wise because the Gotham
PD are just utterly corrupt hmm
it's a section where you're sneaking
through Gotham PD yeah shit you over
here there's a hit out in the Batman for
50 million so we're gonna go out we're
gonna kill the Batman tonight if cops
talking about getting the money for good
in the Batman yeah for taking out a
murder case great origins is great okay
I'm I'm sure you're getting me a you're
putting me on Team origins here I got to
choose an upgrade here it's taking me a
little bit this is more poison for
people and poison is really helpful this
nightmare card could be really good if I
can if I can pair this nightmare card
with another card it could be really
powerful this is also you know what
let's do this just because this is a
free card for damage plus too weak this
paired with the nightmare card could
turn into something pretty special
didn't origins get a lot of shit use the
same absorbed see his origin on Steam
they all are they all are yeah okay I
didn't know if that was like a you know
need to do too
I mean obviously the Joker shows up in
origins so you know you're not gonna get
away from that right right but cuz you
never you can never get away from you
know I get that I get it you could say
that about all of the Arkham games so
read Batman White Knight it's the best
Batman story I read it more than a
decade it's an example that Batman can
be political until a message rooted in
our times also a standalone story
doesn't okay
yes
are there any good Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtle games well I am the only one in
the world who likes it uh-huh the only
one in the world but that out of the
shadows game I enjoyed I enjoy it a lot
so it's like a hybrid between Arkham
combat and actual combo button combat
there's a little bit of both interest
yeah yeah I've heard a lot of shit about
that game III think it's just because
the coop is broken it is broken you
can't play co-op okay
you can't play multiplayer with other
people as the other Turner's work oh
okay but I'm a single-player guy so that
didn't bother me at all
I could see that like wanting to play
with other people as noodles oh yeah
yeah yeah okay that's fair I don't think
they'd ever fix that
get rid of that curse jack oh right
thank you thank you thank you
sometimes chat you're just you're on the
you're on the mark I'll buy a poisoned
thanks chat you remind me to do the
things that I should remember to do
Gately says hey guys I you missed out on
a really good / bad movie last best of
the worst
I hope the ball lands on vibrations next
time please keep that one on the blink
get aboard and after and keep being
fantastic as always I remember like
someone I'm the one that got vibrations
I'm the one that purchased that yeah
because someone and it might have been
you someone shared the trailer with me
and I saw that trailer and said apps the
fucking lutely so that was that was my
Edition and yeah I'm looking forward to
it okay where's your blade hat says hey
rich
thanks for the Star Trek next generation
tip i watch season 1 and didn't get much
into it started season 3 at your
recommendation and it's great you're
welcome you're welcome uncle rich knows
what's up well right and now you can go
back and you know enjoy some season one
did you start a new game yeah why don't
go okay I mean not a while ago
relatively recent ago yeah this is this
is the other character okay that you can
play as now I didn't I didn't notice
that
oh it's neat it's like it's like a which
person you can see a little bit of a
face under there yeah and some hair but
yeah a lot of a lot of poison a lot of
like effects that this person does dig
it
yeah Camus says guys did a bunch of job
interviews this winter it left me with a
burning question where do you see
yourselves in five years rich be head of
Warner Brothers and Jack head of Sony
Pictures yes
I'll probably be dead five years oh yes
it's possibility ya know at that point I
will definitely be head of what was
formerly known as Sony Pictures and what
is currently known as Sony Disney
Pictures I'll be in charge of that
merger
I'll just own everything yeah yeah they
will you guys are genuine nerds and I
appreciate that yeah you're welcome I
guess
oh yeah the Friday the 13th stream I
played us Jason once a night I just
lotta everybody yeah they called me
indoors
who did other people I was playing
against why just thrashed they called
you a nerd look doesn't that doesn't
that mean you're good you know you know
how Jason has two different powers
that'll that allow him to basically
appear to you all next you out of
nowhere yeah you're gonna need to the
morph next somebody or shift next
somebody yeah my final kill III morph
right next to somebody you came out of
nowhere what's going on with that yeah I
was kind of suspicious that's what the
game that's what he does that's one
caissons powell's one of his powers
that's come out of like literally I come
out of nowhere that's the basic artists
of the game cause fishs reported aimbot
reported yeah guys I you just he's morph
nerd nerd he chose like nerd this is
just so sad Oh
I'm so sorry
I'm very very sorry yes
I hope he died horribly I think I shoved
a garden shear through his head so yeah
the part 5 Jason he just uses big hedge
clippers you know what I didn't get a
chance to play as the new Jason yeah
when I when I picked it up after your
stream well one of the kills you can
yeah they come apart you just shove one
under the chin and the other one and the
temple guys I gotta play as that Jason
or at least play against that Jason
I think earlier they thought streaming
this game would get more views than the
Super Bowl well we just figured we just
figured okay this is what I want to do
alright this is the this is what I'm
hoping for
yeah this is a good combination so this
card lets me choose any other card and I
add three copies of that card to my hand
next time next sent right then I have
this card which costs zero to use that
does for damage and applies weak to the
enemy so I can make three copies of this
put in my hand next I make them super
weak and deal a little bit of damage
this is this is this is this is the mad
strats here great and I still get to use
it this turn as well

[Part II]
I think earlier they thought streaming
this game would get more views than the
Super Bowl well we just figured we just
figured okay this is what I want to do
alright this is the this is what I'm
hoping for
yeah this is a good combination so this
card lets me choose any other card and I
add three copies of that card to my hand
next time next time right then I have
this card which costs zero to use that
does for damage and applies weak to the
enemy so I can make three copies of this
put in my hand next I make them super
weak and deal a little bit of damage
this is you know this is this is this is
the mad strats here great and I still
get to use it this turn as well
yeah look at this
now he's super weak attacks deal 25%
less damage for seven terms that's gonna
be very helpful and did a little bit of
damage it's great it's great
we like that perfect we're rocking it
I'm gonna get I'm gonna get a little
damage but we're rockin so now he's
poisoned yes
he's weak so now I can just concentrate
on my defense oh my god I get to keep
all those copies fuck yeah rich so now I
can just concentrate on my defense while
I just slowly murder him that's great
that's a great comment that's what
you're hoping for in a deck building
game you want to find find the combos so
what what are the differences between
the different characters you each
character gets kind of their card set
and this one is all about poisoning and
and stat adjusting your enemies whereas
the other one is more just about
attacking kind of the other one is is
the starter character your general
attack defense yeah this one is about
poisoning and you know manipulating and
whatnot there's another character in the
character selection screen that is not
yet available okay so this is only two
right now there's only two okay and the
more you play the more stuff you unlock
you know classic classic rogue life you
unlock this you unlock that more cards
and where are they are they even in the
game yet because I know this is early
access what those other characters know
the other character is not even
is it like literally has a screen that
says not available yet so is this like a
deck building FTL it exactly that's a
that's exactly what it is it's it's it's
that's a good way to put it yeah just
deck building Jack to play hearthstone I
have played hearthstone why aren't you
all about the hearthstone that's the
deck building game hearthstone
is a deck building game hearthstone is
also stupid pants kind of so-so
hearthstone is player versus player
right yeah but it's also a free game but
the more you play hearthstone the more
cards you can unlock or you can pay
money to unload pay to win it can be
oh it's either pay to win or the more
you play it the just the more options
you have and then the the more the
better cards you will have the better
equipment you will have and they do have
matchmaking but I just wasn't that into
it this to me is a little more
streamlined its deck building game but
you're facing you know like there's a
ramp up in challenge much like any other
roguelike you know you the first level
is pretty easy of ramps up ramps up
ramps up yeah so Izzie hey behind it no
no that's um that's Blizzard hearthstone
is Blizzard the other the other bigwig
in loot boxes they know they know what
they're doing loot box wise lizard in
gaming is passed me by Jack you think
loot boxes microtransaction I've I have
no one she's in any of that ship and i
won
I don't even me I don't even need to
attack him I just will one feel good
about this feeling good about this from
whenever an enemy dies
that could be good
great
you know I loot boxes are one of those
things it's it's the downside is so
inevitable and so obvious and we just
need to remember that there will be a
counterbalance mm-hmm
like we're going hard loot boxes right
now but there there's also the other
side of the equation which is games like
this like independently develop the game
sure we have more games now than we ever
have and more niche markets and more
single person game development teams or
small game development teams and also we
have the giant people that are ripping
off everyone and taking advantage of
addictive behavior can I say something
nice about Naughty Dog as related I know
I know
look I don't I don't like their style of
heavily cinematic above everything else
for the sake of being highly cinematic
yeah but they make complete
single-player experiences you know a
little bit of devil's advocate there I I
do appreciate that about Naughty Dog
well you may not necessarily like their
single-player right right hey that was
nice
how's that feel how they feel being a
little positive being being positive
towards Naughty Dog did that hurt or no
logical conclusion it's tough it's
stuffing you know the the the honesty is
loot boxes are not going away well
probably not we'll see if the law steps
in but they probably won't until the law
steps in they are not
going away because yeah well I think
this was the thing that like Rockstar
brought to light right where it's like
1% of their user base are providing them
with 90% of their revenue from loot
boxes yeah it's insane how few people
are fueling this industry and how much
money they're making from it mm-hmm
but but it is and even overwatch which
you know does the loot boxes but it's
only cosmetic stuff and it doesn't
really matter it's still and you know
like I obviously I'm I'm a little biased
because I love overwatch yeah and I
don't my loot boxes so it doesn't matter
to me but I understand that they are
also taking advantage of people who have
addiction problems and that's all it is
it's it's gambling math people want the
new thing and they want like they they
they they get that dopamine hit from
opening the loop box I just want another
hit they want another hit and they're
taking advantage of people who might not
be able to control their spending habits
to get a little real it'll real get a
little harsh
rocket League rocket Lake does the same
thing yeah again you don't need any of
those any of those keys to open up the
loose boxes right we're gonna meet him
for gameplay you don't need them for
game playing but oh you can you kind of
want that special goal explosion you
want the special hat topper don't you
I'd respect these things much more if
you could just spend the money to buy
the thing you want you can i buy that
topper No
yes see you have to buy the box that may
or may contain it's a shitty it is
shitty it is shitty but they they
learned it from casinos right they
learned it Oh people who have already
making a ton of money off of this stuff
I have in the recall
all the content is available to earn
without paying anything if you want
what's it like 60,000 hours worth
playtime well and see that that's what
what what you're doing here
by the way it's oh by the way you are
absolutely correct it like in overwatch
for example cuz that's just the game I
know you you you can earn free loot
boxes right and you know you put your
place so much you do the better you do
in game the more experience points again
you get a free loot box every time you
level up right and you're absolutely
right but what that also is is um the
first ones free and any corner Street
any corner drug dealer will tell you you
want to give the kids their first taste
for free
worth there weren't there people in
rocket League who would literally put
like a rubber band on the analog stick
and tape down like the gas button yes
and they'd be just let it run for hours
they would make kick for being idle yeah
yeah just just to grind for those loot
boxes but that's what you want you want
it you want to give the kids their taste
oh hey you just got you just got an epic
skin and you got it for free heart loot
box is great
don't you want more don't you want
drug-dealing 101 give them the first
taste for free then they come back for
more deal with it
poison eise
that was battlefront - I'm sure it was
rocket League - because I remember
people did that in rocket League yeah
that's I mean that's any game people
people will fight they used to have when
when Team Fortress 2 had had their you
know Box system there were actually
specific idol servers this is a thing in
tf2 and so what you would do is you'd go
to these idol servers and what they
would have because like there there were
certain conditions and Team Fortress
this was back in the day yes yeah there
are certain conditions that not only did
your character have to move but you had
to like die so often what if you're just
good and didn't die or well there's but
you'd be moving there were some there
was there were these certain things that
you had to meet so they would make idle
servers with custom levels that would
have a conveyor belt conveyor belt this
is a real this is a real thing rich they
would have a conveyor belt that took
your character into like a meat grinder
so then you would respawn and because oh
wait ok you know why because the way
that Team Fortress 2 used to do their
boxes was for every death you had a
chance every death you had a chance to
get a box but you had to keep moving to
die and so they would keep going to
conveyor belt and put you in a meat
grinder and so people would turn would
go into an idle server at night and then
you get 12 hours just meat brining that
was tf2 like a year and a half look
boxes folks look boxes
people are really innovative when it
comes to getting free shit it was great
it was great
they did it for hats it was well
whatever it was they I remember go
because like I remember like visiting
one of these servers just to see what it
was all about and I just did not get it
it was great I win you are dead now
they weren't idling for well oh that's
right they weren't oh sorry yeah yeah
you're bringing bringing it over so they
weren't idling for loot boxes yeah at
with every death you had a chance to get
a weapon drop okay and then you could
take those weapons and turn them into
hats similar yeah it's similar principle
I remember Allah yeah yeah and so like
you would put you going the Idol server
and then the next morning you would wake
up you know check on your game and just
like see all the shit that you got is it
was amazing amazing times lost in
technicolor says haven't compulsively
tipped you guys in a few months take my
money
just take it thank you okay storm
Templar says Jack and rich here is a
reason that lose loot boxes are a thing
now there's a link keep in mind there
has not been an increase in game prices
since 2006 all right
again the doesn't change the fact that
they're making shitty games now that are
just excuses to gamble and give up money
well and if you want to if you want to
look at it from a legislative point of
view the worry that people have with
these loot boxes is that they are taking
advantage of people who don't have
necessarily the mental capacity not to
buy them people with addictive
tendencies our loot box is taking
advantage of people's addiction however
you slice this yeah whatever their
reasons are we're still in a situation
where Triple A games are a thing I'm not
interested anymore
yeah I know this is a cost too high for
making games but they make shit games
now that are just loot box gambling
games I don't care I don't care about
that
fucking nice yeah I'm pretty good
what about blood-borne - I'm sure we
fine I'm not saying they make literally
nothing I'm interested in but their use
there was a day there was a day this in
the past
hahaha there was a day when there would
be multiple titles a year I was
interested in multiple titles a year now
I'm lucky if there's one every other
year that I love there was a day last
triple a game
I loved probably doom 2016 ok yeah
that's a good one I think you know but
even thinking on those lines yeah
obviously I'm a big fan of overwatch
even you know Dishonored 2 was a really
fun play a player experience when was
that
yeah disorder 2 before doom wasn't it
was I think it might have been around
dude yeah but your breath of the wilds
fine breath of the wild was fine wasn't
really going to horizon zero dawn I
really enjoyed that was a big triple-a a
big triple layer there still out there
what No More Heroes 3p considered a
triple-a I highly doubt that a big it's
a triple a new No More Heroes small
developer cold suit of 50 world hits
suda51 that's not triple-a but it's not
triple-a but it's it's like what do you
what do you call someone in the minors
who's ready to move up like what do you
call someone in the minors who's ready
to move up but doesn't want to he's
right there
that's the worst that was fine yeah that
was fine
I'm sorry this is really good but I'm
dressed in the wild bred the wild yeah
but that was good
my breath oh well I think they're
they're still good to be had in the
triple-a market they're still good to be
had
from from Nintendo but they're still
very they're still very old-school
mentality
I even like everyone talks about triple
A's I think just there's a mental block
in thinking about Nintendo as a triple-a
gaming company
XCOM your ex come see your ex come twos
rich well that was that was also two
years ago sure was it yeah was that two
years ago that was the same years doom
this was a it came to the point but what
was your favorite this year and I I was
I was horribly torn Oh between XCOM to
and doom that's right
I might regret this what are you doing
but so you after every time you meet you
know like a little enemy you get to
choose one of three cars and if you want
you can choose none of them and so it's
always a it's always when you're playing
any deck building game you want to make
sure that your hand or that the the
pasta your possible hand you have a lean
deck a deck that's stacked to all the
good stuff and get rid of your crap
stuff so it's like well this card was
good and it does some damage and it
applies poison and right now I'm doing a
pretty good poison heavy so yeah but do
I need it like do I need this card not
really and in if just having it in my
deck is going to disadvantage me in any
way should I have it can you not take a
card yeah you cannot take card if you
think that's wise I took it
Oh
it'll be fine everybody
not a riched half of the bag you
mentioned there's not much Star Wars can
do as far as story goes and isn't he
learn anything from the dark forces
slash Kyle Katarn games or is there
nothing there either there's there's
nothing there either I mean those are
fine games defined games I don't I don't
know there's cinema quality stories that
will resonate through history
which ones were those games uh those
ones you run around and shoot things in
the Star Wars games the Star Wars
first-person shooter games though the
later ones were more third-person where
you would run around with a lightsaber
and what were they called first one okay
this raises a fucked up naming history
okay alright I'm with you the first one
is just called dark forces just dark
forest just dark forces okay the second
one is called
dark forces 2 : Jedi Knight and the
third one is technically speaking dark
forces 3 Jedi Knight 2 Jedi Outcast
my name is so nice see the game the game
Jedi Knight was popular because it had
the word Jedi in it ha ha so they called
the third one Jedi Knight 2 even though
it's the third game in the series yes
much like much like half-life 2 episode
3 yeah that's great what a clusterfuck
much longer are we going to be streaming
I know
Oh what so I would have a lot what's our
up time looking up time we started two
and a half hours ago at least another
hour and a half you know what time what
time is it for another hour and a half
is probably okay probably then it'll be
right around dinnertime for me yeah
right another hour and a half
the valve ever officially say we're
never making another half-life half-life
3 will never be Episode three will never
be that ever beneficial no they've never
made that official I know there there
was a oh that coming did you hear about
the rumors of Microsoft buying valve no
there was rumors that Microsoft was
about to make a big game studio purchase
and like they're gonna buy valve it's
all over huh it's all over oh no I want
to say Gabe or someone just came outside
nope nope nope nope nope no they said
nope nope nope when you hear that it's
over what gaming oh yeah gaming is over
oh no just the fact that Microsoft is
interested in buying steam means that
eventually it's gonna happen here's my
question yeah for the mostly for the
chat not for you because you probably
don't know also that's fair here's my
questions okay
is there some kind of third-party steam
emulator where the games I already have
downloaded from Steam so a third-party
software I can use to launch those games
as if it were steam because when
Microsoft does by valve and Institute's
microtransactions into using games you
already bought I don't want any part of
that shit but I still want access to all
of the games I already own and steam is
DRM
there are non-steam hacks and of course
look at that nope nope yep nope dammit
you suggested pirating rich I've always
had a great attitude towards piracy and
my Steam games that I only gali I would
have zero fucking guilt cracking those
zero guilt and it might be a necessity
someday think valve said they would lose
the DRM if they ever went under we're
not talking about them going under we're
talking about them being bought by
Microsoft or worse maybe EA someday it's
very possible very possible like you
know all those guys didn't they came
from Microsoft like they were part of
the early Windows development team
that's how they got all their money in
the first place
I highly doubt valve would ever sell
Steve he's Gabe Newell he's never gonna
die he's never ever gonna go away he's
an old fat man
it's literally any day any day and they
they were part of the early Windows
development team that's where they got
their money yeah they came from
Microsoft they probably have many
friends there and so you have those
people at Microsoft going we will will
buy steam but we will take care of it as
if you will do it well but you know then
you don't even have to worry about it go
into whatever you want we'll take care
of it but we promise and then a couple
years later we have a new service for
you and it's gonna be a great thing it's
gonna for cloud storage of lava but it
just costs five dollars a year so it's
nothing it's just that the first years
Oh sighs well you know the costs have
gone up that's a little bit more for
everything but it oh it's gonna be fine
it's gonna be fine this is the future
we're telling you the future you know
that right
this is the future this isn't
speculation this is the future this is
definitely happening
this is absolutely happening
DLC first came to be a thing and people
it's a great idea we're just gonna good
stuff you wouldn't about before now here
we are with fucking loot crate's yeah
yeah there's probably a direct line from
DLC to loot crate if the corporation can
fuck you over they will it's what they
do it's what they do and this is why I
buy up my games whatever I can off of
gog.com cuz I I have full control over
that fucking executable I don't need
some fucking server permission to play
my game right
yeah juju is great for that I still like
to use their you know they have GOG
galaxy there's steam like interface
I still like using that so someone post
a picture wasted life somewhere and say
game game development in the 1990s and
it was like a a picture of people from
in software just normal clothes lounge
about goofing off ya never know you know
yeah that was the thing back of the day
and I was that was game development in
the 90s the modern game development was
like a picture of just sending a
corporate board meeting where somebody
was pointing at a float shirt
but that's that's something for the big
guys oh yeah it's it's easier at you you
watching this right now could make a
game the tools are out there for
everyone to make their own game these
are just the big ones we're talking
about you do know that there's steam
games they're DRM free right what like
four of them they're a good for though
we're really good for
steam is too lucrative the South I'm
sure many companies have been trying to
acquire it for a while you know you know
what else is too lucrative the sole of
Fox Studios a lot of you know a lot of
big properties from Fox it's too big so
that by the way when when you become too
big to sell is exactly when you sell
because that's literally the most that
your company is going to be worth ever
that's when you make so much money you
just go off and do whatever you want I'm
there there is a list of things that are
too profitable to sell that have been
sold several times now chemicals is
going to be sold soon are you really
comparing valve to Dow Chemicals are you
really making that comparison haters
gonna hate
you know we're talking to right now Jack
what are we talking a lot of people who
are trying to throw a their head in the
sand
well talking to a lot of ostriches right
now and you know here here you know the
the question that here's the question
because you know when you come up
against a situation like this Ridge it's
always just a what can I do
situation a lot of people they feel
helpless and so rather than feel
helpless they stick their head in the
sand but I get that you because you like
that's what you want to say you want to
say like what can I do to stop this and
what you can do is not shop on steam
like you can show them that profit is in
drm-free you know shopping you shop at
GOG that would just that would just
hasten their being bought by somebody
else
oh well no I mean at the end of the day
steam might be gone right but you're
being proactive in your buying choices
but what I really need some kind of just
steam crack that that will guarantee all
of the games I've purchased will remain
under my control then when when when
when the inevitable happens someday that
would be the the other thing you can do
it we can we can find some sort of legal
loophole to keep all the games we
purchased even though I'm sure somewhere
in in the steam terms of service when
you agree to you sure somewhere in there
it says if we want we're going to take
your game away no matter what absolutely
without a doubt it says that somewhere
but-but-but
they said they would enable users to to
use their games if they went offline and
you believe that why Steve Oh for right
now sure yeah if you go offline use your
games
the questions may 20 mile we'll release
them all if we go under Oh why would you
believe that that means jack-shit that's
an empty promise well let him promise it
they might want that the next owner
won't give a fuck because it says we can
take your games away you agreed to the
Terms of Service motherfucker the
service has become a paid service now Oh
boom we've Church we've changed the
terms of the deal I'm sorry right what's
the Darth Vader line I'm sorry the deal
has been altered or no by the way pray
we don't alter it further and by the way
here's the fucked up thing if if the new
owner decides to take away all your
games the deal won't have been altered
at all
that's the deal it is right now they're
just not charging you anything for it
the terms of service are already there
rich needs therapy he needs to stop
focusing on the future and worry about
the now steam is fine oh yeah yeah don't
don't anticipate problems and plan ahead
that would be foolish
now I get where you're coming from and
you know got you know me I'm usually
like the positive person in this
scenario and rich you are you Yuki
you're negative you're a negative person
you're pessimist you're a pessimistic
person it served me well
but it's that doesn't mean we can't just
assume that everyone is gonna be super
nice and gray we got we got super lucky
with Gabe yeah you guys don't understand
what what a treat
that was not everyone's gonna be that
we just got lucky
you guys are 100% right but out of
curiosity - you go back and play much
older games file access to access to my
Steam probably wouldn't change my gaming
habits much all the time I've been
replaying for the Dead Rising series
lately and series is 12 years old the
first one right just been do you've just
been doing that on stream playing a
little bit of Arkham origins the other
night oh oh yah I was playing last night
fuckin shadow of Rome Oh which is matter
of 15 years old I play old games all the
fucking time yeah and it doesn't you've
paid for them you should be able to play
them oh I found out I found out
something really interesting really
bring it there shadow of Rome yes I was
replaying I literally last night found
out a shadow of Rome they it didn't sell
very well okay they'd already started
work on the sequel okay so you know what
happened shadow of Rome - I heard
mutated into Dead Rising what how is
that how is that a thing this is the
thing well I get it that the thing but
how it like but how I noticed you go to
like the the the storm that's got old
antiques like a lot of the weapons and
armament they have some of that's like
directly from shadow of Rome like the
helmets and whatnot yeah
you're probably most of my gaming is
older games at this point then you paid
for me yeah what it what if you feel
like it
it's good
it looks like I'm dead I might be able
to eat this out I might be able to eat
this out and as soon as you defeat the
boss you get all your health back so I
have 13 right now no I can make it I can
make it I can make it shadow of Rome is
not a PC game well for one I was playing
it on my playstation 2 emulator so very
much was playing it on my PC I own the
fucking disk it's not a problem
a secondly that wasn't the question the
question was how often do you play older
games right and I thought about it most
of my gaming is older games up to an
including shadow was Rome
and be cool about fire safety since you
could have a triple-a studio make a game
for you with an unlimited budget what
would you make them do you can give both
serious and dumb answer I love you guys
keep up the good stuff and I don't think
about it I have to think about it
I want i won whoever said I was dead I
did it i won
fuck y'all boom great great
which don't worry about the future we
won't be able to afford graphics cards
anyway have you witnessed how much the
value has skyrocketed damn
cryptocurrency miners well you know wait
for cryptocurrency to fail them it's
failing then then prices will go back
down we'll be fine
it is like it is crazy dropping yeah
yeah oh man everyone's everyone's in
freefall panic it's crazy how an
unregulated currency system goes into
freefall there's a wonderful article out
there that that speculates that the
immense rise in the price of
cryptocurrency was caused by one person
manipulating the market yeah yeah
one person manipulating the market then
it started to bubble and then of course
you know news agency started talking
about it so then it started bubble more
more and more and then that one person
so there you had a whole bunch of money
and everyone's in freefall now the
government's bad but regulation is bad
oh that's great
see what we can do here three curses
three relics that did not work well for
me last time I don't like that whenever
your enemy dies transfer any poison it
has to there we go
nice that'll do me well that'll do me
well boom
oh I was doing I was doing a little uh I
don't know if you watch any Linus tech
tips for them but no you know he does a
lot of like PC building and hardware
review stuff a lot of text I like his
general lot he's recently put out a
series kind of doing the bare-bones
explanation of like crypto currency and
like you know mining and how it comes
about like how people earn money yeah
and I thought it was but it has been
very informative like figuring out
because it's deregulated if if you have
if you want to get into cryptocurrency
you use a piece of software and that
software becomes part of the network
keeping track of everyone's money yeah
and if you do part of the work to keep
track of everyone's money that's how you
earn new bitcoins I mean part of the
system but people are using high-end
graphic cards and other things to do
more of the work yeah to mine more of
the Bitcoin which is why we're singing
an immense rise in GPUs recently yeah
it's been neat need to learn it's neat
to learn I think I'm good with my
graphics card for a while oh yeah yeah
luckily we got ours before before the
great scare the great scare of odd a
teen I got some money
these bosses are nice so we can do money
question little boss fire then another
boss that's right
great I think I have a I have a ten
sixty and my ten sixty is pretty good
it handles anything I throw at it yeah
is there an end to this game there is
there is there's there's only currently
there's only three worlds and I'm on a
world - yeah and if you can uh I think
there's only three worlds and if you can
beat you know the third mega boss then I
believe you win right now you know it's
the end right now
I think so many of the track chant is
trying to troll us okay great I think so
I'm not sure that's perfect I love it
what time did the back to the Packers
play I mean the joke is that they're
trying to rub it in her face
that the Packers aren't in the Super
Bowl when I don't think you give a shit
and I actively hate the Green Bay
Packers right you're not from yeah yeah
and I could care less about any
organized sport let alone okay yeah okay
I think you're right that was like a ha
ha your Packers aren't in it but we
don't yeah by the way like it is it's a
relief to me as soon as the Packers are
out of the playoff you don't have to
deal with you know like I'm the kind of
person I like watching the nightly news
like oh you know I want to know I want
to know what the weather's gonna be like
tomorrow I want to know if anything
interesting is happening around town but
when the Packers are in the playoff 20
minutes out of the 22 minute news is
Packer coverage yeah it is infuriating
it is it is exhausting so I love it as
soon as they're out of the playoffs if
they even make it to the playoffs it's
it's a relief to me yeah all right all
right all right all right all right all
right all right all right up fuck your
player do you make you make a lot of
extra money for going to the playoffs
I believe that well not only do you make
extra money but if if you are a free
agent or if you know it raises your
value as a player okay if you if you
have a Super Bowl ring absolutely and I
assume the more games you play the more
money you make alright I'm just just I
don't I'm curious I don't know if I were
a player I might root to miss the
playoffs get an extra fuck a month off
heal from all of my fucking protests
football injuries you know you spend an
entire month with your head on ice you
deal with your multiple concussions yeah
right spend some time with your family
before you become a vegetable yeah yeah
that could be nice
no I you know I it's a yeah I think
going to the Superbowl is a young man's
game like if you're fresh in the league
mm-hmm you go to the Superbowl you make
a big play that could mean some more
endorsement deals and big money there
that could mean your your value as a
player goes up well if you're a fair
old-timer you too if you haven't gone I
suppose that was that was the Walter
Payton story okay yeah I don't know you
probably know nothing about this I know
any 85 Bears went to the Super Bowl
right okay um the Super Bowl shuffle
Walter Payton was their star running
super ball shop he was their star
running back only he was he was long in
the tooth of that point he'd been he'd
been on the team for quite some time
okay and this this is his chance to go
to the fucking Super Bowl right and
there was there was one play in the 85
Super Bowl where the Bears were they had
like they were like right on the goal
line
okay and instead of giving the ball to
Walter Payton so he could score a
touchdown in the Super Bowl as a joke as
a fucking joke they gave the ball to the
refrigerator William Perry to have the
big fat guy score the touchdown as a
joke yeah Walter Payton I heard was like
hurt horribly that he never got us he
never got his touchdown and the Super
Bowl and that be the situation where
you'd give it to the running back
because yeah if you're on the line it's
basically just we all smash into each
other and we're gonna make it yeah yeah
yeah yeah that was it was basically Mike
Ditka giving the finger to someone in
Vegas because they had like odds on
Peyton scoring a touchdown yeah nothing
let's fuck with them you know I kind of
like that I no offense to Walter Walter
Walter Walter Perry well what happens to
wait wait wait wait William the
refrigerator Perry and Walter Payton was
running back okay but the fat guy was
the fridge but it's like if I was my
fisca I might make that same call to
fuck with all the kids you know
I actually I probably give it to Walter
just because like you know you've been
working with this man for how long kids
motherfucker a touch yeah
why Ditka said he regretted it after the
fact is he didn't know how much it meant
oh sure sure to Walter Payton yeah sorry
sorry fridge was very popular that's
true
oh sure he was he was the star of the
Super Bowl shuffle that's what I know
about the refrigerator gosh dang it yes
yes refrigerator he did get a GI Joe
named after him oh yeah yeah Walter
Payton did not get a chance you named
after me how embarrassing I I do suppose
they're like that the the moral of the
story here is if there is something
that's very important to you make sure
the people around you know what that is
you know like we want we all want to be
modest we none of us like asking for
things but if it's something that's very
important you put might you take Mike
discus I think if we get into this
situation I would sure like to score a
touchdown yeah and then yeah then he
would have that innocent
madam says hey rich and Jack nice I'm
family friends with the elephant trainer
/ actor who played one of the sand
people from a new home
do you guys have any questions for him I
can report back next stream no no I
can't even verify them this is accurate
but thanks yeah I'm good
so the decision-making there I was
taking my time yeah these these are
thieves mother
these are muggers and he's about to hit
me for sixteen damage and so I had to
choose whether I was going to attack him
or raise up my shields yeah they have a
tendency to run away and if they run
away like every time they attack you
they take a little bit of your money and
if they run away obviously they take all
your money with them
and so I've decided to take a bit more
of a hit to make sure I get some more
damage on them because I don't want this
guy to run away okay just in case
someone is yelling at me for my for my
lack of strategy your strats yeah but
it's okay he's gonna die for sure now
he's got another he's got nothing yep
he's dead great I probably even could
have done you know erred on the side of
shielding but I wanted to make sure I
got all my money's back are you worried
about them judging your performance in
this game well you know how the chat is
no matter what move I make they're gonna
say eight moves ago you made the wrong
move and that's what led to your
destruction you're damned if you do
damned if you don't
of course correct but also I just saw I
just want to explain myself anonymous
says hey guys I'm really close my really
close friend was one of Jesus's apostles
have any questions you want me to ask
him I don't mind at all okay so I do
have a question for Jesus when you are
putting together a bench just as a
possible oh she's one of his impossible
stack I thought he could ask a question
to Jesus well you know you think the
impossible gonna ask Jesus I guess that
could work well cuz I have a question
about a bench I'm trying to make a bench
and I want to make it sturdy enough yeah
and so like the question is how how much
do I have to worry about cross bracing
the legs with the but I think Jesus is
gonna say that the cross is very
important
that's great
that's great you took my carpentry joke
you added another level to it and it was
great that was great teamwork there
that took way too much health I like
that one
like that one we're gonna take that one
we're gonna get rid of I don't have any
curses we're gonna get rid of one of our
weaker cards
this could be a good one to get to I
could help that could help kind of
fucked I lost a lot in that battle I
lost a lot of help from that battle area
but it's very sorry
it's all
oh really
scaling the city you notice a wall
covered in the writing of ancients as
you try to wrap your head around the
puzzling symbols and glyphs or around
what the puzzling symbols and glyphs
could mean the writing begins to glow
suddenly the message becomes clear so I
can either remove a card from my deck
or take all of my weak cards and upgrade
them all one card verses a whole bunch
well but removing a weak card from my
deck so I am more likely to get my
strong card sure or take all my weak
cards and make them slightly more strong
that's private I would go with that
that's probably smart choice yeah yeah
so now all all of my defends are eight
blocks and all my attacks are nine
damage so that's pretty nice yeah that's
pretty nice I'll take them
the latter makes more statistical sense
I'm inclined to agree
asked Jesus as Jesus Jesus wasn't really
great with strategy
wasn't he we're strategy mm-hmm uh you
know I guess he knew that he knew the
long game but that wasn't him making the
plans
well isn't that a really old debate
whether or not Jesus and God are the
same and you get ready you know that's
the Trinity man they're the same but
different that's a big talking point
this is the same but different and the
Holy Spirit's there too he doesn't get
to love
so down Rome yeah in the long run yeah
who's the long game a lot of people have
died over this ridiculous question
why does the New Testament getting a
soft reboot not too long ago they called
it Mormonism I got the same back story
but they added a whole bunch of new
characters Joseph Smith guy whatever
what a very soon very soon we can do
today everyone thanks for the stream
just fantastic he probably did Mary Sue
yes and Jane and Beth and Margaret and
and her and her sister Deborah and her
sister I think her name was Debra yeah
yeah yep yeah yeah all right great this
that my character is especially suited
to defeat this movie this guy right here
I'm just going to kind of defend up add
some more poison and we are good to go
boom I've defeated him already he's not
gonna do shit to me I can just add my
turn and win so I think I'm gonna do
that
ie a BEC joke that's true
I think you know you can look at Beck's
two albums after odelay and I don't
think they get the the praise you know
obviously coming off of Oda lake mm-hmm
right after odelay he made like just a
straight-up slow folk album yeah and you
know delay was this crazy alternative
hip hop slacker yeah Rock thing and then
like he goes makes just a low-key folk
out and feel like what the fuck and then
he comes back with midnight vultures
which is the is apotheosis the peak yeah
it's it's late now the epitome it's the
epitome of white boy soul it's just it's
a it's a straight-up funk album about
about like you know sex and love and
crazy stuff all through Beck's eyes and
he's possibly the whitest person ever to
live you know born and raised in
California with actor parents yeah and I
just don't think midnight vultures gets
the love it deserves okay I've kind of
read listen to that he has a song called
Deborah and it's all about seducing
seducing a girl who works at the
JCPenney in order to have a three-way
with her and her sister I think her name
is Deborah okay it's a great song
apophysis is the high point okay
I thought it was the epitome I think
there may be a slowly boat they don't
know both the high point okay epitome
apotheosis Beck is a hack you are wrong
Beck he's not a hack just for loser
alone right just for that one song he's
not a hack
Oh like mellow gold is a great album to
like it Beck just tells it how it is
yeah he is not made well he now he's
made a bad album he said he's made a
couple bad songs but he is amazing I
think you're a crazy person
Beck is amazing none of us is rich
please play shadow of Rome on the stream
I'm an ancient history teacher and would
love to giggle at all the terrible
historical inaccuracies of that August
Ian's propaganda I have played that on
stream it was a while ago now have you
know yeah and I don't care if it's an
Agora it's a fun game it's a fun game no
they get rid of any inaccuracy problems
if they just made it like space
gladiators oh space Rome yeah yeah it's
it's Rome but on the planet Zboard right
right yeah Beck is occultist I know
that's the only downside to Beck he's a
Scientologist but he seems cool about it
just seems like a nice dude
none of us says hey rich and Jack I I'm
a family friend of myself oh great the
twitch watcher slash friend of the Star
Wars elephant trainer do you have any
questions about asking stupid questions
on the Internet
that guy gets it
Shadow Realm I would love more shadow
Rome okay but no in hindsight as much as
I love Dead Rising I think I got the
better end of that deal okay we shadow
Rome yeah
or wait we're with Dead Rising what Dead
Rising you would rather have dead right
rather have dead rising than shadow of
Rome - I'll get you all set dungeon but
I love me some shadow of Rome
if I asked nicely will they answer
anyway ah good upon how well either how
dumb I think your question is or if I
have any interesting response to it
hmm like I see a lot of have you played
X have you seen X and I haven't and I
could answer the question and just say
no I haven't played X and that's that's
very boring for everybody mm-hmm
a lot of times I deliberately skip
questions that I see even if I see that
question 30 times right and it's it's
sometimes we do we skip because it's
boring right what's your favorite
high-top shoes what yeah yeah what
what's your favorite what's your
favorite Nirvana album unplugged
maybe not the answer you want but it's
my favorite
yes
Thanks
great
great it's an interesting answer do you
prefer music that's less produced and
more Rod generally no generally I prefer
music that's really produced
I think unplugged is just an exception
to that role usually that usually I
think live performances are just blah
usually usually usually they're just
like less optimal than me all right
right like the album version they've
taken time they've crafted right right
but unplug it sounds different than
because it's cuz it's unplugged
right and that that makes it interesting
yeah I'm with you yeah with you
unplugged cat like it's I think it's
really hard to capture the energy of a
live performance I love going to shows I
love seeing live shows but it's hard to
capture that feeling and I'll go ahead
and agree that unplugged does that even
though I'm not a huge Nirvana fan
unplug sounds different well it's it's
not electric its acoustic yeah they know
what they're doing I think if they also
had just had really good mixers and
producers for unplugged that was a whole
that was a whole special thing
not produced doesn't mean unplugged what
the fuck are you talking about
well unplugged was kind of both it was a
live performance I wasn't really they
they painstakingly took sections here
and there and piece something together
in a in a soundproof room where they get
the perfect audio Bush right
I do think though there is a level of
production to the unplugged session you
know like they they spent time and just
worked on these sure the acoustics and
the performance of those songs Nirvana
you know nailed it and on that but you
know like if you're talking about like
you know a like a band like a band like
modest mouse
I think weighs like a fair example if
you listen to their earlier albums and
their later albums their earlier albums
they didn't have necessarily the money
to produce the songs like like hey these
are ideas we got to get them out fast
because we only have so much time in the
studio so it's less produced and their
later albums are more producing a lot of
fans of modest mouse or bands like that
say that the songs suffer because of
more production like I can't even
imagine listening to like a live
performance of Bohemian Rhapsody I can't
even I don't even want pictures no no
that's the definition of produced like
if you went to the show it would be
great but yeah you don't want to listen
to them I'm with you
which do you like green day yeah I like
green day
I generally can stand the live versions
of songs absolutely actually that was
one of the reasons that I stopped
listening to Pandora you ever listen to
Pinto let me find it we find that whole
gamut you stop scrolling I gotta find
that comment I keep going keep going oh
well here is the ghost of Nexus which is
a pretty smart guy he's got more brains
than sealing in Kurt's
garage that's that's my kind of humor
well what do ya'll scuba-dive I wanna
see rich in a wet suit so this is the
kind of thing I just ignored right well
I guess I wanted to point it out to
people who might not understand the kind
of things we do ignore you see do you
see why we ignore it no you dig
how you doing jack is this gonna be the
run I'm feeling pretty confident this
guy's about to fuck my day not too hard
but he's this is uh this is the book of
stabbing as you see it's a ghost hand
with the big knife that comes out of the
book which is adorable so he's about to
hit me four four four damage three times
so and I only have a four shield and I
have a pretty good poison on him
you basically just gonna he's gonna fuck
my day but not terrible I'm not terribly
fucked so Chad if I don't read a tip I
probably have a reason for not reading
that tip mm-hmm so for that reason there
would not be a transcript that I would
release of the unread tips do you
understand how that works and I think
I've read everything today so come on
get it to get it storm Templar says Jack
I'm Jack how much do I have to tip for
you to try out my favorite band poets of
the fall they are a rock group from
Finland and one of the best songs is war
slurp my chirp
I mean if you want me to if you want
like guarantee I will listen to it did
he tip that yeah how step o2a1 huh - a1
- what was it called favorite band poets
of the fall it's called war yeah I'm
gonna go away from the microphone so I
don't get copyright strike listen to it
no copyright here I'll just turn this
away that away now you hear me twice
don't like it I already did
do I sound normal or is there like a
weird it's probably not a weird echo
weird double I'm just twice as loud is
that how that works I don't think that
would be how that works I'm in stereo
finished Nickelback its it seems to be
growing on him but isn't like you know
with guitars fickle backer finn'll back
yeah yeah might as well be saying
yeah that's kind of lame not my thing
God poets of the fall I was listening to
that oh sorry
the that was poets of the fall and I was
listening to the song war not
necessarily my jam that was very it was
what I what I would refer to as schlock
rock okay
I have also one which is great I got I
got I have some really good poison cards
and so like if you see down here all of
his health bar is filled with poison cuz
it's green and so as soon as my turn is
done he's gonna take that much in poison
damage like I could you know I'll just
kill him with my swords even though he's
poison just to fuck him just to say fuck
yeah but then he's still attacking you
while he's dying of the poison though no
no cuz poison damage gets taken first
and then he attacks I would have one
snake Oh skull whenever you apply poison
apply an additional poison and I have
amazing poison cards that just super
helped me that just super helped me so
what you're saying is you're killing it
what does the XP is it random X is how
many energies you have left so if I
played this first it would everyone
would lose three strengths and apply
three weak okay or if I lose it when I
just had one point left you know yeah
this could be very powerful and when if
you upgrade this card it does it then it
does X plus one which is even better but
that my hand is so rocking right now I I
don't want to add anything unless I'm
really gonna add something amazing like
this is an upgraded version of a card I
already have adding six block and
another six block next turn which could
be helpful but I already have the
the other version of that yeah and I
don't know what I'm gonna get to a fire
or a shop next to remove anything so I'm
just gonna skip it I I'm pretty happy Oh
fires next knit that would have been
worth taking or see look so it's fire
boss thing fire so if I wanted to gamble
at this fire I could upgrade that one
card I have to the good version okay see
if I can make it through the boss battle
and then rest and you know gain health
of this fire yeah
or I could do the apps of rest and gain
health here do the boss battle okay okay
there so I actually I think I'm gonna do
that I'm gonna play it smart play it a
little cautiously we're gonna rest here
so now I'm at sixty four out of 70
health which is you know it's probably
the smart move yeah take on the elite
here then get a treasure then upgrade
cards can you upgrade your energy can it
ever be more than three of three there
there are certain relics these things up
here that give you more energy they
usually come at some sort of balancing
cost though okay so like there's one
that actually lets you have four energy
that you spend but you no longer gain
gold yeah so then you just you know
can't you shops which you know not
necessarily the worst thing but yeah
there are ways to Vox do-rag this is
rich what are your favorite flavors of
Jones Soto remember that episode of
Voyager when they went back it's a earth
and met Sarah Silverman and Tuvok Ed's
aware a do-rag
to cover up his Vulcan here yeah
it's fine it's fine
Vox drag you crazy kids well the only
time I've had Joan Soto's and somebody
sent to someone's birthday cake and
mango I think was it mango whatever the
other one was I didn't care for her much
but the birthday cake was surprisingly
good for a birthday cake flavored
something sure Jack do you and the rest
of the guys like hard cider I'm
definitely not planning on sending you
some the answer
no I I've never once witnessed Mike or
Jay drinking a hard cider cup and myself
like my brother really likes him
and so every once in a while if I'm
hanging out at his house like I'll have
one and you like you know you have one
and it's just so sweet oh no it's not I
mean it's alcoholic I presume the
carbonated juice and it's just so sweet
that if you have more than one you get
you get a bellyache
so mmm for anyone who hasn't watched two
Star Trek Voyager what Jax is describing
actually happened yes Voyager went back
in time to the 90s to earth yeah met
Sarah Silverman and in order to blend in
Tuvok had to wear a do-rag it was great
it was fucking great
what would you recommend watching first
to someone who wants to get into Star
Trek TNG season 3 was my go-to and I
mean I've talked about this before
generally I I like starting at the
beginning but I I can see you're arguing
that once he hits season 3 of the next
generation it gets significantly better
C T and G is very episodic you don't
have to worry about missing out on some
kind of story art what's wrong story arc
from seasons due to carryover don't
worry there's nothing like that yeah
so my suggestion is usually start with
season three and then if you're liking
season three then you can go back and
check out some of the earlier seasons I
think well there's someone in the chat
is going to violently disagree with me I
think season ones kind of generally
awful good one season two has either
really bad episodes of really good
episode season two's sure yeah I
understand you're arguing and I can
agree within a certain point where
season 3 is universally good yes then
you can go back to 1 & 2 and you you'll
already have a fuzzy feeling about your
you're playing the safe bet I get that
you might have a little bit of whiplash
because I think actually season 1 season
2 and season 3 don't they have a
different uniform every season mile when
is the big uniform change season 1 the
two I think is that it I think when when
when Captain Picard has to then adjust
his jacket every time he stands up oh
yeah but there's there's like skin-tight
in season 1 it looks so bad it's really
weird I get it I get it I get it
dr. Crusher's replacement was dr.
Pulaski and she was a better character
than dr. crusher yes boring
I'm not I'm not a doctor crusher hater
like riches but hey I'm a hater but
polite or I can say Pulaski was an
infinitely better character okay
absolutely
Pulaski had a thing she had a stick
who's hot I don't I'm mad I'm joking
right now I'm not saying that's the
argument against Pulaski in favor of
crusher that's my joke argument you
think that that's someone else's
argument sure but she didn't like data I
know it was a character thing that they
could do episodes about her getting
along with data and learning things
about each other yeah I know that was
her thing she she liked data and she
also didn't like teleporters right yeah
yeah she had a thing Pulaski is just a
female clone of McCoy and Riker is just
a clone of Kirk the name is switch the
genders Riker Riker was the backup
captain if if if this funky old man
balding diplomat doesn't work out no
we've we've got a Kirk in our back
pocket we can promote after Picard is
killed off yeah yeah Picard was the
safety I mean I'm a Riker was the safety
yeah yeah Oh agreed yeah especially that
that first season Riker is fucking all
the aliens he like he's more Kirk than
than uh what's his no he's more Curtain
chris pine than chris pine absolutely
he's crazy season one he's great
Rikard defeated the park he's not a
terrible character I'm just saying I
think he was there as a backup in case
card didn't work out as a character they
had they had the safe captain that was
like the captain you knew before to go
to know I think that's absolutely true
that's absolutely true and that's that's
not saying William Riker was a bad
character it's not the same thing
don't remember Kirk sitting like he'd
never seen it sure before when there's a
story behind that didn't didn't uh
Jonathan Frakes have like a bad back
and that's why he's sat weird well I
know he got into the chair weird
remember like I think he did that
because it was some kind of issue with
his back I think they didn't made a
medical issue really and that was just
the way he said to compensate for it
yeah does that happen throughout the
series yeah it's just a season one thing
we really think it's throughout the
series he kind of like he kind of like
kicks over the chair to sit on it he's
standing behind the chair yeah and he
sits down by lifting up his leg over the
back of the chair or the high part of
the chair right and that's how he sits
down and then sits on it
I wonder if that was a back thing or if
that was just a bad costume thing that
he turned into a character thing well I
presume if he tries to sit normally just
goes that's my presumption and that
would have been yeah to edit out of
every single scene when he sat the
rhykker maneuver absolutely right your
maneuver man
and for some reason you haven't noticed
that go back and look at how Ryker sits
down every fuckin time it's great
no oh they have a compilation videos you
just look up the Ryker maneuver on
YouTube and you'll see the compilation
videos it's great
it's fucking great man
I was five seasons into TNG and didn't
notice until someone pointed it out to
me but oh so that's by the way Jonathan
Frakes we can all you know make fun of
his directing ability that is fine but
like I think he he pulled it off like as
an actor is what I'm gonna say yeah as
an actor he made it work he made it seem
so natural it felt like something Riker
wouldn't it's like oh this a weird thing
Riker does and it just didn't even
register to so many people because of
Frank's good old flakes
felt like some weird macho bullshit
thing that's probably how he sold it but
that was Rikers
like right even in the even in the like
hyper liberal diplomatic world of TNG
like Riker was the masculine version of
of hyper liberal diplomatic Riker
respected everyone respected the fuck
out of him if you know what I'm saying
he got around
pretty sure Frakes directed the episode
The Offspring which is one of my
favorite TNG episodes Jonathan Frakes
directs a ton of things
oh my question my questioning his
directorial talent was when someone
suggested that he directs was it what
was he like people were started trying
to get an online petition for him to
direct like a major motion picture like
a big one and I forget what it was
probably one of the star tracks could be
a Star Trek or Star Wars first contact
and insurrection right did he direct
those yes I know for sure he did
insurrection I'm pretty sure he did
first contact well then there you go
yeah
I don't think he can handle the movies I
think he does a lot of TV directing well
you say that but first contact is one of
the most popular Star Trek movies I
don't get it
but yeah so there you go there you go
well I hope you know what I've always
wondered what have you always been asked
Jonathan Frakes anything I'd ask this
stupid question okay it's a stupid
question though do you remember the end
of Star Trek insurrection when they're
fighting on the ship that collectorship
yeah suck up the the youth that Mysteria
remember what the interior looked like
it was like scaffolding right because I
remember them the walls writing
specifically were those glowing blue
walls I have always wondered okay if
that wasn't a Blake that was originally
supposed to be a blue screen it was
gonna be windows out into space but it
didn't work because how much fucking fog
they had in the room I always wondered
it that was a failed blue screen effect
and if I can ask Jonathan Frank one
stupid question that was being was that
was that originally meant to be a blue
screen effect and it just didn't work so
it's I got space it's a globe blew in
from below by the way it's a panel
that's a really great question yeah
so someone clipped that question tweet
it to Frakes put us in the ATS and we'll
see if we can get this edge Jonathan mr.
Frakes Jon do you prefer John to
Jonathan we have a question about
the blue-screen of Star Trek
insurrection anybody maybe blue screen
any questions about purple space
bazookas no clip it tweet it go
just watch the Riker compilations he has
great posture because he had a bad back
oh you learn real good posture if your
back hurts all the time man you take
care of that shit I'm pretty sure that
was mentioned in the blanket review no
that was probably my question when I was
review it's probably from me sure yeah
and you know like I've seen him I don't
you guys remember the shit that we make
way better than we do I'm sure I was
watching that with Mike before he made
the instruction review and I probably
pointed that out by the way that's a
fair question with modern blue and
green-screen technology if any if any
time you see a flat blue thing or a flat
green thing you just wonder it was some
supposed to go there
nice people are mentioning the
commentary track for insurrection does
he does he mention something about this
or is your point that they don't mention
anything about it because I can see if
it was a blue screen effect that film
you might be reluctant to say yeah this
is a big mistake in the movie because
you're these are these are failed blue
screen panels you might you might be
reluctant to say that so unless he said
that's definitely what it was it's not
conclusive right right right
people always bitch about Wesley but I
never hear a peep about Alexander he is
so terrible I never ever rewatch any
episode where he's in it even briefly
thoughts for those who don't know yeah
obviously I I could only assume the
majority people here are star trekkers
Alexander is wharfs son he's in like
four episodes of Tianjin right he
doesn't show up off on an offer to get
your panties in a bunch and he's nowhere
near as obnoxious as Wesley was cuz
Wesley was a fucking know-it-all mm-hmm
Alexander was just an annoying kid but
he wasn't a fucking know-it-all annoying
kid right yeah I can Alex Alexander to
me what he was annoying but I think his
intention of trying to you know cuz like
that was wharfs whole thing is like a
Klingon in the human world you know oh
how will I deal with this and then you
know adding a son into that mix and very
much not Klingon well that's the thing
like I liked the messaging of like
integrating into a society while keeping
my own culture intact yeah that was good
messaging even though yes all little
kids are annoying Alexander is no
exception to that
wil Wheaton's feelings will be hurt
looking at nothing against Wil Wheaton
but Wesley was annoying and that it's
not necessarily Wil Wheaton's fault
right
he didn't say write me like a
know-it-all prick what if he did why we
came in to set like you know he's at the
table reading he's like you know what my
character not a big enough dickhead I
really think I should be a raging
asshole and I said okay well you're the
actor won't trust you is a know-it-all
prick I don't know enough about Wil
Wheaton to make that determination I
haven't followed his career after the
fact I'm just saying it's not
necessarily a correlation I also I know
he does a board game show the dude has
dedicated his life to like showing off
board games so I can't fault him I know
nothing about what he does now except
for does he has a book is it like a he
livestreams board games I think so oh
I'm good for him
mama says it's funny that you would
mention Jonathan Frakes Frank's my old
war buddy from the wars is actually
really close with his agent what was the
question you wanted to pass along this
have no idea how much I love running
gasps I love them and I the this is the
the I know this person let me pass along
a question is my favorite running gag of
today thank you so thank you all
update I can't find my insurrection DVD
so D was going to check the commentary
track that's very I'm sorry it's that
I'm very sorry
oh shit
Sene use green screen outside those
walls which were living away
inconsistent with a green screen said
they were just shitty design at least
part of that said ISM at green screen
and where the wall the walls were green
or blue walls were blue
that doesn't necessarily why would you
use two different colors if you're
worried about bleed yeah which is like
you know when you're lighting something
for a green or a blue screen if your
actor is too close to that color they
get you know a green light spill all
over the for anybody who's confused
Tiberius Kirk posted an image of that
set I'm talking about with the blue
walls right and there's a green area
like near the floor like that looks like
it's clearly went to be a green screen
sure it's said like that that's like
showing a fire or something below him so
the other reason why you would use one
green and one blue screen is if you're
worried about any sort of like tracking
data okay so maybe you want to
differentiate the green from the blue
because they're two different things so
you want to key them differently okay
okay it's showing us that there is a
green screen it doesn't help the
argument that they live ran out of
budget okay but it doesn't necessarily
squash well I'm not necessarily saying
budget I remember that scene had on like
tubes and and smoke billowing out of the
- yeah and I know that would probably
make it harder to blue screen something
absolutely yeah
so that's what I'm saying is it doesn't
squash the argument but it doesn't help
it either okay
we're kind of we're kind of in the same
boat
Jack the practical walls aren't lit like
a chroma key ok characters are not close
to the walls the walls are backlit also
they didn't run out of budget they spent
around 10 million in post-production
fixes and that's fair like I don't I
honestly don't remember the scene I'm
just I'm just speculating on
post-production whatnots and whosits
meyer agree there has nothing to do with
the budget I'm just I remember that
scene was just filled with fog sure so
you just think that they got into
post-production and said it's going to
be nearly impossible with all the fog
which yes yeah I mean though a good post
a good post-production place will have
the tools to deal with that yeah it
would take a lot of time and got and
budget okay I still think it's a fair
question was the decision made fuck it
it looks like a space thing at some
point was it supposed to be chroma and
they said fuck it
they shot lots of green screen with that
fog though okay all right
no-no-no
the real van sense the real via I read
once that freak sat down like that as a
joke prayer to protest how small the
chairs on set were and when no one
noticed he just kept doing it I love it
I've heard he had back problems Sean
says will Wheaton and his wife show up
on the yearly Jo Co cruise which is a
Jonathan Coulton
nerdy board game cruise and they are
both super nice in public no okay okay
FAC is your deck getting too big for
another cup oh yeah III don't know
anything about Wil Wheaton so the reason
why I didn't choose another card is
because I'm really liking my deck right
now it works very well together and I
want to make sure that I get good hands
and so the more cards you add even
though they're good cards it means that
you're possibly not going to get the
combination you want the combination I'm
looking for specifically is this
nightmare card which adds a three copies
of one other card in my hand to my next
hand I want that with something like
this one which deals damage and applies
weak to people or with my Shiv card or
with this so I you don't want your deck
to get too cumbersome you're
strategizing I'm strategizing you you
only get you know X amount of cards in
your hand at a time and you want to make
sure that those hands are not only good
cards but they synergize well with each
other and so the more cards you add the
less opportunities for synergy kinetic
erection the chat says a lean decks a
lean deck is sometimes the best read
absolutely absolutely
like and you know the cards here this
one like you know this is one I have
already which is just five damage plus
three poison damage
this one could be good which is next
turn I get more moves that that's
tempting I really want that one because
I often find myself running out of
points this one applies three poison and
three weeks why poison an enemy and to
make that enemy weaker to me and I have
a pretty good poison synergy going but I
just don't need any of them this would
be this is the only one I'd be thinking
about for one energy cost the next turn
I get two extra energies so instead of
spending three I get to spend five
ultimately it's only one extra right
exactly it's not that I don't think it's
that good
hey it could it could be like if that
next turn I get five cards you know that
perfectly line up but the odds are not
with me so that's that's why I'm
choosing not to to do that I'm gonna
play it a little safe here I'm gonna go
the question mark see if I can get any
loot okay true blue review says hey guys
I know a guy that lives in Milwaukee and
he says he's friends with the guys from
red letter media anything you would want
him to ask them I think I think we have
officially run it into the ground
so like I've now mentioned that this is
a running gag I know you have you've
encouraged it now but that was also the
signal that it was it could kind of peak
but now the problem is you know any good
running gag will have its peaks and
valleys and so we're in a valley now
that one brought to the valley a couple
more in the valley it could come back
again but sorry targeted strikes
targeted strikes alright in an abandoned
temple you find a giant book open
riddled with cryptic writing as you try
to interpret the elaborate script it
begins to shift and morph into writing
you are familiar with let's read it
odd the book seems to be about an
ancient named Nia
this piques your interest but you have a
general feeling of malaise ok lose one
HP the ancient of resurrection Miao was
exiled to the bottom of the spire Oh
meow that was meow like a cat yeah yeah
you feel compelled to read more but your
body begins to ache oh shit I don't like
this seeking vengeance now blesses
outsiders using them for his own
purposes you are now starting to feel
very weak and tired fuck those
resurrected by me I'll remember only
fragments of their past selves cursed to
fight for eternity as you near the final
page old wounds begin to open so I can
obtain the book and lose ten or just
lose three I kind of got to go for at
this point upon finishing the time he
decides to take it with you proof in
hand you'll retain your memories what
does it do at the end of each turn you
can choose one of three random cards to
shuffle into your draw pile that could
be good got 26 health and a fires right
there everything's terrible
that's stupid camp goddamnit meow
meow we're fuckin smell state thanks my
name is Tate dammit dammit dammit dammit
dammit we're kind of fucked these guys I
think these guys raised power every
single it's fine it's gonna be fine it's
gonna be fine
damnit what happened I don't I don't I I
only have I can only gain five block oh
I can play week - okay well we can make
it we can make it we can make it you can
make it you go check you go we can make
it
okay now they're only gonna hit me for
six funny thing is in the background
that sounds an awful lot like a plane
crashing it's of highly appropriate so
now they're gonna hit me for 11 still
not great oh if I can kill this guy
which I can't by the way it'll be better
no I can't kill him so nine fourteen
plus three poisoned he already had some
poison no no I can come close
what's the weekend huh well what's the
weekend what do you mean the one in the
middle the caltrops what does that do so
he was gonna attack me for six but now
he's only gonna exactly first oh you
used it i used it already so what I owe
this one is whenever someone attacks me
we deal 5 damage but I also take the
damage yeah but that actually I think I
want to do that
I think I want to do that way I want to
know what just happened
oh alright alright
like I'm gonna survive this which is
nice it's fine it's fine I'm not gonna
die this time
I might survive this battle but now like
every turn they get stronger so now each
of them is plus three so now they each
are attacking me four more fuck fuck
fuck you you take your time you you make
this work I'm gonna make it work so I
can kill this guy rich what makes Wesley
I know it all alright
nobody likes kids who are written as
being smarter than all of the a date
surrounding that that that almost never
works
razorblade had since rich whenever you
laugh at Jack's misfortune in stream it
lights my life my world and gives me the
will to live for at least 14 more days
you got about a good two months out of
the stream we're doing better I have I
have a thing here whenever I whenever an
enemy dies transfer any poison it has to
a random enemy which we already done and
I have another thing which is whenever
an enemy dies gain one point and draw a
card so this this is turning out alright
this turn out alright we I think I'm
gonna be able to do something
might be able to turn this around
nine plus five is 40 okay all right all
right they're not gonna hit me this time
yeah I'm gonna defend what's a deadly
poison all right all right
oh I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make it
yeah yeah I'm gonna do it this is the
advantages of having a lean hand I know
that my odds of having a lean deck right
my odds of having a good hand are nice
and high all right they're gonna hit me
for nine so that's 18 and get nine block
I don't want to attack them I need I
need shields at the moment but I also
like you know it's bounce cuz like the
the longer the game goes the more
powerful they get every turn they're
gonna get a little stronger oh I know I
know it's maddening it's me I already
have shit like so people hate him
because he's smart yes that's exactly
why everyone hates Wesley Crusher yes
didn't we talk about this last dream
which is the the the per the person in
your life who goes well actually there's
a difference between being smart and
being a dickhead well actually
nice okay I got it defend we've got
another defendant coming up we're gonna
make it we're gonna make it raise you
you need to kill one of them yes and I
don't know if I can kill one of them but
now I can come close at least some
triple and enemies poison yep and this
guy's pretty deep
oh he's dead that guy's dead yes and now
we can attack this guy and have enough
defense to deal with anything oh yeah
we're fine
go we're golden we're golden Ponyboy
dead and this guy's dead next turn he
won't be able to hit me perfect that's
perfect this is perfect everything's
perfect boom boom one hit point left
he's dead you know let's just let's hit
him with with our weakest attack just to
say fuck you there we go Oh see now this
is a nice guy this isn't easy you know
like just just for shields zero points
yeah you know the problem with this is
this is if thinking of a lean deck this
means that having this card Mahan gives
me four free block points let's look at
the dagger spray though for damage to
all enemies twice that's nice damage
it's a lot of damage
let's deal I guess one enemy then it's
not so exactly you know all of these
could be nice but you know all of them
mean that you're not gonna get that
synergy combo in your hand all right all
right even this one even that's what I'm
wearing now I'm gonna tell you what to
do but I have I'm choosing that one
because I have enough cards that are
like draw more cards okay so that could
just be a nice bonus all right we have
to make it through one more battle
before we can rest
great and almost looks fairly nasty it
doesn't look great yeah it's not great
it's not great novices rich if you
considered playing the original Deus Ex
or System Shock 2 both of them are
absolute fantastic games with relatively
solid stories from video games also
refit Enterprise versus enterprise-d
just just as far as how it looks a refit
Enterprise is the most beautiful ship
and all of science fiction love the
refit Enterprise but a damn long time
since I've played the original Deus Ex
and I haven't I never really started the
System Shock 2 honestly that one went
under my radar when I came out was one
of the ones that's right some day and I
never I never actually did never get
around to so
sure
13 I'm gonna take me for 13 are ya
what are you gonna do this enemy intends
to inflict a powerful negative effect on
me if I were if I were going to own a
model of any any ship yeah
any ship at all it would be the refit
enterprise and where would we see the
reap what's that you know like obviously
original enterprises the series was
refit part of the movies the motion
picture the motion picture motion
picture star trek - Wrath of Khan okay
then a then it got blowed up and three
and then they had the enterprise a which
is basically basically the same ship
okay
mr. glitch says I loves me and the refit
enterprise I remember being deeply
disappointed in the enterprise DS look
it's so damn ugly when I first saw it I
didn't like the look of the enterprise-d
the next-gen enterprise it grew on me
over time yeah but it is not my favorite
ship in the franchise I think that's
fair
yes yes what is what is the ugliest ship
to have the enterprise name it kind of
has to be the NX right which one's the
NX enterprise from enterprise enterprise
absolutely I was I was going to say
Scott Bakula yeah so what yeah you know
absolute apps of fucking Lee if it
weren't for that ship I would be giving
it to the enterprise-e which I can't
stand which ones that that's the one
from the the later next-gen movies it's
got that over the saucer that goes out
straight I hate the way it looks okay
I'm just gonna have to believe it looks
like a stretched-out Voyager okay that's
fair that's fair
the enterprise Enterprise J is the worst
I have no idea what the J is from hey
the sovereign class is great no I mean
that's your opinion I can't refute your
opinion but my opinion is that it looks
like ass
I made it I won the not a clean win the
enterprise B and that was the excelsior
class and I looked like the Excelsior
not a bad design see from that one
episode of of next-gen actually really
like to see it's like a it's like a
hybrid between the refit enterprise and
the enterprise-d okay and it was in one
episode like one episode yeah it was in
one of the best episodes drawn a blank
in the name though where there was an
alternate timeline in tashi are still
alive and everyone was at war with the
Klingons because the enterprise-c got
shot back in time and it didn't do the
thing that it ends up doing war sure
sure
yesterday's enterprise Thank You Chad
yesterday's enterprise a far better
send-off for Tasha Yar then the sludge
monster episode was poor sludge monster
I'm fairly hurting going into the boss
battle here I only have 34 health
and this this ever I'm gonna die just
everyone just know I'm gonna die this is
not gonna end well
that
alright gotta get him poison fast and a
lot
this is the boss with the boss of the
game not of the game of this level this
is I'm only I'm only in world to of of
300 I'll and I'm probably gonna die here
I'll see you guys I think the stream is
about over anyway perfect it's perfect
I'm so boned
yet but I need to use it soon what is
going on okay okay so this boss he has
minions and you know they obviously do
damage and he can summon more of them
and all that fun stuff he's about to hit
me for fourteen he's gonna hit me for
seven two times I have him a little bit
poisoned
so he's poisoned he at three right now
and I have this which triples an enemy's
poison which I can only use this card
once per battle obviously I don't want
to use it yet I want to wait to build up
his poison a little bit and really use
it later and so I only have three to use
right now I have this one which won't
help me at the moment
wait wait wait isn't the nightmare the
card that triples it triples any one
card yes triple your triple poison yeah
but then like I'll triple it I'll triple
it and he'll have nine then I'll triple
it and he'll have you know like I still
don't think it's enough so wait so you
so so he starts with no next turn he
starts with my next turn you get three
of the poisoned things so then nine
times three you could poison him more
next turn before you use all three of
those potentially no but these each cost
one okay
potentially okay I can see your concern
there these each cost one but okay so
but we could get him up like so if I use
if I use nightmare to triple this and
then use this he's at nine the next turn
he's at twenty one times three is sixty
three times three is a hundred that
sounds like a lot for poison damage
you know let's see if it works how about
that I don't I don't want to steer you
wrong well you know it'll be it'll be a
nice little adventure about that what
you know it's gettin to the end of
stream so we can take risks alright cuz
I can still use this this time and that
gets him up to 900 10 points ok so use
my Shiv here and we're just gonna we're
just gonna concentrate on the boss
because once you defeat the boss
everyone else is defeated so let's just
see what happens and I could get another
catalyst dude you got this yeah but I
won't have the points just say fuck it
let's just do it let's see what happens
let's just see what happens rich
thanks on my car's okay all right all
right
all right this might work all right so
now we triple it all your cards first
okay go back okay so this is just free
for damage yeah this I draw a card and
then have to discard a card this applies
to week and for damage so I could do
that to one of these guys you have
anything that gets you extra energy in
your deck you know I could try drawing a
new card I mean do you have anything in
your deck that would do that yes okay
okay yes I do I actually have a couple
cards yeah well I tried trying a new
card because this doesn't cost me
anything more imposing poison that
doesn't super help though okay when were
the three triples you'll be doing all
right maybe let's give it a shot triple
triple and oh sweet fucking sweet then
we hit him with the Shiv
so heat by the way look yes
200 if I can survive this barrage I will
and I can I can survive this i neva need
this because they're just gonna hit me
for eight Nate that was absolutely the
right call look at it look at that
I'll just see all this shit I don't have
to do any of this I'm just gonna end my
turn
you got this I'm just gonna end my turn
I hit him for 250 poison that's great
that was a great call rich great call I
don't no problem no problem Jack
how long would one world take you could
take me Wow we can end it how long
what's our up time who's up times
recently can someone give me enough time
all I'm leaving you watch our up times
I'm gonna take a look these we're like
well like what time we start what - when
we serve yeah close two to four hours
ten minutes okay yeah potions always
drop after time at least not up to
relics draw two additional cards each
turn but start each combat confused no
no way elites now dropped two relics
when defeated that could be very helpful
or potions always drop after combat that
that's useful potions so what time is so
it's it's four hours and ten minutes so
what time is it what does that say it's
gonna at six it's 5:55 alright yeah then
we should call it you wanna call I think
so if you think you can do it I won't
stop you from having your glorious
moment where you hunker this it stream
it's gonna take me another hour I know
I'm just saying if you want to do it I
got your back man I you know what I feel
like what's gonna happen is it's gonna
end in disaster and like right now we
hit a high point we just poisoned the
fuck out of a big bad boss and I like
ending on a high point and so even
though it could be glorious just do it
just do it ya know we should go okay go
I think that's the smart call but that's
the game that's the game game I've
really enjoyed I could look at this one
do it do it
give like Super Bowl party to go to like
no I just here it's a really selfish
reason which I'd like that was a nice hi
I know that was a really nice flight and
I know and I don't want to I don't want
to spoil the hi alright alright so
that's my that's my slightly selfish
reason
oh but actually you know what
for anyone who plays this game there is
a bit of a weird save glitch there's a
way to choose your battles yeah it
doesn't it doesn't save until you start
the next battle ok so if I were to save
now and go back I would actually have to
replay that boss back yeah so if you end
up really fucking up you can just quit
save and take the whole boss battle so
I'm gonna I'm gonna start my next battle
and then okay so I can cheese she asked
a little bit
no I'm saying
are you gonna continue this oh yeah okay
okay Hecky I'm gonna continue that
hopefully hopefully yeah it saves to the
cloud right maybe maybe I want to see
your disinterested reaction to the solo
trailer but our is it is it do we know
if it's really happening even even know
if it's shown yet the game even started
the game started around six I have no
idea and I just don't care
I don't care about the solo trailer I
don't care about the Super Bowl
mmm all right here's what I do care
about rich thanking all the people who
have subscribed to us during this stream
I also care about seamless transitions
yeah I'm kind of tips too okay so let's
take a moment thank all the people who
have subscribed to us during this euro
friendly Super Bowl stream much like is
joe flacco elite who says who needs a
Super Bowl party or friends when you
have prereq solo 56 7 for 25 fucking
months in a row blah vaad for 16 months
in a row you too you too may be mute TV
you TVs when I was capitals are
important happen alarm you TV fad cease
are barren Badcock the AC for 12 months
in a row who says you guys are so cool
come expose Casper says if Jack says Dec
one more time my head explodes okay it's
a deck building game i I think I kept
saying deck when I meant hand yeah so
that could be what copper is referring
to you know obviously there's no
it's fine jack sometimes you just talk
so fast hello I'll pluck my cock ah
that's fuck center age that's a pH okay
I guess I couldn't use the F uck from
reasons yeah oh fuck my cock
Len flex since key for 17 months in a
row has just watched for the first time
how not to make a movie do you know what
Garrett and Lisa are up to these days
Titus 84 for 16 months in a row no dread
pirate Santa for 16 months in a row joke
da Jim docks cap TV crispy fried man for
twenty three fucking months in a row who
says keep Hayden on real time strategies
rich you're free to like them it's just
not my thing
creepy cripple sulfur Mega Man Batman is
wife 3 there's an extra eonline extra
Ian's life and real one Black Dynamite
says two months of twitch prime
hopefully you guys get a percentage of
the price hike from Amazon Prime we
don't get a percentage of the price hike
but we do get a percentage of your prime
monthly thing prime the xxxx devastate
whore and boron for 17 months in a row
gaming unicorn XE what a one the review
astir Dan Kirk or sir wait that's sir
Dan 3k maybe Zdenek sir Zdenek yeah if
it's the losers Danny
James far
Blanc's Blonsky brews val astrious 421
fucking months in a row says I remember
not too long back in 2016 when I started
giving you guys money for some reason
now it's 2018 somehow and I'm still
giving you me money
force of habit is a hack Franz best
friend thanks for all the laughs and
fails on keep no problem we try our best
or apparently we don't so few wins
that's why it's important to end some
streams out of gaming high point like
I'll take it it's not a win but it's a
high point mr. glitch says I'm spending
Jeff besos his money here son away Jeff
Bezos is a prereq fan Congrats on
hitting the big time guys sure he is he
knows good he knows quality
entertainment peace a turns when he's
not fun the real van 47 fucking nuts in
a row says rich you guys ever stream Sid
Meier's pirates it's one of my favorite
games from when I was younger we have
none mmm Qatar lat o control-alt-delete
I get it it's not control though it's
Kotaro all Deline Kotaro I'll delete
yeah it's weird
I'm sure it means something all the
missed 27 Feridun - 7 7 - says a couple
weeks back my computer's psu died power
supply unit power supply unit died when
I got it fixed all five of my drives
were dead all my backups of my movie
scripts test photography production
notes all gone so I have to start from
scratch movies are hard
that's a by the way that's a great in
first of all there might be a service
where someone can you know reconstruct
dead drives that sounds weird from a
power supply unit unless the power
supply unit died
because of some electrical problem I
guess it still seems weird it's yeah
seems very strange I would take it to a
service if it's all that important but
hey cautionary tale for everyone
anything that's very important to you
back up on a separate Drive a an
external drive that you keep off of your
computer even if you have a hard drive
partitioned it doesn't guarantee that
snot you know necessarily a good backup
anything important separate external
hard drive all of our footage or at
least when I'm editing I usually you
know delete the backups after a while
but you know there's one editing drive
and then I have a dedicated backup drive
that's a separate box just to make sure
in case anything gets fried but I would
look into a service to have that stuff
reconstructed for you and might cost a
little money but it sounds like it might
be worth it booty smack Iraq for 16
months in a row says thank you guys for
the years of great entertainment what is
your favorite show or cartoon from the
90s Batman the Animated Series that's a
great answer though I guess it's served
in the late 80s it doesn't have to be
animated next gen oh sure sure that's a
great one too you know there was that
time in the 90s that Saturday morning
was the absolute Rock inist
with the cats the tick the spider-man
cartoon the x-men cartoon like like all
of them in a row - it was just like it
was like eek tick spider-man x-men it
was a glorious Saturday morning no they
don't do Saturday morning cartoons
anymore well no cuz they do cartoons any
fucking time you want
I got channels and only car that is true
yeah but it's not special anymore that's
true whatever by making it more
accessible yeah Pez Frank love you guys
keep up the good work
dee dee nomen denominator oo is how that
is spelled arch nummy arch and
e kappa kappa shred kinetic RX no we MN
for 16 months in a row says given that
you're fans of B movies and 80 movies
and such how come that you never talked
about bud spur Kerr never heard of him
here in Europe he has a long he has a
huge fan base even today on another
matter can we expect more episodes of
prereq or is prereq now just streaming
well so first point buds first sir if
he's big in Europe rich and I are not
from Europe maybe he's big here too we
just missed it I don't know there's a
lot there's a lot to be had as far as
new episodes you know saying Spencer it
could be a typos and Bud Spencer yeah
which makes sense spur sir is not
necessarily spur Kerr it's not
necessarily a good name so new episodes
you know we're just waiting for someone
to be ready again and what's coming out
J might know what's coming out it just
might not happen and we have to we have
to accept that in our hearts can you do
it I can L come to door D some raw dig
or blue for 16 months in a row who says
16 months yo
Pat got Bruce pag got to Bruce all right
so I'm saying that I that's fine we
don't know without capital letters
Munchie underscore several underscores
Hogman the intruder PO 4 FX left over
beefcake for 39 motherfucking months in
a row prereq is my loot box sometimes
it's a grind to get the good stuff but I
still look forward to my next hit you
bring it back around beefcake grumpy
kicks Oh a monster
Benny Harvey r.i.p big man
learn sundström e do as good as i'm
given that a lot of letters that's a lot
yeah the off switch for 25 fucking
months in a row
who says I just started a new job as a
support worker for mentally disabled
adults hold on the off switch I'm about
to read the rest of this in my head okay
that's fair
one is a middle-aged guy and he doesn't
really say much but does walk around
quoting Star Trek like he's in his own
adventure so I have the same job as rich
now I get it
prestige Johnson fractals three one four
and true-blue review for fifteen months
in a row says my apologies for that bad
joke
but I know a guy who knows a guy that
knows how to fix jokes so I'll just ask
him how to fix him you know what that's
fine that's a fair and it has a fair
that's a fair ending
