Feb 18, 2018
Dead Rising 3
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/230998008
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/230998807
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/230999165
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNiYrT6cFlg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlepOcM35WI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VObkAnSerpU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/965334840013934595

[Part I]
starting ticking the numbers start
ticking you know right I've noticed we
sometimes don't start when it goes red
but I mean you know good rule thumbs
when the thing text here shows up as red
we're live yeah absolutely it's a good
rule of thumb hello hi how's everyone
doing everyone we're here and we're
stream and before this starts I know
jack-bots already has an exclamation
point for this but neither rich nor eye
has seen Black Panthers so we can't talk
about it
and its opening weekend so let's not
spoil it for anyone who cares about
spoilers there's a half of the bag got
about it there's there's released it
early there's all releasing they didn't
release the half of the bag during the
stream they released a before the stream
which is very courteous it's a very
courteous as always that was not
intentional they were not thinking of us
they just released it when it was done
but no spoilers on the new thing and
rich and I haven't seen it well you know
I plan on seeing it this week
rich probably doesn't so you'll have to
wait I'm playing this on nightmare mode
I my characters fully leveled and so
this game is this game is so comically
easy my first time playing through this
game Jack no my very first time playing
through this game was a no death run
where I did all the side missions
without even trying right you turn the
sound up here a little bit for us or do
I have you might have it muted in game
okay oh wait yeah well you might have it
muted in in game cuz I don't hear it I
don't hear during thing
don't wanna I don't want to deprive
people of the cutscenes cuz they all
care about that of course they do of
course they do everyone no game sound
here yeah knows no game sound for us
either Rich's working on game sound
right now but but Ritchie while we can't
talk about the popular new movie that's
out what we can talk about is problems
with controllers let me let me figure
out what the fuck is going on here first
oh okay I may I may need to troubleshoot
there's no sound at all that's weird
yeah if there's no music that's probably
because ie listen I tend to listen to
other things when I game right and I I
probably just had this sound for music
all the way down talked about cameras so
they want you talking about cameras they
love your camera stories here's what I
can tell you by the way I'm so I'm
editing the episode that we shot oh my
god these are all all the way down yeah
I'm editing the episode that we shot on
Wednesday and it looks fucking gorgeous
both both of our cameras you know there
are close-ups that that I switched it to
the nice cameras the nice DSLRs our look
great look crisp and here's that here's
the amazing thing the the real thing
when you have a camera running at a high
bit per second data rate is when you
start color correcting it doesn't
degrade the footage at all yeah because
we have three separate cameras each with
their own sensor we're using three
slightly different lenses on all the
cameras and so the color information is
going to be different for every camera
but I was able to tweak yours in my
color and it just still looks crisp and
beautiful okay okay but once I started
tweaking I used the old af100 for the
wide-angle and once I started tweaking
the color on that you can see little
artifacts alright it's not as good I'm
sorry it's okay it's the wide shot so
it's not going to be as important but
holy moly
it looks it looks sharp and crisp you're
just gonna look even older thanks a lot
you jerk yeah so I'm having controller
issues you're having controller issues
which is shocking because you got
yourself one of those really nice Xbox
elite controller almost exactly a year
ago yeah almost exactly a year one of
the the $150 Xbox elite controller but
it might I say a ridiculous price even
for how nice of a controller it is well
ok ok I was playing this game actually
at home yeah miss marina the first time
through when I did a deathless without
Frank I just start the character just
started running forward his own hmm like
not doing anything to put the controller
down it starts moving up I go into the
menus the menu just starts going
do-do-do-do-do-do going up scrolling up
and so there's a joystick drift issue on
my xbox pro controller yeah where
there's something in there is worn out
and it just always wants to input up as
a movement for the dead the dead zones
all fucked up so when your thumb is not
on it thumb is not on it it wants to go
forward sure and it wasn't one of those
issues you know like sometimes if you
turn a game on and you're already
pressing forward or something yeah it
registers it wasn't an issue like that
you don't think I looked into fixing it
like I looked up some youtube videos and
whatnot yeah everything I've seen it
involves soldering and a new fucking
whole fucking new thing in there for the
for the joystick so this is a known
issue is it yeah I I'm so I'm waitin for
what I've always been wanting to learn
how to solder
oh I'm the up side this might cause me
to invest in a learning out of solder
and getting a soldering gun yeah on the
other side of things you know I I had
contemplated well I guess I just got to
get a new one now like wait a minute the
reason I spent a hundred and fifty
dollars on to the Cadillac of game
controllers is cuz I just assumed
spending that much fucking money half
the amount that a fucking xbox one would
cost
that would be well-built and it would
maybe maybe a little bit more durable
than another cheap piece of shit
controller uh-huh you know I figured it
would last longer than a fucking MadCat
controller you would assume yes
absolutely you know wait why am I gonna
buy another one the whole reason I
bought it was that I thought I'd be more
durable it makes no sense to buy another
one I'm annoyed as you should be I I
would say take it up with whoever you
purchased it from and to see if there
you know a lot of times sometimes
there's a there's a warranty just like a
built-in manufacturer's warranty 90 days
90 days well there you go
even if we were a year I'd be screwed
now yeah I'm sorry I I also have the
Xbox one controller I have not had a
problem with it mind still works great
to this day but I'm very I'm very sorry
no Triano complaining run hey you been
pissed off too
if you're $150 controller took a shit a
year after you bought it absolutely
absolutely and you know what I think
soldering is one of those things that
like that's a talent that's the talent
and that's a skill that could help you
later on in life you don't necessarily
want to like try it out on the super
expensive gaming controller you know
well I I might look for something to
practice on before I jump right into the
hundred and fifty dollar controller
right I'm just saying it's something I
always wanted to learn how to do anyway
hmm yeah nothing feels quite like that a
league controller it is it is top of the
line the whole reason I bought it was I
thought it would last longer than a
normal one yeah it feels great yeah I
mean I would also assume the standard
the standard X because I bought a cheap
one yeah when a bro I've got a normal
one it feels fine now it doesn't have
quite half of the weight to it but the
weight and the grip the the
the expats that leave just feels nice if
it's gonna at this point I can't say it
was worth it
oh no obviously it broke obviously it
broke all right so my goal here I just
want to get through this game as quickly
as possible I'm gonna do a few of the
side missions but I think in general
just just finish the game sure then
we're gonna see how long it takes not
necessarily a speedrun not a perfect run
no maybe we should we maybe call it a
rush run
I'm not fucking around yeah rush run are
not fucking around too much run yeah
we'll see we'll see I'm playing it on
nightmare this mode actually has a timer
worth oh we're talking about you know it
still works differently than didn't Dead
Rising 1 & 2 but something yeah all you
know what like so my elite still works I
see a lot of people talking about the
controller's they use my ps4 controller
still work great though they no longer
hold a decent battery my my two ps4
controllers that I've had for a couple
years now I if I'm having a longer
gaming session I'll need to plug it in
after a couple hours they no longer hold
my charge which is really upsetting you
know it works out for me because usually
I'm gaming in my office and so like I'm
close enough where I can plug in and
it's not the biggest deal but if I was a
living room gamer I'd be really pissed
at that you're amazed I'm even playing
this I don't have pure hatred for this
game it's a shitty Dead Rising game but
as its own thing it's that's alright
that's alright
kind of neat places we're gonna cringy
humor
that's the that's the is that it's that
Michael Bay kind of humor or you feel
like they're laughing at people in that
with them that's a good way to describe
Michael Bay type humor yes remember in
the Transformers when bumblebee peed on
that guy
this discovers a transvestite are they
stupid haha that's the kind of humor
this game has yeah this carrot this
character is gay and that is funny the
joke is that this character is gay yes
that's that's in here that very thing is
in here no
this guy already has more personality
than yellowjacket guy yes a lot of
people hate the protagonist in this game
I think he's alright
yeah yeah how do we know about him so I
mean all I neveri am I missed the
cutscene or anything no nothing meaty
okay he has a he has a 12 tattoo on his
neck yeah and that's all I know about
him so far is that all I need to know
about him so far and he's cowardly a
little bit he's not he's not overly
confident about anything that happens
which honestly makes a whole lot of
fucking sense right it's that level of
realism where it's like yeah I would
probably hide isn't I'm going to save
the day that's great okay got nothing on
Frank West but
neither richer I have played Monster
Hunter World No so we're probably not
going to talk about that
this one's so dark the games are done
this isn't a Dead Rising game it's a
Dead Rising game in name only
it's a you this game works best like
Star Trek discovery it works best when
you try and ignore the name on the cover
sure and think of it as its own thing we
we decide now that's now that the season
is over the reason I decided to read up
our free subscription yeah and and last
night like yeah you know what let's
watch an episode of Star Trek discovery
see let's see where you know we left off
at the mid-season point I haven't really
thought about it yeah since and then we
were getting ready to watch it and we
couldn't remember which episode we left
off and we're like shit we should
probably watch a few episodes before
this is reminded like we've forgotten so
much about the show right just because
we didn't care so we relaunched the
mid-season finale I got to see them
sweet Klingon tits again forgot about
those monster tits yeah yeah so just
something no one has ever wanted to see
I don't think it's supposed to be the
sexiest thing well it's not supposed to
be sexy but it's also I I don't think
it's supposed to be like this it was
unnecessary I get it I already get that
you know I ought to get what the Klingon
is doing you don't need to see them
then clean on flippers flappers
bagel
yeah that's alright that's a head like
that idea where he's just like a little
platforming make your way past the hole
oh I don't I don't deny chat I don't
deny that someone out there really did
want to see Klingon tits I'm just saying
we didn't need to in general I don't
even like the Klingons that much and the
grand scheme of Star Trek yeah you know
they work fine for the as far as like a
one note one note race goes it's fine
they serve their purpose in some
storylines but far more interesting as
allies because just the thought of the
Star Trek of the Federation trying to
have peaceful diplomatic relationships
with this fuckin backwards warrior race
that ya should never have made it out
into space right is more interesting
than we're going to kill each other yeah
yeah yeah the the diplomacy involved in
having to put up with the Klingon blood
ceremony that's interesting yeah when I
want a villain I'm gonna turn to the
Romulans or the Cardassians or the
Dominion as being far more interesting
as villains
I gotta get out of here man you got a
family to get back to parents don't have
any me neither yeah sometimes you're
better off that way no gone it's fine
holy hell is this wide show 30 30 frames
oh no no it's oh and it's acting funny
for you guys I saw that oh wow yeah I I
don't know what to do about that it does
not look that jittery for us No
so works assisted suicide episode was
fun I'd say that's probably the best use
for the Klingons the Federation having
to deal with these fuckin backwards
ideas which episode of Worf got crippled
and rather than having surgery to make
us improve his quality of life he just
wanted to kill himself he wanted to
commit ritualistic suicide because his
legs didn't work which mine Klingon
value is I have no value to society I
must die do the ritual and see but
they're not you what about your child
the ceremony of the customers dictate
the Klingons that I almost committee
remote and just Starfleet dealing with
that shit that's classic Star Trek to me
though where they're just like that's
that's like perfect I'm saying that's
how to best use the Klingon oh right
right no I'm with you I think like
that's perfect usage where it's like
Star Trek saying like we need to be
diplomatic and we need to respect to
other cultures but also we disagree with
the culture Oh what are we gonna do it's
great so worthless like a racehorse
that's yes that's kind of a Worf sees
himself yes yeah that's how Klingon see
themselves
the walls are thick it'll buy us some
time camera is all stuttering to what
what what can we do about this is the
issue this game it could be the game is
processor intensive we'll see when the
actual gameplay starts yeah yeah the
restarting the expert could help let's
see what happens like now it's running
Tori I wonder if it's just a cutscene
people I am just a cutscene thing than
fucking to deal with keep an eye on it
when when the actual gameplay is
happening and see if it's still
stuttering cuz I'm not seeing any
stutters right now well they have to
keep an eye on up during actual gameplay
that's it's the stream oh right yeah I
what I mean is watch me make a conscious
effort oh actually you know something
weird here so on the on the top of
exploit they give us a little some some
info on the top as we're streaming and
according to xsplit we have not dropped
any friends weird but we obviously have
we can restart xsplit everything running
fairly smooth now
yeah they're saying as soon as the
cutscene ended it got better which is
very strange hey we'll take it we will
take it I'm on the fence whether or not
I should try to save these random people
do it right there it's gonna be a lot of
them what's your twice
there's a back in the fucking car dick
get back in the car there you go so what
do you have to do just clear zombies
away from them escorts are bad
oh yeah you don't even need to get them
in the car no oh that's they just run
away
dang gonna she's gonna run away goodbye
really yeah so unsatisfying
let's court fuck
oh geez
Jesus let's see what we got here
anonymous says if you could implant one
new skill directly into your brain of
the matrix-style what would it be you
don't know there's not anything that
you've ever wanted to know the car
mechanic work on your own car yeah
that's not a bad thought that's kind of
something you should have done first by
the way didn't I say playing this would
be too boring a completionist I mean I
did wanted to why not if I were to have
a something downloaded into my brain I
would want the language pack that'd be
handy that would be incredibly
incredibly handy you know like if there
was just like a like a SIM card that I
could plug into my brain that's like now
I know Spanish fuck that'd be great oh
I'm gonna take a trip to China
here's Mandarin I love that but it's
because it's loading the next level data
during the cutscene oh that could be
maybe but you can skip cutscenes
so you'll have to play dead rising four
and that's not can yeah we can deal with
jittery people are saying yeah oh yeah
I'm gonna deal the jittery cow so yeah
let's see here that guy from Scotland
has a very important question yeah which
is when will blade join the MCU
I hope they can just canonize the Wesley
snipe movie and have him join the lineup
with spider-man and Hulk in all his 90s
leathery glory vampires are now a thing
yeah you'd be probably I mean it's not
not canon don't think it's it's not not
canon
that's it but that's a really easy fix
that's a really easy fix if you have a
new blade movie and it's part of the MCU
how old is Wesley Snipes
that's the determining factor on whether
or not they would do this what do you
know you mean bring blade back yeah well
you do know wouldn't be Wesley because
they want to do another movie yeah
all right then it wouldn't be Wesley
then I won't do it they won't make those
movies can and they might make a new
blade they're more they're far more
likely in fact to make a new blade
they're gonna make a new blade Wesley
Snipes is now the mentor figure training
the new blade the next generation of
blade that's how you got to do it you
have you have Wesley be the Whistler
legacy character suck yeah what are you
gonna do nobody wants to see blades lame
knockoff they want to see blade even if
it's a rebooted blade I'd rather see
blade it's gonna still be blade it just
won't be Wesley Snipes Wesley Snipes
wouldn't even agree to that that's
probably true Wesley slave types is
terribly uh he's only 55 yeah then they
could do it they could totally do it
have him be the old man blade yeah he's
got vampire blood sure which I guess
he's still ages but he could still be
super strong and healthy for a 55 year
old man sure oh I wouldn't mind
I wouldn't mind old man bleh
yeah then kaleidoscopic that's probably
what we'd have to do in play in the new
blade too so you know you bring Wesley
back yet you get your gritty blade in
there everybody's happy then blade two
comes around and he's training the new
blade and it's gonna be a girl blade
it's gonna be his daughter daughter
blade blade Asst latest política later
played arena blade re glacially lady
blade
you know for diversity Jack what if we
had a white blade I like it it's a bowl
it's a bold new take you know I think
that's that's been the real problem with
the entire MCU not enough white people
that's the exact problem wait she won't
come with you because she wants to
finish her tag oh thanks for reminding
me Chad
you know what what I thought of yeah
just the other day and it did not come
to mind when we were talking about Lobo
movies oh yeah yeah you know who we
missed Jason Momoa who's he
Aquaman it's cool yeah he'd be the
fucking perfect Lobo
in fact in Justice League he's basically
playing Aquaman as Lobo there's well
there's this there's two ways you could
do a cinematic Lobo yeah you could try
and do something more serious but they
already have a command so you can't do
Jason Momoa yeah but you do that kind of
thing where it's a well of realistic
believable I'm not an on silly Lobo you
do that or you go the other extreme and
you do the Macho Man Randy Savage and
you do comedy Lobo oh I'm just saying
like if if we were if we were actually
trying to fit Lobo into the current DC
Universe and if Aquaman wasn't already a
thing Jason Momoa would be the perfect
Lobo and I gotta say my opinion yeah
over-the-top comedy Lobo that's the more
interesting way to go it could be I
think if we were we were talking about
you know like if Michael Bay does Lobo
who's the perfect person to do Lobo you
got you have to give him an action star
who's taking himself very seriously but
it's ridiculous and I still think that's
Jason Momoa because he's a terrible
actor well if you're doing Michael Bay's
version then yeah yeah yeah Jason Momoa
for Michael Bay's version
but for what's-his-face was gonna do
ant-man he did the Shaun of the Dead and
what's this fucking name oh yeah that
guy what's this then
the Macho Man Randy Savage oh my god I
don't want to look at Jack because I
want to remember his name
Edgar right Edgar right Edgar Wright is
his name Edgar Wright slobo self-aware
bizarre
Edgar Wright slower Lobo starring john c
reilly
Edgar Wright will never sign on for a
superhero film again and no one will
hire him for a superhero film again so
it's okay he doesn't need to worry about
sign well what happened behind the
scenes he he wanted something that
Marvel didn't want okay why would that
make him never want to do another
superhero film again he wasn't willing
to play ball with the big with the big
guns okay
the big wigs wanted wanted some things
that he wasn't willing to give them and
oh my god Ritchie was supposed to save
her okay
rumor has it as far as the Edgar Wright
ant-man situation is concerned is he
wanted to make Evangeline Lilly a much
bigger part of the movie in fact I think
he wanted and and this is pure rumor and
speculation but I believe he wanted to
end the movie with the wasp saving the
day yeah which would have made a shit
ton more sense in the ant-man movie and
was probably built to do that but then
Disney said well we're gonna save the
wasp event for the sequel wewe need her
you know to do this and this and he just
wasn't willing to play ball he was this
is all rumor and speculation and little
bits
and and basically he just didn't get his
way which is fair you know like you're
working for a big studio you got a you
got to have your own voice but also
listen listen to the money he also
wanted Scott Lang to be a less
redeemable character which I also would
have liked Marvel had a plan they had a
plan much like the rumor with with Lord
Miller in the Han Solo movie that they
were gonna turn it into a straight-up
like B movie comedy and purple were
purposefully having their actors be bad
because they had a funny vision of what
they wanted the movie to be like there
was even a rumor that they were hiding
dailies from Disney like they wouldn't
show Disney their dailies crazy is what
that is it's crazy it's great Lauren
Miller don't give no fucks
where is she she's behind the van hey
she got stuck
get on bitty Marvel you know Marvel made
the safe decision with ant-man and
ant-man isn't the greatest even of the
MCU like it's just not a it's not a very
interesting movie and I think it has oh
my god I think it has a lot of blandness
issues that route that we're a direct
result of the director you know being
swapped midway through production
I really enjoyed ant-man and enjoyed him
and Civil War oh it's fine it's a
perfectly serviceable movie and really
anytime Paul Rudd gets to be in a big
Hollywood movie I'm down let's have him
be in everything because he's the
greatest ever
always but with Edgar Wright it could
have been an interesting Marvel movie
but Marvel made the right call for
safety sake
Paul Rudd as Lobo see now you're talking
I would love that
now but for it know Paul Rudd in
anything right now anything I will say
yes to that I love Paul Rose the two
extremes one hand you have machete yeah
on the other hand you have the Macho Man
Randy Savage is the two acceptable ways
to do Lobo yes I agree
hard as biker or parody hard-ass
comically over-the-top biker
haha oh you take off your gloves to do
that oh she's
I thought her helpfully thing after low
ivenn Lee says thanks for returning man
to slay the spire have been really into
it yeah I'm coming closer and closer to
to beating the game with with the iron
clam I can now like pretty pretty
reasonably get to get to the final boss
we're pretty not reasonably pretty
reliably get to the final boss I had the
greatest so you know when you talk to
the space whale yep or the ghost whale
in the beginning yeah one of one of my
options was obtain a random common relic
and so I chose that option and at the
beginning of the game the relic I got
was instead of picking a card anytime
you pick a card instead you can gain two
max HP okay which is great because a lot
of times you don't want to pick any of
the cards anyway and so as buy it by the
time I got near the end I was almost at
a hundred eight P it's nice which was
awesome I still lost first very
difficult of course but it's coming in
it's coming in to its own why do boss
battles suck so much in this game
because they do next to no damage and
you have to try to lose
hunchback Jack yes that was a boss or a
psycho our psycho bosses yeah yeah
oh yeah thickness
yeah anonymous says Jack how's the diet
going looking scam or is that just the
beard oh the beard diets going all
certainly not the beer it's not the beer
it's the beer duck
it's going alright it's going alright
it's got it's got a we got ups and downs
but we're fine that we're back on making
steady losses again so I'm not at my
lowest I'm not at my heaviest progress
progress in cognate in cognate öhlins so
Jack I hope you enjoyed my music
recommendation from last stream Charlie
bliss if so I'm glad to bring you
another check out the band Ozma and
their sung turtleneck cover up and
restart
I remember Ozma from back in the day
Ozma was a Weezer like band they did a
really great cover if I'm remembering
Ozma right they did a really great cover
of the tetris theme song yeah yeah that
a really neat you know cuz they they
were you know more of a slacker rock you
know the Weezer ish cover band but they
had a lady singer in there and they had
a really good cover of the tetris the
theme song if that's yeah that's Ozma
hey lady
oh I have to hit the button to continue
how do you play games that you had
because I hate it would be a strong word
for this game as a shitty Dead Rising
game and it's if you don't judge it as a
Dead Rising game it's kind of okay yeah
a mediocre mediocre generic zombie game
so what's the story here
and we're gonna get out of the city well
like you know with the last one we have
to get out of the city it was a it was a
zombie heist there's a mix there's just
a plot a plot toss Alan plot toss salad
they're looking for the girl was he
weird tattoo and doing something with
the president this is just all this shit
is just mixed together and nothing fits
together properly fine that's fair
why is that general wearing a black
leather Nazi jacket maybe because he's
just the villain yeah they're there so
they're hiding it so well I liked how
his like lady general was also wearing
like the super like titty exposed with
the black tie in between Michael Bay
made a Dead Rising game Michael Bay made
a Dead Rising game that's the
explanation for Dead Rising 3
this stuff's too smart let's make it
really dumb yeah just boobs in there get
some boobs but this is why people are
funny this game this is like later
Michael Bay not even fun Michael Bay
early Michael Bay is at least fun
Michael Bay
damn honey you could probably make more
of these out on the road now that you
know you know the cut-scene framerate
scrap I don't know why we're dealing
with it yeah we're very sorry it's it's
taking a lot of processing power for
these cutscenes
I should have done this ages ago
look
oh Jesus
I mean I think with that you can just
take care of the entire zombie infect
those fucking roadblocks everywhere
getting around in this game is just
annoying it's not fun it's annoying
Dead Rising 1 & 2 maps are these nice
simple loops
we got here we got a is joe flacco
elites who says I got fallout 4 when it
came out but couldn't get into it I gave
it another chance recently and got
really invested have either of you had a
game that you came to appreciate after
revisiting possibly
okay well I'm not in love with this I
this has grown a little bit on me
Dead Rising 3 sure okay a little bit I
could see that I'm currently going
through a my second tiny reinvestment in
pub G have you know after after they
came out with v1 and and gave us the
death cam and had a little more time
with it I think I I'm enjoying the pub G
a bit more that's one that I've
reinvested some more time into and I've
grown to appreciate
Jackalopes pub GI played a couple rounds
played a couple rounds today up a super
sword yeah I made the wrong thing but
it's not a big empower guy it really had
a really fun time one of my first drop
ins I dropped in right next to someone
we bro that we both dropped in on the
same roof and I found the gun and
bullets first see you're back in oh yeah
and and instead of you know like usually
if someone finds a gun first you know
you go you've run him hide or you start
punching hoping you can get enough
damage in before this huge I am but this
person just knew their number was that
by I had the gun
I had it loaded and I was far enough
away where I was going to get a shot off
Chet we had very little to do with it
but we've had chicken dinners on stream
that's true
oh when did this roving rape gang show
up oh just now
fire so anyway we both land on the roof
and I and I had the person you know dead
to rights and they they just they stood
there and it kind of they gave me a
little they gave me a little mob I saw
them that like okay I'm ready
shot him in the head made it clean the
other game I had today I had a great
vantage point some good weapons good
scopes and I found it a nice like roof
to just hang out on I was inside the
circle and I was slowly picking away at
people who were who would come into my
little zone and and I got into this one
particular battle with someone who was
hiding and couldn't see me didn't know
where I was and I was just pick pick
pick only myself to be picked off by
someone with the sniper rifle behind me
that's great
great time
she put my nuts back up in there kick
them in the balls it's funny Oh
good sugar it's the power of mouse the
power of mouse compel you
a motorcycle with a yeah that kind of
makes no sense no but a motorcycle would
be able to push the steamrollers this
game was designed for babies who don't
want to feel like babies so the babies
like I said my first time playing this
game blind no deathrun save I did all
the side missions yeah you know
Oh
that looks goofy yes great
nope is on the wrong side I can have a
point but you're probably oh no I just
I've just had some some fun runs
recently and and in in revisiting it
more so since they have put in a death
camp and you can actually see what it is
that kills you it's it's completely
changed the game
nope
it's completely changed my feeling about
every run you know every run when I see
what Kevin's like oh yeah yeah that
killed me I wanted to do the fancy smash
head another thing but fuck I just shot
him
let's try and she was you shoot his gas
tank he catches on fire and then you
could do that grab yeah
oh my god you saved us where's he gonna
get a coffin from with friendly plenty
it's not like the corpses are in them
right oh he's sad because he killed a
human
he's character he's not like Chuck
Greenway just what I said you're on fire
your potential is really exploding
that's a sick bird yeah yeah yeah
escape or die
what a twisted metal movie work no maybe
the car wrecking racing game yeah not
much racing is it just demolition derby
yeah it's been a while since I played it
I mean they've made movies out of less
story like a death race like yeah that
could be fun you know the the actually
not a bad movie to start pitching right
now with the success of The Fast and
Furious franchise yeah so like you know
like a more ridiculous r-rated Fast and
Furious that guy that could sell really
well you know we we got to infiltrate
this this uh this uh you make it the
post apocalypse underground demo derby
so we've got a post apocalypse fighting
the tournament with cars mortal kombat
meets Mad Max that's how I said twisted
metal movie okay I'm down but yeah like
they would probably do what you think
though because fast and furious well
yeah that's movie but that's what they
would do you gotta sell it
we just got bitch
right away or you're gonna turn in the
next few hours I'll go with your friend
to this plane that prays mm well it
wasn't that be an inspiration for
twisted metal probably
thanks for helping me not get raped
earlier I really appreciate that but by
look you're gonna save an old lady yeah
you know what that's fun back and forth
I can see how it'd get old after a while
but it's fun to see at least
but in any case yeah there's a there's a
movie to be made with the twisted metal
series that could be fun
you need some you know you need some
some actors that are names especially
overseas you need at least one or two
big-name actors you know it's not the
worst thing ever made it's nothing
compared to Dead Rising 1 or 2 us this
isn't even a Dead Rising game but it's
not the worst thing I've ever laid eyes
on
yeah and you've already played the first
two yeah interest in Kingdom Come
deliverance not even a little bit I
completely understand why people will be
obsessed with that game that it will not
be my jam Kingdom Come deliverance no I
forgot about this it is so I I believe
it was a Kickstarter game and it is a
giant open-world medieval RPG with a
emphasis on proper historically correct
sword fighting ok and so you know sword
fighting isn't just you know hit hit
roll away you actually have to like
block certain like certain buttons block
in certain directions and you have to
strike in certain directions and use
your shield and they have this whole
historically accurate fighting mechanic
that looks way too much for me way too
much just for me I'm sure people will
absolutely love it and it's one of those
Witcher 3 types you know someone posted
a picture of the script and it was
18,000 pages
what those giant oh you mean boring
sword-fighting yes the sword-fighting
looks very the sword-fighting looks very
boring but technical and if you're able
to master it I'm sure very satisfying
but not necessarily my thing all right
let's go you motherfucker I got the bull
chain cells oh yeah these are the mini
chain sauce in the first game did you I
was cute
you know I would leave you hurry the
fuck up hmm I think this is work for the
sake of time I'm gonna stop doing all of
the side quest sure
this guy was pretty easy to get
yeah let's catch it I got you
it's of dumbness gamers it's coming up
this annoys the hell out of me
it's not a fucking virus they don't even
know the series is fucking war they
don't even know the series fucking more
well but in in the actual Laura isn't
isn't the UH there is no and then
there's nothing resembling the virus but
isn't the cause of mystery no it's a
parasitic wasp well yeah but it hasn't
the government no we figured that's a
little so plot of the first game we
uncover this oh never mind it's well
known okay it's a little thing I know
but get get your own facts straight man
hey oh yeah it just means no one act
like you want to make a Dead Rising game
no one played the first game who made
this game right Jesus that's two flips
yeah we're not having a good flip day
or the Paris the the parasite has
mutated into a virus it's because of a
virus no a separate virus cause the very
parasite all right
like the paw the parasite got the flu
rich Jesus the price doesn't matter if
he dies but
fuck
let's see jack-in-the-box Mahalo cause I
said I've noticed that I repeat my
question
and that guy's running right into it
because he's a fucking moron
all right
you miss Frank West everyone misses
Frank West everyone
I could take him I'll even write ed
Oquendo says hey Jack are you still
playing The Witcher 3 how does that game
compared to Dragon's Dogma any interest
in playing the DLCs button wine is one
of the best DLCs ever no I have not
picked up Witcher 3 recently just
because I've been playing over things no
hate towards Witcher 3 button there's
other things to do at the moment how
does it compare to Dragon's Dogma I like
I probably like Witcher 3 better there
were some there were some weapons in
Dragon's Dogma that I enjoyed more but
overall Witcher 3 I think is better and
you get the same you know big epic
monster battles and a little cooler
stuff and I love roach a horse but some
of the weapons I liked better
or Dominus says Terry Crews as Lobo
that's your Macho Man Randy Savage
replacement because Macho Man is no
longer with us Terry Crews the the big
muscly black dude super muscles you ever
see Brooklyn nine-nine
no you ever see idiocracy yeah the
president oh yeah yeah that works
yeah Terry Crews would be a great Lobo a
green I like that Oh
also what do you guys think about the
David Harbour as hell boy and the pics
of him in costume I haven't seen fix it
from costume I thought he was a good
choice though yeah he could be a good
helpful I also have not seen the
pictures of any guy he's good though
he's good and stranger things so he'll
probably make a good Hellboy
yeah I could see I could see Terry Crews
as a lowball he'd be fun he'd be fawning
over the top I wholeheartedly support
this let's make it happen let's start
petitioning Michael Bay what will will
gather some signatures cuz that always
works with movies she's doing we're
saying this game was the worst of the
Dead Rising franchise that would be for
this is the game were decided it would
be stupid
the dead rising games get worse and
order what is the best then you get to
lose three oh how convenient
come on rich they're all pretty stupid
now there's difference between like like
fun and just dumb gameplay yeah it's
easy
timers suck so just make all easy why
isn't everything easy I just want to I
just want to play the game just finish
it and be done with it
yeah but not to be any challenge
throughout that's Dead Rising 3 that's
that's the rate of dumb dead rising
funny literally just want to mow down
hundreds what oh me I just want to move
down or zombies that's the only thing I
want to do ever dead rising theory says
I could do that in the first two but
there are other things I could also do
and that made me angry I want to ruin
the fun for everyone else
renegade akira says hey guys Devil May
Cry HD is coming to PC next month any
chance you will give the series a try I
recommend starting with devil may cry 3
since it's the first chronologically
Dante's Awakening I don't know if I
think I played the Devil May Cry games
once but I don't have a time to say
about them
rich alright I don't know what to say
well there you go none of us has loved
the stream guys keep up the great work
you hack frogs would you guys ever
stream Dead Rising 2 off the record
co-op with rich as Frank West and Jack
as Chuck with green
I don't think Jack cares about the
franchise Oh any way shape or form I
really don't you know if if you think it
would be fun then maybe a voodoo lady
gonna stop her from killing herself as
part of her voodoo ceremony okay
by punching her in the face yes all
right
that's her
nice
is that
but who was that this game went to the
Ubisoft school of game design our large
open world did the thousands of boring
collectables okay caught them all and
you get a outfit panting it's called
padding but you can wear a different
outfit you'll be great that's great
whoo damn fat guy rarely but we do let's
say rarely but we had somebody Friday
the 13th rooms at this point lately
we've done a lot early on almost never
let yourself in - then let me yeah we
just did we just did that human fall
flat multiplayer yeah yeah that was fun
a lot of a lot of yucks in that stream
did we clip that I get my headstock that
needs to be a Chloe
yeah I know that someone clicked it for
us okay we need to make them put a clip
on our channel though that needs to go
up that needs to be one of her at least
in the playlist at the very least
oh ah stream highlight I didn't I
highlight I didn't think to highlight
that specifically I don't think oh and
you know what someone clipped it so I
didn't even think - hi
oh yeah no we need to make a highlight
oh okay sold now but oh oh super beer
these super bee beers finish that game
really promotion came in fall flat yeah
I don't know how far we got we didn't
hate it we didn't stop playing cuz we
hated it we just got tired of playing at
that particular right right would you
rather see happen first a doom sequel or
a blood-borne sequel fine question just
fine question here's what I'm in the
mood for right at this moment a
blood-borne sequel I might agree with
you as far as been what I'm in the mood
for like right now if I had to choose
but in general identity you know like I
don't know how I'd feel in a couple of
weeks in a month but just right now I
like actually that was something I'm
thinking of replaying blood-borne me too
oddly enough just because like I'm
itchin I'm itching and I know you know
they're working on the the Dead Rising
HD remake not that rising
Dark Souls the Dark Souls HD remake
which which will help scratch that itch
buddy on Dark Souls 3 is your sequel I
didn't let my teen I didn't much care
for Dark Souls 3 when I played it what
why why because it wasn't blood-borne
what's what's the fundamental difference
that's a great question
I get why you might prefer one
stylistically over the other but yeah I
think you know it's tough to say it's
tough to say but yeah I like the world
better I liked the the horror elements
better the the shield parrying was
wasn't didn't have the same feel as the
gun reposting there was there's a lot of
little differences but I liked the
weapons and blood-borne better
although much much more attack focused
and Dark Souls 3 wants you to fight
defensively if that is if that is the
case then that would add to why I didn't
like it ok as I like to go in a hug guns
blazing all right here's a question what
about me oh I didn't like it and I liked
blood-borne and I like the souls games
just fine but Neo die I don't know I
don't even remember why I didn't like it
right now but there was something I
hated they have a they had really
confusing button mashie combat remember
and remember like the different stances
I also remember hating all of the
fucking what junk weaponry oh my god yes
you pick up all the different weapons
and you just have to grind them down
into whatever yeah yeah
yeah yeah that's that was that was a
pain
the idea was not my thing I get this
similar but they don't feel they're not
identical with me Hoenn and my and Dark
Souls I just don't like neo blood-borne
is still a console exclusive still a ps4
exclusive yes yes blood-borne as its as
it's also known the only reason to own
any console I hoped you in this place
now what your turn to help me
yes I'm just gonna wait for the
inevitable
oh yeah then the surge to which this you
know even the surge wasn't terrible it
just felt lacking if the world wasn't
enough the enemies weren't enough Boober
II while he's trying to commit suicide
they couldn't have you actually could
kill so you're immune to the zombie
virus Oh in this game it's a virus
apparently right even though it's
clearly shown as being a parasite later
they just don't know what the fuck is
going on okay the other stupid thing
even if you're immune to the parasite
why is the wound healing super quick why
canonically that would that actually
make sense to how you can heal yourself
by drinking orange juice you know
they're explaining away a throwaway
gameplay mechanic
I need you to drive this stiff over to
my bosses club the diamond penny it's
right here in England the diamond
panties you understand what I'm saying
very well-connected I'm sure you could
get you fuel whatever you need for the
plane just leave her in the car I'll
meet you in the club all right come on I
gotta go okay I'll meet you there the
immunity is unrelated to the girl which
is unrelated to something else that
happens later on but the President of
the United States this game is its plot
salad tossed plot salad
it's all fine you got to go over to the
Diamond Pandey
did it say here 40 funky 40 K funky tomb
says hey guys just getting back into
blood-borne finally going to play the
DLC and going with a blood tinge build
this time what I end up being your
favorite builds weapons stay awesome
what blood-borne yeah as I spawned I
know it's it's a boring answer
yeah but ludwig's holy blade nice nice
balance between quick Thor yeah and and
giant slow damaging sword
yeah that's fair I was I I liked the the
- I think it was the crows like twin
blades you know the two really fast
small blades those those were really
good fucking everyone uses that weapon
maybe everyone uses that weapon for a
reason oh hell no it's fun weapon to use
man yeah what do you want me to tell you
I get we get it chipping is gonna end up
being bad by the way
yeah chipping I don't know why the
people behind this are just
unnecessarily evil but if you didn't
know the people who were behind it were
unnecessarily evil there is nothing
about infected person getting a chip
that automatically puts the drug that
saves your life into your body there's
nothing bad about that there's nothing
that isn't a good idea about having a
medical device implanted under your skin
that would help you not turn into a
zombie
sure but obviously they're obviously
going to use that yes for nefarious evil
purposes because they keep saying
everyone needs this device we're
encouraging everyone
gonna go off but you want to get out of
here Gary but the government is tracking
you all right in this universe in this
specific universe because a parasite
that turns you into a zombie if you
don't religiously take this drug every
24 hours
yeah you kind of want these people track
see you something goes wrong you want to
know where to station your anti-zombie
the patrols and forces I mean in general
in general though if you are it's just
common sense when one person can
accidentally start a citywide apocalypse
you can see why there's still the bad
guys though
skipping that side mission I'm not
trying to do a pervert run a pervert run
perfect Jack perfect don't twist I don't
twist my fucking words you asshole I am
90% certain you just said pervert one
which could Jack the see this is not an
anime game this that could have just
been your brain substituting the word in
pervert because you were walking out of
a strip club people are also saying they
heard perfect pervert round we're gonna
clip it you flip it pervert or perfect
whatever the fuck you want I had
absolutely no reason to say pervert run
just because you didn't have a reason
I'm dissing comte excuse alone by the
way I thought that was the name of the
side mission because he said I'm not
doing this side mission I have no
intention of doing a pervert run I
thought that was the side mission
because you were walking out of a strip
club
sure
as you show the social geometer says hey
guys hope you are well can you please
tell my fiance Kristen you're a real
peach Kristen you're a real peach rotten
and spoiled Paige that's been sitting
around for way too fucking long you
might want to think about some
refrigeration Kristen be Bruno Reese's
hey guys thanks for all the great
streams which have you ever checked out
warframe no it's a vanquish style
shooter with MMO elements really fun
well you lost me with MMO elements I'm
gonna be honest with you rich I have
some bad news for you yeah the chad has
checked the clip that's fine that's fine
you very clearly said pervert
no there's no winning in this world ah
you know we're not doing so bad we're
not just so bad get in I get in the car
I'll take it
Oh take it lick my love bits this is
rich in order to enjoy this game you are
going to have to do some parallel
jumping this game was originally called
zombie gods and then Capcom bought it
and whacked the Dead Rising name on
something I have not heard
and now everyone in chat is saying
that's not true yeah it is true no
that's not true
oh this wacky cast of characters yeah
have you guys played Celeste yet great
platformer and good I saw a video of it
it looks needs yeah you're familiar with
it I am familiar with it it looks neat I
have not played it yet I'm shocked you
have played on stream chat would hate it
that's why why do you know why do you
think I haven't played it on stream the
chatting hated you know you know maybe
and I've been playing a lot I played the
last two streams with injustice so I
wanted to give it a break give me
playing a break
just keep looking that's how you're
gonna fight seems kind of like to do I
know she's real cute and everything my
favorite wu-tang clan member probably
the RZA but for no particular reason I
like the Kyle Ike the wu-tang all
together they work best together but I
think as far as solo work is concerned
RZA has done the most interesting stuff
also Tiberius Kirk is correct that the
wu-tang clan
go there oh yeah they need to finish
titanfall but do we but do we need to
finish titanfall cuz that's his no I
don't think that's entirely up to you I
don't feel a strong urge to finish
titanfall
so I have no urge to finish titanfall I
have no urge to finish
my loud to find this nerd stereotype
offensive if you want yes
first of all rich yeah you are allowed
to find anything you wanna fancy that's
that's not wrong it's not wrong to be
offended so yeah go ahead be offended
man ok it's rich max level and Dead
Rising 3 I'll fun fact this game is so
well designed Jack yeah you can achieve
max level in an hour or two you can do
it an hour or two it's crazy
yeah that's crazy you find the white
right weapon and then you just find a
large group zombies and you spam and
then the combo meter Rises and Rises and
are you getting somebody kills cuz
you're doing it really easy because you
got that weapon that does all the kills
yeah
look buddy so what do you got to do for
this nerd hand kills he wants to see
your sweet moves
great
no chat oh of course chat you have the
right to not care if rich is offended by
the nude stares I have just as just the
same as rich has the right to be
offended that's how it all works outside
of RPGs I can't fight
oh okay I put my gun down on the roof
and apparently it just vanished
so that's great I lost my nice gun oh I
can make another one easy and on there's
a family minority group it's it's okay
or minority or special interest group
it's completely okay to make fun of Jack
it's completely okay no I think there
are there are a lot of a lot of groups
that are made fun of a lot for different
reasons and a lot of people find making
fun of certain groups perfectly
acceptable so I'm not going to agree
with that at all
we're the people lined up to boycott
Revenge of the Nerds where are they
where are they I'm pretty sure there's a
backlash
not-not-not recently or not when it came
out but recently I think I think if heck
if I watched Revenge of the Nerds now
Joe
for the record I'm playing a bit of
devil's advocate right now I'm not going
I'm not legitimately offended right
yeah we're into the nerds is something
special they're like that's a special
circumstance where like they justify
that one nerd raping the girl come on
man come on
but it's okay because she like them
which is yeah Revenge of the Nerds
they're the very first nerds Floyd
patient movie where they got to make fun
of the Nerds and have the Nerds be
heroes at the same time oh yeah
absolutely absolutely
it's not that's not a movie that would
fly nowadays but back back into
rip-roarin 80s you can get away with
anything let's say you level up in this
game just not with this weapon there's
one weapon that's just even more insane
sure and it just keeps going to get like
a combo of thousand I've gotten a combo
of stuff and you level up real quick
that way
sure yeah this is insane how easy it is
to kill all these zombies
that's way there that rape scene in
Revenge of the Nerds is the worst it
like if you just think about it like if
you if you think about it in the context
of real life it is horrifying every
aspect
like beyond that like remember the
heroes of the movie went into the ladies
dorm stole their underpants and planted
cameras so they could watch them shower
and stuff yeah that's the heroes of the
movies I know terrible I know it's
terrible oh that what now then go fuck
ourselves I'm not I'm not trying to do
all the side missions right I do some of
them that ones yeah most of these can go
fuck off oh sure but I'd say as far as
as far as like who it's acceptable to
make fun of like beyond nerds like
everybody still does like general like
nationality jokes you know like Germans
are hard workers
Irish are drunk like people do that all
the time and then you're talking about
you know like how people were raised so
that's it there's everybody's got a
thing nerds are no no specialer than any
other group
I hate political correctness I'm not not
making an argument that nerds should be
a protected group or something oh no no
I wasn't saying absolutely now we're
gonna start a we're gonna start a
campaign nerds needs to be protected
this God knows they can't protect
themselves they're so weak and well yeah
thanks thanks well well I I hate
political correctness yeah I do I have
to admit this part that's coming up yeah
and a couple other parts this game makes
me uncomfortable yeah well you know
there there's a difference between like
like political correctness which is you
know trying desperately not to offend
anyone and just a changing mindset of
the times of what is acceptable that
doesn't necessarily equal political
correctness like like oh I want to make
sure that whatever I do we don't offend
anyone and everyone's comfortable we
welcoming everyone like you know that's
being politically correct but also there
is a there is a always in flux
changing of what is and is not
acceptable behavior and that's okay
that's an okay
epic Jason no I don't think that's true
at all what epic jason says political
correctness is the modern form of
intolerance and yet it disguises itself
as tolerance
no no yeah political correctness I hate
it I I think what a lot of people
consider political correctness is just
someone saying I don't like the thing
you're saying not saying that no one is
saying like yeah you can't you can't say
that they're just saying I don't want to
hear that that's different thing that
said yeah this is a little bit cringy
and this makes me uncomfortable
all right let's see what it is wait just
sign up on the game no no no in the in a
for the chat you oh just a little bit
not not like over the top like oh it's
disgusting it's just like oh you're
there yes III watch this and it's just
like you just don't like gay people is
what I think their point is okay
what kind of move come on don't be so
naive
look all the men walked around right
even the worst thing ever made no
nothing I was from your setup oh yeah
exacting way cringing oh sure no like
that didn't seem like it was played that
like he doesn't seem to be the butt of
the joke it's weird that you're recently
the only joke here is that he's gay I I
guess I don't even see that I don't
that's the only thing there that's a
joke but I don't even read a joke is
what I'm saying like that's just the
mission it's weird that your mission is
fine too hot dead dudes yeah Lloyd Pete
says I don't know gay man wants to make
a gay porn seems fine to me yeah I don't
I don't think they're going for a joke
yeah yeah you don't think they're going
for a joke I'm not seeing it in with the
over-the-top performance that see to me
like that wasn't like that wasn't
flaming that wasn't a flaming over the
top of France I would dare I say I call
that restraint yeah obviously it's a
ridiculous premise that he's making a
gay zombie porn yeah but no I don't
think that's our job I don't think
that's over-the-top at all and once
again I'm not saying they shouldn't be
able to say these things just me when I
personally watching this yeah yeah I'll
tap me back but what are you eating at
that's the question the impression I get
is they're just making fun of gay people
it's the oppression I get sure and I
mean they could be I guess I didn't read
it that way but they could be
people still make fun of trans people
though that's later in the game oh yeah
that happens later in the game which
that's awkward and you know I guess I
was I was expecting something way more
over-the-top big back big black Silvio's
has Jack the problem is that
historically gay people have been
portrayed as insatiable perverts and
that is furthering that roast area thank
you okay I can see that okay I can see
that and so they're you know like
they're not talking about making you
know just a straight pornography it has
to be a gay porn right with zombies
because the the gay people are perverts
oh yeah oh go get with that felt Adam
Sandler ish yes okay that's fair I'll be
with you
it's fine to be illegally infected they
don't have just they don't have chips
the tracking chips yeah you know the
life-saving medicine will the illegally
infected are people who didn't get the
chips all right where are we're coming
here to do anonymous says today is my
birthday and while there are better ways
to spend it being with you guys is okay
too
thanks for the years of content PS how
often do you check the PIO Box twice a
week sometimes once but twice at least
once or twice a week yeah okay try to
make it twice
sure guys got a lot of crap what do they
send oh they didn't tell you what this
image is going wrong from you check it
because I'm sure they sent some crap and
they want to make sure that you got the
craft at this end okay
all the crap has gotten yeah mr. Parrish
we'll just don't send it
perishable animal hog don't send animals
in the mail hot dogs
they're probably not and don't send hot
dogs either absolutely
I like it football Saunders yeah that's
fun
no lame saying there is not an unless
you just don't send animals in the mail
I'm I'm pretty sure you'll get in
trouble
stink up RPO box so there's many many
reasons not to send animals
which I thought you liked PC better than
X oh I get it
I'm sorry I get it I thought you liked
PC better than Xbox at least it's not
bad it's not bad it's just I didn't read
it correctly inside I messed up your
joke and I'm really sorry I got it so
word
sister Ling says why rich why Jack do
you know why nobody knows why it's fine
science is a thing
true dat dad people some people insist
they know why
yeah that's why religion is a thing
and some people insist that there is
knowing there is no knowing why and
that's why nihilism so that's the
purpose you can't and I'll go fuck
yourself yeah yeah what's wrong with
milk again I got things you man okay
I'm busy Mel I don't wanna be playing
this all night
all right there you go this isn't I'm
gonna go I'm some kind of amazing
perfect run yeah
Jack ranked these kinds of tacos pork
chicken steak fish pork number one
chicken number two steak number three
faced him before pork tacos are the best
carne asada tacos the taco to rule them
all pork is one of the greatest meats
ever invented whoever was that first
that first person to just rip a chunk of
flesh out of a pig and throw it on a
fire that person is king did it you did
it man
pork was not invented pigs weren't
invented the idea to eat you know eat
pigs was invented we we had to figure
out we could eat him and you know cook
them in certain ways that was invented
does rich know there is a dead rising
movie starring Rob Riggle as Frank's
last cameo and I don't know that's more
joke Frank West than real Frank West's
okay and I tried watching it's not
crackle okay I've made for crackle
bizarrely I think and there was such a
comical amount of add that couldn't
finish watching it no it was all right
but it was literally every minute there
was a five-minute ad and just fuck this
one of those I got shit to do yeah I'm
with you
riggles Frank West is akin to Frank West
for Dead Rising for Maggie says stupid
things well look at all these stupid
things is saying rob riggle is the
comedian's oh my god I know
all right let's see here sighs Sperling
says it's pronounced Seiberling and i'm
not just the hair club president I'm
also a client
sighs Sperling not sister alone as we
constantly call them sighs you saying I
know Seiberling is house it felt CYS I'm
almost sure I would have said that right
yeah yeah then it's just me I'm sure I
was saying sister it's all fine okay
what's size for the Hair Club for Men
guy oh oh
I'm sighs you let me see Annie what's
what's the danger here if you can't be
termed being eaten the life like even
having a view even if you can't get
infected with the parasites you could
still be torn limb from limb generally
zombies you know don't play nice with
their food
does he say Annie are you okay oh my god
Amy are you okay that lion is probably
in her somewhere I'd right wasn't
looking out for it yeah it's gonna be
the first thing this is the first lamb
yeah Jack gets it and here you go
are you a friend or foe
I get it
came here to rat me out to that guy who
said he won't get a chance to see round
here we exterminate rats what different
team than the others I think for all
practical intents and purposes one was
made by Capcom two was firmed out to
some kind of Canadian dev team but it's
still led by kg and foon a okay and then
Capcom bought the Canadian dev team
renamed them kg and Finnick was not in
charge this and I don't know how many of
the actual sames people worked on this
that worked on - gotcha so the same name
mated but it could have been a
completely different team it could have
been the head guy was certainly
different blue castle studio then Capcom
bought them and called them Capcom
Vancouver those made by Capcom Vancouver
Vancouver that's where they shoot
everything yep that's where they make
all not oh not just taxes like taxes are
a big reason but also it's it's a good
you need mountains you need deserts you
need cities you need suburbs they have
fucking everything so generally speaking
any city you see in a movie you're about
80% likely to just see Vancouver and
like a whole industry has grown up there
just to meet every single needs for
their giant film productions that happen
in Vancouver now
yep
zombies zombie zombie zombie oh it's no
se all right P I don't know if you cover
stuff but she just died yeah that would
be the lead singer of the zombies not
the zombies The Cranberries the name of
the band you'll have to let it linger
but uh I don't know what her name is
that girl from the cranberry that girl
from the cranberries she died and she
didn't you just died recently very
recent yeah okay yeah like a month ago a
month were go Dolores Oh reader on rye
or Dan I'm gonna I'm butchering that
name
I'm not respecting the dead at all I'm
butchering their name
she's you know they look this and they
have some hits that water's mostly that
one had a bit more - yeah ed linger to
linger was an alright song zombie was
huge obviously zombies were thick that's
it bill was before zombies
so you know the songs just good photos
it was it was about like jump was about
like the Irish nationalist right zombies
right it was she was like the IRA yeah
yeah they were like an IRA punk band
talking about Irish nationalist rights
were they just coming out against the
violence zombie wasn't about the IRA
being cunts I think they were Pro IRA
you sure about that
ah why I want to say yes but no I'm not
sure about that I I had always assumed
they were wait what's the IRA that's
Terrace troop Gary is a terrorist group
yeah oh well then they're anti that I'm
sure I don't
I thought the IRA was the Irish
nationalist movement who also bombed
things
oh I get it now I get it now the IRA are
the bad guys okay
that's how little I know about what's
happening in Irish politics well fuck me
Oh
she's I'm not from it's not from Ireland
I'm not from anywhere in Europe I don't
know your national politics and I
apologize in advance I saw The
Cranberries sang a song once and it was
zombie and linger and that's all I know
about that and that she died recently
that's that's the extent of my
cranberries knowledge and I think I
remember seeing the letters IRA in the
music video once and so I guess I just
assumed you assumed yes and it happens
often
my car get blowed up No
did you do your thing that you were
supposed to do yeah listen didn't take
for some reason yeah yeah I did the
thing right you got it
let's see here Sean Sam Oh Noah says for
what it's worth rich this game is
entirely unrecognizable as a Dead Rising
game my love for you guys is the only
thing keeping me from dooming it up
tonight that and our very serious Irish
nationalist stuff that's what keeps
people coming back is our deep
understanding of other country's
political movements very sorry talk
about shit tonight
talk about it
what is happening
what is happening let's see what we got
here doctor lube it up to the nostril so
sluggish you haven't changed a
sensitivity yet i have the same mouse at
home and it feels great but in game
betting should all be the same well in
game have the cloud the settings are all
the same are they no are the settings
the same on the mouse here like there's
a mouse driver where you have to also
obtain these sensitivity no the zombies
didn't have guns they're rich is now
fighting the the soldier guys yeah the
army soldier guys have guns they're
zombies that shoot guns but their aim
that's just not existent they just have
the guns in their hand and that's cute
really like that yeah that's fun the
rigor mortis has set in so they can't
let go of the gun that's great they
still kind of understand what a gun is
but they don't quite get it sure sure
sure
let's see doctor little bit up says

[Part II]
sure sure
let's see the doctor lube it up says
speaking of diets I'm now hovering
between 90 and 92 kilo grams which is a
198 202 pounds and I'm back on my
original belt lock from over a decade
ago fizzy water has been a big help in
kicking the soft drink and booze
absolutely man you get it's a nice
calorie free fizzy water sparkling water
just really scratches that carbonation
ish yeah so does a killer
so does an absolute killer here worse
arguably a lot of sugar do they like
just don't drink Lacroix it tastes like
asshole juice there's some fine flavors
but then I've been hearing talk of even
better stuff using better stuff out
there it's called Schweppes get my hands
on some of that
maybe these zombie zombies they still
have their machine guns in their hands
that's great
none of them are shooting it right now
we're just a shame yeah yeah they'll
just stand there and the gun will be
just going off and gonna be gone wild so
won't you it's a cute touch yeah it's
great that's really funny
where's the other mouse the other ma'am
it's in your lap whoa
let's see here the the cringe inator
says hey rich yeah you are put in charge
of a Dead Rising film you're put in
charge okay and and you really want all
the money they're gonna give that's your
motivation they're gonna give you lots
of money
but the higher-ups demanded be based on
2 over 1 to differentiate from Dawn of
the Dead who would you see cast and
which Psychopaths do you put in you get
any dumb hunk of flesh to be Chuck green
sure all right you know what no I might
I might change his character bed any
dumb before I get what's the face we're
just talking about hopper from stranger
things okay
all right he's your dad who wants to
rescue his childhood he doesn't have to
be a motocross guy I can change things
yeah yes I'm in fucking charge
absolutely he's the guy that cares about
his daughter oh by the way love it yeah
I'm in yeah I mean now whoa now give me
give me some we need at least three
Psychopaths what one one is our action
opener that he's got a fight you need
action opener you you keep Liam because
you introduced him early okay he's in
there you keep slappy because that's
just a good visual yeah
then you need you know plot wise you
need Sullivan and TK okay okay so if I
if you didn't limit me to a number of
Psychopaths if I had four this is the
form yeah yeah no I think that's fair
well and you know slappy could make a
nice second act turn the lowest point
because you know like maybe maybe he
finds his daughter and and he has to
like kill slappy in front of his
daughter and he has to make that choice
no the action opening it's Leon
because you you open it like the game
did where you're in the zombie arena you
do that and you also get an action scene
but before the actual plot starts
absolutely yeah what you need you need
that hook right set up the world you
know like take that action beat to set
up the world set up your characters he's
doing it for his daughter just like the
game did watch my daughter for me while
I get in there you do the dumb action
thing absolutely hopper would be great
give the character a little life we
thought we already know he can handle my
kids are in trouble like that's the
thing he's known for is caring about the
kids
slappy would be a would be a great mid
movie iconic yeah death yeah sequence
yeah yeah yeah that'd be great
rides itself folks riches in charge
Oh
anybody in here that writes itself it
really does it's it's it's great easy
peasy Jim Carrey is slappy no you get I
hate describing him this way the fat one
from 21 Jump Street Jonah Hill Jonah
Hill you get Jonah Hill slappy I don't
think he's that fat anymore I think he
lost much weight
okay that's fine yeah Jonah Hill is
flappy yes no Adam well we're talking
about Dead Rising 2
that's mine you took all this from these
people do you have to seize the
opportunity the free market
what
Jesus Christ so who you fighting here
you got to find the one who's the real
one and not the hallucination right
what urgent I'm playing Dead Rising 2
where do I find the underwear for the
slave to fashion sidequest put your
guide arrow on the mission slave to
fashion the guide arrow will take you
right to a pair of underwear you can use
there you go
this is creepy yeah like it
he gets himself in to destroy his organ
donor organs that he's been collecting
and that's how you find the real one
so there are other people besides that
girl or I'll dismiss other people's
besides they can actually die yeah
oh I got lucky I got real lucky yeah
yeah I like this fight this is
interesting
a little creep factor this is what this
is what would be in your sequel to Dead
Rising this is this would be a nice
little sequence yeah in Dead Rising 2
which takes you know cues from Dead
Rising 3 after after yours the smash
success of Dead Rising 1 which take its
food from Dead Rising 2 why doesn't he
kill you while you pass out because game
oh Jesus cries that's horrifying yeah
that's great that's great I love that
well you saved the Biddy so that's good
yeah
hey Biddy she's the only one you can
recruit I guess I don't even close for
that is an actual recruitment it's not
an escort though you can even have
people tag along mm-hmm
you don't need to bring them anywhere
let's tag along until they die or go
away on their own
let's be the other supply let's burn
that shit up
Oh acid jar oh you just recruited her
and now you're burning the shit out of
her
yeah she'll be fine take a gun oh oh
she's she's Russian yeah I keep this
very nice they give everyone voices
which is nice yeah
whoa settle down
doo doo doo doo doo
all right what do we got here
our femenino 12 says ever rot watch
robot co-op on YouTube seems right up
your guys is alley very funny
I love the stream robot co-op no I have
no idea what you're talking about
sorry I'd apologize but I'm not sorry I
mean it seems to be something that's
important to them and I don't want to
make it seem like I'm dismissing you or
the things you like I just have not
heard of this thing there's a lot of
media to consume there's left
in the world and we just can't possibly
watch it all Joe Kinney 0:01 says hey
guys what do you think of the upcoming
twitch Terms of Service I don't know
what they are I think I've heard that
they are changing things up I know they
are they are pushing right now in beta
some more some more video producer
centric updates which I'm very excited
about and anyone who's overly worried
about you know YouTube monopolizing the
video streaming world should be excited
about because it's twitch kind of saying
hey we're doing our own thing for video
producers
they can ban you for things you say off
twitch sure they've become horrible yeah
hello YouTube
how you doing YouTube hey you got a
stream and you got a streaming youtube
thing hey is that a ship over there
let's just hop on over to that one right
oh yeah
valuable time but I could be wasting
elsewhere
I'd be fine I'm sure it'll be fine rich
richer and richer I have done anything
right that has you know garnered any
sort of controversial attention I've
never grabbed them by the pussy nope
no I'm really you know worked out well
for him so that's not even though that's
not your fine anymore right even even if
a tape comes out of you saying that heck
that's a that's a promotion nowadays so
you know I think we're gonna be fine
we're not generally controversial
figures so I'm not necessarily worried
but I understand why they're doing this
they have their own brand to protect
so it probably won't affect us and if it
does hello YouTube
yeah yeah basically it's just that easy
just that easy
and beef geckos and banned on Twitch in
three it's possible it's very possible
which will still see you next we'll see
you know see a Wednesday yeah that's the
thing we can pivot we can pivot and
that's you know it's an important thing
to remember is that it's something you
know we talked about you know whatever
when everyone and you almost made it
back up you almost it's it's something
very similar that we talked about during
like when everyone complains about the
YouTube Mountains which is like can you
get on this you get on that alright good
nice you have to understand that when
your entire life is centered around a
product or a service that you don't have
any control over we need to make sure
that you are ready to pivot at any
moment and YouTube could shut down
tomorrow twitch you know Jeff Bezos
could be like ah we're making more money
selling ham and delivering it to people
shut that twitch thing down and boom
it's gone and we don't have necessarily
any control over that so you need to be
agile what I built that up two things
in second that's amazing it is amazing
it's downright unbelievable
that's semi that's ridiculous just
ruined my immersion into this game
ham shipping is a lucrative market I
know yeah I know it is
I get the DS in mechanic but come on it
says Dukey sandwich yeah ah that game
shrugs that's it it was just very silly
to see in real-time there
and I think you know dr. smoke trees I
think you're you're correct when you say
no reasonable person has anything to
worry about
I think any anyone who's really worried
about this is the type of person who
wants that controversy in order to get
views and might be pushing the envelope
which things about hate speech not bad
words the problem is one of you need
that you really define what you mean you
can stretch hate speech to mean just
something somebody said that you don't
agree with you can you can you can make
that stretch if you really wanted to and
I don't like I don't like vagaries I
think that's a that's a bit of a stretch
like hate speech is different than just
saying something mean though you know
they're not cracking down on people who
are just really
you now have a fire sword all right I'm
okay okay and I get in the car get in
the get in the car
thank you look Musti go which one is
that way I've got a fairly decent
survivor out of it we're gonna do it
I think I'm good on time sure
sure went
to make a joke
yeah oh by the way yeah do you have to
make the job
there's some good conversation happen
I'm just gonna let that be no I actually
do there's nice back and forth and I
like it you guys just keep going you
guys just keep anonymous says just
finished Star Trek Voyager that finale
what a fucking garbage fire yeah yeah
that's yeah
trying to ape all good things but we
don't see them getting to earth that
being said for all its annoyances
Neelix had a nice goodbye yeah but like
three episodes earlier they couldn't
afford the make up to the final four
yeah and that was it that was a dumpster
that was it that wasn't even a dumpster
on fire that was that was a dumpster
like filled with sludge it was awful
that that boy had your finale I mean
stupid yeah I was about to say
I could use the extra firepower for the
main mission but it's fine not any real
danger in this game okay I haven't I
know you're playing on nightmare
difficulty but I don't know if I've ever
seen drop like more than one health bar
happened I haven't had any scary moments
though sure really
get your butt over here maybe you could
help her and a flare gun and a handgun
okay that makes me this thing what that
makes perfect sense that makes
absolutely perfect sense right
yep there she is totally normally
dressed person who was on TV earlier
dressed like that I know I know oh Jesus
yeah so they're not even they're not
even like beings they're not even trying
to pretend they're being subtle anymore
like I said it's like she's Michael Bay
Michael babe you made a Dead Rising game
a little too late there buddy
this is horrible
yeah this is horrible yeah
don't walk right in front of a bullet
I think someone's about to shoot me wake
up wake up look sit here um
reishi V receive buns says rewatching
huh receive ins says rewatching the best
of the worst a thunderpants episode and
you say it doesn't deserve to be on the
show are there any other films that you
felt were too well made to be considered
extra so bad as funny perhaps extra yeah
extra was definitely up there
where it was just a little too good
obviously it was a b-movie you know like
it was a cheap movie but it was just too
good I don't know if there have been any
other ones that we just you know liked
so much as movies
Oh Anna Anna J would probably consider
robot Jack's to be up there as a to good
movie I thought it fit in rather nicely
to who it's the best of the worst but no
you're hunter from the future definitely
should be on best of the wars that
perfect b-movie schlock
chopping balls perfect
thunderpants I still have yet to see
Thunder pants I need to get a copy of
that so my boys can want to do with my
underpants yeah
fart movie with fart movie I still have
not seen it they need to steal the copy
from here I should do that before I
leave
steal Thunder crash OH - the boys write
a direction it's not like there's be any
evidence if you haven't done this No
so hey don't chat don't tell anyone I'm
gonna take the copy of thunder pants
from the studio
Schieffer goodnight
oh I think seemed like I was taking a
while yeah maybe we crashed now don't
tell micro J I'm gonna take a copy of
Thunder pants home and watch it and then
I'm gonna return it and pretend like I
never took it not like it matters
because I take movies from here all the
time and then return nightmare this is
nightmare difficulty up cute
she never stops being a horrible
character she never stops her dying her
dying breath she is she is reinforcing
her horrible character decisions yeah
yeah that was cute you know the boobs is
like a as a an air bag yeah that's fine
that's you know that's all within the
realm of schlock but her her orgasm
one-liner as she dies that's that was a
little too much just a little just it
was just like that was just the ride in
a long line of what was acceptable
zombies around Trevor Trevor no fuckers
yeah
let's Trevor ever done for me
nothing I tell you will he do anything
for you no I'm fucking
have I heard about cyberpunk 2077 did
they put all your creds next game set in
punk rock knight City I've heard of it
in name only I haven't seen any any art
or any development from it but after my
enjoyment of Witcher 3 I'm looking
forward to it those people get trapped
in here what you're trying I'm trying to
get the car out of this area there's a
roadblock ahead of me
oh that's gonna
but I've heard the name and I know
they're working on another big I'm
curious about it a big title yeah seems
neat if we can get a Witcher but set in
a cyberpunk setting that could be super
cool
just like invested or swear all
wondering when the rape starts in Dead
Rising 3 you missed it it happened like
two hours ago that was one of the first
boss battles was a biker gang took our
lady friend
oh you're assuming that's the only oh is
there more
there's like 8 rapes in this really
Michael Bay
that's very Michael Wow shunk on wait
when they're wrong what they're men
nevermind nevermind nevermind
everything's fine everything's fine
nevermind everything's fine everything's
fine should have done something else
first but I'm already here now and we're
good everything's fine
nevermind everything's fine we took care
of that thing
West world's rich have you seen any
Westworld not super fucking good man no
no you're not happy about that everyone
there's there's a lot of things I'm not
happy about that you have not seen
that's one of them that's I mean it's
good that's super one of them that's not
super one of them Oh West world
no no West woods very good and I think
you should see it because it's very good
yeah I'm super upset that you haven't
seen a rival yeah I know that that one I
think you should see cuz I think you
would enjoy it not because not because
like it's it's like it's an experience
than every movie goer but I just like I
think you would like I think you should
watch the expanse the TV show because I
think you would enjoy you know those are
ones where it's like that's super
must-see West world is just a very good
show
soapbox or I think you're absolutely
wrong I think could be the end of
arrival once once everything starts
coming together it's just just absolute
perfection
it's a nice really out there sci-fi
concept that they absolutely rifles one
of those sci-fi concepts that's actually
hard you know like hard to wrap your
head around purposely because they're
weirdo sci-fi how do I think of Dark
Knight Jack the Nolan movie or the book
the Nolan movie is very good it's a very
good Batman movie mostly because it's
the only Batman movie where Batman kind
of acts like Batman and does detective
work in the movie and and obviously the
Joker is fantastic and it seems like it
actually has it seems like a Batman
movie with a with an actual thesis
statement like it has something it wants
to say about Batman as a character and
so it's nice it's a good movie I really
like the dark name Batman is the
flattest character in The Dark Knight
yes and I'm okay with that and I'm
absolutely okay with that that has been
the worst character in every Batman
movie every single one this is not news
well you know it sometimes in hero
movies you're not necessarily looking
for the hero to be the greatest
character sometimes their steadfast
admits in the face of adversity is what
you know defines their character Batman
yeah absolutely absolutely everyone
likes him
is there anything Batman is bad at
now he's the best technology he's a
super kung fu karate he climbs all the
walls he drives the coolest cars and he
builds the cool cars that it drives you
fuckers Batman you know the one thing
Batman is bad at all the huh
I can't take credit for this because
that's a teacher
Batman's bad at having parents
I try to find it I got try fine
who said that
that was a Modest glottis who said
Batman is bad at having parents that's a
great joke I'm glad that you're making
efforts to give proper credit
we're just do high praise no this is an
important thing I think that's an
important thing I absolutely agree
sorry it took me so long modest glottis
the the chat Scrolls very fast I'm gonna
leave Troy behind yeah I mean yeah yeah
I got a virus
hey wait hahahaha are you coming back
for them no I'm not oh wait am I gotta
go that way anyway I might know not what
he already I got a message you went to
the safe zone oh wow
well I get you saved him so that's yeah
yeah that's great
oh yeah and chat we've talked about that
a few times Batman could could easily
with the amount of money that he
supposedly has in this cannon or that
cannon Batman could easily do more stop
crime as a philanthropist than by
punching Bank robbed it's not a well man
no no he just likes punching people and
this is what gives him a excuse to punch
people
Batman is equal to at least three Elon
Musk's yes yep all right
Elon Musk is getting there though like
he now Elon Musk now has his own rockets
he has his own cool badass cars
he's building a tunneling system right
should men be that rich was it his
father just a fucking doctor was he I
don't know oh you know it's it's one of
those rules it's like it's like Superman
with his stupid-ass powers right yeah
it's just one of those escalation things
where he like oh he was this rich but
now he's got to be this right - now he's
equation over time yeah of course and
now he's a gazillionaire and he has all
the money all the time
no but Elon Musk
so Elon Musk has cool cars that he
builds yeah he has a rocket that can
take him into outer space he's digging a
giant tunnel where he could easily build
a Batcave into like Elon Musk is working
to be Batman you guys don't like how
dark and realistic DC movie looks
contradict this somewhere oh because we
don't like the dark and realistic we
can't also enjoy the dark night current
DC is just like howdy for one for what
here's the difference cut this cut does
some important things absolutely the
dark and gritty thing yeah it's far more
appropriate for Batman than it is
Superman boom which is largely what we
were bitching about absolutely with the
Justice League and the Man of Steel
that's the first point
that's the second point I would argue
that you're Zack Snyder style is far
more stylized Ultra D saturated gritty
miserable whereas in the Dark Knight
Nolan was going more for just something
that was actually realistic tangible
tangible yes yeah
the dark night well I like is only dark
because it is more a more realistic take
on it I do think that that led to
Snyder's awful version of dark and
realistic it's like it's like you take
Nolan and you crank it up to 11 right
that's what Schneider is you add the
unrealistic to the realistic frame yeah
it's terrible it's absolutely terrible
dark night was dark Oh
darkest let the dark is never better
I'll do it with Superman that'll make
Superman popular yeah we'll make it even
darker will make Superman even job
that's gonna be so dark
oh and also like even though I think the
Dark Knight is a very good movie that
doesn't mean I don't have my problems
with it - two-face being in there was a
little unnecessary he it's still
Christian Bale doing his awful Batman
voice which is the worst it's just the
worst it's the worst there are there are
legitimate problems with it just wasn't
broken on the edges okay it's still with
me
Maggie Gyllenhaal absolutely Maggie
Gyllenhaal is either going for something
or phoning it in I think in general
she's a really good actress Maggie
Gyllenhaal and she is not bringing her
a-game to that character but also that
character has nothing the character of
Rachel like define what her goals in the
movie are love interests love it right
she is a nothing character she's
absolutely goddamn nothing Rachel
hazel we still have to do Batman the
Animated Series
Nolan eyes we so need to sit down and do
that oh we know what we found the
episode right heart of ice was it no not
heart of ice it was the uh-oh what did
we find we found it we found the
appropriate episode yeah okay okay just
enough along with the the the priest and
the brother or the precepts atop stir
yeah yeah that's perfect that's a
perfect
in Batman Begins bales voices more for
whisper than a growl no I think it's
actually I think it might be worse and
begins because then the most attractive
way job you need to be safe it is
marvelous but but I think it was
why-why-why Jack did anybody and any
point in the production I think that
that voice was a good idea oh how did
that happen because Christian Bale is an
arty farty fuck and so is Christopher
Nolan right and so bale and Nolan we're
talking about like the character of
Batman and Christian Bale was able to
convince Nolan that this was a good idea
he's charismatic dude right and I
already party fucking he's like I'm
trying to you know like Batman is is
like the demon of Bruce Wayne don't you
understand
Batman is the reality of Bruce Wayne
he's the Beast and I'm trying to bring
out that beast and no one was like I
love it it's amazing Christian Batman is
what was left after the mugging that
that's what Batman is Batman is is is
the feral the guttural interpretation of
Bruce Wayne and that's what I'm trying
to bring this is me pretending to be
fish your bet and no it's like I love it
might I think it's beautiful let's have
some tea and biscuits and we'll make it
a Batman Kevin Kevin Conroy was smart
enough to realize that Batman was the
real voice Batman was the sincere voice
yes with with
kevin conroy is also a brilliant voice
actor who was able to do two voices that
were the same man that sounded
completely different without resorting
to growling that like like if you watch
the animated series Batman and Bruce are
so different but they come from the same
management beautiful the Dark Knight is
a great movie yeah it's a great movie to
Kreitman but it's a great movie despite
Christian Bale
despite Christian bells best efforts to
take that movie and throw the fucking
dumpster it's a really good movie I like
the dark night lion darden that Dark
Knight is a very good movie but yeah
it's got its plus it's the Heath Ledger
show Jack Jack dress I agree Heath
Ledger elevates it absolutely
rich did you ever get the kills 72,000
zombies achievement and dead rising soon
that question 8,000 times I don't know
why you care so much
it's weird thing to keep asking me if I
don't know no I usually don't care about
achievements okay there girl and that
seems like really tedious to get hmm so
I have never gotten that one
I miss fun Superman me too killer P that
that that uh the wonderful DC Animated
universe of the 90s that's that's my
Batman that's my Superman those are the
versions of those characters I love
Clark Kent who still had both of his
parents and was just a good guy all the
time
trying to trying to be there to help
everyone he could that was the best
Superman
where's the other guy what's whatever
guys that sucks
did you ever die I'm just lost
shut up hole Michael Bay made a Dead
Rising game yeah I mean that is the most
accurate statement you have ever said
tonight and it keeps getting more
accurate as the game goes on you haven't
seen the heavy I know it's shocking you
haven't seen the half of it it's
shocking it's shocking how shocking this
is Oh be draw I don't mind you asking me
about it I just I just never bothered
getting the achievement so are you gonna
untie the hole or what you got a kill
big deal then we rescue candy yeah
that's the smart choice
Big D might have been more help more
help of fighting the zombies but you
can't just leave a late tied up like
that you got to respect your hoes
labeled Big D's gonna well interesting
dude bros before hoes man that ain't how
it works dog sometimes bros her assholes
yeah absolutely
the bros hos debate is a situational for
a situational per row hit a vanam the
camera turned around it's almost made me
literally throw up yeah yeah this gave
us a pretty terrible camera shakey
realistic oh mama vomit-inducing yeah
yeah
no you know I saw enough of someone as
suggesting we watched the batman harley
quinn movie and i saw enough of that to
say no and a little about this other
than its hated yeah why well tell me
tell me what's going on the the little
bit i saw of it is uh the the movie
starts with harley working in a
superhero themed strip club okay and so
it's just gratuitous fanservice Wow i
know and i saw that i was like you know
i just i just don't want to feel that
sleazy today where it comes disappearing
from atari these guns her i had two of
them and it just vanished one him no
reason i don't know why when he took Big
D's gun did you lose one another gun
yeah but it's just oh maybe I left
behind ass fine you know I got shit to
do yeah I can't go back for one gun
I hate Harlequin as a character harley
doesn't really have a character you know
that's fair she was fine as the Joker
sidekick yep yep I like her shtick the
smart doctor lady event you know
eventually corrupted by the Joker that's
a fun shtick I'd say there's there's a
way that could be done very well I maybe
I would just argue that they haven't
necessarily done it super well seems
like these days she's just super slut
yeah she's just she's just boobs on
parade yeah and that's not what her
thing is get in the car
I'm on it get up Anna thank you
our Harley is at her best when she's
playing Felmy and Louise with poison eye
I could see that being a lot of fun
and whenever she has to have a little
getaway from mr. J cuz he ain't treating
her quite right yeah she goes with
poison ivy has a little fun yeah
Oh pastor just found this car that's it
just found this car I gotta go only
do you sandwich that might be its own
ongoing comic series Harley and poison
I would only imagine that that would be
a very successful series the poison ivy
and Harley Quinn team of the book yeah
that would be the most bought thing ever
so take a look at your store I bet it
exists
stay near me we're almost at the place
I swear there was an issue where they
started in a hot tub yeah no I'm sure
it's an ongoing series and they try to
I'm sure it started as just like lesbian
innuendo and now I'm sure they're
full-blown like just in a relationship
is the deal that poison ivy likes her
like that and and hardly doesn't get it
I think that was the definition yeah
or Harley swung both ways perhaps it's
funnier she just doesn't keep clue in on
that oh yeah that's where you get it
comedy yeah agreed but you can't that
can't last forever
it's called Gotham City siren someone
who hasn't been blocked by Jack let him
know you ain't blocked
oh my god little maid the scam was it
was it Michael Bay good Michael Bay
maybe I know the only thing that the
only thing that doesn't jive well with
Michael Bay in this game is he usually
has a military fetish the military's the
good guys in there the day yeah yeah all
the best
everything all the time in the video
you're right about that that's the only
thing that doesn't drive everything else
is oh my god her power she pukes on you
No
it's not like I dislike it it's you know
it is horrifying and wonderful in that
horrifying way this is crazy fat Ethel
right here
we loved crazy fat Ethel right right but
uh you know killing somebody with a
spark that's a joke of course yeah it's
great it's great
yeah
and everyone trips on our puke and you
defeated her by shoving hotdogs down her
throat oh god oh god it's getting worse
if it ends on a pull my finger okay
oh fuck that was genuinely disturbing
genuinely disturbing that was great that
was just great tone-deaf is all hell but
beautiful oh my god keep it classy
Capcom absence it's too late for that
yeah oh that one right out the window at
this point they got to edge lord it up
and just try to go as as tasteless as
possible
how's injustice - looking now jack oh no
it's fine he's fine it's fun you know
fun to see the weirdness got it gotta
see the weird show I thought it was
gonna end with a poem my finger and then
she exploded because of a big farty fart
but it ended in her needing to you know
purge and you know choking on her own
vomit it's great I might I might start
ignoring all side missions that aren't
related to a boss at this point yeah
yeah well I want to try and speed
through the rest of this I think I'm
about halfway through and I've been I've
been doing a lot of the side missions
how long
that way how are we up timing my my
keyboard doesn't work on this stupid
thing little over three hours okay okay
well you can go whenever I'll probably I
might do stay late if I think I'm gonna
be close
oh okay I don't know I don't know I
think it's constantly trying to explode
something that's not exploding did it it
purged it
well Syd will see where I'm at it at the
time you feel like ending it oh sure
sure oh yeah if you think you can finish
it why not then you'll have the whole
series finished right yes the whole
series there's only three dinner prizes
that's true I don't think I've ever seen
Jack so horrified I liked it you know it
was that was a beautiful horrifying
tasteless and tone-deaf but beautiful
yep yeah the fat lady who wants to
protect her buffet no matter what I'm
halfway through oh that's great so three
hours in halfway through which gives
this game of pass look I'm not saying I
love this right I don't think this is
any this doesn't even come close to
touching Dead Rising 2 which I don't
think is as good as dead Rising 1
seems kind of dumb compared to the first
two oh my god so much dumber now it's a
Michael Bay movie now in a Michael Bay
movie the the military need to be the
good guys they need to be the heroes the
big heroes that that use their awesome
big guns to save the day all their tanks
and their fucking guns oh the military
guns fuck yeah
the military has to be the good guys
yeah all the time Michael Bay loves the
military
shoot all the missiles keep mission I'm
not gonna do it anything you want to and
you know if you want like this guy who's
keeping a zombie family in an empty pool
oh and he wants to feed them well you
know like if you if we want to go normal
times today and you finish it on
Wednesday we might we might do that we
might do that if you like this we'll see
how far I mad
it's got farm at by the time it's it's
time to call it how do you think Denny's
given the new I don't know how to
pronounce his last name will tackle Doon
masterfully he said he's a great
director I love all of his movies he's
the guy that did a rifle and he did the
new played Runner and he did Sicario and
he is he's a great director so he will
handle Doon masterfully cuz that's how
he handles all of his fucking movies
we are know who we are no rules that I
present
I didn't see prisoners
you think if we cure michael bay's
obvious erectile dysfunction he'd start
making classy art films no I think he
tried to make a classy art film with
pain and game yep yep that was his that
was his attempt version as an art film
and by the way not the worst thing in
the world you know like it's very
Michael babe but that was his attempt at
at making an art film I think if we
cured his erectile dysfunction he might
just go back to making good old action
schlock he used to make good action SH
why
giant robots make the money I know and
they let him play with bigger toys man
the rock bad boys 1 & 2 brilliant movies
the rock Dwayne Johnson from painting
games also brilliant then I go that far
jack well it's ice I'll use brilliant
very loosely with panel game you know I
think it's exactly the movie he wanted
to make in the statement he wanted to
make his attempt at making the wolf of
Wall Street
yes yeah by the way watch those two
movies back to back I kind of did watch
them at around the same time oh yeah
yeah oh it's yeah quite back-to-back but
like the same week I think I just saw
the bulb it's it's a great insight into
what Michael Bay thinks of himself as a
film editor that's why I call it
brilliant yes Goliath oh seven Goliath
oh seven says pain and gain was so
annoying in its trivialization of true
events welcome to Michael Bay you know
the best part pain and game wasn't when
they stopped to explain the joke
remember in that movie when they would
keep stopping to explain the joke like
in text on the screen this is a real
thing that happened to real people isn't
that funny right
because because that butt is so the
other reason that you know like I will
say that it's brilliant is it's a
perfect insight into what Michael Bay
thinks of his audience Michael Bay
absolutely believes that his audience is
so dumb they won't even get the movie
that he's making
and so he stops his movie to make his
own case instead of just building that
into the movie he's so worried that his
idiot audience won't get it
that he needs to shove more explanation
and it's it's like I said it's it's a
great insight into Michael Bay as a
director
it's why every one of his Transformers
movies he's dumber than though than the
one before it he thinks his audience is
a bunch of idiots oh listen the rock bad
boys bad boys - I will defend those
movies until the day I die as a
wonderful action schlock wonderful
action schlock you're asking about that
rape all that rape I don't know did we
get there
me not looking at anything years maybe a
little
oh Jesus oh you will be you start being
a little bit more obedient if you don't
listen
how is this getting more Michael Bay
this is a never-ending peak this is
amazing and it's like it's handled in
such a like horrifying manner you can't
even call it like Fonda schlock because
it's just so horrifying it's raising the
bar on babe
so you actually have to do a pole dance
you don't have to it's a good way to get
easy damage on them but if you do a pole
dance
he prematurely uses his his flamethrower
so you can get a couple hits on them
that's great
my oh my we get we get every good we get
the gentle we get the Jim we get it we
get Joe Connelly that was your testicles
it's at level 50 it's hard not to get at
level 50 in this game I found the
exploit on my own by accident my first
three hours playing this game did did
that say what I think it said what is it
untie who Julia your name chat did you
read that who that said to untie I want
I want to what you think it said and
never mind you know what never mind you
know
untie survivor okay that's what it said
yes okay that's not what I thought it
said do I want to know um I I don't want
to know you might not want to know but
I'm gonna say it anyway
no you know what no let's let's not say
what I thought it was I I just don't
want that audio clip of me floating
around there okay
we're just we're just gonna okay we're
just gonna leave it that's an untie
survivor thought it said a different
multisyllabic word Multi Slavic word
yeah so a little polish
ah goddamn jack is lame jack knows that
you people like to take the things we
say and mash them into other things that
are out of our control so I'm being very
careful about what I say live Jack is
wise in that regard tonight
sometimes I'm not so wise but tonight I
added tonight for a reason I made a
mature choice yes
I don't yeah that you guys are just
talking talking about the new twitch
Terms of Service like that I want to say
anything
did you do let's see here nope we did
that one pop excuse me pop pan says hey
you frauds rich I stayed awake until 6
a.m. in my timezone to watch the full
dead rising to run thanks for that
you're welcome good luck perfect 100%
complete no death run amazing of both
Dead Rising 1 and Dead Rising 2 yep lie
yeah it's great I don't know that I care
enough about this game to try and do a
perfect run I don't know that that will
ever happen here's but I don't mind
streaming a playthrough I just can't
imagine that that would be much of a
challenge if you put a nightmare mode
where the time is short it might be a
challenge
saving everyone doing a perfect no doubt
yeah yeah I mean so far you're on a
nightmare and it looks like you're not
breaking a sweat
no I'm not
yeah I'm at level 50 but you get the
level 50 so easy it's hard not to be at
150 right right
anonymous says why has there been no
review of the first Christopher Reeve
Superman movie or the whole series no I
don't have a specially strong thigh look
you know I like those movies but I don't
have especially strong thoughts about
them yeah that's not really you know me
I love superhero movies that's not
necessarily my wheelhouse
I like the the awkward ears of the
superhero genre the the superhero movies
of the 90s that's that's my wheelhouse
no hate for the Christopher Reeves one
of course I think I said I thought
you're gonna say Dead Rising I was gonna
say no the first ones available on PC
now but Red Dead Redemption yeah well
might I recommend if you need to play
Red Dead Redemption buying a PlayStation
3 which is considerably more stable
yeah with a new one I may be there if
the new one does well maybe they'll get
a nice HD remaster of the original put
it on PC is the new one coming to PC is
that gonna be a PlayStation 4 exclusive
or you don't know I don't probably
console
get over to the
yes I'm sure they hate their fans that
essentially want them to shoot the ship
for money but what makes you think we
hate our fans no no it's something we
did I'm sure somebody took something I
said - seriously absolutely no I hate
everyone it's because I know I've said
that but I think it's obvious I'm being
hyperbolic it's it's no it's because you
called the PlayStation 3 more stable
than the oh you think that's yeah but it
might be that might be in and that that
xboxone fanboy right there's like you
finally crossed the line you finally did
it
you've said a lot of fucked up shit I
think people don't care that much what
am I saying of course there are course
there are for the record the Xbox 360 is
a steaming pile of horseshit
pets who hasn't find games but you know
I had some more stability issues
all right anomalous says do you think
the higher-ups at DC stopped taking
their meds the ones that make them not
make terrible movies we've had one not
terrible life and it was merely okay so
no I don't think they've stopped because
justice lee was a pile of horseshit that
came out afterwards right though did you
hear the the latest got the latest
Snyder related gossip no I know you
don't necessarily care yeah the the
latest Snyder related gossip is someone
who apparently was like reporting on the
whole situation of him stepping down
from Justice League is now saying like
now that enough time has passed everyone
was being really sensitive because of
course you know his daughter Zack
Snyder's daughter just committed suicide
and he was taking some time off from the
movie the killing the president no oh
shit yeah okay the President of the
United States gotcha yeah that's her
anyway Zack Snyder so so everyone was
being very sensitive to the Zack Snyder
situation and so they everyone who was
just reporting him stepping down as a
this is Excise choice and he's leaving
he's spending time with his family when
in actuality he was straight-up fire oh
oh my god I would have predicted that
way back when this all went down you
probably did there's probably a
recording but now now there is someone
officially reporting which is
interesting because it signals that it
relates to someone talking about DC you
know and their ability to make a good
movie and it's signals that they were
ready to course-correct that long ago
yeah and you know just deems Justice
League is it too little too late oh yeah
well we're Justice League absolutely
though that's like Zack Snyder has
damaged their brand possibly on revenue
coming in a decade oh yeah like he has
tarnished the DC Cinematic Universe
brand for at least a couple years some
has its fans it still has its fans
so does anime porn that doesn't mean
it's the majority
oh and I've offended people who are fans
of anime the point is they DC is ready
to course-correct
but Zack Snyder has done a ton of damage
to their brain and it'll be interesting
how the it'll from a from someone who's
you know into the moviemaking business
what will be interesting is to see how
they dig up from the situation Zack
Snyder has put them yeah
give me leave that bastard lonely caused
us trouble I can't do that
that was very very noble choice he made
you save the guy who's about to turn in
the lady he like very Superman of them
yeah in it okay so yeah we're gonna see
we're gonna see in the next couple of
years here how DC intends to dig up from
the hole that Snyder has put them in
obviously they got wonder women to
wonder one was a good movie
very popular movie they got Wonder Woman
to and they got the original team coming
back for that so now you know what else
can they do
like Superman is tarnished joss whedon
tried the best he could to polish that
turd in Justice League and it just did
not work it did not work it did not play
so they need to they need to recast they
need new movies they need to prove to
the audience that they are ready to make
a difference
have your flashpoint movie fix your
universe keep Wonder Woman because
continuity whatever like oh this Wonder
Woman is the same I guess but everything
else is different
you do a flash card right yeah flash
doesn't go back in time further than
World War 1 that movie still happened
there you go
boom Wonder Woman still cannon boom boom
I like it rich
you're welcome WB rich just fixed it for
you
no Joss Joss Whedon did not make it
worse Joss Whedon turned what there's
too little too late yeah well the the
reports from this person who's you know
talking about the the Zack Snyder
situation is saying he is heard from
multiple sources that the Snyder cut of
the movie goes on watchable okay
and he said multiple sources use the
exact same adjectives like unwatchable
like these are separate people like
that's amazing that's great and so what
what Josh Wheaton did was he turned a
possibly interesting bad movie into a
wholly mediocre movie yeah yeah which
like that's a pretty good that's pretty
good effort it means we don't get
something that's interesting we just get
mediocre Snyder
well Snyder cut at this point would just
be interesting yeah just just
historically curiosity more than a big P
butter oh as a fan of bad movies I think
I would prefer the Snyder cut just
because I'm sure it would give us more
to make fun of sure it would
well I've already said this that I think
there are some critics who have been
able to build a career off of dissecting
Batman vs Superman because it's just
that bad
and unfortunately Justice League is just
mediocre but it could have been it could
have been utterly garbage
all right you know working car need a
working automotive to choose oh wait
why did they trust their franchise to
Zack Snyder of all people he he
successfully remade a franchise movie
that made them a lot of money and he has
a really good agent and word around the
rumor mill is that Zack Snyder's agent
is really good friends with the head of
WB it's weird and so you know he had he
had a he had some success after the Dawn
of the Dead remake
the watchman
adaptation oh come on you just got that
did middling financially but even but
you know critics hated it and so they
made him fire his DP and gave him give
him fuck ease gave gave him the keys to
the shit man
hey fucking Superman huh isn't his agent
Deborah Snyder no she's the producer
she's his wife and producer
oh I did forget 300 yeah 300 was was a
big success 300 was a big success and
stylish and an amazing so he had a
couple of you had a couple hits under
his belts man you know the watchman yeah
it was kind of a man but I think they
were able to blame that on his DP even
fucking Superman
we know
300 was to Schneider what sixth sense
was to Shamu odd people do people give
enough credit to Sin City when talking
about 300 that came out right on the
tail of Sin City in Sin City he was
really big wasn't it this another he's
the other Frank Miller movie
there we go it's 300 Frank really did
that like Sin City which one came out
first Sin City really yeah I think 300
was you know I'm just in production
before that was in production for a
while that wasn't made because of Sin
City right but the timing was right and
Sin City was big and 300 came out yeah
you're right you're right
Sin City was 205 300 was 206 so he also
owes a large part of his success to
Frank Miller in Sin City 2 2 the
momentum the momentum of Sin City yes
generated by a significantly better
movie yeah you know what that is that is
damn insightful they're rich oh Jesus
that's a cool looking monster a little
bit on the goofy side but I'm ok with
that is a big B man he's a fee Zambia
scream
yeah he's all goopy that's great
what about since so what rich is what
rich is saying is since City was a was a
stylish popular good well made movie
Robert Rodriguez made by Robert Miller
written by Frank Miller directed by
Robert Rodriguez he had co-directing
credit you know I'm sure he will have
you seen Sin City
have you read the comic books yeah have
you seen Sin City yes
it's like a panel for panel recreation I
can understand giving Frank mater Miller
some amount of directorial credit sure I
could see it
it's slavishly devoted to the comic
books yeah but directing is a lot more
than that sure I understand yeah I
understand which is why Frank Miller's
directorial debut film all right
but yeah so but Rich's point is that Sin
City was really popular and generated a
lot of buzz for the stylistic r-rating
r-rated comic book adaptation of Frank
Miller's okay specifically Frank
Miller's 300 based off of came out right
when Sin City was red hot was red hot
another Frank Miller pop property
r-rated comic book adaptation yeah I go
oh I could absolutely see that I think
that's a great point
I still I'll defend 300 I think 300 is
great action schlock as I'm defending
action schlock today I will absolutely
defend 300 stylish
pretty to look at decent action beats
that was before the the whole the whole
speed up slow down action sequence was
all played out that was all fresh I
haven't stated forget nightmare mode
doesn't autosave plane I'm playing a
little bit dangerous here yeah it
wouldn't be me dying but if this car
blows up I'm assuming that's as good as
a game over this is a plot car oh sure
this is a plot car this right here is a
plot car that's exactly what it is check
I see it the fuel car and you need fuel
to fill up the airplane yes that he's
been talking about the last eight hours
yeah and we got to find that girl and
the president's been murdered and what
these things are happening
they're never gonna coalesce into some
little what's mine I guess it's fine too
but yeah it's always more satisfying
when everything fits together oh they
were all connected in a brilliant play
I'll cop to enjoying his Donald the dead
but that was 75 percent Sarah Polley
his Donna the Dead was week Frank Miller
is a hack he might have turned into a
parody of himself he has turned into a
parody of himself but he sent too many
good things for me to call him a hack
was he's just a good durable some good
work of daredevil
did he turn into a parody of himself or
has he always been a nut job and we just
didn't notice right away he's always
been a nut job heshes gotten a little
bit more extreme sure which is kind of
how I why I described it isn't big of a
parody of himself he's crank the Frank
Miller dial all the way up when he was
ridin high it was only at like a 5 maybe
a four and a half just scratching the
surface of crazy then scratching the
surface
yeah Erie Theory the the the the the
thing the best part of zack snyder's
both the Watchmen and the Dawn of the
Dead were those awesome intro sequences
that Johnny Cash when the man comes
around and throated Dawn of the Dead was
awesome oh that in fact that whole intro
sequence right with the little girl yeah
that was great and the the man comes
around and similar with the watchman he
had that that wonderful I go through the
watchman timeline montage yeah brilliant
yeah the rest of the Watchmen garbage
fucking garbage fucking garbage watchman
misses the point
yeah of the watchman in a big way that's
the major problem I have with it yeah
dude badass five scenes point of the
comics there look things goofballs
is it Rorschach cool he's so cool free a
fucking knob Allen bore himself has but
always been disappointed that he said I
wrote Roche a chasm scathing criticism
Oh if people loved him
horshack not horshack Rorschach's that's
a different thing
horshack is welcome back kotter
something you kids don't know about with
your YouTube Netflix TV it's not
streaming on hulu hulu hoop it's not as
treatment on your crackle tackles crack
crack exactly yeah yeah you can't tweet
tweet Welcome Back Kotter fret rocket
yay that's right valiant bloodhounds
blood test has Rorschach is a racist
misogynistic homophobic right-wing nut
case he's not a good guy in the best of
days which is the point of his character
which is great yeah that's the point
el amor was trying to make he's
literally he's Batman everything he's a
he's Batman to the extreme which is
great but then you have Snyder framing
him as like the coolest motherfucker
he's more of a dig and Steve Ditko yeah
oh sure
bees asshole
nope you're on your own lady I got shit
to do the director's cut of Watchmen is
much better and it's four hours long
no thanks I'll just read the book again
cuz it's a good book there's not this
weird danger every time I read it I find
more details I didn't notice before
something something subtle is a fucking
good that's a good read that's a good
read dawg
yes just an infinitive Rorschach is
Bruce Wayne
without money exactly that's exactly who
he is I'm sure he was supposed to be a
play on some other character but you
know the question the question sure
sure mr. a to to Steve Ditko's
characters so we're basically the same
character the Punisher I'm sure was big
around then but the Punisher is also
kind of a parody on himself but what I'm
saying is if if the Batarang fits yeah
just to criticism on all vigilantism all
radical that's a good way for just a
criticism on the idea of vigilante
justice he is supposed to be the un'goro
fication of vigilante justice that is
worship and a backfire right there's no
other way well as people glorified it
yeah that I was amazing
this guy is so cool he's so badass he's
a cool Rorschach is a cool character oh
he's a cool character and like it's okay
to think he's badass and also morally
corrupt by advancing is he morally
corrupt
he's just uncompromising his morals I
suppose his standard of morals is what's
objective i I could appreciate his
principles I'm sticking to his
principles like to the bitter end
oh yeah at the end of the Watchmen he is
the one who's he's just not willing to
compromise in the face of certain death
and he just tells dr. Manhattan to
fucking do it in the face of death and
logic and logic cuz he knows he knows
he's got right thing to do oh no laughs
and I'm not saying like his character is
you know like ultimately flawed or
anything no I'm actually I'm like I
really like his character but he's not
supposed to be like the cool badass back
that's not the point of that just
because he does cool badass things
notwithstanding you get it kind of
talking in circles both that's fine
yeah I can't Jack you get it you get it
but no oh then that end of the Watchmen
is great excellent drawing too and you
know to be fair Jack Jack a little
Jackie Earle Haley the actor like yeah
he does a good performance during that
scene
but in the book to like just that that
his face all screwed up at the end egg
it's great this is your friend yep
but then it can't be your friend in the
spacesuit like you just need a different
guy who lost it this is a nerd you need
the stereotypical nerd at the Space
Center here right
whoa-oh a felon time better can't get up
nope
rebel base is saying so the bosses in
this game are supposed to be the seven
deadly sins yes which one is this I have
no idea I honestly don't know which one
he's supposed to be is craziest sin
I suppose that's all so we got lusts
yeah
lost I know cuz that was the guy who
wanted to fuck everyone greed was the
guy with the organs because he was
really upset when you destroyed his
organs his profit and then we have what
does it call to me
oh uh gluttony we have gluttony with the
lady that's clever anger is the the the
asian man we killed beginning okay
well what else we got here envy could
this be envy we're missing envy pride
slaw prides coming up I don't quite get
it but I know it's supposed to pride
okay
yeah lust was the guy with the
flamethrower cock that was that is that
shocking to anybody just just in case
anyone missed that visual metaphor her
so he might be slob
could he be slob was he lazy at any
point no the Chinese guy or Z Chinese
Hershey chairman oh the Asian one the
samurai at the beginning the samurai was
supposed to be wrath okay he gets angry
when you destroy the peaceful settings
around him oh okay sure yeah he's got a
speech I don't know if you heard it but
anger is what dictates my actually so
you say he's got something a dialogue
angers how we know who did am the sword
axe sweet hanker so he's the first guy
we killed wrath wrath is off the table
yeah sloth is coming up sloth also has a
very Michael Bay death oh you know what
is he supposed to be envied possibly
because he's talking about the other
heroes here what was the boob lady I
don't know
oh yeah Envy's got to be the nerd guy
well the seven deadly sins might be the
ones that aren't storyline related oh so
he liked him and then the Nazi lady
might not be they might not fit into the
theme shoes they're related to the main
story okay okay and so then the Nazi
lady also wouldn't be a deadly sin pride
is the only sin boss related to the
story brh Admiral Ackbar says her deadly
sin was Nazis I love it I love it
why are they freaking out oh because
they see they just saw a picture of a
zombie with a number tattooed on the
zombies neck these guys both have
tattoos on their neck yeah they both
have tattoos and if you remember our the
hero Nick yeah Nick got bitten by a
zombie and he has not turned into a
zombie and his wound magically healed
yes so I'm going to go out on a limb and
a sewer he's some sort of science
experiment okay
we know there are at least 49 of them
okay he was given experimental drugs by
the Army I'm not I guess I'm uh I'll
give a hint but I won't spoil it all
right it's related to something that
comes up in Dead Rising one really yes
yes
mr. Meighan yes barely
let's see here pop pan says hey rich
yeah you are in 100% charge of fixing
the Dead Rising series video game uh-huh
what are you doing oh well I would do
something that wouldn't go over because
it would be going back you could just go
back to the fucking roots
yeah man are you kidding that would sell
like hotcakes might because that's how
you sell it like going back to the
routine that's how they sold for it's
not at all what they did right right but
that's how you sell a new one is that
you know we're going back to the roots
we're we're you know a difficult gaming
again right
that's how you sell it timers
stay tuned
teddy bear
no that's not what I wanted to make you
stupid
you can combine something with a teddy
bear yep
no I need to find a different game that
sucks that sucks that's annoying that's
what that is going back to the roots to
rehash the same game whoo yes but that's
how you sell it that's what people like
to buy they like to buy new versions of
games they already like I need to find
another light machinegun this is
annoying
that's annoying so you can make a teddy
bear me show you something I want to
bring in the Venice in the end of this
next fight that'll help me with the next
fight ok do it just do this fighting
some punks yeah get out of here punks
true-blue reviews hey guys don't know if
you've talked with a black panther but
here's a non spoiler fact I don't want
to spoil anything like I know you stay
down spoilers but neither rich or I have
seen it and it's opening weekend so we
won't spoil anything about anything I'm
excited to see you anonymous is rich
yeah
while re watching the old streams I
noticed you have never played case west
before since it is now compatible with
xbox one any hope of a playthrough I
don't own an Xbox one oh well then there
you go I've never actually played it
what's case west alright alright kind of
an epilogue - Dead Rising - yeah it came
out a little bit after Dead Rising 2
came out and the big gimmick with case
West was bringing you know y'all love
free quests everyone missed Frank West
what bringing Frank West back whoo
but you can't play him in single-player
you have to join someone a co-op to play
as Frank West and I was like I'll fuck
you and I didn't buy it yeah that
character you like you don't get the
part of the militia fuckin multiplayer I
don't like multiplayer I don't like
being reliant a multiplayer of my
entertainment
so find another machine
dude oh now the big guys are just out
yeah nice
you guys they're gonna be all over the
place money B guys
they stick out a little bit in the
fitting the thralls of normal zombies
yeah anonymous says here this Dead
Rising 3 game is Michael Bay's infernal
a journey through the nine layers of
toxic masculine hell preach on anonymous
this is okay this is this is exactly
like this is this is so stereotypical of
of everything dude bros think is I think
is chuckle worthy oh you'll love what's
coming up oh you'll love what's coming
up i I can't I want to believe that I'm
not gonna be shocked what would you
think is coming up this will be amazing
if you nail it give me a like you know
what kind of setting are you going to
you know like give me a I'm going to a
gym you're going to a gym I'm going to a
gym okay so you're you're either gonna
run into a boob there so you're either
gonna run into a pain & gain ask
roided-out monster or an aerobics
instructor okay
that's what I'm gonna say okay you
either a roided-out can you can you be
more specific
can I be more specific it going to be a
gay aerobics instructor the other one
it's a gay Ruyter that I don't really um
it's I'm not sure I'm not sure but it
okay but I'm not sure the gender yes
it's androgynous bodybuilder I have
fucking loved it so possibly like
they're making fun of the the strong
woman is what they might be doing oh
that's
broats ocular that is awesome like
fucking lovin it's gonna yeah it's gonna
be the like the the bodybuilding woman
who it's okay to make fun of because
she's a bodybuilding woman yeah yeah
like I dig it I dig it I dig it that is
incredibly Michael Bay she's a girl with
muscles
go ahead
oh then I don't like that the first time
idiot
crane craft says a cane craft since
yesterday I beat the rebel flag ship in
FTL congratulation with two HP remaining
congratulation it was an epic space
adventure the whole way through I just
wanted to share my happiness that great
job came came craft that's that is an
accomplishment absolute accomplishment
you know what oh you've everyone a nice
outfit well yourself
just gonna take off the hood sure I need
to breathe Jack we need to breathe
absolutely you know feel the vision you
know look around at all things that's
not
ever like that door open
I'm interested in ready player one big
black Silvo what I've heard about the
book is that the the book itself is
absolute vapor it's meaningless remember
this remember that without any points or
or like statement referencing nostalgia
it's just references that's what I've
heard about the book and so what will be
interesting is when spielberg gets his
hands on yeah
can he transform nothing but references
into something no maybe maybe
oh no so it's dad yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm not sure if it's supposed to be a
transgendered woman a transgendered man
that they're making fun of or just a
female who lifts weights that they're
making funny I think it's I'm not sure I
believe the joke is haha the girl has
muscles I think it's it's this is
standard like female weight lifters the
barrel he's just a turret yeah yeah it's
cherry with two eyes that it that is a
straight-up female yeah he's just a
bodybuilder and therefore deserves our
ridicule she she looks different than
ladies are supposed to look so we're
supposed to laughter that's the joke
terrible classic BAE classic BAE
oh yeah is jhope like really like it's
it gets so it gets more Michael Bay with
every boss it's beautiful
pride yeah yeah okay
hmm ask you
I see he's getting more comfortable
murdering people now oh yeah you know
that just makes sense you get
desensitized to it yeah that's Farscape
right there I happen to John Crichton oh
yeah first that was big deal and I mean
every time it gets easier miss first
season he's all I'm not killing anybody
he's finding it away find it away and
then the fourth season is just the
harbinger of death and he feels bad
about it it she feels bad that he
doesn't feel bad about it yeah in season
4 there you go yeah that's the writing I
don't even care anymore I'm the monster
yeah yeah it's a lot closer I'll tell
you when I get to the next area know
what time is it how long we were going
it's it's quarter to ten and so I
believe we've we've been going close to
four hours we're right around that four
hour mark it's 10:00 it's this quarter
to 10:00 10:00 to 10:00 we get a gauge
when I when I get to the next main
mission little hub thing it should tell
me where I'm at in the story sure
typically like no matter what I'll
probably have to call in the bit and so
then it's just like do you want to wait
to finish this on Wednesday or do you
want to finish it today
I might just sell I might just power for
sure
you see and you know what if you're like
an our way that is dancing I'm probably
more than an hour and over useless I'm
probably more than an hour it's not
unreasonable like two isn't unreasonable
okay oh yeah we'll see it's good oh the
chat is is egging you on I know they are
they want they want it done
let's see your valiant blood shot says
how to fix the DCE you an animal man
movie a meta-narrative that shows the
behind-the-scenes process of the heroes
struggling against the dark style of the
previous DC films the books did that I
read that about the books is that the
books eventually went full meta and
we're like talking to the writers and
artists animal yeah
animal man who has the power to summon
animal strengths you ain't forget not a
bad idea especially with the popularity
of something like Deadpool you can't use
that as the vehicle to fix your
franchise though but once the DC EU is
fixed they could have their own Deadpool
to comment about how how bad it was at
one point and everyone that you loved it
everyone would fucking love
you know they'll have their own Deadpool
in Animal Man to be all meta and talk
about the dark Schneider days and people
will get a big kick out of it this is
get the plane parts I think I'm
relatively close I might stay the course
you're gonna leave whatever Cherisher
nothing I don't they gonna be I don't
think I'm gonna be two hours I'll
probably I'll probably be about to do I
guess okay
those Lobo break the fourth wall in the
comics he seems like he might think he
did occasionally yeah I don't know I
didn't like I didn't read not too low
but what was so over-the-top and
self-aware of the fact that it was dumb
parodies goof yeah
I know I'll leave in just a little bit
you guys can have your rich time you
guys can have your rich Evans just just
me time is boring they love it they
fucking love it
isn't that upcoming Teen Titans go
movies already making fun of the
superhero Snider stuff yes yes it is
though that's different because that's
the super cartoony cartoon movie yes yes
they're already they're making fun of
like the Justice League really crappy
advertising yeah I'm excited about that
but I want to see things go with my kids
and I think it's hilarious incidentally
yeah everybody out there see how these
side missions I'm not doing everyone
complains about the timer in Dead Rising
you've skipped this stuff like I'm doing
now yeah time is never an issue in Dead
Rising 1 or 2 never if you treat the
side missions like side missions as
optional yes yes
Sandman would be better says Cousteau
still Leary I assumed to restructure DC
Universe just make it his entrapment arc
as a prologue and if people aren't able
to dream so Superman can't dream hope
Batman can't dream justice and Wonder
Woman can't dream the interventive
courageous would have been better before
justice
if if we're looking to salvage the DC
Universe
we need flashlights as ridiculous as it
sounds yeah I mean I concur
it's I concur I hate though that I'm
like we need a reboot of world but
that's the only way to fix it you know
you don't need the movies at all no
let's go but we're gonna get we just not
have a DC Cinematic Universe you know
what wait wait a few years wait a Marvel
runs its course and then started up want
that money there they've already lost it
I know it's gone it's gone already so
yeah you do flashpoint like where it
said you don't go so far back so that
way you get to keep the same Wonder
Woman you get you get new bat you know
flashpoint ends the post-credits scene
is we meet the modern-day versions of
the superheroes and that's why I moved
all the casting news will break of who
Batman and Superman are going to be all
the good versions this time travel
change you Bruce Wayne is Jeanette
butterfly effects the decisions that
Barry Allen made in the past echoed to
Bruce Wayne's childhood you had oh you
here's what you do you had something
that Barry does in the past means that
that pot Kent doesn't die okay right so
that changes who well you should you
recast yours how do you explain
recasting Clark Kent how do you explain
that that's a I don't know that you need
to know do it you're just doing
different person different actor uh no
there's no there's no in world
explanation he's just to do okay new
player people get that
I like Henry Cavill though you know I
don't know I don't know even when he was
being good guys Superman
he's got the Snyder stank on him all
you'll remember is him cracking Zod's
neck and then screaming that's the only
Superman he'll ever be he can't he can't
do it gotta recast Affleck's too old to
be Batman anymore
yeah nonsense
true Oh old is he huh old is he
I don't know in his 40s that's I always
imagine Batman as being somewhat older
yeah maybe
how many Robins is he raised you gonna
try and tell me that Bruce Wayne is
20-something no late thirties early
forties he's got a dolt sons peak
physical condition
Batman doesn't have to be peak his
talent his skill makes up for whatever
he doesn't quite have in peak anymore
he's got to be in peak so I'm gonna say
he doesn't I don't I don't think Batman
needs to be physical I don't think he
needs that yeah yeah oh no yeah I mean
he has to be an adult he has to be like
seasoned yes yes agree
bring back Brandon Roth nope can't -
silly - silly and he's he's the atom now
he's got a gig you can't come back he's
already gone down to TV he can't come
back to movies that's not how it works
anymore
oh this thing hello nothing
I thought about rewatching Superman
Returns because like I might need a nice
nap God that movie was boring I'm not
saying that Brandon Roth was a terrible
Superman I just don't remember it
because I think I passed out during the
movie we're gonna play a game yeah guess
which sin this guy is giant house I was
all ready to say greed oh that's great I
just don't want to leave my chair yeah
look you need to give me that key
there's muffins in an artery that could
keep dozens of people alive yeah that's
good yeah yeah
the sir oh the surgeon is greed yeah
okay
surgeons it's Oh cuz he wants all the
body thank you okay I get what's going
to sell them yeah yeah okay ah dig it I
think what they're going for
yeah doesn't you know could have maybe
done a little more tactfully but I dig
it
let's see here rich this is Lloyd beets
I also hate multiplayer only games and I
need a sound clip so that I can stop
explaining it can you and your carnival
barker voice say it's multiplayer only
well it can fuck right off set it's
multiplayer only well it can fuck right
off then mail it rebel base says back
when this game came out it got shade
which means that some criticism well
it's much worse than pricing well it got
shade for the story being too serious
also having a ridiculous tone I don't
think anyone compared it serious so
Michael Bay you guys are my favorite
reviewers but see by the way it does do
that it does like our protagonist is
very serious and then when you mix that
with it's ridiculous over-the-top
archetypes it does not mesh well
together yeah that's the problem with
the game is there was a way that they
could have been like tongue-in-cheek
about this whole thing and making fun of
how ridiculous it is and then it could
have played well but it does have a very
serious tone to it I think that that
doesn't here's our exciting death what
oh wait you beat him yeah all you have
to do is hit some helicopters he shits
himself and dies well on that note on
that fucking note I'm heading out all
right jack a nice night thank you for
sharing this game with me oh oh no
problem no problem I think good Megan I
think you've seen the best of what he
has to offer I I'm glad I got to see
this epic epic take all right P a fart
on your no death run let's play through
on your playthrough all right bye guys
adios jack quickly how quickly will we
do this shit
I think I'm think I'm done with the side
missions it's all right it's all right

[Part III]
it's alright it's alright
quicks way
one book Carl getting around in this
game is kind of irritating that's right
you're still looking get in the car get
in the car Anna Anna Anna bulb Anna you
guys miss jack yet he's gonna say shit
like antipope man huh
and a working taxi no it is not
oh that's a sedan though that's better
sedans are better than faster
we're Jack Oh Jack couldn't take it
anymore the excitement Jack went home
and I'm gonna stay here I'm gonna finish
this game up hopefully make it quick and
then I'm gonna put I'm gonna put Dead
Rising behind me for a bit after this I
think I've had my fill
I hate this open world getting places in
this game is more of a hassle than it is
fun
I don't think Dead Rising works with
larger Maps I think I think this is a
mistake why does it blow up for no
reason
shit will blow up in this game I have no
idea why
it's like how many times have I gone
back and forth through this is then
again you go back in front all the time
Dead Rising wanted to just I don't know
better mAb getting around here as a
hassle not a joy the driving sucks
take his coffee all right nice
my Elvis man not really the driving
sucks and you're constantly driving yes
I have to to get around this map is too
big to be running everywhere you
technically the mode I'm playing there
is a meaningful timer actually the mode
I'm playing playing a nightmare mode and
a timer works differently than it didn't
Dead Rising 1 & 2 I don't like it as
much but I don't know it's adding some
kind of tension to this game which is
comically easy
yeah I'm not gonna go all the way over
here all the way over there everything's
always on the other side of the fucking
earth I just I just came from that
fucking area now we're going back
I'd stick to one car and go there but
there's constant fucking Road box
roadblocks
don't break because I don't what I need
to find
I want to take this wrong because I'm an
idiot yeah because I'm an idiot all
right
so I also accidentally say I'm taking
the long way to my next destination all
right
but so much prescription to that taxi
I'm not exactly sure what caused it to
blow up so quick
the really long way there
we're getting another car annum follow
me follow me into this automobile get in
the car and you won't need help
get off my car yes Jacqueline
jack has jakka's children and a wife and
responsibilities
she'll be fine
presumably she'll be fine Hey
I want another gun with me so don't fall
too far behind now
oh yeah
ah see what his armies
where is girl
it's hectically those getaway Carter but
it's not a blow-off
who was phone and I'm skipping most of
the side missions the phone keeps giving
these side missions which you can skip
no this isn't a particularly effective
lockdown at all I would call it a
miserable failure
the rooms cleared right now
really
that's mine
thank you for your verification
yeah
whose parts
all right lady friend have a drink
Oh backup
broken-down car right oven no car
oh alright all fuck
now I need to find a fucking car
I can't even leave with this car because
the roadblock where there's somebody
fuckin roadblocks this game it's it's
frustrating it's not fun
oh wait and get pests so never mind oh
fuck it up like that
I can't I can't do it
all right
for let rich strong hey I heard any
complaints but it's Friday the 13th
oh wait I'm going to the wrong spot Oh
No Oh No why do I have to go there ah
shit
shit
that's dumb I'm dumb
my mark level 50 this car would have
blown up so many times
so many hundreds of times
Oscar win
and if you're watching this night I
won't be too much longer I'm nearing the
end of this game I just wanted to finish
it up I don't know there's gonna be
enough left of this game for a full
second stream so I'm just yeah just get
to the end we'll do it and then I'll be
done I'll be done with this game
yeah I'm just a blueprint hell that's
time that's interesting this is for Hail
Mary
oh that was sucking grab the thing with
you
all right sidekick
keep driving this this absolutely
fucking wrecked car but it's fast
I like this car
now that I'm leveled up some cars don't
blow up so easy when you've run them bad
and like this car
it's bumblebee he's seen better days
can't believe your car could be an
explosion your character just doesn't
react at all yeah this guy's seen a lot
he probably expects to die that's fine
we screamed that ever every explosion
he'd never shut up really in there why
is the airplane pink probably because
she painted it
a changer
closed single-family yeah
come on let's get any and the others one
two three let's get bonuses an honor of
get belief fest 2018 how many studio I
think Jeff read the Studio Ghibli films
have you seen you have a favorite one
any thoughts of Miyazaki lamenting the
fact that animation studios are almost
all 3d over 2d I think I've seen zero
Karin might be mad at me
Karin legs was a Totoro iknowjax Fanny
but me I can't say much
Karin I won't be too much longer I
really won't I just I just wanted to
finish this up I'm nearing the last
chapter of the game oh this is weird
weird things are about to happen but
they've been happening on game
Oh Karen turn Eversole still reading the
chat house how's the new fishie doing we
bought a new fishie today
it's a little love scarlet baddest tiny
little fish durable though
punching things you can't see it's
pretty because those things are just
tiny scarlet badasses they eat really
tiny things they're little little
predators but they like like planarian
worms and little whatever whatever tiny
little thing they can get their mouth
and make any sense but I will take it
okay I think this is the second time the
plot has taken away all of our item
items they like they like doing that yes
they non-perfect know death row starting
at a high level I don't I don't I don't
have enough care about this game to try
for a literally perfect runner I don't
feel like streaming for 12 hours or how
fucking long that would take so we're
just powering through the story quickly
no it's not the worst thing ever made
this game but it's a bad Dead Rising
game I don't know if that makes sense to
you this game isn't terrible it's a it's
on the high side of mediocre it's better
love it better than mediocre but it's
terrible Dead Rising game
they say I told I told the story before
of the the shrimp weep on and few days
week after we bought it that's long
madam in just a few days after we bought
it I I see this little shrimp corpse in
the fish tank and I take this little
dead fish and I bring it back at the
fish store my ass fish die we just got
it and they gave me a refund on the
shrimp only to come home and discovered
that the shrimp was fine it just molten
by that food
I was set up to do extra damage but I
can only presume using the electric
weapon on the robot might help me
oops shit
that was actually closer there and then
it should have been goddamnit
ah
fortunately this game is insanely easy
we might die
well rights I should have died I really
should have like it's bullshit that I
didn't die just there it's bullshit I
feel bad that I didn't die
I hadn't tried yours as the personal
investment was that's a hysterical joke
that nobody is going to get
problem is I'm trying to power through
this game I'm not taking my time in here
I'm just kind of but mashing and trying
to get this over with and it's killing
me
technically it hasn't been killing me
yes I feel bad that's so I show so
should be dead and any kind of game that
wasn't ridiculously easy I'd be dead
right there and I'd have deserved it
but this is Dead Rising 3 so I'm still
alive and we're still going
who was that guy general evil he wants
to he wants to weaponize zombies as if
they couldn't already fucking do that
but he wants the special zombies that
have bees on their heads
all right I'm good good I walk in
selection
the jack leave yes Jack left
did rich leave almost
I should go this way
yeah this looks promising
I got here
two big guns made an assault rifle when
a shotgun taped together top five games
all-time that's hard to do
XCOM the next com2 yeah you know you
dooms quite fond of Dead Rising you guys
you guys know what I like by this point
fun a thief and played beaten ages
boxing-glove I just I just want to make
flaming boxing gloves for fun for fun I
want flaming boxing gloves and you're
not helping me all fucking
for the weapons break in this game yes
I'm at level 50 things maxed out so I've
I've got some durable weapons
yep
thought this looped around I don't think
it does
well I think of speedrunning that's a
fine hobby
I think got nothing against speedrunning
some of them are queen some of them
could be quite entertaining to watch
you're getting killed while you're
standing there looking at that why're
you fucking gawking animation
my dad there would not have been my
fault
but I'm not safe scum that would be
dishonorable
mistakes
you're fixing the door
we won't fill this mess fuck you all
fuck you all very much
like a fucking gazelle
Oh Gary what are you doing here
get her out of your Gary they're gonna
bomb the city people's lives are at
stake
ethnicity Latino it's from Santa cabeza
you might know what that is Santa
that's the other big hint about his
tattoo
all right so more traversing
lady in song
by the way
I'm gonna complement something in this
game it's a really nice touch this
bridge every time you go across this
bridge there's a guy on top of that bus
shooting it zombies and he's in control
he says hey come over here buddy and
he's got free supplies for you he's
there the whole game except near the end
he's mysterious he's just he's gone and
they make note of the fact that he's
gone and you never find out what fucking
happen to this guy at least not in the
main game I know there's another's DLC
he might be he might be a DLC
protagonist for all I know but that's
neat
and a problem
comical amount of zombies
I can't even I can't even see where the
fuck I'm going
it's why they had make the game gray and
dull now I think it didn't need to be
grain gone dull I think they just made a
grand ol they don't have much time but
if I could find another gun I could make
a weapon to use patience
and you know I don't much care for the
rig
Oh
yeah I'll take it
should've been a fucking headshot
start around
fuck
listen we're getting near the end of
this three hours I said that one hour
ago one hour ago I said about two more
hours Rhonda
end of game love interest well we're
bringing her back to her ex-husband so
it's not likely
who's Gary the fat guy the fat mobster
guide now the love interest is the girl
you barely interact with in the game at
all that's the love interest and you
know what you're just gonna have to
fucking deal with it kid
demand to have my I guess the game
despawn did so the military could fit in
here that's that's a shame that's a
shame
and what else we got the drive-in
I'm on the fence if I'm gonna skip that
last boss fight or not well not last but
the last non-major storyline boss fight
I guess we could bring Ronda do it
alright do it
which way my honor actually behind me
wait I'm all turned around oh yeah
that's right that's why
shit
you want to see a robot arm in action
okay you can see our robot arm in action
in the boss fight I'm had to do fuck it
we'll do it
and I got it
get in here
what Olivia blown up why
you just killing this game for me yeah
the commute is this game is Achilles
heel we're all the shops with silly
clothes I don't know where is anything I
don't know this whole map is just random
shit that's the same response yes this
is an offensive stereotype
boxing gloves
the chink in the final blowing that's
great
voices came sticks to the tradition of
having savable bosses I said we saved
him and forgot to save the girl
I don't think a stitch
you take a flaming sword you gonna carry
that
we got lots of fire in our group lots of
fire
and took a baseball bat
all right let's go
where are we
come this way everyone to the building
that's over here alright that boss fight
that probably slowed down the end of
that stream I was I I guarantee you I
was on the track beating the game when I
said I would I was where through that
timeline out the window
what are you ready
and I got ya decent weaponry weird we're
doing decent alright now I need a car
and we need to head north
Rhonda can you fit on here at all
no I'll take that better than nothing
nice tank blew up
you make
I'd rather just drive the sedan I'm not
gonna have this car too long anyway this
is a roadblock coming up
and that's survivors get bags I just
don't care I got things to do
I get it people and drag or funny that
but that survivor on the stage I've
drove past there there in drag and
that's funny
I'm just going fuck I know but I need to
find out the car pretty close
one of those guys
your love interest hopes have been
dashed - I put her up I put a bunch of
zombies around her just be careful in
there cue
what's this hand jazz hands
I missed this one
all right do stuff or something oh she's
gonna say they where's read supposed to
meet me here but he hasn't shown up you
think that loser outside chase them off
well it's almost there any problems to
meet us at the plane so maybe he's there
let's go Nick
Annie uh red and I we used to be
together a long time ago
we're not now oh this is the love
interest I forgot all about her yeah I
know
exactly exactly
I'm just I miss it did you say Annie are
you okay that blast suit let's be
getting sweaty by now yeah you know what
your fucking zombies this is what you
want to wear a man
what is jazz-hands day
oh that's funky where do we need to go
Oh God all the way down there yeah
or Annie keep up
next Bank of us over something that's a
terrible woman
and while I got it
yeah fuck that get the car that's better
better ride and it you see me getting a
car and fighting zombies Annie Annie are
you okay Annie Annie are you okay Annie
are you okay Annie
I gotta turn around
nobody did not get her gun Andy did you
get your gun
smooth I guess it worked so be ready
when I get back you are Isabella keys
I've heard rumors about no Sora Stan
what is it you have to tell me no more
she's still better
they did with young men do they spread
their seeds on this
screaming here at all
why would Carlito make one of the time
bomb orphans he gave out his his zombie
control immunity thing you know what
you'd want it you want to keep the Cure
close by another plot thing that makes
no sense how far are we from the end of
the game one more chapter two more boss
fights
mimic that is a nice tattoo number 12
what are you doing oh do you know what
it means five million dollars for a you
sure gave up on your family fast come on
Nick
I told you I'm really living like a
pariah
I got four kids to feed nice nice
reference I get it already
was that the beneficiary of a glitch
alright I'll take it
I'm so difficult lungi
ow too much
nope that didn't work either ocean
yeah
now that particular right that's a lot
tougher on nightmare huzzas games
comeback compared to the masterpiece
TMNT out of the shadows worse much worse
sorry I actually liked TMNT out of the
shadows
Nick Annie are you okay yeah it's
hemlocks voice- sir we have them
cornered
requesting additional time to mop things
up
and they're in love I guess
honey love interest is the five-year old
girl from Dead Rising 2 this doesn't add
anything to the story other than I know
that character she's not a real Annie oh
they excuse it her middle name is Annie
this is a little Katie
you don't know what that's like who the
hell is this Nick Ramos who are you
what happened to Stacy they actually
mention her Isabella Keys here this is
the this is the smoking hot one from
Dead Rising 1 she's the girl you escaped
with at the end the one whose brother
was the terrorist you soon with the
distance Frank West is taking pictures
may be a shame he's not here if they
really wanted the fan service it would
have been Frank West showing up
find a way I can't leave you guys you're
the important
Frank what's this too busy beating up
the Hulk yes I know reference
come on
you're pretty sure he's in the game I've
seen hide or hair I have not seen any
sign of Frank was not hide nor hair of
you know he's gone
isn't there a memorial for always you
see throughout Frank West display in a
museum that talks about the history of
zombies but it's not really Frank West
in the game that's not the real ending
by the way this is this is all fake I'm
skipping the credits because they just
loop anyway
so what we have here in Dead Rising 3 is
a generic story with decent side
characters and stereotypical villains
yeah why do all the games do this
tradition it was actually a surprise
than the first one for broke tradition
for they sold you the extra endings the
real ending you had to pay for it
separately fuck dead rising before
Annie's right sure won't mean a thing if
we don't stop this sure what my daughter
season you want to impress me
here's your chance
this is it irritating at all
but he'd not be dumb and we need to find
food
food has now become priority and I went
the wrong way I'm a dumbass yeah well
it's not gonna hurt us
and she's gonna be irritating
fruit up there are you there I think no
there's not what
and yeah that's that's what was a Frank
West statuette he's referenced in the
game but he's not in the game
no timer in this game once you get to
the overtime mode it pauses until you
actually start the end encounter so
technically right now I've got infinite
time if I wanted to do a full
playthrough on nightmare I could use
this time right now to get all the
collectables shed but I have I have no
interest in doing that
otice The Forgotten men oh I don't know
if you've seen it you you see Otis's
funeral in this one you go to a funeral
home and as a coffin and portrait next
to the coffin and it's Otis's portrait
which for some reason they took a
picture of him wearing his work jacket
but hey whatever
Otis was a character can bed rising
women utterly confused by just talking
about
oh by the way playing this game I'm at
level 50 but I never fully leveled up my
my life bar so I don't have any of the
regenerating health crap and I don't
have the infinite items spawning Locker
that goes anywhere with you either
shit's just broken man
I met a girl during a zombie outbreak
myself way back then
listen
so so Chuck just fuck things up with
Stacy Forsyth from Dead Rising 2 that's
nice that's nice
fuck you shark you don't get a happy
ending
this is better off than Frank was at the
ending of Dead Rising for oh not if you
pay for the real ending fuck Dead Rising
for
maryanne don't you understand
will create outbreaks anywhere we want
to we can control where it goes and when
we're done kill the Kings oh yeah Dead
Rising four you have to pay for the real
ending
it would have been good to you Marion
it's not like any other man would have
shock
my car disappeared ah lovely limits why
do my car disappear we're gonna find a
new car come on Chuck rain
check it in the car we got shit to do
Chuck Chuck Chuck
my aim has left me all right let's have
way too much time getting that car
we're gonna
yeah but I totally wanted to grab that
not get in the car
fuck that up then again I I didn't
why are they that's weird that's just
weird
yep
I was getting the headshots left right
earlier all right motherfuckers you
motherfuckers
alright go on that way best way there is
actually probably
yes now we're flipping this car
these zombies drop guns you probably use
some more guns
is that a constant yeah that's a side
mission I've ignored
and voice favorite bridge
how the hell did you find Isabella Keys
last time I saw her that director who
was shot carried out there
right
yeah that works that totally works for
me
oh come on
are you squished
okay gun hands are awesome fucking
awesome and I now love gun hands
you get into bed alright goodnight I
swear I'm almost done
you know the driving in this game blows
or it's just highways husband jerk jerk
stop wasting bullets wrong button
wait for me where's that did I oh wait
I overshot my mark
good question
nick has a four he is a fucking fool he
is the cure to to this zombie stuff and
he's putting himself in foolish mortal
danger
am I done I'll be done sure you can just
leave y'all just stick around fine man
yep
somebody get aboard I'm just is there
brawling
do you want to guess how he's gonna die
take a take a guess how he's going to
die
I am
here's something I do know there is no
cure for this
I was worried that guy I can't you know
you just met this fucker
my first look so satisfied yeah I really
don't I mean
this isn't much of a challenge
the game in general is pretty pretty
easy
Katie you gonna do better Kenny Katie
wants that cure Katie wants that zombie
cures what Katie wants she knows what's
what she she knows what's what
all right Ridge tending s little half
the side missions there we go one that
much longer than I thought with me
mega buster yeah I know you can get the
Mega Buster in this oh well there's
here's the after credits thing
annoying car backtracking the game
finished like a half an hour I said I'd
be out of my way
optional boss
are you doing this is it for the money I
don't give a shit
I'm going to make up for what my brother
did and restore the good name of our
family be a hero for once and for all
time
be fun if you didn't bitch about the
game I said kind things about this game
deal with it I said it's slightly better
than mediocre it's not that bad deal
with it if it's your favorite thing ever
when we just agreed disagreed man
it's not terrible it's better my initial
view yeah brother this game what playing
at this game grew on me a little bit
ain't got nothing on Dead Rising 1 or 2
you need to you need to fix the map huge
open world it turns out maybe not such a
great idea 1 you you you got tedious car
slog and road blocks just say you liked
it virtual I said it slightly better
than mediocre that's saying I liked it
Dead Rising for next I know I said I
wouldn't do this one and I still
technically didn't do a starting from
level one perfect run but dead rising
for almost certainly not that's almost
certainly Anna you're not going to
believe me and that's my fault but
almost certainly not my by a spot that
has a safehouse on Martha we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna take a look and
see if we can do this find this Mega
Buster thing
not dead rising for what's next in my
agenda
I was thinking I may be revisiting some
old PlayStation 2 stuff there's some
shorter games on the PlayStation 2 I get
no death run all right skip you I needed
to get to a la huaca I've loaded up
chapter 6 in game and we're gonna find
herself a locker room and we're gonna
see how this mega buster is fortunately
means I have no items and I need to
clear out a safe house it shouldn't be
that all the way up there I'm fine just
do it
no weapon I can make the lead pipe
give me a lead pipe all that was
terrible
yes I got right now
really
all right safe house is clear it means I
get to the locker where would it be
firearms properly unless they put it in
combo weapons for no good reason
I'm gonna check not think so
guns weren't guns
honestly if we're gonna do that you go
whole hog right
it doesn't charge I'll just bounce so
that's neat
and I can't charge the shot
what about the game over screen looks
like
whoa okay spoon something new today
yeah the gun fingers were better that
was yeah that was just fanservice yes I
never died no not during the game not
there in the main game I did fucking
around at the end and I kind of let it
happen
it's a fuck you game well this game
takes so long to just end the fucking
game humble bragging I'm gonna hunt the
bread it's not really humble bragging
what is Dead Rising 3 this game is so
easy fuckin chia pet could know death
run dead rising 3 alright you know thank
our subscribers here SGC candy says any
mobile they say any mo which I can't
pronounce shut the door turn smuggling
for 12 months in a row says thanks again
for all the fine entertainment you fucks
lol Don my Wilson plus 1 V plus I've
maybe Plus live I'm gonna call that
close I've
citizen Myra just this guy you know for
38 motherfucking months in a row purple
space bazooka for 37 motherfucking
months in a row says 37 months as part
of this magnificent half heck fraud
parade thanks for all you do take care
thank you Mario Mario 42 with 44
motherfucking months in a row says last
week I had a fourth date with a girl at
my place and let me pick in the last
last week I had a fourth date with a
girl at my place and let me pick the
movie for the night
I chose fateful findings was this a bad
choice this early in the relationship no
every movie I watch with her is
guaranteed to not be as good you'll get
the know she likes bad movies that's
valuable I haven't seen faithful
findings yet I'm pushing for Casper says
resetting to technical difficulties of
the stream thank you on the old innate
aah laughter swe
core wag bruiser Inc for 17 months and
roses hey guys
enjoy some free Amazon money UPS has
messed up so bad delivering to me over
the past month my prime was extended six
months by Amazon congratulations
crazy Elvis says this must be broken
since this is at least the fourth time
I've remembered to subscribe Moki p85
for 44 motherfucking months in the row
in the room 44 motherfucking months in a
row bleach me so hey guys
so that's time of the month for more
free money keep up the good work
you want them to Heinz
I know jest for 17 months and roses hey
any chance any chance for some
old-school FPS game scream maybe quick
one there are high res texture mods that
make it look great
I wouldn't have done stuff like brutal
doom in the past it's not it's not out
of the realm of possibility there are no
current plans to though dark matter 431
mother's not motherfucking monster you
got an early motherfucking dark matter
431 fucking months in a row says even
wooden riches hate gaming hate playing a
game this is loads of fun hey I wouldn't
call that up I hate playing it's it's a
resentful play because it represents the
the ruination of Dead Rising but I think
Dead Rising 3 in and of itself is fine
captain Scott Bakula says 5 month
anniversary and we play the game that
spelled the doom for one of my favorite
series yes
thanks rich still appreciate the fun
guys sea captain's got back in like a
recent paper and Gideon
so come observe a Tron 9000
for 16 months in a row stormtrooper he
acts storm Templar so sorry I was late
today but I had a date and that is more
important than y'all I know she's a
keeper cuz she likes
rlm congratulations meridian soul
epi anonymous 5:30 skeptic says time
flies when you've got AIDS
pretzels 1 3 3 7 doctor guacamole
Magnus PU for 37 motherfucking months in
a row machine gun funk for 22 fucking
months in her own dead guns 12 says
prereq Oh free oh those are three emotes
prereq body and Pyrrhic god yeah house 3
most so
boxer custo said dully roll 90 dully
read I don't know my it's late my eyes
are blurry I can't read that shit I'm an
old man I need glasses says an odd
question has any of you seen a goofy
movie I actually have not my opinion
Disney's best animated movie that's
that's a bold claim it's the most mature
and relatable movie I've seen it's it
being more mature than some of their
other movies and does a father and son
issues right but ok deserves to be among
the classics also I guess now
subscription streaks are included for
twitch prime hey Congrats not Captain
Picard says I am the terror that flaps
in the night
I am the metal key on the sardine can of
justice I am not Christian Bale yes
protect my balls
says your reviews are great Thank You
Gio a bum one Bob Muhammad I think it's
Bahamut goe Muhammad kingcraft Alex
station for 17 months in a row but
nubbins 182 says so what do you guys
think about Bendis joining DC will it
have any impact on the DC Cu or no no
this is overrated he's done some good
stuff but he's overrated he's the man
who just turned comics into a slow-paced
slog
I know I know originally his his
stretched-out storytelling style was was
it was kind of refreshing it was neat it
was different but oh my god a tissue was
just to tell one story arc and that's
like that's like most of a fucking year
s Carson says I am now fully developed
prereq baby happy birthday to me
birthday just kill me first death John
for 15 months in a row Ferdinand
Ferdinand Oh mixes and open up there's
more I'm scrolling down low dumb for 14
months and roses now that Jack's gone
let's take a moment
tucked behind his back I think he's a
swell guy he's no rich but then again
who is rich due to the rescue roll-off
matech for 17 months in a row Lex Disick
curious jello puffs mags says congrats
this now a serious highschool
relationship and King V mr. seven six
five mutters stuff thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do listen Jack yeah good
night I didn't hit the button I thought
I hit the but I didn't hit the button
