May 27, 2018
Space Quest
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269170974
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269171684
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ils2ZZg9PbU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN29neOVLkw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1000832938471231488

[Part I]
the opening the excellent opening space
request three so of course it's an
excellent opening its this one seems
even excellent or though like a buzz
behind this is when they start stepping
up their game shares your lame like oh
my god people are actually playing these
games shit yet we got to get our shit
together are you ready yeah go hit it
how do I make it feel so no it just
starts fullscreen oh except for it's not
showing up
what doesn't shown up in xsplit
maybe way they waits for the game
showing up before how do I make it an
app fullscreen all tab all dinner was
showing up I know was
there is photos we just had to alternate
my sit and bring it back alright hey it
worked
hey there we go this yeah it has been an
indeterminate amount of time since space
since Roger Wilco rocketed away from
vocals burning space fortress time
stands still for our hero in suspended
animation its engines long spent in a
small escape pod drifts aimlessly
through unfamiliar star fields its
course altered many times by small
asteroids and space debris inside Roger
lies undisturbed in his sleep chamber
but not for long
dun dun dun look at that the escape pod
that we escaped in oh that's just cool
it just looks cool yeah
well I loved this game when I was a kid
this is I I haven't fine memories of
this one because it's the first one I
I'd beat with relatively little outside
help
oh ok sure sure relatively little I mean
still some outside some outside help
there Ruben pew-pew
looks just like Dark Souls remastered
very possible very possible but someone
said just thing that I know and I wanted
to say the thing that they said that the
thing was the thing I knew is in there
right right the pod considered to be
nothing more than another piece of scrap
is taken aboard a robot commanded
garbage freighter
unfortunately these robots have no
regard for organics that would be Oh
we're an organic oh I get it the small
power pod is jarred by a sudden shock
which triggers the sleep chambers
revived mode as the glass a shroud
slides back Roger slowly begins to
regain consciousness
Oh awesome
look at that face look at that big dumb
face do they add voices
titty oh come on Reiser wake up oh oh
look they gave him a head turn that's
pretty impressive live entirely it's an
entirely revamp sponsor you notice the
sounds from the pod grow softer till
they are imperceptible that's I got a
hand yeah having served its purpose and
tax its resources the pod gives a final
hum and shuts down you still type what
you do with this one unless unless they
completely changed this for one of the
releases
look around you are standing at a debris
chunk junk Bay an escape pod rest in the
middle of the room there are chunks of
metal lying around which seem to be
small sections of old space where
that's right get comfortable with the
save function oh I suppose yeah okay
what was the save function again five in
these old ones it's probably still f5
now then look at this new look at this
fancy new saving actually that's
technically the the emulator this is
running on oh this habit just having a
cursor and can I cook oh I can click
Roger around yeah you can also move the
old fashioned way too oh yeah like I
hate it's a nice middle ground between
point-and-click and parser sure what is
happening here there's a thing that
you're trying to walk and do oh sure
look right look at ground look at ground
sure the floor is composed of a mosaic
overlapping welded steel plates the
Minesh the menage a views metal plates
appear to up and cut from a variety of
sources there's a small round object
lying nearby a closer look at the object
on the floor reveals that it is a warp
motivator that sounds important yeah it
looks a bit more high-tech than the
other junk strewn about the local the
locale I know how to read sturdily
constructed it's only Preston profusion
Wow
it's only protrusion is a modular plug
near its base
wait what am I looking in I think that
thing down there pick up
warp modulate or object pick up eject
while relatively small it seems to be
quite dense I think we're looking at a
potential hernia many attempts are made
to manually relocate it okay okay but it
has it has a small protrusion so I'm
looking to put something into it right
look at plug look at object hold on yeah
that's a bit more high-tech in there
okay I'll circuit right it's only
protrusion is a modular plug near its
base okay sure
look at plug to be eight pronged plug
protrudes only slightly from the
motivators exterior it's got a like a
plug like that you plug into outlet on
the bottom a plug not not the pro on the
socket it's got the prom it's got the
lady part it's got the pro no it's got
some guy perps oh it's got the guy part
intrusions oh um pick up plug no okay I
thought it might might be a cord see III
really can't help you too much for this
because I remember a lot of it sure sure
okay no that's fine this is one of my
favorites grown up nothing nothing but
fond memories for me of the Space Quest
I am carrying a glowing gem okay that
the only thing that when you the one you
got from the last game it's still in
your inventory oh oh I can come down
here you can go many places I I you know
what for some reason I assumed their
screen down below you can you go all the
way down like in that middle good
question oh yeah
Oh a TIE fighter in Acme rocket the Acme
rockets far cuter if you ask me
various types of abandoned spacecraft
litter the floor of this intergalactic
junkyard all this place needs is a
junkyard dog you shiver at the thought
as Jack never played adventure games
from the Golden Arrows only only on
stream only on stream try another word
apparently loot did you say you type
loot instead of look of him I guess no
well I did want to loot it how about
that you search things this bulbous
craft looks like it has seen a lot of
action in its day you believe it to be a
bow tie fighter dating back to the
Cologne Wars a true relic that's too
soon Jack I hate to be a bother
yeah how are we how do we get to where I
see the damn visitor yeah ok ok coffee
show up there yeah search shift I hate
to be a bother but but I'm gonna be a
bother
is that so that's all I'm gonna say is I
don't want to be a bother but I'm gonna
bother you so hey I had to
apparently that's fine that wasn't
anything Oh thing when I think is going
up why
oh it's like a garbage thing Jupiter 2
so the losted space ship I know I'm look
at the big robot hand back there that's
this is that's a good looking screen
right there yeah that's just a beautiful
screw yeah they got they got their
references in here oh yeah they know
what's up you are overwhelmed by the
variety of space trash around each
corner a large bucket conveyor carries
shredded ships to a horizontal conveyor
hi
okay Goblin guard says job with the
gooks space question prereq together
again it's nice to know some parts of
the universe are still alright thanks
for this up left after solo also happy
Memorial Day there's a great deal on a
game called DC Universe Online for the
ps4 it's free you fucks not Aldi bring
them back and a whole D alright see
that's over here
what is the hand of reference to I'm not
sure maybe nothing I just think it looks
cool what happens are you to have a look
at hand someone is Android somewhere
there's an oversized Android missing a
limb no does that is there anything on
the spaceship the Jupiter 2 is a big
open panel hmm are we going to beat this
game on stream I'm not against it they
look like nice pieces of metal which
have been welded together there might be
nothing there maybe bad
it says Jupiter 2 this baby must have
been floating around out there for a
long time it doesn't hold your interest
for very long
okay fine maybe it holds my interest
game you ever think about that all right
well then I missed something over here I
didn't say we're gonna beat this all
tonight no no sometimes these take a
couple streams yeah especially if we're
if we're feeling particularly crocodile
brained look and ground floor it out
metal can we turn up the walk speed yeah
we could but I'm not gonna how about
that if you're comfortable with the
speed keep it at this Beach yeah I like
the speed you know I like to I like to
work I like to go and leisurely walks
remember remember Space Quest - no I I
told you to turn it up - faster and then
you put it up the fastest it's
ridiculous literally as fast as the
processor could handle but it was a game
made 30 years ago yeah that's great
the square object looks like an empty
component cover for some craft it covers
nothing but decnet okay well Stella
found anything for that plug no tank
over there oh we're at a bit of an
impasse here rich oh you know what I
haven't gotten right yet yeah
is there anything on the ship that you I
don't think I think I said it if I'm
suggesting hints it's only one that
there's my memories vague if I
definitely remember how to solve a
puzzle I'm not gonna say shit yeah and I
appreciate that
no the door's locked okay anything back
here no let's go this way
this looks like a nice inviting area
I've always liked that that skeleton
robot in the foreground oh look at that
yeah oh that's great that's a great
little skeleton robot here for those did
oh you guys might not be able to see it
bottom bottom right corner legacy it's
right right over my head real quick I'm
gonna turn us off yeah a little robot
okay back to the game full-screen mode
on okay dude they gave me a nice time
well you know what let's look around
because we always should look around
right around you are quite impressed by
the size of this junk freighter the
skeletal remains of a strip town space
tanker stage why half-buried scrapped
someone or some thing has done a real
job on this tanker was this the result
of some space battle or perhaps you're
not the only one roaming around in here
how did you see that shadow that's a
nice detail yeah they were they were
they were starting to step their game up
yeah this one is that like a transformer
head japanese-style in general like like
transformers slash Gundam sure sure that
looks like something Jax Wow an ancient
model of a battle bot I bet you'd hate
to run into whatever brought this big
guy down it looks like something poked
it in the eye I'm pretty hard on the
references right now around gutted
carcass if the tanker opens up to reveal
even more junk the metal head rests
nearby that's a search head it was too
stupid now look at head
we didn't oh wait you know what let's
look at that can we go in the eye
whoa Oh what oh gosh you stepped off a
metallic and escarpment and tumbled into
the darkness twisted jagged remnants of
old vehicles reach out to slow your Dark
Descent cutting short your life in the
process god damn you space quests oh you
know what I was just so mad I didn't
even want to and then do that again yeah
wait am i well i said i said it's way
over here oh wow space quest with your
gosh-darn cliffs they do love their
cliffs escarpment that's a nice word
yes this is emulation but this is see
for reasons like the processor speed bug
yeah older Space Quest games you you
kind of need to emulate these yeah yeah
there's there's no way these games would
run on modern systems and so you know
you need to have your computer pretend
it's an older computer or sometimes shit
goes wrong right
f5 yes five save - okay all right let's
uh let's have a nice ball yeah let's
just check it out yeah whoa
look that's horrifying
I know it's great it wouldn't be so bad
except for the sudden stop at the end
next time don't get so close to the edge
that's horrifying
I mean you know I'm funny sure all right
yeah yeah check out the I want to check
out that I cuz obviously look at I there
are two eyes in the battlebot head one
of them has been broken reach-in I enter
climb wait wait wait typo hope hi nice
oh look at that chip yeah I know what's
in each chip that is a neat ship and
stickers yeah oh look at that pod that's
something right you know what that looks
like actually that looks like who's
who's the the new voice in Portal 2
Watley Watley doesn't that look like
Watley yeah no that I'm sure it's from
something but 2001 oh sure yeah yeah you
find yourself at the bottom of another
trash pit an interesting array of alien
artifacts is strewn from one end to the
other a large ship is in the middle and
a small one is off to the side hmm hmm
Wheatley or Watley that was what lays it
next to pronounce Wheatley may be could
be Wheatley
it's a cute little thing you've never
seen anything like it in these parts but
then where are these parts some writing
is on the on the exterior reads Bowman
was here at the character from they're
not in a good location for climbing that
really seemed like I was in a good luck
agent try enter
No
first name my favorite Spidey villain
I've always been fond of Doc Ock and
then second maybe maybe this is
controversial I'm gonna I'm gonna put
the Hobgoblin I'm gonna put the
Hobgoblin over the Green Goblin you're
gonna put the Hobgoblin over the Green
Goblin this is like it's a sleek-looking
number if you can disregard the junk the
junk it's rooted in it must be a recent
addition to the collection Asst
everything seems to be intact it's done
each side is the name aluminium Ellard
time top is a small hatch a look when a
mallard aluminium why not the yearly
Mallard weekly Mallard that would be a
good one yeah but aluminium mallet is
fine I smile okay uh climb up ship Oh
whoopsie
climb up ship aluminium Mallard can't
just walk up looks like I should be able
to just walk up I'll go over here can I
climb up over here
I'm a ship
try enter ship and search ship
there's a hatch on top can you just walk
up to the the window side you would
think okay maybe I need to get a look at
hatch yeah look and you can't see it
from now long
well fuck man Oh people I go I'm shit I
can climb up the other fucking thing let
me climb the shit
why would you look at shit what does it
say now that I'm paying attention
sleek-looking number and you okay if you
can destroy the jump its rooted in you
know it must be a recent addition to the
collection as everything seems to be
attack edge did you try to look at hatch
yeah I can't do that from down here okay
chip
look at junk all the metal has very
jagged edges on it but otherwise it's
fairly ordinary
mmm climb say I think you're getting the
generic climb message
it might not expect you to go up there
well it says the Hat there's a hatch on
top let's save this is the Sierra game
yeah save three no shad I have not been
to a Rob Zombie concert I've not been to
many concerts in general
Darth UM's is good evening gents I
salute to Jack but direct an inquiry
inquiry to rich have you served played
any of the Simon the sorcerer the Goblin
broken sword or my favorite Indiana
Jones the fate of Atlantis I know
they're all pointing clicks but the
puzzles were okay I've not played any of
those I got a say for them for the most
part III was Ciera guy I loved the Space
Quest
I love the the quest for glory games I
love the police quest games yeah I
haven't played all of them but I've
liked some of the King's Quest games the
I've heard very good things about the
Indiana Jones game we might play that on
stream I think that's a good idea be
completely new to me yeah I think that'd
be a good idea just because I've heard
that is you know like comparing it to
the other fan made Indiana Jones sequel
the the Crystal Skull that this one was
really good
yeah it was a really good Indiana Jones
sequel so okay we know there's a small
ship in a large ship when it comes to
LucasArts I'm familiar with the first
maniac mansion that day the tentacle
because it was point-and-click and I
wasn't I wasn't that interested put in
click and then Grim Fandango
which is point-and-click but there are
exceptions to every rule I don't know
too much about grim fandago sounded cool
I had to check it out mm-hmm
yeah and you know just not growing up in
a in a PC household I the the only I
want to say maybe a friend had maniac
mansion on the NES but even then like I
was far too young to understand what
that even was right during when you know
when I when I had an NES like I think a
friend had it and we tried to play it
and just did not comprehend it cuz of
course is that few years of difference
between you and me yeah exactly
and we'll and on an NES you know you're
playing like you're moving the cursor
with the d-pad and then like what are
these words down here like what what
kind of I want to jump on the goombas
but also I was just very very young so I
didn't comprehend it so like I I had no
concept of what an adventure game was
until years later feels like I should be
able to do something here what happens
if you just type in open hatch by the
ship okay
somebody in the chat is saying there's a
ladder on the right side of the ship on
the wrong the ship's right side then if
there is it should say something about
that
whoa look at ladder I doubt this um
ladder I don't know some weird that
would be weird right if they put a
ladder where you literally can't see it
tapas small hatch
there is no okay no there's no ladder
ship I just want it like I'm looking at
it from different angles to see if it
tells me anything different it's oh it's
it's totally possible it's the kind of
thing where you just don't have
something yet oh right no and I'm you
know I there's also no where else to go
here look I was at least one area you
didn't go to look Oh God Rach you have a
drinking problem you know airplane style
yes I do
have I told you that for a long time I
just didn't understand that joke really
yeah I just didn't understand that he
had a literal problem drinking and not a
drinking problem I go this way yeah well
let's go back up the add the I nope no
Anonymous's hey guys hey anonymous just
to get this out of the way okay
Oh either of you going to see solo
personally I really liked it probably
because it exceeded my already low
expectations thinking about it I liked
it more than rogue one and last Jedi
okay uh Jack you have not seen it yet I
have not seen it yet I have seen it okay
there will for one there will definitely
be no talk of spoilers tonight right
just came out this weekend we never do
that that early cuz a lot of people who
might want to see it haven't had time to
see it yet yeah and also I'm not giving
you anything on my opinion on this movie
until the half of the bag is up yeah
whether I thought it was meh whether I
loved it whether I thought it was the
most disgusting thing ever I am not
giving away anything cuz mike has been
spending a spent like the last two days
painstakingly editing our long-ass
discussion working his ass off to get
the half in the bag up in a timely
manner and wouldn't I be
jackass if I just disclosed how we felt
about it on a stream Kim a little bit
then yeah give it a time yeah give a
little time yeah no and you know I'm I'm
actually surprised at the the half an
bag hasn't gone live yet cuz I'm waiting
that's what I'm waiting for we're
streaming we're streaming and usually
that means they upload something hold on
let me check and the chat would tell us
if they upload no nothing yet but oh
yeah no and you know what spoilers it's
just out this weekend yeah spoilers
spoilers so no spoilers in chat no even
joke spoilers
for those in chat you know the rules we
you let me know if you want hints hints
and I'll tell you things I remember what
I'm what I'm guessing is that it's
something I missed when I went down
before like I'm over here I'll tell you
this much there's an area you missed
there's an area I missed okay yeah let's
see if there's anything down here that I
missed I go this way
can I go this way
No okay can't go that way
maybe we can go this way yeah there's
nothing really much over here we can
stop we can start we can start giving
people who spoil it bands in the chat
absolutely give them any anyone who
heads up anyone who even even as a joke
even if your joke is so ridiculous that
it could not possibly be a spoiler for
solo
you know Han Solo was dead the whole
time that kind of thing
yeah even if it is a joke spoiler you
get a 24 hour ban okay that's that's for
the mods that's for you in the chat 24
hour chat ban because that it's the new
movie let's be kind to people who had
didn't have a chance to see it this
weekend like me who wants to see it I've
been busy if my job weren't to go see
the movie I wouldn't have seen it yet
right I'm interested in seeing it like
I'm not as interested as I was in
something like um like Justice League
where I knew it was gonna be a bit of a
Frankenstein yeah and and I was really
actually like that made me very curious
to see it like oh I can see what Joss
Whedon did I can see what's that like
infinity war where you legitimately want
to see it or like a mover I legitimately
want to see here I know that that Ron
Howard reshot so much that there's gonna
be so little of Lord and Miller left in
there we right like I'm still looking
forward to it it's just not high in my
list yeah yeah but uh oh oh wait this is
this is it no it's not
we attack that I found it I found it I
made it up things
Oh God to do anything
I should have saved I should have saved
now fine or am i jump you have time to
think what why why can't you get away
right now I'm on a conveyor belt in'
okay hold on why can't you get away
because there's something right above me
no because you're sitting down
wait Helen I want to see if something
works Oh God
you did it jack oh god you did it on
your first try well you should you did
you gave me the stand-up hint that was
your fault I could have died there rich
I could have died if you didn't give me
that hand I know it's gotta be tough
because you know all the good stuff you
know it all so you couldn't step on the
other pipes
you couldn't step on the other pipes
ah dang zit golly gee crackers ah ah
gosh just just for fun yeah save before
before you go up and then save after you
get up see what you see what happens if
you don't get up in time uh yeah yeah
yeah yeah this game yeah
come on move
move your dang Roger Wilco
let's go space janitor I didn't get too
cocky I I got siarad that looked like a
clear area that I could walk and it was
not this isn't something this isn't
something I remember but somebody in the
chat saying they think there's something
on the ground in the area with the robot
that's nothing I I remember specifically
so I'm reading that there's that green
thing on the ground but what happens
when you say look at ground now let's go
back over here like there's that bright
green thing but I looked at that already
I'm not reading that one because I kind
of remember that the floor drop oh how
the floor drops off near the large robot
it would have warned me so like there's
this thing I think that's just nothing
but yeah I can't yeah that's nothing
valiant attempt but that's nothing
boom-boom-boom
okay come on Roger we'll come on
he gets caught on a little thing right
there and it's really upsetting yeah it
looks a little Power Rangers head all
right everything's fine
here we go again yeah try it again don't
don't forget to say don't forget to save
go this go this way did I ever play Lord
of the realms by Sierra I'm gonna be
honest I I haven't even heard of that
one Lord of the realm
not not heard of it
Oh
say before you get on there and save
after you there I'd say by the way
you're absolutely right yeah new save
what are we on for before ok we are
saved
there we go
we're on and does the game pause when I
start typing yes I think so
wow that's kind of different than yeah
that was a pretty big improvement oh
yeah he had time to think I said this
this is one there were really starting
to step up their game alright and wait
wait just for fun well save it then I
think I said just for fun yeah yes we
had our we had our full discussion about
solo on you can just go check earlier in
the stream to see what we thought yep
yep just go back to the beginning scream
shredded like an iran-contra document oh
wow yeah topical yeah USDA beef that's
great that's great oh shit stand up jump
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Roger Wilco space
Janet or hello look at you look at you
but you knew that was gonna happen
why didn't he I'm pretty sure there's
another way to do this
why didn't he follow the track that's
right I legitimately did not know that
was going to happen I will hold but I
want to see what happens if I go the
other direction before I try to do that
one again
sweet cheese and clean
the ledges odd because Sierra uh well
that I mean that was a little bit tricky
he's walking on the track with no
problem as an 84 system as in 84 hey
y'all happy Memorial Day happy Memorial
Day I'm off four days from work and
super thrilled about it anyways here's a
tip for you especially rich on an old
breath of the wild stream oh yeah you
see best of worst and it's soul B OTW
yeah yeah you use bums to hunt for fish
now firming the stamina fish is a breeze
in master mode thanks you're welcome
so I think someone in the chat gave me
that suggestion anyway so yeah in this
room derail makes a u-turn there's a
machine here which hangs under the rail
there is a chute at the bottom in the
middle our panels of monitoring devices
being tended by Android save this save
six
look at claw nope he said khlo look at
flash viewing angle doesn't allow that
look at machine a grabber hangs beneath
a rail there is a seat for a driver and
there was a claw underneath that looks
capable of grabbing things Oh
climb down not bad not bad
plopping into the seat you grasped the
forward backward control of the grabber
I was doing it that's Adairsville that's
great
alright now we're moving now we're
rocking and or rolling
right about here Oh do you know what
you're doing
what I'm thinking yeah yeah I'm I'm
delighted
I I came up the shoe right so I'm now
above all the levels I was and that
thing with the plummet through with the
plugs is probably right around there and
they say Jack doesn't puzzle good I know
I look at controls or something drop Wow
look look look at machine there's
something there's gotta be something
right from your seat you see a handle
presently being gripped by you which
controls the motion and a button marked
claw there you go press baton baton what
do we think how close am i becoming a
dungeon master made him level up you
know like I I've been thinking about
that like because I'm right now I'm
working on my next on my next quest on
my next dungeon and so yeah you do have
to like you have to think about puzzles
and then you have to think about how
you're gonna set up that puzzle right oh
here's that here's the thing though I
actually don't know what I'm gonna do
with this device hit f3 I want to do
something again that's a really easy way
to do it I know that's great and you
know like when when you're trying to
think of a puzzle you want to try to
think of then a few ways to oh it's
pretty close that might do it I think I
think it's definitely gonna do it nice
the cloth senses contact with the warp
motivator grasps it firmly and begins
the ascent back to the grabber now I
don't know what I'm gonna do with this I
know but you figured out that you can do
something like that got it what I'm
assuming I'm assuming that has to go to
the ship okay ah you know that's all I
got
because that ship I guess is what is
supposed to be my way out of here so the
ship now but the ship was one level down
from the from the robot you know what I
should say yeah but there was a big pit
on the edge of the robot oh that's right
so actually that might be in the front
then you know what I'm gonna do right
now
nice save I'm just gonna you you save as
much as you want there's nothing wrong
with it great I got a thing in now got a
thing now
yeah so I think I'm gonna come around
the front yeah
all right here we go doing great space
janitor just you know controlling
machinery
well let's kill me
No so where do we think where do we
think the 8-mile draw my input did you
kind of know what you're doing anyway
I think you're going to farm that could
be so it's like here maybe maybe it's
just this one right here
now that looks like a pile of junk let's
see what happens if we drop it in the
next screen
hey not quite right but that's enough
sensing the floor the claw releases the
cargo and begins this oh no oh no that's
not what I wanted to do you probably you
probably what you get it again yeah yeah
yeah I'm assuming f2 f3 f3
I'm assuming it has to go on the ship
somehow but it could be wrong one way to
find out Jack exactly no trial and error
trial and error no and you know when I
was designing my first my first dungeon
I thought a lot about adventure games
and I thought a lot about like how we
were solving puzzles by just kind of
like feeling out the world and so it's
like oh yeah well maybe if I do this you
know this will give them an option a
option beam this is this is just
straight-up character development one
he's figuring it out figuring it out no
and you know the we have some we have
some friends oh yeah perfect
sensing an adequate surface the cloth
releases the cargo and begins the ascent
to the grabber unit the object thuds
into place within the cavity of the ship
you're welcome we have some friends
coming over tomorrow for Memorial Day
yeah and you know they're like they're
their friends who also have a kid about
our kids age and we've been talking to
them about this whole Dungeons & Dragons
crazy thing right yeah and they they've
they seem relatively into an actually
they said hey like could you put
together like something small for us to
do with our kid and maybe we could do it
all as a group yeah
and so like I've put together like just
a thing that only has like three or four
encounters to it you know either puzzles
or battle encounters and I guess I
we could maybe then we can have a little
groove baby but you know that puts the
pressure on as far as like restraint you
know like they're not strangers but like
you know with people who aren't family
now we gotta now we got to do some some
crazy stuff John blast from the past
Jack yeah
tgd Phoenix and the chat says Space
Quest 3 was actually the first game to
include spikes in game play please tell
Jack thank you rich there are spikes in
Space Quest 3 and it was the first game
to include spikes I don't know that for
sure I'm just reading I'm reading things
yeah but that's the spikes reference
does a nice blast yeah oh yeah all right
there was this room over here I want to
see if I can do anything in this room oh
I see I see where I can do things I'm
with it
here save before you do anything say
before I do anything say before I do
anything I do I forget to save 8 all
right I mean I'm just gonna try to get
out right yeah wow that's great fucking
fuck
oh no oh good what oh I thought I'd died
I didn't die fortunately you come into a
relatively soft landing at a pile of
debris Space Quest gave me the old
bait-and-switch two steps forward one
step back well but I thought I died and
Sara Lee said I'm dying
oh shit oh shit there's wolves you seem
to be in a debris enclosed hollow poking
out of the ceiling is the chute which
you originally entered through some
crusty lamps linked by non ul-approved
wire provide additional illumination
that'll help you now
but I don't know about help me like I
don't know I'm alright that's fine
got it maybe I didn't want it now how
about that look at rats right
oh they're rats I thought they were well
I think they're rats but you hear
something scurrying around above you you
can't actually see the rats because
they're hidden in the shadows Oh
space rats space rats
oh there's a ladder so obviously x wing
wing plane buh buh yeah
bending aside a thin piece of scrap you
find an opening into an other area and
climb on in huh
you're the bottom left oh can you get
back down from there Trek climb down
move over just a little bit to the right
try a little bit more to the right well
there you go
so if I need that wire later I know
where to go
okay so now I dropped it in the ship so
I can go back to the ship now and maybe
it'll do something he is the planet grab
the ladder what happened grab the lad
did you know I mean I climbed so I
grabbed it sure
do do do do do do do do do do do do not
selling I'm chat don't tell me I'm not
telling them don't tell me nothing I'm
not selling them I don't want you to
tell me nothing you don't want to tell
me nothing
occasionally I I know occasionally just
remind me to save I I know one arm
you darn hippies one arm dude says on
battle tank well I'd also like
unrestricted customization on the mechs
it does seem to fit plot wise that 100%
custom max aren't available in the
backwoods of the universe no that's why
I want to make one either way
glad that you guys will be reviewing it
soon and love the stream welcome wait I
thought I put the thing in the ship you
did
well it's got a a warp-core in it now
which is nice it probably wouldn't have
flown without that sure but I guess that
doesn't power it or anything
Oh enough enough enough tell me then you
want a hit huh tell me when you want a
hit yeah I will do you remember how you
got out of the rat pit the ladder yeah
yeah yeah
really what I guess I just assumed that
the the latter was uh was glued to the
floor if you will that's a letter I can
just take the ladder gosh dang it
come on go come on go I said I saw
someone in chat by the way and by the
way chat I'm not looking at you very
often because I don't want spoilers and
I look over just so you know check out
the chat a little bit and I see
someone's who says grab ladder yeah and
I don't know if you knew the answer if
you're just trying to help but like I
know I I saw that I was like hi hat grab
the ladder yeah I did it when I climbed
it you know one of those things if you
know the answers to the puzzle please
don't tell me and you might just be
playing along the ladder puzzle is by
far the dumbest puzzle in the game that
is a dumb problem it might be one I
needed help with when I was 12
yeah well but generally like I would
never think to like grab a piece of the
floor you know grab a ladder you grab
the ladder and jam it in your pocket oh
this game ciara their classic sierra
it's an object though it it is an object
but it's also part of the scenery you
know it's a little bit of both it's that
gray area so not the worst puzzle in the
world but also the worst puzzle in the
world you know
kibosh malarkey says if you could add
one thing to the world and take another
away what would they be and why it's
like a Barbara Walters question when
she's just trying to throw someone off
like we had a tree would you be
what what now tell me now tell me about
the associations oh yeah yeah dumbass
tree question huh I'll tell you all
about the accusations it's like a job
interview when they ask you what do you
see yourself in five years just so they
can hear you why right and as at this
company definitely at this company I use
a ladder step working for your nearest
competitor mm-hmm
cuz they'll probably pay me more you
notice it beast you notice it to be
slick up here be careful you know what
that means Jack's a minute number nine
boom look at you guys watch Yahtzee and
game play this no but I I played this a
lot when I was a kid mm-hmm
or enthusiastically at least like this
you might not have been here earlier but
I I have fond memories of this game as
being the the first Sierra game I beat
with relatively little help right look
at hatch I did that as a small hatch try
opening it no cuz it's slick up here and
the fact be war we warned you to be
careful did you listen no good luck next
time except for the sudden stop at the
end
look at his fucking hand that's
horrifying listen it's a game for kids
you move into position and grabbing the
dull finish of the hatches handle
commence to open and enter the ship at
first you are surprised at how intact
the ship's interior is and immediately
you you're immediately it's your rights
is a panel with a red button at midship
on the right wall is the ship's main
diagnostic computer directly across our
two passenger seats ahead of you is the
cockpit it's the first thing you should
do its press save
is save before I press the button which
is what I want to do
okay so now we press button the ramp is
mobilized by the junk is laying in so
you exit through the hatch instead the
hat the button might be then from a
landing thing well the pressing the
button makes me leave this is say what
the button is for look at the button
just the ramp oh oh okay okay so when
you want to or Malay when you would want
to leave the ship you would hit that
button right power critically low oh
shit no excuse me
power critically low auxilary reactor
not online in just a timeout automatic
apparently f3 oh right insufficient
power to commence with system check
using stored power below 10% okay so I
need to find a power I'll look around
let's look at seat however the pilot
seat is where you'd rather I don't know
but some on the ground will right is it
a little right that looks like a little
hatch look at captain chair gain Florida
cabin consists mainly of a ramp that is
currently shut an access panel that has
been removed to reveal an empty reactor
compartment look at panel that look at
wall surge compartment look at
compartment
you look into Cabot into the cavity and
notice only two cable ends someone has
made off with the ship's power supply
okay alright so I need a power supply
yep and an auxilary reactor
oh really just a power supply yes well
alright well let's keep moving on then
push button let's do it yeah Stewart go
to the ladder the ladder you fuck burger
king diamond says yesterday I watched a
movie called my lovely burnt brother and
his squash brain an 80s
sov film from Italy it was so bad that
it made feeders look like a Bergman film
avoid it and all costs
will do fucking hated feeders I mean it
was bad it was a bad movie fuse was bad
obviously my blood shot says what game
from the Xbox ps2 GameCube memory do you
think was drastically overlooked I think
that Destroy All Humans eternal darkness
and psyops the mind Gaede conspiracy
were sadly forgotten
I think the first Maximo got a little
bit of attention when it first came out
but the sequel which is better in every
way is definitely overlooked Maximo
versus the army of Zin also zone of the
enders to the second runner one of the
best fucking action games ever fucking
made nobody ever talks about it hmm
alright there's a remaster of it on the
PlayStation 3 it's also on the Xbox 360
but I don't think they patched that
version to run right
okay and ran the the remake the
re-release the remaster ran like crap
out of the box I I've always heard I've
I've never I don't even know I don't
even know what the gameplay looks like
but I have always heard that eternal
darkness is this long-forgotten gem of a
game yeah I can't even tell you what
kind of game it is I have no idea I
don't know what it looks like all I know
is what the box looks like is that lady
with the flashlight okay that's the only
thing I know about eternal darkness and
but I've always heard that oh that's the
everyone missed out on the greatest game
and I'm actually very interested in
playing it I have a copy at home and a
Gamecube there's a second remaster of
zone of the enders 2 coming out on ps4
that sign me up son me the fuck up
well rich yeah what's going on that's
well that's my question
I don't want you to tell me yet this the
reactor this I don't remember okay so I
can't really help you I don't know yeah
I'm a bit at a loss right now as to
where to go my plan is there was that
there was that there was that room with
the robot in it on the other side of the
that little walkway that I went on yeah
and so I'm gonna head back over there if
we get desperate we can just look shit
up yeah that's well I'm sure the chat
already knows yes
so I'm not too worried but that's my
plan for now is just to go back up here
cuz that seemed to have its add some
unexplored shit to it well is there an
area that you'd feel like you haven't
explored it that well I don't know I
mean you know there I haven't been to
any new areas I don't know what you mean
well yeah the computer room with the
robot I I haven't been in there but I
saw it you know I haven't been in there
but I saw it and so that's my plan
alright drop me on on the thing
Oh Jack are you forgetting something
to save something that would well do you
want to join a hint cuz it might come in
handy and it might save time if we you
tell me am I forgetting something if you
want a hint or just me to tell you well
I have a gem right inventory I have a
glowing gem let me let me do this first
okay if you you kind of know what
they're saying right yeah okay yeah give
me a give me a minute here let me let me
check out this robot over here and see
what's up with that robot then if when I
fail you you'd let me know what's up
yeah see look at that robot look at that
that seems like something important
right
rich who is your favorite fictional band
fictional band Oh hands down Dethklok
hands down Dethklok yeah they're pretty
great yeah they're pretty great I fell
off a thing we haven't seen footwork
like that since Gerald Ford a dated but
wonderful reference unfortunately your
fall causes you to make contact with the
non-moving deck below the resulting
impact forces the cancellation of your
subscription to life yeah yeah all right
I button right wall is the ship's main
diagnostic computer directly across
capacities I had to use the cockpit to
be fair the the the Gerald Ford falling
reference has a head I had had some legs
just because of Chevy Chase and Saturday
Night Live they would make fun of that
you were sitting in the pilot's seat of
this sporty little ship in front of you
is the control panel which contains a
computer screen both computers it
doesn't even a fictional band don't they
have to play real music unless is a fan
of the TV shown you just never see them
perform but I'm presuming the question
was referencing things like Dethklok and
the monkeys or Lionel tap no gorillas
are well the animated band the actual
gorilla zzzz
like that's so like here let's get into
crazy samman yeah right where it's like
okay Dethklok is a fictional band
yes but it's written all the songs are
written by real and performed by real
people who are just putting on a persona
so by that by that a definition you're
kind of a real man is kiss a fictional
band because it's real people putting on
the persona right what's you know huh so
how does that work they're all real
bands surprisingly you can find some
gray areas there yes yeah yeah this is
what I'm saying like spice spinal tap is
great like their music isn't that great
but they're great Dethklok has it over
spinal tap well they're okay Dethklok is
both a funny parody of a heavy metal the
heavy metal band and yet also they have
some really good music right you get the
best of both worlds from Dethklok
exactly
yeah get up I wish I wish they'd
finished Metalocalypse I really wish
they that stings yeah yeah okay rich
yeah what am I forgetting the ladder
bring it with you I think is the
suggestion
oh that's a good suggestion by the way
yeah it's a fantastic suggestion good
suggestion everyone oh wait wait I wish
Metalocalypse had ended a season earlier
they got into the weeds hard all right
when Metalocalypse released that special
the the doom star Requiem that should
have been a cliffhanger that should have
been the conclusion yeah I have a ladder
now we're gonna use this ladder
I actually try a typing training game Oh
I if I could if I could turn back time
if I could be sheriff for a minute and
just turn back time I would have in
highschool taken
we had a typing elective yep in high
school you know to learn how to be a
touch typist I do wish I was a touch
typist yeah yeah and I and and I think
I'm at a point in my life where I like a
type good enough like I just I've tried
like oh they have like free typing stuff
online yeah get your fidget back man
yeah
and you know I've tried to like teach
myself how to be a touch typist now and
I just can't like I can't find the time
or willingness we could play a typing
game they have them I know they have
those but I do I regret not learning how
to be a touch typist the chat would love
to see typing of the dead that would be
great that would be great I wonder
yeah I'm just soft hot huntin packing I
don't really have to look but oh but you
make me like I make typos yes constant
yes I make typos constantly and I you
know like I'm pretty fast such tight
means not looking at the keyboard yeah
but this is a special way you're
supposed to do it oh well and that's the
whole thing about being a touch typist
is like you know that if if you don't
know on a keyboard on the J and F key as
I need to look down to find they have
two little grooves on them so if you are
a touch typist you can just place your
fingers there and know exactly where
they go and you train your fingers you
train your muscle memory to go exactly
where they're supposed to go to type
anything without looking at the keyboard
and I would love that
I would love to have that skill
implanted in my brain is what I'm saying
maybe I should do what I did with when I
you know when I remember when I forced
myself to D D invert my mouse look yeah
let's just sit down and force myself to
learn touch type I'd love to I'd love to
I have you know what I have been doing
this is something I have been trying to
teach myself now part part of my my
pocket part of my carry yeah you know
like I care to pin with me everywhere I
go I carry a knife with me everywhere I
go I carry a notebook everywhere with me
I go that's like my things that I carry
yeah but I've started carrying a quarter
really one quarter because one it's a
good fidget it's a legit but how I've
been fidgeting lately cuz every once in
a while like I just I do I need
something I need something yeah like and
often times when I don't have anything I
open and close the knife in my pocket
which is Dane probably not a good idea
so I have a quarter and and this some I
talked about a stream before I've wanted
to learn how to do sleight of hand okay
and so I've been training myself to
learn sleight of hand and you know like
there's a specific place in your thumb
thank you so and so like you do this you
put it on your fingers and then you like
close it like this shoving it into that
area but
your thumb and so like when you open
your hand yeah it looks quasi natural
but the quarters there yeah
and so that's that's what I've been
fidgeting with lately as a way to teach
myself the simple quarter sleight of
hand yeah productive fidget that's a
great idea it's a productive fidget dr.
fidget and so like you know if a kid
looks at this they're not gonna
immediately think that I have anything
here those people aren't looking for the
trick exactly if you don't blow enough
you don't tell them you doing it right
right and so that's my productive fidget
is teaching myself that that's sleight
of hands right right and I've been I've
been pretty happy with that but yes I
have an edged weapon with me all the
time actually I have a really great new
knife look at this look at this little
thing isn't this the perfect little
knife I I just think I don't I don't
know that's not against the Terms of
Service showing a tiny knife you see how
tiny this knife is I'm sure gonna bust
in here any moment
with the edged weapon this is this is my
new knife I just got it was like a
Kickstarter little life and it's tiny
and it doesn't have like a belt loop on
it and it's perfect it's the perfect
little life and I fucking love it
put it away Oh No come on come on you
all oh by the way look at it look at our
outfit right now it's perfectly lined up
oh wow wow that's so weird okay
okay okay what happens when we look
around you seem to be in a debris Xin
clothes hollow poking out of the ceiling
is the chute which you originally
entered through some crusty lamps linked
by a non ul approved wire providing
additional illumination and I've tried
to take the wire before what we need all
right I feel comfortable doing this
because I don't remember this part of
Space Quest 3 okay
what's powering the lamps because we
need a power source right right what are
the wires go well and you know I tried
to do that well last time I was down
here I tried to follow the wire out and
I wasn't look at see look at wires yeah
like I tried to go like over here and
follow the wire out and I wasn't able to
you know like it kind of stuck here well
it might be just something that's in
that pile like what are the wires go
with a sure like look at what happens we
actually type in look at wire look at
wire some brittle looking wire runs from
lamp to lamp and then disappears into a
hole to the left oh there you go there
you go look at hole you peer into the
small opening now I'm remembering
something so I'm gonna shut up okay and
notice a tiny reactor which seems to be
providing power to the lights and you
know what I'm gonna do I click that Save
button just do that so I'm gonna reach
in hole pardon me this program is too
stupid to gleam your desire from such a
wonderfully crafted sentence please try
something else
search stick arm in hole it usually
usually the preferred way to do this is
like search then it'll tell you what's
in there sure and then you grab that
big thing no no put a hand and in hole
look at all look in oh well okay so so
should have worked come on game take
react door you unhook the reactor from
the cheap wires and take it with you and
I'm gonna run now I'm gonna open awake
Inc of it come on because I'm betting
those lights kept things away so we're
gonna move fast
that's my I thought at least I'm gonna
hustle hustle it right up climb ba Lima
and we're gonna take ladder ouch great
alright we're getting on it great wait
did you what's in your inventory okay
yeah I took the reactor and something
didn't happen that I remember happening
which is interesting but my memories
fuzzy so okay okay no I mean that's not
a bad thing so no that's just you know
did you get the letter I got after the
ladder I have the ladder I have a
glowing gem and I have a reactor yeah
yeah we're moving we are moving I was oh
I'm wondering if I was able to grab the
wire or if the wire was just a thing to
get me to the reactor I guess we'll
never know
I guess we'll never know
I climb the Jupiter ship I tried I was
not haha what what fucking Mouse you
seem to have been mugged by some kind of
large rats as you pick loose fur from
your teeth you notice a less bulky
feeling oh fuck you Mouse's coming for
you are you going we're gone where'd you
go he's going to ship probably right
coming for you where are you
gosh dang it
where'd that mouse go
you know I got meeting a ship already is
he Jack Jack knows he's missing the
thing yeah yeah I'm obviously I'm
obviously missing the thing I'm assuming
I'm assuming the the mouse is gonna take
that thing here and I'm gonna catch him
inside here right yeah nope that is an
incorrect saven ah shit
forty K funky tomb says hey guys started
replaying Ninja Gaiden Sigma recently
I'm killing a group of enemies without
getting hit has never made me feel more
like a goddamn ninja rich what was your
opinion of the third game did not hear
good things about it
oh yeah the third game was ass the third
game was absolutely ass I know there's a
version on the Wii U that from what I've
read address some of my issues with it
like there's actually more than one
weapon in the game now okay it might
actually be difficult I'd be different I
am I am not so familiar well I bought it
when I came out but I haven't never
gotten around to playing it the version
on the Wii U okay
to that rat and someone in the chat is
saying that that version is great it's
called razor's edge okay on the Wii U
the gaiden 3 razor's edge Edition or
something like that
mm-hm gave me some more things to do
apparently it dumped the difficulty I
believe it actually I say see the other
the other games had like a whole bunch
of different weapons now three now you
only got the default weapon ah well then
really really a really weird choice
mm-hmm because obviously that doesn't
add anything to the game yeah but I
could see if maybe if they added like
new combos or different ways to feel
that progression okay climb back he put
it back okay save Jack that's a really
smart call thank you
let's do that again let's save 12
and so how do we not get mugged by rats
look and whole take react or take well
they seem to like the lights the rats
yeah yeah they want the lights
yeah and Chad I'm not gonna say because
I remember I remember the solution now
to that you got it you gave me a hint
oh you gave me a hint
I just said I'm not gonna say huh I just
said I'm not gonna say you said they
seem to like the light okay uh you know
I'm a jerk and I'm sorry jack
I apologize them it's too much of a hint
mm-hmm I'm trying to be good
oh well maybe you didn't
oh we're just hint us wrong anyway hey
yeah right the gem leaving the glowing
gem here that's what I assumed was your
hint it's been it's been over 20 years
since I probably find this well what was
the last time I played this maybe not
quite 20 years it's been well over a
decade though I'll say that sure well
over a decade
there's nothing but crusty wire ends
okay well I can't use my gem here
I thought rich was hinting that I should
drop my glowing gem in here I'm just
wrong I mean yeah
apparently you're just wrong but maybe
what we can you know maybe what we can
do is we know we're gonna get mugged in
the tube so maybe what we can do is drop
the glowing gem in there maybe we'll see
to distract the rat name of the game
distract the rat my friend I know we're
not gonna get to the halfway point so
now can we drop Jim take out Jim hold oh
there you go
look around in general someone or
something has done a real job on this
tanker was this the result of some space
battle perhaps you're not the only one
roaming around in here Oh
is it really that stupid worry just
doesn't bug you the second time wait
yeah all right I'll take it
does he mug me somewhere else I'll take
it I see that chat
I'll save I do like I constantly forget
to save all right
come on Roger Wilco get me there
we're having a heat wave here - I wasn't
95 today it was hot as thearc today
that was fine outside I don't mind to
keep that much yeah yeah oh that's the
mouse uh yeah it was pretty hot today
you know if you're closer to the leg
there's a decent breeze all right I use
a react door you drop the reactor into
the hole in attempting to reconnect the
cables you find that I tried to take the
wire I think there's different wires you
could take okay I tried to take the wire
when I was down I know I know I know
different wire you think there's
different way or you can take care you
always just tell you know where I think
they are no all right I don't here's
some wires maybe I'll just take these
wires those are clearly wires take wires
I won't help you now huh look - dang it
I wear their wires where are their wires
climb baa maybe maybe that Nemo no
because we already looked in that one
hatch on the on the the lost in space
ship just keep your eyes peeled for
wires
I don't know
Roger Wilco oh oh oh come on wait wait
wait what did it say I tried to use
ladders wait hold on you did a jack you
did the thing I did the thing I I
thought it was these wires and so I
tried to use my ladder there right take
those wires but all right I did it
I'm the smartest all the time I do all
the smart things say hey oh geez I know
it's always smart no I'm sorry David II
know people says hey it's jerk Piccard
and Dick evens that you guys should play
in justice too now is the perfect time
because III is around the corner are you
excited for anything particular no
nothing in particular yeah I'd love to
hear it announce the new doom I'd love
to hear that
didn't they announce something rage oh
that's right we talked about that rage -
yeah yeah I'd love I'd love a definite
date on on Dark Souls remastered for the
switch it just came out for everything
else and I was really looking forward to
playing that on my switch
besides that yeah you know things come
out when they come out can you take a
letter with in here yeah it'd be a
convenient thing to have in here when
you're on the ship could you like pull
it up and take it with you
maybe I don't remember that that's just
a suggestion
that's not like a hit that's not a hint
that's just me asking legitimately can
you do it that's not I remember the
solution and I'm proud of you okay okay
okay we cannot take the ladder when we
are on top of the ship all right
use wires you carefully connect the wire
between the ship and the reactor putting
the tile back in place once you're
finished look at computer power level
normal yay yes what Norman AMA no
landing gear nah Manila warp motivator
Naaman oh you did it jack
Wow I know let's save a because I I did
it what around 14 okay let's go let's uh
sit in cockpit boom before we go chat
Jack my memory are we forgetting
something that's going to screw us
further down the line there's not like a
godchild you didn't do that thing at the
beginning of the game now you're fucked
I'm pretty sure there's not but I think
we're good to go
okay
you feel a strong rumbling of ships
trains to loosen itself from the
confines of the junk heap accumulated at
a space finally it begins to rise the
ship Rises success successfully but
collides with the top of the freighter
the resulting explosion sends a pop free
of flesh and metal fragments careening
in all directions okay tried to drive
your car through the wall of the garage
Jack all right so what do we got what do
we got rust generation underway acquired
adequate thrust achieved radar is now
operational
well not in flight okay right
and okay I just have to take off but
maybe I can stop it stop stop then stops
abruptly great the ship Rises several
meters then stops abruptly an alarm from
the computer attracts your attention
because I turned on my radar this time
held due to obstruction yes no what now
what weapons system ship comes in from
behind when the enemy ship comes from
behind you will automatically begin
tracking use the direction keys or mouse
to move the target crosshairs onto the
target when you were locked on use the
spacebar to fire back front the shot
blasts a new orifice on the side of the
junk freight area take that freighter
peace out bitch some freshener generated
by the desire of the ship's atmospheric
to escape to the considerably lower
pressure of the subspace causes your
ship to be spit out like a watermelon
seed yeah
let's save so this is gonna be 16

[Part II]
so this is gonna be 16 look at computer
ah we are here this is where we might
need the dislike the games
copy-protection
we might need the manually go to this or
that sector it's right here I got it up
for you yeah cuz this is all this is all
a big load of hooey oh wait
scan try it oh maybe I'm wrong planet
Ortega is that our planet no resume scan
planet the Lieb Hut light atmosphere one
known settlement let's resume scan fully
but monolith burger fast-food dive let
me see what else they got well I guess
we go to the fast-food diet or Philebus
legislate pot pourri again why cuz it's
potpourri potpourri all yeah potpourri
you're right hemisphere one known
settlement so do we go do we go to flee
but or do we go to the burger joint I'm
not telling you what the fuck do man
what do you know what do you think what
do you think I get if I were in this
situation I would go to the closest
thing possible which is the burger hut
ok so I would just go to the closest
thing ok so set course is to calculating
course course locked
Oh crews really I don't know you're a
spaceman I hadn't know if Lightspeed was
gonna kill me
everything kills me in this game bitch I
go well just say first and don't get too
to bet out of shape about it oh what's
this oh shit
identity confirmed Roger Wilco case
something yeah wanted fur vending
machine fraud what judgment terminates
shit shit shit you've got time yeah okay
I get it okay so then we go to light
speed robot bounty hunter is on my tail
Bink all right
here we go Lightspeed a flash flashing
message on your monitor attracts your
attention
approaching monolith burger oh great I
can do the whoop yeah that's great all
right go to monolith burger with the
docking maneuver completed the engine
shut down welcome to monolith burger and
as soon as I can I'm gonna save yes you
pop the hatch and ramble on end here we
are and look at that it's the save
button save number 17 Hey
you know we should do now look around
the decor like the food is the same in
monolith burgers all over the universe
generic counter clerks are eagerly
waiting to help you diverse life forms
are crowded around the counter and
sitting in booths consuming what can
only loosely be termed as food okay you
gon says rich did you play deadly
premonitions I might have a copy lying
around no I'm sure weirdest that's
that's a game that the chat used to be
all up in our ass about yeah it's the
that's the twin peaks' s okay it might
have been a point-and-click adventure
okay forget astro chickens ask um soft
mostly I don't know I don't think I have
a bukka's ID okay I don't think I have a
bukka's ID so I'm gonna leave I have no
bukka's ID to my name Oh
welcome to my welcome to monolith burger
may I take your order
oh he's employee of the week
hi do you have any money
nope bye let's talk to these people
look
talk you try ordering food is an option
I don't have any money you just see what
happens oh I can sit down okay
can't talk talk no talk to customer no
oh okay
sorry oh oh you can go back here right
oh just go around now week I'm just I'm
curious to see what happens if you try
ordering food sure it's dark no I talk
to customers have better things to talk
to small brained bit the guys to my head
sorry the customers have better things
to do than talk to a small brain biped
from a hick planet shit sorry suckers
I'll get out of your way alright let's
try this again
order food
choose number to order mini monolith
monolith monolith nepali cheese jumbo
monolith apologies fool big Belcher
combo yeah crazy sloppy slurp yeah let's
do that
six thank you would you like something
to drink with that when you like
something drink with that yes would you
like some space buds with that yes would
you like a Bart fruit pie with that yes
especially a free drink with every
purchase okay your total is nine buck
asides no no no money
sorry
try pay man pay no money no food dude oh
okay all right so we can't we just can't
we need money we need bukka's OIG's well
you know what since that person left the
airlock maybe I can get into their ship
now and steal some bukka's IDEs nope I
definitely cannot do that let's see if I
learned my lesson
I did not oh look he comes back
blaster blasts to the forehead is not
your idea of fun
fortunately it didn't hit anything
important all right so I need some I
need some bukka's OIG's is the thing
here there is that other planet that
might have a buck is owed on it and I'm
gonna get some food this is possible um
let's see here
can I search game no look at game jiggle
you guys ever stream doom again well
quite possibly hmm nope it's one of my
favorite damn games it's a great game
I've never played the PC version of doom
really I play well I remember for that
small window when I had an Xbox one oh
wow I played it on the Xbox one
you're gonna copy I do have a copy now
it was on sale oh ok so I have a copy
for the PC now I just never played it on
the PC ha ha because because if you
remember that was way back in the day
when I wasn't very comfortable with
Keith Mouse I do things have changed
since then I have become way more
comfortable keyboard and mouse alright
well let's you know let's go check out
that other planet yes Jack check the
coin return slot I did check the corner
stir in slot check out some other
planets you know somebody's saying
search your ship I think I think we
looked around the ship pretty thoroughly
but will you try it you can try the
search ship man in there
search seat cushions you find among
variously colored wads seven
well shit dog now I got a doc again know
it let's land I think you're already
landed you never took off you just in
your seat in the dock no I am NOT oh
okay uh computer I didn't know that was
in the game either oh shit
I remember getting I remember getting
bukka's eyes on one of the other planets
all that shit you bought was nines IDEs
yeah but there was other options there
was other options you see
get out Oh get up you do need to buy
something specific off the menu
I remember that I need to buy something
well we'll see what seven bucks woods is
or six bucks toys and save oh yeah you
know I was just thinking about saving
because I'm about to push that button
and that could mean that I die yeah
eighteen so now we're going to push
button nope how about push button
are you not docked I I thought I was
stupidly when you might have to go to
another planet and then come back to the
restaurant or just six or just explore
the other planet
yeah um pew tour okay oh no here we go
is that course
and we're pretty close I mean we didn't
leave so I can I set the course gosh
dang it
they said you push the button when you
probably should just leave the the the
hatch try open hatch
okay wait the reason the reason you got
out of the hatch when you push the
button in there yeah because the when
you push the button the Hat of the
landing gear and know where to go down
cuz it was embedded in dust oh yeah here
it might actually want you to open the
hatch
nope where's it still thanks for moving
land is there an option to land and so
so so check this out
so if I go to navigation system so
there's land but open Oh Landing service
available right so you got a navigation
system right and then you go to scan
just just go somewhere else yeah I have
to cuz like if I go here I can try to
set course right but then it doesn't
quite work nope yeah and it says no
Corps selected and so I think I think
the game doesn't expect you to get in to
go to leave the the restaurant to get in
the ship yeah and then try to get back
out yeah I think the game just didn't
anticipate that got you even though they
should have well let's go to that other
planet and I don't want to go to the
volcano planet I'll go to the other one
because that that seems like a bad idea
there's another one around here there we
go well plum 5 said course sleep on now
that's a better name anyway FLE have
flee but sleep Hut
of course locked Lightspeed that many
playtesters back when this is made yeah
probably not the computer does have a
land option but there's no way to was
great out there was no way to oh you
could press the land but there was no
place to land because no course was
selected because you couldn't select the
course in the square that you were
already in yeah okay okay little little
messed up
I could probably now go back there if I
wanted to but so now if we land we'll
land on fee button
shouldn't there be epic music - here sir
us music option and uh probably not
every once in a while there's there was
music like there's music without arted
but okay just don't think it was that
much music in the games this all right
hey let's save okay ah that's computer
oh my radars already on all right yeah
up press but Tom batoon as you step out
of your ship onto the surface of flee
but you are hit in the face by a harsh
winds it looks like a storm is brewing
meanwhile another spacecraft touches
down elsewhere on the planet he looks
great
totally not the Terminator totally not
the Terminator
he's the predator yep Oh
oh gosh dang well uh hey right away
really right away can you are you stuck
yeah I gotta wait look at snake
you sure wish you had one like that
space twice
is that a dick joke I think it is what I
you a sure wish I had you had one like
that oh yeah yeah save after they have
yeah I am gosh dang it
snakes Space Quest and you're always
killing you just for just for going to a
second screen it kills him it's brutal
in artificially inflating the length of
a game by by making a alright hey hey
guess what we're gonna be guys save Luke
20 hey let's try going this way now not
towards the snake oh no a venomous
scorpion something I was curious if the
solo review had hit yet oh we would know
the channel why you know what you're
right the chat would let us know this
you're right I can't the solo review
hits don't you worry okay yep there's
things up there that I don't want to
mess with those are neat
okay can I go up here is that gonna kill
me did that kill me this is gonna kill
me oh I've know how idea how far the
enemies the score preside stinger hits
its mark sending electro plasmic venom
into your system Death Comes quickly
that neat thing back there though I know
I want to go see that thing
thanks for playing space quest 3 as
usual you've been a real hoot
well shit okay well this was the right
way to go I think all right Chad I have
no interest in playing the Old Republic
game so I have no idea if the storylines
are better can't can't just forced or
run away gee that's a very good idea
Oh got your game my wait
look around
so you see several large rocks here one
rock is a large overhang and almost
appears to be a cave under the overhang
you see several large pulsating pods but
look at the overhang all the cracks in
that ya know I wonder what I wonder
rich Nights the OVA poop was one of my
all-time favorite games you would
probably really like it - great game I
hate the Jedi yep
I absolutely despised them there we go
there we go
I knew that was everything wants to kill
you jack I know it wants to kill me what
what I was wondering is if there was any
sort of delay cuz here was my thought
rich my thought is won the shoes start
to chase me could I run under that and
have those catch the shoe guy I don't
know no the answer's no why no why why
okay I dunno one way or the other but
I'm not saying right and I know that the
answer is no because I died immediately
I just died without hesitation so I know
now but you know I'm testing some
theories because I know I'm gonna have
to deal with the term the not the
Terminator soon enough I do see that
this cave though has clear cracks in it
so you know right now I'm just kind of
exploring the area this is gonna have
another like scorp avoid in it isn't it
oh oh no it's not
okay that was nice now I'm over here
oh no wait what's that sign say remember
it pauses when you start typing read
just ahead and visit the MOG Memorial
and the galaxy's famous world Oh wonders
by skorpa Zoid that work what shit
without without spoiling what to do is
there a hint on how to navigate around
this area is there an in-game a hint
what I'm guessing is I have to go to the
left when I get that sign and that is
what's just ahead okay so that was here
I went up this area
I say the game is telling you we're not
to go pretty well yep
the score preside is a random beastie
leave the screen and come back I think
well this corpus oh I didn't kill me but
I went ahead to the sign but the sign
was facing that way so I'm gonna go okay
I'm gonna go this way now oh that was
the big monster yeah it's a tourist trap
it's a tourist trap yeah y'all come back
now you hear hey give me your money get
my fucking chef's make me sick
AHA tourist trap this giant metal
facsimile of a space beast is nothing
more than a cheap marketing ploy
designed to suck in any moron dumb
enough to fall for such trickery you
suddenly feel like a tell moron you peer
through the glass of a display case and
find a cute and cuddly little creature a
small sign on the glass informs you that
this is an Antarian slime devil how cute
yeah hey stranger names Blatz fester
Blatz welcome to world ohh wonders go
ahead and have a look at some of the
trendiest items known universe make the
most of your vacation mechanoids okay
the cast-off refuse of a dozen worlds
clings to every available service of the
store you're astonished at the diversity
you're even more astonished that someone
would buy this stuff
well sing out what's it go how about a
nice alright on a stick the kids are
just loved this where we're taking hours
of fun for the whole family
you sound look how kids suck guys kept
eating you in the first one now here's a
red hot item the official Astro chicken
fly it hat you'll really turn some hands
in this sport little number it's modeled
after the hot new arcade game is
sweeping the galaxy go on any high temp
planets this nice player thermo we
wonder where I'll keep their internal oh
by how much by underwear by underwear
today
what's underwear AE y AR EA are not ok
bye
under what year by under where cost 20
oh shit
everything here costs 25 bukka's OIG's
you need you need bug Lloyd's don't take
your time do you feel pressure to buy
anything I need some buckas IDEs shit I
got seven oh well I'm getting out of
here hope no that's not what I wanted
but I have it Oh nope yep want any hints
walk away fuck fuck
so this is Roger Wilco the man I have
been sent across the universe to track
down the terminate I am NOT impressed
you are too easy to find you tend to
leave a mess wherever you go seems you
forgot to pay for that Lebanon terror
beast mating call whistle
see I'm turning into like God like
Arabian slowly it's great yeah with the
interest I come to 400,000 baka swords
the good people at the get beloit
novelty call our most displeased
non-payment is a serious offence get
back to the choppa but lucky for you I'm
in a good mood today I will count to 10
real slow
then I track you down if you make it to
your ship I forget I see you but if I
catch you again I dust you like bundt
cake shit I can't I don't have a very
good Arne that's fine ok
do not save do not save I don't I don't
necessarily know that that's true well
not now but I mean I think he has
everything he needs to get past this
goddammit
I was so close I wanted to get him to
this thing ah shit
ah ah shit where oh fuck I'm Way far
away well you know what this will give
me an opportunity to actually explore a
different area without going to the
world of wonders let's see if I can go
somewhere else and get some buckles
first and then maybe I can get enough
bukka's woods to get them Underpants he
didn't turn you into a worm
he literally kept winding you like a rag
yeah yeah he rang out all the blood in
my body there are no other areas in this
planet that's not a hundred percent true
nope what huh what I'm back at a ship
yeah my ship you go left at loops you
just keep going the one that's fucked up
that's crazy
I wonder where Arnie ship is I'd love to
find that
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do did ah what do you fucked
down ah okay this way
fine I'll go this way
how bad is the solo box office without
saying what I think of the movie
everyone keeps talking about him I don't
know I don't know if if official numbers
are out yet I think and the estimates
are very low for the solo box office
movie yeah but I don't know if there are
any official numbers yet but all
estimates have it ad kind of what I've
heard is like Justice League numbers low
over here hello yes that's you know what
that's kind of bullshit yeah the
randomised scorpions okay but I have a
plan now okay
I'm gonna try to get and get in the back
door get an old mister oh no I'm old mr.
foot I'm gonna go in the foot and see if
if I can find some bukka's OIG's back
there and if I see a scorpion now I know
what to do all right
and and the other thing I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna save by that's yep that's
definitely kind of bullshit uh yeah it
is I guess I like it's just easy to know
what you're dealing with after a while
which is it's not like I said it's just
all bullshit maybe there should only be
one Star Wars movie every year or every
two years
well there currently is only one a year
just the timing on this one it's much
closer to the last gen I then then you
think it should be because it's not
coming out in December or November or
whatever but Marvel seems to do okay yes
you're inside one of the moons legs
there is an elevator shaft - complete
with elevator push button I should have
saved I didn't save I should have saved
you saved by the ship yeah I'll save
when I get to the top here assuming it
doesn't crush me didn't crush me 21
uh yeah Martha's alright Marvel makes a
lot of money
Star Wars made a lot of money the last
Jedi made a shit ton of money
why isn't some whoa that's a great
question I think news of directorial
change might've frightened it could
frighten people I do think that in
general we might be getting beyond that
the last Jedi yeah though I really
enjoyed it
many people did not really yeah and that
kind of harsh divisive miss can also
just kind of numb people to a franchise
like like Marvel is pretty good across
the board and that's what everyone says
about Ruffalo yeah they're pretty good
and like there's no like I hate it I
love it yeah but with the last Jedi
there was that super harsh like it's
either the greatest thing ever or the
worst thing ever
our Wars makes people insane yes and for
the general audience that could just
numb them right and so then solo comes
out and then they go you know what I
don't even want to deal with it you are
within the cavernous interior of mogs
belly an elevator shaft leads down and
stairs run between the first and second
level platforms the heavy equipment
necessary to automate MOG it can be seen
in the upper level okay look at mint
hasn't been good since the any Star Wars
hasn't been necessary since the eighties
hey wow you guys are good streamers
that's true I'm sure that's some some
top tier level sarcasm oh very good
streamers so what do you what are you
saying and what are you trying to
accomplish I don't know yet I'm trying
to figure out what I'm supposed to
accomplish and quick-quick meant trying
to know I'm trying to figure out what it
is I'm supposed to think Jack yeah a
typo Oh II meant the large electric
motor providing power for mogs
automation hums noisily away on the
second level platform right
look at gears it appears that the gears
provide the power linkage for the
machinery moving mogs arms and jaw it
seems that they haven't heard of OSHA
here on flee but there isn't even a
guardrail around them I sure wouldn't
want to fall in there all right
all right
no I love your face going around I fell
in there you can see I don't think I
never noticed before I'm glad I'm glad I
could bring this horrible what am I
supposed to do here yeah there's gotta
be something I was supposed to do here
right how much do you want me to say you
tell me you tell me how much you want me
to say it I'll say it no nothing
okay nothing you know I just it's just
one of those things where like I might
be totally like not I'm not I might not
be looking in the right area and so I
might be wasting time but I want to
figure things out here yeah yeah the
first thing I like I uh I'm not seeing
any new tips actually since we've read
this new tip we've had I've had issues
every now and then where I don't think
I'm getting all of the tips that's
possible are you gonna click the refresh
button and I did if that works I did and
I have people saying I haven't read the
tip and I have read everything that I
have okay but I don't have one from
dreamer TK so obviously we're busy now
but and I think we need to look into
this I don't want to and I want to screw
people over that's not my thing
agreed I'm calling Jim and fuckers I got
nothing rich I got nothing i got glowing
gems and bukka's ODEs as useless as
usual not reading the subs we do that at
the end of the stream man that we have
you ever been to a stream before that's
what we do at the end of every stream
oh this okay that's that all that
information for who subbed that's that's
on the computer that Jack is currently
using yeah I don't have that here man
man listen Bank Jack how would you write
this puzzle as a DM well as a DM you're
tapping into your DM right dream and you
were just getting shit well so as as a
DM and maybe maybe I do it differently I
have my solution figured out first okay
so like as a DM you know what you want
your players to accomplish I want them
to get this jewel and then you start
putting barriers in front of them right
yeah oh well to get this jewel there's a
locked door to get through the lock door
there's a puzzle to figure out the
puzzle there's this to get to that post
you know like I don't even know what the
solution is that's just a room right and
there's stuff in there but I can't even
fathom what what that stuff is for it
killed me yes it did and so one thought
that I have okay
yeah thinking up thinking out loud I
think that's useful one thought that I
have which didn't necessarily work out
last time is if I get the Terminator to
chase me up there I can use the gears to
kill the Terminator okay but I don't
think that would work because you need
an elevator to get up there and if I
take the elevator up there the
Terminator then can't follow me in the
elevator you can always check it out
right the here's what I'm gonna do right
for right now I'm gonna see if I can get
to the other side the other the other
foot I want to see if there's anything
in the other foot
yeah I'll come back man here don't
forget to save oh shit I saved at the
top of the tower some clothes but yeah
and so like that that's the thing when
when I kind of make puzzles I have a
solution figured out first yes and I
don't know what the objective is yet
nope fact what am i finishing with as
fidgets spinner fine because I need one
because I fidget constantly feed you
constantly
GARP alright Vania bloodshot says any
reason why there wasn't a Deadpool to
half in the bag
also what did you guys think about it
overall I haven't seen it and I don't
tell Mike and Jay what to review man
that yeah that ain't our business you're
asking the wrong person
yep a different show star her ball says
are you guys excited excited for
Incredibles 2 god damn yep also thanks
for not compromising your values and
being yourselves the streams or the
highlights of my week you're welcome
yeah you know the Incredibles 1 is a
fantastic movie it's just it's one of
the best superhero movies out there it's
one of the best Pixar movies out there
it's just incredible
so yeah number two should be good though
you know Brad Bird did hit a small snag
with what was moving it in between
Tomorrowland
yeah but hey we all we all we all make a
stink sometimes all right so now I'm up
here how does J keep his hair and beard
looking so bad nificent asking for a
friend
okay here's what you tell your friend
the secret rat urine tell your friend he
needs to soak his beard overnight in rat
urine yes
shit okay oh no this is good this is
what we wanted right shit oh wait you
know you know he can get up there yeah
now how do I get him into the gears I
did not think this thorough I did not
think this through is he gonna throw me
into the gears now maybe yeah you tell
me when you want hints okay yeah he
follows me up there yeah let me go up
there and play a little bit okay before
you before you give me a hint
you want to know if you're on the right
track or not
yes you are okay good I assume so cuz he
actually chases you cuz he chased me up
there yeah I saw the as soon as I saw
the elevator go but but that's a that's
a little little weak but I get it that's
that's I think classic Sierra where they
have a very a very specific solution to
a puzzle and what I'm thinking here did
you aggravate the Terminator yep no oh
yeah I'm sorry the Bounty Hunter yes
the-the-the legally distinct entity
known as the bounty hunter okay what I'm
thinking here is maybe look at hook no
only look at pulley
ey you why I think yeah there are two
rope pulleys near the motor in years
apparently they are used for maintenance
of the equipment looking up you notice
that they are mounted on tracks yeah
running the length of the second floor
platform boom got it alright I know what
to do okay this is exciting I know what
to do this this legally distinct
intellectual property known as the
bounty hunter is gonna get some come up
and oh I thought you're just gonna stop
and come and I'm like no Jack no isn't
that how you solve the problem make love
not war just whip it out and show what
you got you say hey man you into this
and any falls in love with field and and
and actually he respects he respects you
for dropping your pants and joins you on
your quest yes yes
I see I guess like the thing is going
back to like how I would write the
puzzle or solve the puzzle it was even a
stretch to me to think that I could use
that room as to kill the Terminator you
know yeah that's it's kind of like I
said it's a Sierra who has a very
specific way to solve their puzzles but
all right we got it now we got it now I
talk all your talks man I know it talks
all right here we go
and run didn't Jack should save but it
makes a fair amount of sense to at least
wait until he's opted where he needs to
be done done done done there are
multiple ways to solve this puzzle huh
on this this is basically it seems like
it seems cuz I'm not a hundred percent
sure what he's gonna try yeah it seems
like the way I solved it
I I would assume that there's also a way
to collapse that cave where you could
kill him in that cave possibly because
it had all the cracks in it maybe if I
like pushed real hard on that maybe
there was a way to solve it that way but
this this is the way I think I can do it
for shown there are two ways to take out
are annoyed or annoyed is the other one
the cave is the other one is the other
one the little pods hanging over the
cave like thing Jack's pretty much
nailed them both there you go the cave
gives more points oh ah must be harder
to do alright ready I'm ready
you saved no safe safe safe that's
thought 23 23
reaching up you give them rope pulley a
mighty shove yes suck it yes now loot
the corpse give me all your bukka's oh
he's gonna have so many bukka's IDEs in
him I know it I can feel it give me all
your buck azides search robot The
Terminator is now a pile of should you
call it a terminator not oh oh not
capital T terminators are lower just
ultra it's just odd terminator it's very
different you see it's not pile of junk
on the first level platform looking
closely you notice that the terminators
invisibility belt has survived
relatively intact
that's exciting take belt Jesus Christ
really Sierra do you always have to be
so anal about this round I think you
just need to walk over further in front
of it okay look robot just 500 no
bukka's IDEs
you can get Bukka soit's well now I have
an invisibility belt rich yeah oh hello
hey what's going on here didn't you read
the sign saying we're closed for repairs
well you might as well ride down with me
okay Oh what was that a horrible mashed
up machine there my vibrator ah
alright let's save because saving is the
thing that all the cool kids do and then
let's we're not playing without music
the game is not choosing to play music
use belt looking at the belt you notice
that the power supply is very low you
decide to hold off until you really need
out oh well I guess I don't really need
it
so this is a Mormon game you have to
wear magic underwear to win ah yes
okay I'm gonna ask you a question yeah
can I find Arnold's ship no okay cuz
they're like that's what I would do in
this situation that like oh I killed the
robot I can go find a ship and loot all
this stuff in a ship yeah but okay so
there is no so the best of my memory no
I don't recall that okay what do you
want buck aside I want buck resorts so I
can get the heat Underpants you have
everything you need to get buckets
so Jim my my that certainly is one fun
hunk or iam I'll take it off your hands
for 350 bucks sides are you saved no
okay okay I don't really remember how
long this can go on for I don't remember
Oh so Jim oh damn how do I load a save
f7
okay that was before I went okay 425 is
the highest so go and you know what you
know that was rich those little saves
come right there
that was a certifiable save scum and I'm
gonna be okay with it you're gonna be
absolutely okay with it because I want
that for 25 bucks side that's right what
do you say to that no no yes
bite five-oh underwear buy underwear
nice I'm sure you'll be very very
pleased there wanna go there you go boom
you doing you doing great John graden
that's a proud that you denied us first
offer well of course right you gotta
know that and you gotta know that much
all right now how do I get back hey
let's save are you are you st. I'm gonna
save right now why you take a look at
that thing that's in the glass case in
front of the store
okay let's save first I thought I did
already if I look again
cuckoo shoosh mouthing informs you that
it's an ant Arion slime devil how cute
tap glass now look at case open case
great may be cute but only an idiot look
at near one looks like he won't be
around to appreciate the other diverse
wonders of this garden spot of the
universe yeah all right
having some fun all right
doot doot doot doot doot whoo I got me
some necks going to be fucked in the end
game if it doesn't get the rest of the
shit in that store are you sure about
that
also I have 425 bucks sides I can buy it
all alright alright I don't remember the
other stuff being useful but that could
just be my memory okay bye or at the
wise choice
great now here is a red hot item Astro
uh the aura on the stick is for the
other Arnold solution I don't know how
but that's just what I'm what I'm
reading huh
Oh bye-bye hat flashes okay I have the
chicken hat and I have the or at and
that's all he has to sell
so leave interesting I wonder have we
talked about solo yet oh man you missed
the first three hours of the stream oh
my god we went everything everything I
by the way like we've gone in depth on
movies before but man we went every we
went scene by scene yeah
scene by scene you decide you remembered
most of it super amazing breakdown check
you start from the beginning of the
stream just to check it out highly worth
it
highly recommend watching rich and eyes
in-depth breakdown of solo we got we
have some interesting things to say we
didn't we didn't agree on everything but
you know know you know still it was
still a great conversation right time
I'm really happy with that the the
choice to tie it in to the Howard the
Duck universe which was strange you know
seeing the Howard the Duck planet well
and you know like I'll say this again is
this is finally like the great Disney
plan crossing your over their mega
franchises what you're you by going to
the Howard the Duck Planet duck world
yeah stupid name but you you tie in Star
Wars with Marvel but also that that's
that's that's a hop skip and a jump away
from tying it into the Disney animated
universe I didn't even think about that
yeah I didn't even think about this all
connect so not only other mega are there
mega live-action franchise is about to
merge they have the possibility now to
merge with the entire multiverse the
animated universe is Disney one unified
thing that's great that's great that's
great I should say before I start
messing with this with this cave
I wonder everyone think that what the
cave solution is so you guys can fake
joke spoilers but we can't fuck you well
fuck you too yeah it's incredible show
it's kind of our show so I'm gonna go
ahead and call our show on that I don't
have it I wonder what I was supposed to
do there no matter what the solution is
I guess I'll never know yeah you get you
get Kingdom Hearts that's right so that
you also can have them Squaresoft
crossovers oh my god you're absolutely
right
Disney way on top of it are you saved
after that exciting battle with the
robot and the haggling yes okay and the
buying all the stuff and the buying all
this okay okay so now that I have all
this money now I'm gonna go back to the
burger joint okay
engines take off
navigation system scan resume scan
actually like this section here yeah
it's cute
set course I think the space big down
it's this adorable monolith burger in
like 2001 the model if mmm course locked
Lightspeed go here we go we're doing it
we're doing it all
water hydration is important let's go
I feel good about I'm about to I'm about
to roll into monolith burger and just
just start you're gonna get so fat I'm
just gonna make it you're gonna look
like rich Evans just save a couple bucks
for Astro diabetes medicine you know I'm
second yeah yeah I wanna play that
chicken game too
I got a I got a buck annoyed now if I
put on the chicken helmet am I better at
the chicken game I don't know I don't
know oh nope by the way the answer is
nope my play is chicken game oh the game
probably won't let jack but I wonder the
invisibility belt
well somebody chats just this would let
you go under that one guy's airlock I
don't think wait what
well you want to keep them bouncing what
you're gonna bounce the chickens okay
what how do I do you have to can you
just hold no does that network
all right at works I think you want a
safe landing so don't don't keep
flapping up you want to just land like
stop are you holding up No
oh you have to hit down what what what
you have a feed counter like that
actually I think you kind of need to
catch dang it yeah y'all need a good
yeah if you know what you're doing cuz I
have no idea how to play this game I see
if I can remember right okay ready yeah
insert buck so I'd go very long time
right
it's insane anity I'll just yeah here
insert Young Buck azides what's the last
one uh pair up arrow says toggle up well
you're not safe oh shit
cancel I already did I already did don't
worry about it just just just read Shane
rich I didn't save since I got there man
that's all right sorry all the important
stuffs taken care of so it's okay I was
trying to save you bucko Zoid so I went
to load an old say oh I have a ton of
Buccos Lloyds I'm okay I hang up that
was rich rich messed up the same thing
not me yeah it was my fault
apparently we need something else before
we play the chicken game okay there so
that's what they are saying well then do
you want to take back over sure I'm
gonna go I'm gonna here's my plan is to
order food first okay okay how long
we'll be streaming probably the usual
we're not gonna finish this tonight no
it doesn't look like it this might be
two streams well okay this is certainly
going to be at least two streams
how can you move the mouse cursor cuz I
just don't like it in there just move it
in yep lots of it they go I just don't
like it in there set course Jack I
failed to save I did fail to save but to
be fair rich should have realized that I
failed to save before loading it but I
didn't I didn't look at the little
picture by the saves either I just I
just went to the slowed to save and then
I just wanted the most recent one sure
come by the time I noticed I was loading
something that was very far back it had
already been too late
sure here we are at monolith burger I
think we're over halfway yeah we're not
if we're halfway through I could say
we're not going another three hours
no no but that's fine we'll just pick it
up on Wednesday yeah and that'll be
great
welcome to monolith burger great pop the
hatch and we're in alright let's order
some food that's safe hey you know what
let's save let's do that whole let's do
that wacky sake anything in safe twenty
seven go and we're here mom live burger
look at that alien just looking at us
talk to alien it's probably not gonna do
anything yeah that's fine
no I'm you know what with using the
invisible invisibility belt to go into
that guy ship it said it had a very
limited battery but you know what let's
try actually wear belts actually then a
bad question I'm assuming Father's Day
you won't be streaming I don't know okay
that's my day I get to choose what I
want I know there I know you let me know
what you want to do and is that next
weekend I'm not sure I'm not sure
somebody in the chat brought it up okay
I maybe you understood me if you don't
want a stream I think a makeup is
probably better okay
yeah and we'll play that by ear as we
get closer order the weekend after no no
the 17th a few weeks from now okay
that's not bad close
what you get the monolith fun meal oh do
you have thinking here yes what's your
thinking but everyone know so they can
be impressed if you're right my thought
is I bet it comes with a toy I want that
and let's see what about the boy is how
about that seven buck avoids his
original seven yeah but then he wouldn't
be able to play the video game right hey
I did not come and chat on totalbiscuit
dying but it's very sad you familiar
with totalbiscuit no I I saw that every
news feed ever I know I think you showed
me one of his videos once yeah and
that's my whole knowledge if I know he
was a video game personality and that's
it so but I mean obviously anyone dying
of cancer is such a young age is
horrible I just don't know who that is
oh god beside like I said except for
once I think when we were deciding what
came to play you see he did like a quick
look at a game what what what the fuck
right and you're like oh let's maybe
let's play this game I've found that
that series very handy sure what is this
thing I'm curious oh he's probably got
him Tobuscus might be got a video and I
looked that up right right it's sad that
he's gone mm-hmm yes anyone who dies
especially at that young of an age of
cancer is how is horrible bang I just
have no connection or or you know super
feelings towards totalbiscuit
take food out of bag and the bag anyone
see the devel you know what I'm just not
gonna read that and go there all right
order everything off the menu you're
rich you can't afford it
well I might need that all that for
chicken game a lot I'm eating my food oh
hey what's in my burger oh it must be my
fun meal prize hey it's a swell decoder
ring decoder ring hmm that was mighty
tasty well maybe mildly tasty well maybe
not tasty at all in fact it reminded you
of the slick skin of a Vorlon mm Lucas
worm you look at ring with this ring you
came to code any secret message well
almost any secret message use ring all
right pick up trash now oh come on
game what happened I wanted to pick up
my trash and throw it away properly
because I'm at a fast food restaurant
and it said now I let mr. employee of
the week handle it's like oh that's bad
form shave oh right that's bad form game
then I'll I'll take over you're gonna
learn how to I'll see if I can figure
this shit out you're gonna you're gonna
figure out how to it was I did when I
was 12 I'm gonna say I can do it when
I'm 40 goal and a chicken rich oh yeah
most oh yeah you're playing Roger Wilco
not you I know but I will I still want
to be nice I still want to be nice you
know this isn't a sit-down restaurant
slow the game speed down it's not a
terrible suggestion let me let me try
this first
are you trying to land the chicken yeah
oh we got one how many do I need to get
though I assume all three oh whoa
got two yes 300 no maybe five how many
you need to do four oh my god
it's all coming back to you're rich jinx
me yep that's how I roll oh shit oh shit
yep you're out of feed nope you lost one
brach so close nice hey you this is we
need okay why don't you the secret code
goes something like this
so we'd actually have to do this
no no alternate ly Jack yeah we could
cheat and look up the message we can
also end it here Oh
oh my okay let's see what we got here
so that's it that's an age now only
having a hell of a time remembering what
their copy protection for this game was
there had to be something in the manual
that's what they did back then mm-hmm
all the time oh sure sure
and what was it for this game if it
wasn't the decoder ring I I was kind of
remembering poorly when we started that
the decoder ring was in the manual and
that we used the manual to decode this
but the Rings right here in game so what
was in the manual that you needed if
nothing maybe they just didn't do it for
this game but I don't know no that's not
a P this hope help us Oh Ritchie says
help us oh my god it says help us that's
how far I've gotten we are to let you
know guys from Andromeda right no now
this I haven't gotten that far we yeah
okay yeah you're right
this is optional anyway this is the this
is the finally the main quest of the
game finally oh we are oh you might be
well in love it we are what is that one
but is that a B and it's a beat we are
oh my god what a letter let's see if my
tips you're still being sluggish we are
being help us we are being no one has
ever thought when you two met each other
that you would become video games
streaming partners with 100,000 subs
playing space quest 3 no less no had no
idea honestly when I first met Jack
I had no idea I would ever see him again
he's the honest truth of course why
would why would you think right right
why would you think yeah being held oh
my god we are being held rich oh my god
you you're onto it jack they're being
held maybe I'll just get a sentence and
that was just cheap I thought it would
be cute and maybe I'd figure it out
faster as we went on but this is just
gonna get this is just gonna take very
long but yes this is a good ending point
oh my god I think we're you know I think
we're about halfway through the game
okay great
we are being held what is lets a CEO so
that's captive probably see ya we're
being held captive and we are being held
captive by I know I know the tips purely
on the on the screen but that that goes
away and I can't read it in time I have
a program yeah that's supposed to save
it all and I'm not sure I'm getting and
if you've if you tip us with bits we
don't that doesn't get saved in the
program oh okay
is there any way to save bit tips
actually maybe donations the answer is
maybe
Cheers
here's all of our Cheers all the bits
yeah but it doesn't have a message oh oh
no well it says a little bit love read
let good to see hey do you know has a
little bit of the message but not a full
message but not a full message all right
then we're gonna need to look at the
potentially just something separate that
does that that does bits and - okay no
problem I'm on it okay I will be on that
if we're not reading your stuff tonight
I I'm horribly sorry yes very little I
could do about it what the message says
I also I'm getting very distracted so
that's not helping bye yes see so how
you guys all doing it's right here yes
I'm reading the message it's all over
our chat this is a waking nightmare scum
scum sense come so that's not right is
it scum just got here what is the Han
Solo a review dropping it just went done
everyone's actually started leaving the
chat like like a minute ago yeah it's up
right now what's up right now see you
later bye scum soft is that right
mmm-hmm really scum soft all right
that's their Microsoft parody Oh bye
scum soft
oh I think they'd rather actually go go
to youtube and just sit on red letter
media channel waiting then watch this
even though it might not even be up
tonight I know Mike is busting his ass
to edit it oh okay yeah we can just do
the chat yes help us we are being held
captive by scum soft on the small moon
of pesto on an impenetrable force field
surrounds the moon it must first be
deactivated its origin is unknown to us
scum soft security is armed with jello
pistols jello we're counting on you to
save us whoever you are
jello pistol two guys in trouble oh okay
well cool cool Ozzy that's a ridiculous
message that's very long it's just very
long I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry they
expected that people have to having a
modicum of patience whoa oh sure hi can
you hit that save hit that new save
button saved number 29
oh fuck I thought you were saying it was
up and I went to go look rich oh I was I
was just lying it was a lie it's just
the way it is did you do do do-do-do to
do things I'm never gonna change okay we
can stop now that's it yeah we're done
oh you got all the things over there and
all the things over here let's go here
to the Twatter so we can thank all of
the wonderful people who have subscribed
to us during this very stream much like
bling
binges I think I think the one is
supposed to be a high yeah oh I thought
were supposed to be 2l so I thought it
was like blings
oh it's blinks and there's no eye for
the L after okay but you don't need the
eye that's like a license plates let's
just blow winds Timbo five one four
blocks key bros for 12 months in a row
who says woot one whole year Theodore J
hooker for 45 motherfucking months in a
row says woo woo
Duke vocals can't fool ooof 13 months in
a row that's bizarre bud scare wise says
hooray for months Sunday I'll finally
watch infinity war and then I could stop
avoiding spoilers watch these prereq
broadcasts I missed a little bit since
we've done the big spoiler one I don't
think we've talked about it since I
might have mentioned one or two big
things sure yeah star Horrible's for 36
motherfucking months in a row
who says sorry for my drunk rambling so
you guys rocking keep it tight at school
keep it warm Kamel 1913 mister glitch
for 12 months in a row
who says Space Quest 3 was my very first
PC game hooray for being damned old it
wasn't quite my first but yeah was it
early for me mm-hmm
love those Sierra games either they're
great fun okay yeah I can see I can see
why people like them my first was phase
space quest one heck of a way to start
evil hon right hon herb on I don't mean
where you want Oh evil or evil evil
kahan says or evl kahn evo come alright
sure sure evo gun says thanks for all
the good times I'm sending you a huge
hug from Mexico to Milwaukee a dios mio
I owe you the thing Jack said I the
Smeal V stud comic who says it should
have been longer but I forgot to click
the button
I'm sorry gotta push that whopper button
sorry push it push it real good custo
still remain me Jimmy lays for 16 months
in a row but Fox thingy that spatial
llama who says space quest 6 is the best
in the series fight me
I mean think whatever is the best you
want man oh shit I'm glad you enjoyed
that one true weapon you know it's
sometimes it's just like it's nice to
know that somebody found something that
they enjoy it's like that's good that's
good for you it's all it's all you know
kind of almost fun for them
I honestly you know like nothing and
nothing is uh it's all your opinion and
that's fine
woody they discovered huffing I have
been more concerned for their safety
like if they were pushing like huffing
is the greatest recreation like this
like me yeah yeah but I like space +6
like there's some objectivity - huffing
like it's bad for your health
you know I'm sure I'm sure you have a
good time huffing but I have some
concerns you're only hurting yourself
you probably have some family members
that give a shit whether you live or die
so think it over think it over man just
think it over think over the huffing
that
tree Tokyo 250 dimitri p killer karate I
think we missed both true weapon
where's react and kill switch
10:27 that's very possible that I
skipped all three of those my apologies
gruel sandwich whose as here we are 11
months of reminding myself to give you
guys freebies Oh bucks Jack don't forget
to pick up eggs on your way home and
rich tell Karen we miss her okay thanks
for all the free fun times will do
Claire Claire Lu or Clemmie live one of
those as one of those and I said it
Marvin Pontiac Gabe Lee the stunt lady
sunshine lol e pops one trout 9k six
yeah you got this six
look you Bria Sarah yes six lugubrious
errors hey guys don't get hey guys yeah
guess what what chicken button you know
why
what chicken thigh chicken thigh yeah
you know who Oh chicken food
that's not yet chicken poop that's not
him that's to live you know the rest I
thought it was chicken poo chicken
breast I didn't know that one I think a
sacrilege to come back after an end but
we need to read the rest great like
Purdue cat spooky kabuki quoi a Quaid
Quaid Quaid but turns are green for 41
motherfucking months in a row says hey
guys please wish me luck on the upcoming
48 hour film festival coming up we took
your we took your advice and have
dedicated jobs assigned good luck good
luck yeah good luck that'll make things
go a little bit smoother but hey have
some fun
lose some hair yeah makes them make
something dumb and have a good time Mike
kcat jerath garros says yeah
look I let my subscription lapse but I'm
back now for some more juicy shack me
thank you push a level mustard ooh cyber
Marian yes Iver Marian to 385 child of
furniture vulgar puppy who says great
stream boys appreciate cha fire hot 12
Silver Fox to KO mr. Alex
for 20 fucking months in a row this is
Wow it's about 20 month anniversary and
I can't think of a single worthwhile
thing to say fuck
mmm they go fucks worthwhile yeah Mel
don't dull Renault one says love you
guys and how you constantly subvert my
expectations that's what we're good at
it's because you expect quality men to
kill us for 20 fucking months in a row
who says thanks for all of the
entertainer's circle 42 says four months
that's some well spent buck asides
fuck asides it was buck azides and
skorpa Zoids right like just everything
Zoids come on Sierra like that's cute do
you think that was like a thought-out
joke or they're just like fucking put
soit on the end we'll call it a joke we
gotta get this shit out as a score
preside these of Buccos oi - spaceship
azides their star resides make it happen
I'm fine with this either way
- Hines Hellcat striker for 13 months in
a row Bentham 99 says help us we were
being held captive by scum soft on the
small moon of petrol on an inheritable
force field surrounds the moon it must
first be deactivated its origin is
unknown to us the scum soft security is
armed with jello pistols we're counting
on you
here's what I'm gonna say right uh-huh I
on ironically I legitimately love the
idea of a video game making a person
write something down on a piece of paper
I legitimately
that all right I think I think in this
day and age maybe doesn't stream that
well no oh no wouldn't I mean obviously
you saw how long it was taking me it
does a stream very well but you know
what I would love is a game or you know
what has the possibility of for me
loving obviously it's all situational
it's all contextual but like a game
where you had to kind of draw out your
own map yeah where it's like there was
no ingrain map but if you wanted to know
where you were you could actually just
like get out a piece of paper like okay
yeah this room is here this room is here
this you know like and your own piece of
paper you had a little map I think that
would be neat I'm not playing on games
that have done this like there were
games like the UH you're kind of
encouraged to I know this has happened
to me
like in in Phantom Hourglass for the the
DSU were encouraged to write notes on
the bottom screen cuz it had the little
stylus you couldn't draw your map but
you were you were encouraged to write
notes
I know in pac-man at one point I had
routed out on paper my own pattern oh
yeah yeah cuz that's how you handle
pac-man at the higher levels you don't
you don't you don't wing it yeah you you
kind of have a general patty go here and
you'll be okay uh-huh
and I had my own for pac-man that
carried me decent way through I think it
got me to did give me the key and all
got me to the bill okay okay well that's
great I I think stuff like that is fun
it it kind of encourages like a deeper
participation from the player if they
have to do something you know do
something a little extra outside of the
game I draw out a map for mist right so
yeah stuff like that my friends and I
had maps on graph paper for Bard's Tale
that's great that's great
Jack play the damn neverhood what's now
I don't know whenever it is I'm sorry
it's fine where we leave off I don't
know
Burger King diamond
we be lengthy Taichi cigarettes kitten
mittens Shan Simonis says three months
in and loving the stream it's been super
exciting to listen to Jack learn all
about Dungeons and Dragons nose that has
I'm excited to as a person who was DM
for more than ten years you did a great
job
thanks well we'll see how it works
adding some more people into the mix
possibly tomorrow
yeah just messing it up it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
cat or cat
Kotaro Alt Delete who says I appreciate
everything you hack frauds do and I'm
happy to give my hardly earned bukka's
ODEs to keep doing what you do thank you
thank you very much our alt delete' and
blame five thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do alright I'll be
more Space Quest some other time have a
nice one
