Feb 25, 2018
Metal Gear Survive
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/234368826
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/234370875
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/234382573
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmRyhP7HNso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfkvC7ZtcNk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGB7wqgIbW4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/967874562254925824

[Part I]
vacuum dad all right fucking hell man
second dad does the whole string just
backing the whole dance the whole stream
I won't say anything it's like I could
play as the the green because I need
more unlocked but I want to fucking be
the ironclad all right I'm gonna back
him dad I have no control over this you
don't
Jack has become a crazy man you don't
have anything
yeah bad I can kill this dream that's
true but that I would keep this hey at
this point you're just damaging our
brand now you speak in my language hello
hey everyone welcome my Jack's so weird
as you know many of many reasons many
many reasons hey everybody welcome
welcome to the I'm subscribed oh that
you know I stopped it's fine I'm fine
so Jack rich what's going on why are we
playing slides fire because I am fucking
obsessed with the game and playing for
40 hours talking about it for an hour
and then editing the episode for 20
hours only made me want to play it more
okay I'm I I want to beat this game as
the ironclad and I have not yet okay
I guess I guess we should get going then
doing it are you gonna do this drunk
yeah like that is that gonna help is
that really gonna help I think that's
why it's good do I know
14:22 iron-clad
go this definitely isn't mine
you know so by the way you know the
weight you don't get the whale bonuses
if you die too many times too many times
if you don't if you don't want to get to
at least the first you have to get to
lose the first boss but if you die
before you get to the first boss the
next time you don't get the whalebone I
know which sucks I'm sorry
the often do you die before in this
Sunday there's been times before the
first boss I wanted to restart yeah and
then you don't get the well bonus but
really how often do you die before you
get to the first boss not too often okay
okay
but it happened earlier today and then
it pissed me off on when I went on
another world slaying all night
I don't know well we'll see how Jack
does see how upset I get at losing
constantly alright let's see here
there's not a shop coming up close so I
could obtain a random relic or I could
obtain a random rare card I think I'm
gonna go over into rare card huh all
right that's a decent that's a decent
finisher exhaust your hand dealing seven
damage for each exhausted card no this
is not dead rising but here's my
question Chad do you wish it was too bad
it's too bad because it's too fucking
bad shop up here
like hitting the most fires I can so if
I got a bad fire
I can't hit the shop anyway so that I
might as well hit this shop
ha oh and oh this way I could hit 2
shops and never mind never mind
new plan yeah alright let's go let's go
do this ironclad easy he's busy
slay this fire isn't a video game it is
it's it's a it's a great video game it's
a video game I enjoy it has some issues
but overall I think it's a great video
game I think it's a very you know it's
basic as far as as far as the moves
because all the math is in front of you
but it's it's great it's exactly what a
video game is which is just you know you
get a you get an enemy oh here we go so
this is less of a video games and Final
Fantasy that's just not true come on
that's just simply false come on settle
there
the different cards you get radically
change how you play as opposed to just
what's my most effective attack do that
over and over again and over and over
again oh god oh god Pokemon this game's
fine okay oh god Pokemon alright here we
go
yes I would like to remove a card from
my deck
I would like to remove these cards from
my deck
great great here we go we're doing great
guys we're doing great so far I'm
feeling good things golden idol I've not
won this game since the review I haven't
gotten to the the third world boss yeah
but it's demolished it doesn't matter
what my cards are I'm gonna get
demolished I've gotten to the third word
boss a few times what's what's going on
what cards do you have what do you what
are you looking for what are you looking
to do
III got a whole bunch of like you know
it's obviously like it's just starting
so like I got friendly fire which is
exhaust your hand in deal seven damage
for each exhausted card yeah
which makes for a great finisher that's
like that's a nice I got him on the
ropes
super damaged and I just picked up this
which is add two wounds to your hand
yep gain 15 blocks that pairs well with
fire exactly and fire with fiend fire
and so like it's two extra cards that's
14 extra damage and that's a good block
card and so you know I don't have a
strategy at the moment cuz I don't I
don't have enough to work with but it's
a decent base I picked up the golden
idol where enemies drop 25% more gold
and I took some damage because I didn't
want a let's see here nothing else
Pokemon gave us the great matchup versus
the star the star me was that what it
was calm I've never rude it harder for
the CPU oh I knew I knew everyone was
rooting for the game but I beat it
fucking game you did it rich you did it
go and win that's a great card now that
says I just watched a recent stream it
was surprised to hear rich never played
System Shock 2 especially since it used
the same engine as thief here is a
donation so you can buy a copy on GOG I
have a copy I have a copy
I even have it on CD I've just I've just
never gotten around to it
System Shock 2 hmm I don't know sorry
you should be you should be sorry
absolutely table Kirk says thanks for
filming a new prereq at the New York Toy
Fair they revealed the new TMNT cartoon
style introduces magic in the form of
big trouble a little china type mystical
city underneath the sewers yeah that
looks stupid pants it does look stupid
fans I mean you know I get like it's a
kid's cartoon so there's not a whole lot
I get to say about it and but yeah it
just doesn't look cool yeah I want that
golden I mean that go take the doubt
I know Raphael is the leader what I
don't get it is that true that's true
yeah what I've read it's like that's
snow Raphael has never been the leader I
know I know the lyrics of the rap song
they wrote for the first movie got that
bit of information wrong no he's cool
but rude no no no no for the movie the
rap song they end the movie with the
live-action movie and Raphael is the
leader no no he's not he never was do
they really get that wrong yeah they did
in the in the teenage TMNT live-action
and then I've seen people respond like
comments whether there were the reveal
for the new Turtles where was the leader
in the comics they don't know shit
Raphael never led jack shit
he never led jack shit interest yeah
interest
thing leo was totally the leader in the
comics Raphael was the idiot Oh rose who
would Steve is a tough guy but he was
nobody was hot-headed idiot not Michael
and Michelangelo was my kind just so the
goofball er okay okay I got a couple
decisions to make here rich and you know
that one of these decisions can you know
make make or break the run didn't all
the turtles look the same in the comics
yes but they still had different
personalities yeah okay so I can soup up
my finisher and do ten damage per
exhausted card which would be great I
could you know I got this body slam
which is deal attack for how much block
you have which will pair great with my
power through and I could change it from
costing one to costing zero which is
very helpful or my power through instead
of getting 15 block and gain 20 block
which one do I want first probably want
the mega finisher first that's gonna do
that's gonna do me more gird gird early
in the game mm-hmm great
glad I could talk it through Batman but
in the original comics they were all
basically the angry or after stereotype
not really
leo is always the serious one Raphael
was the one who would fly off the handle
Donatella was a little less nailed down
with what his personality was okay
Mike was kind of the goofball he wasn't
super intelligent genius-level in the
comics at that point well right that
that came later escalation is a real
thing
black-and-white comic Donatello for a
while was just kind of there is the
early days sure
here's what I'm thinking here's what I'm
thinking rich bag of preparation at the
start of each combat draw two additional
cards which means for my first round
instead of having five cards I'll have
seven cards which means that if I get
friendly fire I can do 60 damage right
off the bat which means I could arguably
kill someone before they have a chance
to do I know which is you know that's
very uh I tried that strategy on stream
didn't work
well you're right you need you need the
luck of a draw a chap that the original
turtles of black and white they didn't
really have a pizza thing I'm sure I'm
sure they ate pizza at some point but it
wasn't like a thing also what wasn't a
thing cowabunga wasn't a thing well in
the black and white comics I think once
the cartoon had took off they threw in
one reference to cowabunga once sure
yeah I'm doing the bank preparation I'm
doing it and I'm removing a card rich is
a total hipster how how oh yeah you're a
total loser I would have to like those
black and white ninja turtle comic books
ironically to be a hipster right well
you just like them we're talking about
something I have loved since I was 12
yeah yeah you're fine
Oh see bum look at this this is it right
here so one two three four five six yeah
okay so I went
paid off already paid off already
oh that could work that could work well
together okay
does Jax Tech have a plan yet or is it
just in its infancy Jack okay so it's
coming together so check out what I just
got what I just got is whenever a card
is exhausted gained four block
yeah which will pair supremely well with
fiend fire which is exhaust your hand to
deal 10 damage for each card exhausted
yeah so then if I can't get them the
first round and if body slam isn't in
there what I need now is I need a card
that deals me more cards okay so what I
can do is exhaust a bunch of cards get a
shit ton of block then if I can get body
slam and use that block to attack again
I got the I got the mohicans I got the
makings of something and you know what I
need I need barricade barricade is the
card that means you don't lose your
shield in between rounds it's too
expensive and it's it's it's to
barricade it's too expensive yeah you
could cost you basically around to use
it yes you're gonna get mauled when
you're trying to use it and then later
on the enemies do so much fucking damage
every motherfucking turn everything
you're never gonna have leftover shield
to begin with barricades of fools it's
fool's gold barricades but it's always
so tempted great on paper oh wait do I
do it again one two three four five six
this is a ten each it's ten each so I'm
gonna do it's close but not there I want
to do but five six and then he's gonna
split into two he's gonna split into two
with each having five health yep
and so then all I need is two attacks
which I have I can do it I can do it
okay
so then my next hand as long as I gave
both of my attacks I win and you do
great congratulations I win that that
backpack of preparedness has been paying
off so far barricade + dexterity relics
and powers equal invincibility they
could it could and there is there's
another car that like gives you even
when it when it's upgraded especially
gives you 40 shield if you pair that
with barricade this could do well anger
could do well for the long game every
time you play anger which is a free card
to use it does for damage and then makes
a copy of itself in your discard pile it
could just if there's things you want to
keep coming around well with your note
with your that might work for you it
could work for me the thing I really
need to concentrate on though is is draw
more cards I need cards that let me draw
more cards mmm this is this is a tricky
one jack is not at all interested in sub
subnautica and I don't I don't really
care either not even a little bit
hello shop
none of you let me draw more cards off
your block that's useless this is a good
one the minimal if I'd hand whenever you
play a power a random card in your hand
costs zero that's good one that's a good
one none of these will do me any good
son we're just gonna we're just gonna
delete a card we're just gonna trim down
we're gonna trim down the old deck here
get rid of another defense we don't we
don't need it trim it down slim and trim
years over get to some fucked up stuff
with these guys because and there's
multiple little enemies now
if you guys could replace any role with
Jeffrey Combs what role would you pick
showgirls replace Kyle MacLachlan or
replace no replace what's your favor
safer yeah a little bit Berkeley with
Jeffrey Combs yes I would pay real money
to see I'm an investor ah consider me an
absolute investor right off the bat real
money people real money I'll add a
second mortgage to my house just make
that happen yes
ed Oquendo says what are the chances Jay
and/or Josh joins you guys for the
injustice to stream also does mumblecore
have any merit or is just pure hipster
garbage thanks for all the streams love
you guys
I am other than being a name I've heard
I am not at all familiar with mumblecore
mumblecore is a at least in movies it's
a it's like what are they the duplo
brothers the what is it what was the
movie that what was the famous movie
that they did where it's like loner
loner people talking about how alone
they are Zach Braff made a mumblecore
movies yeah what was it called Garden
State yeah it's it's basically like you
know sad the sad boy movies yeah that's
mumblecore movies do play the Duplass
brothers yes yeah
Jeff who lives at home thank you and
plus if the whole the whole deal was
injustice to us the story so good it's a
good DC Comics story then we should be
paying more attention to the game and
less attention to guests so it probably
wouldn't even be a good idea right vana
Brown Adam Sandler says I am one of
those people who didn't like the
animated format so hopefully this extra
tip will help with the extra work
required for the couch format keep doing
what you're doing thank you we heard you
we're there we poked a little bit of fun
in this episode but we we hear you you
like to see our faces oh here's a fun
thing I'm gonna I think I'm gonna I'm
not gonna tell you the answer yet
yep chat I'll put up like an official
quiz on Twitter or something but for our
close-up cameras one of them is the you
know expensive brand new DSLR and one is
the five year old DSLR with the fact
hacked firmware guess who has the new
camera because they both looked really
good I think we go through your close-up
and my close-up looks very good
and I think they looked really similar
so it's gonna be a guess who had the
nice new camera do you have your camera
I had this game I hacked the old camera
so you can change the firmware so it it
records at a higher megabit per second
data rate okay it means I'm gonna burn
through memory cards I had to buy like a
fat new memory card for it but is it
okay is it legal to hack your camera
yeah it's legally old okay it is the
warranty yeah but it's legal okay
okay mister I don't like emulation
shears hacking his camera now and you
know while emulation is technically
legal having the Proms as those with
legal what if you owned the roms you
don't you can't buy the roms you what
you own you
disk it's a whole thing you know you can
use an emulator on your computer and
played from the disk you know you can do
that right right and that's that's fine
like if you own the disk then some
things you can actually just make copy
of your disk yeah yeah
but he's gonna curl up yeah he curls up
oh-oh-oh I'm a dummy dummy rich it's
fine everything's fine I got him
yeah what happens if you literally have
no cards what have you a managed you
managed to exhaust every card in your
deck then you can't play that turn and
just keep attacking you because you know
why cuz I've done it before with this
car this car that exhausts your cards
absolutely was an accident or was
curiosity huh
was it an accident or did you do it
deliberately out of curiosity out of
curiosity this this is the this is the
start of the make ins impervious gained
30 block which is really great one that
enemies about to do 52 damage it helps
alright alright alright I think I'm
gonna do the boss like I think I'm gonna
do the elites rather than the store cuz
I just don't have any money anyway
okay and so I'd rather have the extra
you in the first world yeah I'd rather
have the extra ruin oh this boss is
fairly easy to you'll be fine
yeah well the the problem with my
current my current deck does really well
against one enemy multiple enemies are a
problem how many worlds in this game
currently three no I'm assuming they're
going to expand it are they going to
expand it watch me have no idea
could you know what's fucking let's do
this right off the bat
magical tremor 37 says jak reviews
Skyrim on April 1st do it no would that
a lot No
rich Rai and jury at lunga lunga or sky
gray you know what I'm saying please
play blood-borne again because the blood
sings to you stop ignoring I played
again at some point
please play metal gear survive we're
talking about it and think about it
today we're thinking about thinking
about it I'm thinking about it you
remember that game with the shitty
storytelling yeah but I've had that
really that actually really good my
studies espionage infiltration combat I
do remember that yes let's take the the
interesting parts of the game play out
and just replace it with zombies
survival and zombies there you got to
eat and shoot the zombies
ah fuck
I'm a little fucked would you guys ever
do sponsored streams you get ads so
technically technically we already do
not only do we get ads but you you guys
you know give us tip you subscribe to us
which you know gives us revenue you
watch us on YouTube we are sponsored by
you I know what you mean though like
like would we ever do a stream where
it's like hey the nice people over at
Nintendo want us to play Super Mario
Galaxy
hey now and the problem is we could only
get away with it once because we
wouldn't give a shit and then no one
would ever sponsor stream again look
even even the part of me that would you
know that if they offered me enough
money we want to jump at it even you
know even with that oh that's a perfect
time for fire free fiend fire but yeah
but then I still have more it would ruin
us if people thought we were shells oh
yeah that's true uh honesty is her thing
we say what we think we say what we want
we do what we won't and I think I think
the minute the fans sense otherwise yeah
it's over that's that's a career ender
for us that's probably true that's
probably true
the short-term game that would not pay
off long-term yes our thing is making
fun of shills correct
yes
well that's the nice thing about this
enemy is I have the power up that any
time a card is exhausted I get shield
and all of these all of these days
guards exhaust so I get free shield
basically every time okay here we go
here we go now I can do some damage now
we can win all right that wasn't so bad
we made our way through that one we made
our way develop upon pickup upgrade to
random skills and so you know quick tip
you want to get cards first because one
of these might be a skill I don't like
any of these but if it's another
situation like that where we have
multiple enemies to deal with I would
like I like another attack
I like making him weak shuffle a wound
into your draw pile that doesn't hurt me
too much I can't I can't tell you what
to do again I mean I made it you know I
made it through that but from you know
it's like you're better at made this at
this game anyway so my input it just
okay weightless I upgraded a basic
defense which isn't good but I also
upgraded my my power through so now I
get 20 block into oh you know what I
don't mind
upgrading the basic defenses I don't
mind that sure I'd rather have him
upgraded than not yeah yeah but I could
have upgraded a strike I could've
upgraded impervious strikes you want to
get rid of anyway so I'm less I'm
lessened down with getting upgraded
strikes yeah I'll take an upgraded
normal defense card defend if I if you
if I upgrade impervious get 40 block
which is really nice what I really want
to upgrade is body slam it's good for
one turn and then it's gone for good
though I don't know about that
impervious I don't know about that man
if I can get that if I can get that a
barricade card and then you upgrade the
barricade and then it only
two instead of three yeah it can work it
can work it works early it's just later
when they're when you're literally
getting 70 damage done to you in a one
term yeah oh yeah yeah oh I know there's
it hurts that's all I could say it hurts
yes that's correct Jack hasn't win in
this game I do not I have one win and
you guys saw the the first half of it
which was the the amazing like triple
the the poison than triple the poison
again one though can I get like 25
percent credit absolutely oh no you get
50 percent credit you were there you
helped me build that day yeah yeah
absolutely
how harden says good evening jack all
right
Congrats on the air fly smackdowns you
have joined the company of Obama for fly
deaths I saw that thanks for sure
whoever so much air there with me
apparently Obama did the same thing so I
guess you could say I'm like Obama
you're the white Obama I'm the white
Obama that's what they call me they call
me misunderstood in my time okay here we
go and we win that doesn't qualify you
for president I don't know what does
this is what I'm saying
boom good luck tonight
to strength
I like I always I always want this card
this flex card which is like it's a free
play it makes all your attacks a little
stronger and then it goes away it goes
away and it takes up a room in your deck
it takes up room in your hand right
absolutely
all right I did get the the relic where
I can remove cards that's nice but we
got smithing to do we are going to
upgrade bodyslam so it is a free attack
whatever block I have okay that's that's
that's the way to go okay all right
doing great first boss boom flex is
great
someone says in the chat it's great
unless you're trying to keep your decks
small right I mean it looks great on
paper it's free doesn't it's not a big
benefit but it's free yeah but if your
strategy is based around getting those
certain cards to come up and come up
together yeah you don't want it in your
deck you know what flex works really
well with is that the card that doubles
your strength yeah cuz flex you get two
you get two strength you then double it
so you get four but then the flex only
takes away - yeah so it's like you it
helps you build up strength flex can
work
I'd rather have what's the one called
where it adds strength yeah spot
weakness or whatever it's called every
time they're attacking every time
they're attacking is that that strength
sticks around that's a good one
Oh or the double your strength attack
upgraded dozen exhaust so you can just
keep up well you well here's the thing
here's the problem with that that card
the card that doubles your strength yeah
if you don't have any cards that give
you strength in the first place it's a
complete waste
exactly exactly but that's why it's fair
it works well the Flex it works well
with Flex I think it works even better
with spot weakness though then they keep
coming up yeah okay okay okay we can do
this we can do this people who don't
play this game or just what
yeah it's gibberish to them it's pure
pure fucking gibberish fine that's fine
let it be
son of a bitch
that's okay I can
I can weather the storm I can weather
this do it man
he's just damaged I can make it I can
make this happen
yeah
but a negative effect of drink the
potion the artifact potions and the gate
negative effects enter and so all we
really want to do this time is is attack
I want to save I want to save my
friendly fire for when I have a bigger
hand and I want to save this to the hope
that it pairs with with my body slam
because that gives me a defense that's
right this this boss has a thing where
if you hit him enough times he goes into
this mode now he does less attack but
every time I hit him I take three damage
so he's only gonna attack me for nine
which is nothing it's something it's
something and he'll attack me for three
every time I attack him it adds up and
so then it's just like do I want to
attack him I do because I want to make
him vulnerable
Dave fore-quarters says I really enjoyed
the Star Trek Discovery review I
appreciate it you're referencing the
best episode of Trek ever made season 6
episode 19 of Deep Space 9 in the pale
moonlight it's pretty good I've seen it
a hundred times and Garrick only blinks
once as far as I know it's it's probably
the most badass episode of Deep Space
nine where Cisco really does some
unethical shit yeah
that's the whole point he had to do no I
got to do it damn it
Federation is dying I got to do it
come cards aren't coming up how I want
them to rich let me have so many cards
in your deck I only have 13 cards and
place the perfect time from previous
well yes it is but I want to pair that
with with my body slam and it's not
gonna work I'm fucking sorry you should
be
no this can work this can work
alright cuz I got this one which gives
me 20 block what's the damage in the end
oh yeah well he does 30 damage yeah so
that'll get him down to 120 and then
this I have 15 damage per card so if I
do so that if that's one one these three
four or four times we you're gonna use
the body slam first oh of course of
course so then that's 30 and 15 times
four is 70 is 100 well what's in your
deck how many attack cards you're gonna
have left are you gonna oh yeah I saw I
can't do it yet you can't do it yeah I
can't do it I can't do it but that's
okay and you can't do the two strikes in
the body slam absolutely
we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it he's whittling me
down but we're gonna make it
one small bosses just finished watching
predator in glorious way okay just
finished watching predator in a glorious
way to loud surround sound hmm
decided to check out the sequel being
shot right now and a little boy is front
of the call sheet hold me rich comfort
me
what what what
I read the thing you sure did I read the
thing absolutely
you predator predator is a fine movie
predators are fine yeah
while I am straight up shit creek
he's upset the main character in the new
predator movie is a little kid
oh that sounds stupid that sounds really
stupid by I I don't know I don't know
what they're doing with the new predator
movie
I'm not up on my predator news look if
it's if it's based on an old franchise
you love in the world we live in now
it's got to be terrible it's just it's
going to be awful
anonymous says so what happens if you
don't get barricade is there a way to
safe it will you'll be forced to start
all over again will you fail without
sense I Evans assistance
I lost way I know you have it yeah no
you haven't have if you do enough damage
he'll show up I have to do 27 damage
okay so that's six four oh yeah you're
all weak I've lost okay
well this game is totally fair
motherfucker rnjesus is displeased
apparently what have I done to displease
you are in Jesus I don't think it makes
any sense to build around something like
barricade unless you happen to get it
early I think I think your your first
few the first few cards you get those
are those were very important to this
game because you build it right yeah
that's what you have to build around so
what you got it will I was I was working
on a on a movement like you know what
what I needed was cards that added more
cards to my hand yeah and they're just
didn't get any I just didn't get
anything I had a fine start though that
was a fine start just play that you play
the what could I have done game you know
if I would have upgraded a different
card besides the body slam would that
have made a difference maybe yeah right
magic Trevor 37 says check and rich your
beards are looking nice a mine needs me
tremendous I have too much scruff up
here oh yeah you need you need to you
need to keep the word trim and nice
absolutely yeah
and I'm not doing that today it's bad
it's bad well it doesn't matter on this
camera you can't really tell have you
seen any good documentaries lately I
just saw one called
tickle dirt which is about a real-life
criminal tickle monster we're done great
thanks none met lately I don't even
remember what the last good documentary
I watched was but just just for fun I've
been I've been going into like the
Netflix and I've been just searching for
like just conspiracy theory nonsense
yeah like like like like the other day I
watched you know it's just like
background while I'm playing games
honestly remember Fox did two alien
autopsy with Jonathan Frakes
mm-hm you should you're garbage like
that
you know utter trash oh yeah cutter
trash but it's fun
especially when you know it was
definitively proven to be a hoax a I
don't know how recently but it's
definitively a hoax and they're talking
about it like such no this is the
smoking gun but a sheep guts in a thing
this is clear since he's wearing a
digital watch you got we can see the
zipper guys this in HD now
then I think like the filmmaker who
fainted came on so well no it's we had
to fake it because we've lost the real
footage but it's totally real classic
because real footage you haven't seen it
because we're law students we recreated
it fucking jackass
you know what I keep meaning to see
which I haven't yet is um I was recall
is it's not a documentary but it's a
biopic of the early days of National
Lampoon mhm
what is it called small and incredibly
loud okay someone in the chat is about
to tell me what it's what it's really
called it's on Netflix it was made by
David Wain the guy who made what had
American summer and it's called it's
called
it's called a subtle and futile gesture
no not subtle and futile gesture it's
clear is that it that's what it is a
futile and stupid gesture okay and it's
it's a Netflix made biopic of the early
days of national importance see people
on the chat are telling me to get
armaments armaments gives you five
blocks and you upgrade a card in your
hand for the rest of combat yeah which
is nice early on but as you move on
you're already upgrading those cards so
it makes this incredibly moot and you
only get five block yeah thinking about
Flex Giver
do you ever see the infamous Animal
Planet mockumentaries that aren't really
mockumentary they're just kind of faked
documentaries no Animal Planet made a
documentary two of them they made what
about mermaids
do they really yeah where they tried to
sell mermaids as being a real thing
that's great and they did another one
about megladon where they tried to show
that Megalodon was still alive and well
and they were very quiet about these
being completely fictional hmm and a lot
of stupid people bought it actually the
Beckwith town one isn't even the most
implausible thing in the world the
mermaid one is just completely fucking
bunkers and fun though yeah
didn't they also do one based on dragons
as well I think that one was one that
one fairly upfront during the program
about it being fiction though oh that's
right I get four to start with now I
chose a random relic and now I have my
first turn I get four
I think I think the dragon ones actually
has a segment up I could be
misremembering this weather up front
about it being fiction I think you're
allowed to see yeah not not not the
Megalodon one note that aired during
fucking Shark Week
I don't need any of them
upgraded armaments upgrades your whole o
arm but you have arguments no I was
talking to you about why I didn't want
armaments you weren't listening apparent
oh no I missed it I was thinking about
it little thing the chat about Animal
Planet and documentaries armaments you
were looking me in the eyes and nodding
you were like mm-hmm
I'm not getting in the way of your
strategies I just missed this fighting
you passed up armaments I was explaining
why I was passing up armaments because
it only lets you upgrade one card for
the rest of oh my god oh my god for the
rest of it I didn't realize you're
talking about armaments yeah no I
upgraded that that every card in your
hand if you've got a if you've got
something that gives you more cards
armaments is amazing hmm okay yeah
that's right that's right savio fresh to
another chance getting mad at me for not
bats backseat gaming gosh darn it
there's no winning rich there was
absolutely no winning I turned to you to
explain my strategy and in hopes that
you would you know either yay or nay my
my decisions all of shat was desperately
screaming that to him rich I I cured
more about the fig dinosaur documentary
maybe I'll get another chance oh here we
go
spot weakness it's a great card oh
nothing fits into your strats i have no
strats i just started okay I have no
strats or strength yeah like right now
my only strat is a slight strength strat
like is to go full strength but that's
not much of a strat you know if you'll
find something amazing at the shop and
will pair with what you're doing
we got here what do we got here we're
gonna get out of there searing blow can
be upgraded a number times I've never
done that but there's four HP gain to
draw three cards finesse this is what I
needed earlier this is what I needed on
my last run finesse gain to block draw
cards yes not bad to draw one card place
the card from your hand on top to drop
out that could work with oh that's too
late now
oh yeah with with the lasts with the
last thing but with with searing blow
and the one card that you passed up
because I wasn't paying any attention to
what you were saying they look really
really good together
because you could keep upgrading the
searing blow indefinitely so every every
time that card in your hand that venom
that that upgrade cards comes up you can
keep upgrading searing blow yeah so what
you're saying is I should get searing
blow and then try to get armaments again
you don't you yeah cuz this is right
here armaments is fairly common okay
yeah that's that's a fair plan anything
else in here not really five minutes
answer for each attack play this turn
deal one down they don't do nothing all
right that's fair we can do this we can
do this and we can upgrade searing blow
right away yeah and just it just keeps
keeps building up every time you upgrade
him another fire up there too oh that's
a good one I'll take it
take it
Jack upgrade searing blow at every
campfire we got it that's that's
dangerous to do though because sometimes
you're just low on health but yes oh
yeah I usually usually I don't use the
fires for health on the if I'm using a
fire for health in the first world I'm
doomed to failure anyway so usually I
don't was the best female video game
character I don't know
bayonet is not bad beta is fun like been
a fun babe
you know going on Sammis I was gonna say
going off of the prime series the one
that actually gave her character well I
suppose you know same as what was the
one where her character's fine just
being badass yeah yeah gave her a little
give her a little backstory little a
little voice was nice but yeah samus
shell yeah I'm just kind of an on
character I don't mind shell portal
shell is in the same boat as Gordon
Freeman where like that there they are
deliberately an on character so you can
be them yeah
I'm gonna put the do marine in that same
category up until doom 2016 and I'm
character feels like there's a
personality there now yeah that's fair
what was the most well-rounded video
game character pac-man thank you she's
gonna she's gonna be here all night
well the the Jack delay was because
because I ain't like I'm a genuine
person and in my head for that like
three seconds I was actually like wait a
minute what's pac-man's characters
what's really get at me I was like I was
ready to enter into a conversation with
Richard about the pros and cons about
pac-man's characteristics before I
realized oh he's just because he's a
circle see not just a circle he's bald
oh this could be nice so again thinking
about armaments yeah
draw a three car yes yeah okay all right
all right if you find armaments that's
great well that's what that's what we're
going for that's what we're building
towards yes
keep doing it just keep doing it now
you're at 21 yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty good
yeah kind of got hosts oh yeah a lot of
defense I just really want I wanted to
at least kill the worm yeah no I don't
even think I'll be able to do that well
10 but then he puts new shield what do
me just go all defense I think I have to
I'll defense and then strike him once at
least optionally use the weak if you
don't want to lose any coins but
probably save that know I'm safe yeah
I'm safe say but I'll save that for the
boss oh yeah and I have my spikes my
scales so I do a little bit of damage
here okay
hot pants us hey guys love the stream
question if he could remake any movie
from the best of the worst series for
the proper budget and work behind it
which one would it be
we've we've had a movie like that on
best of the worst before we even
mentioned that right I know this has
happened well this could work if you'd
if you did this this event off the top
of my head yeah robot Jack's okay you
give that a decent budget that could be
a lot of fun yeah but you know that's
simple you just need another good
another good robot fighting you just
needed a second act action sequence that
wasn't climbing the electric rope yang
right
the sweeper that's one of them the
sweeper just ice organization the
vigilante and the insane car chases
where the highway kept exploding and the
cars we're still driving down the
highway normally did I see this you
might not have been there you might not
have been there edged weapons edged
weapons is perfect as it is I would not
change a fucking thing about edged
weapons
I'm a dummy I'm about to think I would
not want to alter shopping mall I would
not want to alter crazy fat Ethel
because that's fine that's funny because
it's nuts we're talking about something
that had a good premise it just didn't
have the budget didn't have the this
event yeah oh I think there's a lot like
what was the what was the one where the
guy was like you know putting together
his team we watch it we just watched it
recently yeah I I don't remember the
name Duncan Jack's it was that the guy
who am I thinking of something else I
don't know no I might be thinking of
order of the black eagle or the iron
eagle or whatever that one was whatever
one we just watched where it's just like
the guy but putting together yeah we get
the team but everything was done poorly
low blow no I just want to see more of
low blow I don't necessarily want to
remain low blow just want more low blow
yeah that's fair it's absolutely fair
Joe kitty 0:01 says hey guys this game
looks like a browse heavily from
hearthstone ever play it I did play
hearthstone no this is a deck building
game and not a collectible card game in
a collectible card game you start off
with your deck already made and then
just your hands are what change in a
deck building game you spend the game
slowly crafting your deck two very
different things
though it like the the battle to battle
gameplay is seemingly the same very very
different things but I played
hearthstone and yeah I don't I don't
much care for collectible card games
because there's so much pay to win
there's so much pay to win and there's
so much like outside of game game
somebody I have seen somebody say
there's a mode for hearthstone now
that's more like like this hmm where's
it more there's a deck building mode
hearthstone now that's me I know very
little about this that's neat
Horace tone has a dungeon mode which is
pretty much this game oh okay well
that's cool
and that sounds like something I would
enjoy sounding the answer is we're not
familiar with it yeah I have hearts so
like hearthstone is on my phone right
now
twenty-four early access is a ripoff
then wait till it's not an early access
and I know why people bitch about this
if you don't like that something's in
early access avoid it till it's no
longer an early access your problem is
completely solved oh here we go and it's
on sale there you go there you go now
that's the one you need to upgrade yeah
yeah oh there's another Syrian blood
they're sharing below there I don't know
that's quite the awesome pairing it
sounds like cuz you only really need one
well you want to keep a lever there
there - yeah yeah I can't even use both
of them okay unless I have another card
okay do I want to remove another card
you got a lot of strikes just taking up
space so now we got a fire so we can
upgrade that armaments yeah 45 felt I
can pry make it in the first world yeah
okay okay I'll create all cars in your
hand for the rest cabinet yeah yeah okay
okay we got the makings here rich do you
want something I don't know if you're
gonna get the damage output you really
need for the endgame you you really need
to upgrade that searing blow every like
just about every fucking campfire right
right
well let's see what we do we got we got
a push from that gives this extra energy
if we need it and I gotta use that week
whenever he I suppose I could just use
that now point and weaken him up let my
love been says to the jacks and the
Richards an order of preference were to
use list these three human traits
emotionality and physicality mentality -
metal first then body then a cold cold
heart I I don't I don't know maybe
mentality first I don't I don't have any
preferences like what yeah what are you
talking about man who hurt you
intelligence is important
are these what we're looking for in like
a partner or
for six so if I wanted to I could use my
potion I'm gonna save my potion okay
just hit me for six and save my potion
yeah I already had four o'clock so it's
okay so now he's hitting me for twelve
Richwood a think of kids walking out of
class to protest for stricter gun
controls there they're doing probably
more good than the the memorial they
walked out of her talk during I didn't
hear about them talking during it yeah
man they got a bunch of kids who just
saw the friends die in front of them
they're angry and they want to do
something about it I think it's great
he's fucking great let these kids do
what to do man it's probably doing more
than the empty words you get out of the
memorial as assembly
12
forty let's hit let's go big let's go
big let's go big let's go big go big go
big you know what fuck it let's hit him
harder let's hit him harder rich
yes thoughts and prayers are utter
bullshit yes they were harmful thoughts
and prayers are harmful because they
make people think they're doing
something when they're in fact doing
absolutely nothing of any use to anyone
thoughts and prayers are more than
worthless they're harmful
fuck
I'm dead
to be fair tweets are equally worthless
yeah I'm gonna play devil's advocate
here for a second okay
a tweets are almost worthless cuz it
could help spread awareness okay for
something what if your tweet is thoughts
and prayers worthless rich believes in
science science won't save anyone either
says somebody
oh wait that's a troll that's a troll
yeah that's troll alright strong rich
believes science won't save anyone
either
except for or did they kappa don't worry
that persons were trying to get my
attention by saying nonsense no okay I'm
dead I lost again I lost I'm this boss
again oh no I'm not dead oh my god oh my
god I forgot about is the thing oh shit
I got to completely rethink my shit now
what happened I'm not dead why did you
think you were dead
cuz he was about to hit attack me for a
whole lot 21 oh I win I win what I'm
winning yeah okay okay I win
holy crap I thought I was dead hey we
did it
Oh beloved says are we at a stage now
where Bruce Wayne could be gained in a
relationship with Robin it would add
more attention to any scene where Robin
gets kidnapped no no the same you know
what for the same reason that Batman
should not be in a relationship with bad
girl dude he's the mentor figure that's
a parent-child relationship if Bruce
Wayne wants to be gay that's great he
cannot date his subordinates yes no
matter what gender that's a whole
different dynamic that's like--that's of
Fifty Shades you're talking that's you
know so you're still out of luck I'm
sorry all right rich rich we have some
decisions to make
don't think about Megalodon yeah yeah
demon form you waste an entire term you
do but at the start of each turn you
gain two strengths double tap very nice
next attack is played twice double taps
only really worth it if you can upgrade
it but you've got the card that upgrades
cards right demon form oh that's so
tempting I don't know though it's so
tempting I can see yeah it's so tempting
ah but if I get double tap which I have
the card that upgrades cards then I
could play searing blow
twice in a row and my next attack twice
in a row although actually I really
should pick up another attack because I
oh I have almost no other attack like
besides my basic strengths you've
already got spot weakness for strength
yeah I do and flex so I don't
necessarily need more strength so I
probably need double that I did it I did
it okay I did it okay no more thinking
about it potions always drop after
combat
gained one energy at the start of each
turn but start combats with two wounds
in your draw pile when you would dial
heal 50% of your max HP instead usually
I don't get that I think I'm gonna get
that cuz if we can make it to the boss
okay okay that could give us our second
breath I'm gonna use that I think that's
the right call
I'm gonna use that if we can get to the
final boss that that could be the the
thing that that changes I didn't I
didn't see what the other ones were but
yeah well one is really nice it means
it's a guaranteed potion drop after
every battle yeah which you know you use
potions sure and then the other one was
you gain one energy use but then you
always have two wounds in your drop pile
which I don't you know that could that
could mess up any strats yeah that you
had I got a shop here okay so what do we
need to round out the deck we need we
could use another decent attack you know
we have this big strength one you know
what card I'm looking for now is there's
the card break is that Limit Break would
be great but there's the card that
triples any attack bonus you have yeah
does mega damage it's really good nice
you know what I'm talking about oh the
one attack card that it did heavy blow
or something heavy blow it does like 14
damage but then it multiplies whatever
multiplier you have by three well if you
upgrade if it's by five yeah and I'm
going yeah yeah so we we could use at
least one other good attack card cuz
right now I only have one good if you
look at you're looking pretty weak on
defense also a good defense card would
help yeah I mean we basically what I'm
saying is we have a long way to go but
we are more making our way downtown
walking fast okay here's a fire
one fire you're to fire your deck is set
up to build strength over time and
you're gonna get mauled before you get
to the the point where you have enough
strength to do did the DEF blows yeah I
know we got to stick to the edge here if
we stick to the edge we can hit four
fires okay here we go here we go what
did I get ten Danish all enemies great
close
it's like wait what's your potion like
tend to all anime so I can kill you know
what I think it's worth killing one of
them you think yeah
I think it's worth it I think that's
fair just save all my energy well yet
never gonna be twenty damn it you had no
shield so to Vox do-rag says hey guys
just wondering if you get that board
game I sent you
it's called amazing guy right here in
the play it's in the plastic it's in the
plastic Gill also if you had to cast
Bayonetta in a movie who would you pick
dream casting of course I'd have to
think about it Bayonetta someone British
the accents important the accents
important the accents important you can
do a good accent Cobie Smulders oh if
she could do a British I don't know if
she can I know I know she has the right
look to she has the right look gal gadot
no no no
now you know back in the day like during
during Tomb Raider era you'd say
Angelina Jolie she could she do decent
Bayonetta back in the day
what's her what's her name from Fight
Club Helena bonham-carter or what what's
your name Helena bonham-carter
yeah what do you think she's got she's
got some sass to her
still no still no
she does indeed have sass we're talking
dream casting like not not not
necessarily what they're like now right
I know I know she's probably getting up
there an age but I'm better the words
were disregarding that
Kate Beckinsale's when I've seen a lot I
flex you from I know the name from the
underworld movies oh well I've never
watched them
yeah should I be able to pull it off she
got a little sass to her Pamela Anderson
Nevada cannot be a bimbo also you needed
someone who's like a decent actress
Bayonetta is sexy but she is not a bimbo
panel Anderson can only play bimbos uma
could have pulled it off
uma totally could have pulled it off
back in the day me I've made some
mistakes I've made some mistakes rich
but that's okay we're still here
what's tank girls named Lori petti no no
she's she's the cute one
I don't like any of these I don't like
any of these clashes alright I'm okay
with clash don't take any of them I know
I just want you know clash is another
spot your hand where you need these
things that increase your strength to
come around as frequently as possible
probably don't want it you don't want it
let's see what these question marks they
have to offer
okey be 85 cents hey wreckers one of the
best debt tacos I've seen is lost soul
the doom journey of Richard Stanley's
island of dr. Moreau potentially good
film tank by the insane Brando and
asshole
Kilmer it's great
Jennifer Connelly I don't know that
Jennifer Connelly has the right amount
of sass I love Jennifer Connelly I love
me some Jennifer Connelly but yeah again
she plays she plays the kind of the most
he could you need you need more than
just the look yeah you need you need the
the right attitude can I do it I mean
I'm gonna do it
that might have been a mistake but
that's fine we're playing with fire here
people were playing with fire any
interest in x-files I'm struggling to
get through the current season isn't the
current season only six episodes 10
listen that doesn't bode well you be
fucked yeah but you know what it's fine
I'm a little fucker this time it's just
not fair when they're doing 23 damage
attorney let alone let alone 50 like
they do later it's just it's just not
fair
sometimes this game can be total
bullshit that's true
I think that's absolutely true sometimes
once mob bosses love the Star Trek
review even though I don't watch the
show shut this is I guess technically
this is spoilers were you serious about
the plan to the did from the last
episode and the last episode of Star
Trek Discovery I haven't seen okay
I've you know where I've got an even
plan to see it we've been watching it
and I hate it I fucking hate it so hard
rich you know we signed up for another
like free week yeah and we just got to
the point so little Star Trek discovery
spoilers right now we just got to the
point where they got back to our
dimension yeah and it did ruin lorca the
all the mirror like the mirror facade
went on for way too long
everything just happens way too long
it's so boring well that was that was
the best the show was I should kind of
like those episodes even though it
ruined a potentially great character in
marca for the sake of maze villain haha
okay now what do you got what do you
replace that with no no no but it was
like I got it as soon as as soon as that
got there they're like oh we're gonna
see we're gonna see our friends but
they're acting like villainy and like oh
it's tearing me up inside and then that
whole stupid the prisoner is the Klingon
bullshit oh I hated that but they're so
stupid and that was happening in there
and everyone's a villain and I hated
everything and it was just dour and
everything sucked I know I hated it
there and then they come back and it's
like okay we just got out of this awful
depressing mess let's go back to our
dimension and fucking do some sigh oh
the war all the wars ever
going to watch the rest you can spoil it
cuz I just don't care about that are you
going to watch yeah but I won't care but
you won't care my boy is the chat that
might people in the chat care that's up
to them okay okay it's a great fucking
show what's not to get the fact that
it's not a great show I don't know what
you mean by great if you want action
sci-fi it's been done much better I mean
just watch Farscape if you want to
action sci-fi the TV show
well you if you want so but let's say
you want something with like current
graphics and whatnot the there's the
expanse man it's there's fucking great
shit out there all over the place let's
take the the most unlikable and most
boringest character and let's make her I
lead I hated that the show is from her
perspective because that means they
can't do like just an episode and
engineering they can't because Michaels
not there like the ship is it's it's
supposed to be an ensemble show the ship
is our vision of our view into this
world but no we got to go through
Michael who's a dummy who's just a
gosh-dang dummy
I guess spoilers no they're not done
I'll just I'll just fucking go into it
they got a blow-up Chronos which one's
Chronos the Klingon homeworld they have
a suitcase bomb they're gonna put in a
volcano on Chronos to blow up Kronos
perfect they for some reason yeah they
have evil giorgio as captain of the ship
for this mission
Starfleet's down with it its Starfleet's
idea Cornwall and and Saric are all on
board this blowing up the Klingon
homeworld idea and rather than just
having a trusted Starfleet captain do it
for some reason it needs to be the evil
Empress from the mirror universe
I love it it's great oh and I guess it's
a secret that they're putting a bomb on
Kronos even though it's clearly obvious
they're going to put a bomb and blow up
Chronos but then Michael Burnham has a
change of heart
Michael Burnham she sees the light Jack
suddenly because she was in love with a
man who might be a Klingon or was it
Klingon or wasn't a Klingon it was
turned into a Klingon where he's to
Klingon turn I don't know but because
she loved him now she likes the Klingons
doesn't want to blow them up and it's
Starfleet away they've from the
beginning of the episode from the first
for the pilot they EDD to the end of
they happens it's completely
flip-flopped now fuck this show and she
gives the the the detonator
to that one Klingon bitch so she can
basically hold the Klingon government
hostage and that ends the war oh and
then and then the enterprise shows up
what really yep fuck everything at all
alright we're done we're done you know
because that that romance that was done
oh so well oh the linchpin to everything
the romance between the non character
and the emotional void I'll let you
decide which was which I've been here
before written I don't want to do it
okay
you got fiend fire which is nice and I
and I have a decent deck where I'm like
growing in strength and building up
strength so like this could do mega
bucco damage right but also just like I
I could use just another card that just
does damage I have so few you know
here's like that 10 damage fiend fire
though fuck it fuck it let's do it
fuck it we're doing it I'm saying fuck
it fuck it we're doing it
you were starting Star Trek with little
to no knowledge of the entire thing
where would you start season 3 of the
next generation oddly season 3 season 1
is very very rough season 2 is hit or
miss season 3 if you like season 3 of
next gen that's what the series becomes
you know you know what you're in for
if you start with season 3 if you like
if you start watching season 3 and you
like it then you can go back and start
the earlier episodes with the knowledge
that it does get better
interesting rich things just got real
things just got really interesting if I
can make it past this fight that is
for the only bad thing with watching
season 3 before one is cute episodes
will confuse you a bit
he's an antagonist space god there you
go I've just given you cues backstory
and they do a really good job of setting
up his power set from the get-go yeah
okay
madam says imbalance of terror the
Federation see Romulans for the first
time and shit their pants because they
look like Vulcans that was ignored an
Abrams Star Trek do you think Star Trek
discovery writers will honor canon these
people are funny right
it's people money
Nana says hey guys what's one game you
have fond memories of that you wish was
available on GOG or steam my pick would
be freedom fighters love that game and
would buy it on Steam in a heartbeat
the original MechWarrior apparently
spider-man shattered Dimensions which
used to be on Steam and now I want to
play it but it's not on Steam anymore
that's met warrior two though no
MechWarrior one man Meck Meck warrior
one the way they handled the story or it
was just kind of optional and you could
miss it you could miss the main story
question detention but that more--or one
was great obviously yeah yeah yeah
mechanics and combat why's there are
many improvements for for two but I
would I would love to see a remake of
McQuarrie or one you can negotiate your
contracts MechWarrior wanting it would
give you you like negotiate for a higher
percentage of salvage rights which would
give you incentive to not damage your
enemies too much because you were gonna
profit off of that shit
yeah
never played armored core rich I think I
played one of why don't know which one I
think I played a little bit of one of
them once and I wasn't blown away I
don't like that I get arrested but I got
arrested MechWarrior one you would like
find people you wanted a higher and
there's a lot of good things about
MechWarrior one them MechWarrior - I
can't stand the clans I didn't like that
MechWarrior - wanted me to be a member
of the stupid warrior race Otto Otto
fight for honor glory test of battle on
door yeah there was a mech warriors -
mercenaries I guess I guess an expansion
where I guess it's kind of an expansion
/ sequel okay but a little bit more
linear than mech warrior one on or
honor you say did not like being a
member of the clans in MechWarrior -
rich hates Klingons confirmed kind of
they're not my favorite villains by any
means
I'm on the ropes I'm on the ropes here
rich
yeah I'm on the goddamn ropes and so
every time I get to a fire I need to
spend all my time resting and I can't do
this thing I got I got this this relic
here so I can just up my my base
strength mm-hmm I want to use it or I
want to use the Smith to fucking better
my cards but I can't cuz I got to rest
all the goddamn time because I'm on the
fucking ropes
I try to watch TNG should I skip the
first one or two seasons I don't know
that you should skip them entirely my
entire point is that those seasons are
rough especially one like season 2 is
hit or miss season 2 has some of the
worst episodes of Star Trek to the next
generation but it also has some of the
best season 2 is a mixed bag okay I only
suggest starting at season 3 because I
think it's a much better reflection of
the rest of the series ok
oh that's right you confuse me Damon
this is gonna throw off this throws off
everything just throws off absolutely
goddamn everything rich
just start at one yes one and to have
some bad apps but if you're gonna watch
it all just start at one like why you
know why it's not like this the ongoing
story and you will be lost it's very
episodic and season what is crap
I can see season one scaring people off
and and see that's the so like I I
generally speaking yeah I'm a bit of a
purist and I like to start from the
beginning just so I can kind of evolve
with the show yeah I that's what I like
rich makes a very good point that not
everyone will have the patience to put
up with a show finding its way uh-huh
so you start with the good stuff then
you can always go back I'm with you you
go back once you know what it becomes it
okay I know what's coming and I can I
want to get through this though just so
I can say I've seen it all then you go
back and watch season 1 yeah
just started at the start knowing it
gets better and enjoy it for what it is
but if you're not a Star Trek fan to
begin with you don't you don't have any
hook to keep you around right you're
going you don't want to start with the
rough shit
measure of a man is in season two and
that's arguably arguably the best
episode yes I said season two is some of
the worst and some of the best apps
season two is very mixed
Farpoint terrible episode I'm sorry I
know it's the pilot it's not that good
it's fun date alors I know they
introduced Laura but it's really not a
good episode she's gonna vvill really
skin of evil one of the one of the worst
episodes of television not just Star
Trek but of television skin of evil
which one skin of evil the tar monster
that kills Tashi our measure of a man
that's season two and it's excellent q
who
q who season two and it's a great
episode because I said season two is hit
or miss I'm not saying never ever go
back to watch the first two seasons I'm
just saying
start at three so you get a feel for the
series and then you can go back here it
is this could be big people heavy blade
14 damage but strength effects heavy
blade three times that could be it that
could be it if I can if I can lat okay
so now here's the real question wrench
this this is the game breaker so I'm on
world - right
50 health yeah I can rest
I could upgrade a card or I could raise
my base strength by one where you want
50 health and I have a potion that heals
three HP at the end of each round where
are you at I'm at the boss this is the
fire before the boss oh you want to heal
for the first boss for the second this
is second you want to heal you think you
think you think I'm doing it all right
let's see the boss see the boss oh this
guy
how did data have sex potage ER he was
built with a penis
that right there is general knowledge my
friend every Star Trek series has one
episode that is so terrible so much
worse than the house buildable here's
the problem though season one they're
all that episode every episode of season
1 is awful god awful
Jevons what is the worst TNG episode in
the series well you have to say the clip
episode right because technically it's
an episode absolutely
shades of gray
I always struggle sorry to derail your
it's not just for a second here I always
struggle with vulnerability
I love vulnerability you know so when
when an enemy is vulnerable it means
that they take 50% more damage huh and
so right now I could bash him for 11
damage and the next turn he'll still be
vulnerable so he'll have 50% more damage
next turn okay so that's a gamble if I
have good attack next turn which I'm
gonna have heavy blade I'm gonna have
spot weakness I could have a good attack
I could I could really fuck him up next
turn or I can hit him for 24 guaranteed
right now fuck up next turn if I come up
next to me so we're Star Trek episode uh
yeah actually somebody in the chat said
why would you build an Android with a
penis well here's the thing datum wasn't
really built for utility it wasn't built
to like stock the shelves at the grocery
store Dana was a passion project he more
of a child than a device yeah
Bank Pinocchio he's a real little boy
he's a real little boy
or I could end up 461
it's nice he was David was an art
project
right they were he was they were trying
to build a very human-like Andrew right
yeah yeah an art project more like a son
than a can opener
tiny door says advice for the game don't
read it if you don't want to lecture
know your mindset of having as small a
deck as possible is faulty you should
aim for around eight to ten extra cards
for best synergy and combos good luck I
think that's fair and to be fair that we
we you know we're speaking very simple
terms as far as smallest deck but when
you're dealing with probability here you
want to make sure that every card you
have can synergize with every other car
and like let's say I have these two
cards over here that synergize really
well together and then these three cards
over here that synergize well together
but the five don't necessarily work with
each other that's not necessarily a good
thing because then you might add up you
might end up with one over here and one
over here and then you just have to
mediocre cards and so the the idea with
keeping a small deck is making sure that
all of your synergies play well together
I feel like we're saying the same thing
it's basically basically where I'm going
with this okay we get you it's not about
having the tiniest deck
right-ho jeep says rich here is my idea
of how they could and I'm not sure if
this is a joke or not here's my idea for
how they could insert Kirk into season
two of Star Trek discovery have
discovery do an arc involving young
lieutenant Kirk on the Farragut fighting
the smoke monster from the original
series episode obsession why why do we
need to see what was essentially just
the backstory for a good episode of the
original series especially when we know
how it already ends why what what do you
get out of that
what
what do you get out of that under a man
for what 88 or their sixth they're
saying double tap DoubleTap and heavy
blade sure oh I was just doing the math
to see if I did my two strikes
Oh cuz I could I could do heavy blade
twice or I could do both strikes twice
and so that's 44 plus 44 is 88 and heavy
blade twice is 107 106 oh yeah I was
just doing the math I'm with you don't
worry I'm with you like I'm not sure if
that was a joke
I could assume that was a joke spit
balling spit ball spitball marriage
we're all we're gonna see either
probably Kirk or Spock and they're gonna
they're gonna make a huge point of
pointing out how much better Michael
Burnham is than them you know it you
know it Jackie that at this at this
point I just don't care I like I don't
care about Michael Burnham I don't know
why they thought Michael Burnham was the
best for the world she's the worst
character and you know what if she was
just a part of the ship and like the
show if she was not the stars we thank
Karen for nobody likes and I'd be fine
because then you know the moody
character can come in and go oh I wonder
how the Rudy character is gonna have
x-ray vision that moody character right
and it'd be fine we'd go off and have a
Tilly episode next week everyone would
like it because Tilly's great yes but no
the show is centered around Michael
Burnham when every fucking other Star
Trek show has been an ensemble I know I
know she's gonna be so much smarter than
Spock Spock is gonna insists that a
thing and then Michael Burnham's gotta
correct him and Spock's not gonna listen
and the Michael Byrne is gonna have to
save the day because Spock fucked up I
can't wait I can't wait till they shove
that character I hate down my throat
some more
okay okay okay we got this we got this
we got this
what if they write her out of the show
Allah Wesley I would be so done with
that we can braise this we can break it
we can brace one hit alright we got this
we got this we got this all we gotta do
is 56 all we got to do is 61 damage we
can do 61 damage right right
can't we can we not I don't know what
what's your what's your 26 yeah oh yeah
we won we won
nice nice nice we did it we won

[Part II]
why don't you change it in xsplit please
don't judge metal gear on this trash
look I like metal gear 5 I haven't like
the story in any of them
the story is crap yeah in all of them in
all of all of the metal games all of
them I wanted to get into the Metal Gear
Solid yeah I still wanted to it started
off really cool that cinematic opening
infiltrate the base and then more and
more melodrama and nonsense kept shoving
itself in my face uh-huh uh-huh and by
the end of the game I was I was fighting
my cloned twin brother and a robot ninja
I was like no this isn't what I signed
up for no but like I think it's
something you you've mentioned this
before or something people forget often
is we both recommended well Gear Solid 5
it was great and fine it was fucking
awesome man gameplay was fucking awesome
I have a question you have a question
rich why is it Metal Gear Solid I know
the okay well originally I'm just metal
gear right I don't care one into that
the 2d ones and then Solid was a very
singing was Metal Gear Solid that made
sense because the main character was
Solid Snake correct almost every other
game the main character has not been
Solid Snake for was the only other one
that had Solid Snake as the main
character the other the other times been
big boss once it was Raiden once it was
the guy who was not big boss but his big
boss some of the game dear ones I think
was big boss yet they still call it
Metal Gear Solid because that's the name
people know yeah yeah yeah yeah
three and five didn't have solids thick
you know damn well the the main
character of fucking fucking two was
Raiden was that Raiden jackass you
fucking know that
the story is not bad well this is a
matter of opinion and my opinion is that
it's hot nonsensical garbage hot like
sweaty nonsensical garbage when there's
a flying fucking flame whale that's what
I check out of your military espionage
game animating crap
but when you're badass one man military
army rides an actual unicorn there's
that's what we like to call garbage in a
sauna my friend well this game was a
fantasy game another military espionage
game wait wait you need to update it in
um in xsplit no it's over there and I
can't reach it they ride a unicorn in
Witcher 3 right and witcher 3 is a game
full of monsters and fantasy and big
things but metal gear at times it takes
itself very very seriously realistic
gritty war hear the details of war we
use the right abbreviations and then
nonsense happens right it's not a
consistent tone with Metal Gear I want a
consistent tone you could be
consistently silly consistently fazzy
just just pick your tone and stick to it
don't don't give me one than the other
right
look my love it says Jack do you get as
much entertainment from a hating as you
do from loving same with games some
badly designed games make me feel rage
and I like that emotion I think like no
matter what it's about
something big you know that's the
something oh my god what did you get no
I'll take that yeah not seeing their
intense I had that the first time I won
that is that as a fucking i amble right
there I had that the first time I won
yeah yeah so rich rich chose to get rid
of his relic and obtain another rare
relic so his relic gives him six health
at the end of every battle which is big
deal this relic gives you one extra
energy but now you can no longer see if
the enemy is going to attack or block or
do it a do an effect which is really
important but in any case it's all
there's nothing worse than
middle-of-the-road when something is
like a kind of good kind of bad but not
really in an interesting way that was
that's the big problem with Justice
League outside of the fact that it was
made by two directors with vastly
different visions overall Justice League
is kind of like it's bad but it's not
interesting but it's not like Batman V
Superman bad Jack did you know I'm a
whiny bitch because I don't like metal
gear storytelling any way shape or form
I've any of the meaning to tell you that
yeah okay I've been really meaning to
tell you that oh hey that's nice
remove a card from your deck and so like
no I like if a movie is really fantastic
or a game is really fantastic I will
talk and love how fantastic it is like
you know I will make you know say 20
minute video is about how much I love a
game or you know I'll talk about why
something works really well for a long
time I'll be really excited about the
same if it's really bad it's bad in an
interesting way the tone of Metal Gear
is not supposed to be consistent that's
still what I do
like about I don't care if it was
designed to be that way to think it's
designed to be is the thing I don't like
hence I don't like metal gear the rich
you're supposed to like it
the way they like it or not like it the
way they don't like it I mean you're
rocking it so far yeah cuz you got that
extra yep hmm interesting interesting
I noticed rich plays his cards and does
not differ over each one Jack I'd take a
little more time think about I like to
reread stuff make sure it's really you
know in my brain so I know some people
don't like Dead Rising but I don't
insist they have to like Dead Rising
uh-huh
and I don't insist that I don't insist
that Metal Gear should be altered to fit
my whims I'm perfectly happy to leave
Metal Gear alone
I really am just what we're doing we've
review we talk about things that sorry
that's the only reason I'm playing it
right now right it's our job to play
games and then make a video about what
we what we think about the game not what
everyone else thinks about the game it's
not our job to tell you how you feel
about the game it's about what we feel
about the game someone's way up on
you're nuts man
how soon can we expect the review I'm
gonna I'm gonna try I was gonna talk to
her about that later but I'm gonna try
to to push us to record something this
week then I'll take me a few days to
edit so probably next week right get a
survive you I don't know if we'll be
able to like do it Tuesday we got
something on Wednesday but we might be
able to push it out and record on
Tuesday maybe Thursday Tuesday no
Tuesday no no Thursday no also oh okay
Friday that's fine okay Tuesday Thursday
no so Friday yeah and then right after
that we got to play into the breach the
the new game by the FTL designers oh
fuck yeah it's my weakness no but you
don't know if they're attacking I
there's some enemies you just kind of
know what they do they're pretty
consistent sure sure
well I'd rather have demon form but I'll
take what I got yeah yeah yeah let's see
here fluff salamander thank you for the
tip I appreciate that I'm going to enjoy
this immensely since I currently have
the goddamn flu so please take my money
have either of you played the dead of
winter board game could make a fun board
game stream have you better dead of
winter board no rich can you go into the
menu real quick and see if the music is
up on the game they're saying they can't
hear it probably because I have it
turned off yeah you do give it all the
way down
let's make it even louder yeah go there
for everything for everything
how's that because we haven't pretty
turned down probably comically loud now
we'll see
I want to say this is what Metal Gear
was at for us it's good sounds good
sounds fine
great great I do like the music in this
game
I'm getting a lot of it's fine it's
perfect it's a bit too loud that's what
I'm getting in the chest yeah so we will
we will see but dead of winter no I've
not I've not played the dead of winter
board game I've never even heard of the
dead of winter board game so it's
probably dance Wester oh yeah nice
oh yeah
done
if you play attack this turn game for
block that that one sucks just cuz it's
just this turn but I you know oh you're
right just get rid of it you just bought
it you just might get rid of it now
that's a oh no you can't get rid of
stuff in fires in nice nice Achilles
trader I've seen Black Panther I've seen
Black Panther twice now and I think it's
really good I think it has some problems
but overall it's really good III when I
when I watched it for the second time I
was specifically looking for any sort of
artsy fartsy bullshit in the action
sequences and I might have come up with
something but I I wanted a little more
of that I wanted a little more story
integration in the action sequences and
but I think that's lacking in a lot of
action movies that's not just black
panther that's that's a lot of action
movies nothing will compare to how
amazing Iron Man 3 is in that regard but
but overall I liked it I think it's I
think it's a good movie it's a good
story
even though I generally don't care about
kings and Kingdom bullshit they were
able to pare it down into something very
simple and and relatable so
and that's right and he's the only
superhero that fights for children
that's absolutely true
did I notice any bad CGI in Black
Panther it seemed pretty standard the
the final fight scene was maybe a little
math II him versus kill monger and when
they were when they were underground
there's a little bit of man in there but
pretty I mean it's all standard it's all
the same shit I'm I don't want you to
like Metal Gear I want you to understand
it I understand it perfectly I just
don't like it I'm sorry
I hate the goofiness when it's B I'm
silly now no I'm serious now it's silly
no I hate it I can't it hate it and it's
okay if you like it man it's okay you
don't have to make other people like to
shoot you like you just can like it you
know you do you dog you do you
the enemy does not intend it to attack
rich I mean I could afford to use all my
cards anyway it was worth checking well
absolutely
absolutely let's see here boo drew says
hey guys loving the stream I hate to ask
you to say something but can you yell at
me to go to the gym I want to use it as
my alarm on my phones that your fetish
they want to use it as their alarm on
their phone rich what do you think this
is up to you cuz obviously he wants you
to yell at him go to the gym that's what
I got all right you're out of the
fucking gym get up go to the gym
dickhead hopefully that helps
that was great well great glad we could
help
have you guys seen the trailer for uncle
drew I saw the trailer for drunkle drew
before Black Panther today yes
not necessarily my kind of movie it's a
movie we're about old men playing
basketball starring former basketball
stars as old men mmm I want to I think I
can take them 30 health
I got a regen potion Oh still new but
what are you gonna upgrade bash
upgrading shields is underrated it's
underrated great you're crazy man we're
going we're going all risk we're going
risk you're crazy man
sweet Jabez re crisp
starring old men as older men uncle drew
but you got to do it you got to do 21
damage to get him to better off the
three-strikes - better off using the - I
think no matter what you'll be fine
right yeah no matter what I'll be fine I
just
look what I'm wondering what my best bet
is well that adds boner ability which
yeah yeah oh well you still got him
that's the important part you got him
Jack do you think that the Black Panther
was the least interesting character in
his own movie
same with Batman doesn't make a
difference whether not the movies good
or bad it's true
and I wouldn't call him the least
interesting character because you have
some characters that are just literally
OneNote like more minor characters that
are one note like Angela Bassett his
mother she's one knows the the the the
great the the guy who the king of the
mountain people is pretty OneNote no I
kill monger is a more nuanced and
interesting character the villain which
by the way we get an interesting villain
in a Marvel movie thank you before this
point we can't we can't keep saying that
it's not it's past that point
but are we but are we but yet so kill
monger was more interesting and nuanced
than to Chawla but I still I still liked
two challahs shtick I liked his deal
I liked him figuring out how he as king
is going to rule over his people so
but I'm kicking his ass oh my god your
murder izing him
you're absolutely murder izing him yeah
great job
commander gur has an interesting story
as a character I thought he was boring
uh a lot in the movie that it did feel
like a lot was left on the cutting-room
floor both kill monger and I'm terrible
at remembering names you know the the
leader of his protection squad and her
husband I felt like there was a whole
section of the movie of their
relationship that was missing because of
their interaction near the end I would
have loved more with them I would have
loved more with kill monger but you know
you can't you can't have a four-hour
movie but first cut was four hours I
would absolutely believe that what I
think of Andy Serkis oh man he was
having fun you know Andy Serkis doesn't
get to be him a lot in movies usually he
plays you know CG characters so he was
having a good time
he was having just a ball and I thought
he was great
you can't have a for our movies Lord of
the Rings would like to have a word sir
Touche it's not every movie can be Lord
of the Rings now is it like everyone was
good all like all of the actors were
really phenomenal and overall I really
liked it I've but of you know I had my
issues like with everything just like I
had my issue with thor ragnarok and not
necessarily caring about the citizens of
Asgard I didn't necessarily care who was
king of Wakanda but they made it
relatable so it's good
yeah we'd good
all right what do we got here valiant
bloodshot says Jack there is a new
Harbinger story coming called the life
and death of Toyo Harada it is meant to
wrap up a lot of the Josh dark Dysart
storyline from Harbinger and Imperium
preview art look it looks good great I
got to get back into the that's not so
bad
that's 20 oh but you don't have regen
you don't have health regen anymore shit
I need to get back into valiant it's
been a while since I've read anything of
theirs
why are you getting six energy now
another artifact
shit shit dog he's above wasted yeah
shame oh don't forget your regen potion
there's a bad idea not a bad idea
I'm hexed your hex yeah so every time
you use a non attack card one day's goes
into your drop I'll ship shit yeah
shit
shit oh that's okay I mean you get a
couple days you're gonna are gonna
murder anyone
shit
yeah worth it
let's see here rich heaviness says
wonder if you guys have seen the way in
and press conference promo for Freddy
vs. Jason fifteen years ago yes what why
would we have seen this it's hilarious
also which game made the worst decision
by going open-world happy streaming I
have no idea but no what is this the
Freddy vs. Jason weigh-in yeah like they
do for boxing matches
that's very sick we have a little press
conference in there they're sitting on
either side of the room yeah yeah and
usually usually the boxers will stage an
argument to build hype for the fight
sure of course and they did that with
Jason and Freddy Jason raises his
machete towards oh sure
Georgia Freddy in there to break them
apart I kind of that kind of thing very
silly it's cute lick my love bit says
aliens are going to blow up our lovely
planet but wait if they say we can show
them three things that are quite nice
they will move on
what are those three things have fun oh
that's got to be so crazy cuz like
aliens won't care about like puppies or
naked ladies or
sunsets in the meadow because they live
on an alien world and I'll just show
them those things like I don't care
about those things and blow us up anyway
right
which of the two bosses did I beat the
shapes the the donut won the dough new
in DOMA or whatever their names are okay
and that was the timeless one no no the
one that the one that has the time power
where you'd only played 12 cards it's my
beat oh I have not beaten the awakened
one what double a card yeah
power through right add to MCM game fit
I mean 15 block ain't nothing to sneeze
like that I got a fall and if you go
with evolve absolutely then you just
then you just keep adding cards to your
deck or to your hand until you get to 10
of course till I get the 10 no matter
that the thumb follows you might have so
many wounds that you get the 10 and most
your hand is still still wounds
absolutely or I could I mean strength is
not a bad thing right but you can't see
if they're attacking so that that's a
huge gamble that's failed me once yeah I
think what you need these are all your
cards what attacks do you have do you
just have regular attacks for the most
part then you might want to just go
strength yeah and if you duplicate spot
weakness + defense is so important
defense is very that's a shitload of
block for one I agree I'm doing it you
Gaga Jesus Christ
yeah none of them attack the first turn
none of us is rich why don't you stream
more it's room 20 you could really build
a following and make some cash doing
this more consistently says anonymous
oh that's as an anonymous person on the
Internet okay thanks anonymous endo Grum
says now that you aren't playing metal
gear I figure you are missing all the
constant alerts
I got you dawg rich be aware your
stamina your life is low oh I'm sorry
waiting I'm not doing it correct rich be
aware of your stamina no your life is
low maybe you should stop eat just just
stop something
it's great it's great
20:21 too many wounds yep you got you
got a lot of wounds
but I also got a shit ton of cards out
dumbass right absolute dumbass yep
you can kill one of them right no oh
yeah you can you can I can I should have
had enough to kill one of them and get
some block um yep that was gonna hurt
and I I totally deserve it
yeah yeah that was your fault that was
your fault completely
nice yeah I could have been better
should have been better
should have been yeah you took a hit you
took a real hit there how many strike
cards you have yeah
but all of your cards containing strike
not just in your hand just three in your
deck plus three four I'm sure it's in
your deck look at your deck right now
how many strikes do you have ten damage
to all isn't terrible
that's not also not terrible especially
if you go against those little worm
things that are each only ten but
question is am i filling up to fighting
an elite that's that's the question
yeah first hour and a half of the stream
was Metal Gear Solid survive
we got sick of that right no quick can't
wait to play more for the episode I
actually do have some things to say
about it yeah perfect strike is for
everything that says strike in your deck
and it can be a pretty powerful card
oh that's right you're confused sounds
like wait a minute why are all these so
expensive yeah
the snake Oh damn snake Oh Jack do you
care about ant-man and wasp I love Paul
Rudd and I love Evangeline Lilly so I'm
probably gonna enjoy it
the first ant-man movie he was like a it
was like a but uh you know so maybe
maybe it'll be good I'm gonna watch it
I do I do love Paul Rudd yes Paul Rudd
is is a national treasure yes and we
need more Evangeline Lilly in our life
what do you do rich I don't know what
are you gonna do I don't know
I mean I said I say go elite fire I have
40 help yeah also don't listen to me
because you were the what you have beat
this game more than I have
that's true so you know make your own
path
you helped a health that's fair that's
fair
yeah yeah oh yeah that that's right that
the one on the edge there is the one
that puts entangle on you so that you
you can only defend is there twitch
integration for again yeah I kinda want
to beat her on my own
I appreciate it I just didn't even know
I just didn't even know
that's how that's how up on the game I
am
bing-bam-boom they don't do all right my
hand is not
oh Jesus
oh my god it's a lot of them so my gourd
that's a whole lot of whoops well I mean
you're guaranteed to get 10 cards every
single fucking turn now so that's good
oh my god oh my god
that's so many wounds it is
Oh
I'm good to go with some cards and
exhaust now I know I just have to find
one it's cursed cards can now be played
playing a curse make you lose one HP and
exhaust the card I don't intend to get
any curse cards so don't you don't your
wounds counties cars cards no no that's
a status card all right I think we got a
heal
fuck yeah you got a heal yeah doesn't
hurt yeah I need something that gets me
big damage big damage they call me big
damage oh yeah oh yeah wait what are
those uh what are those relics she was a
power card and there you start with that
power card in your hand not bad what's
her power cards I might do that
juggernaut and I might do that what else
again well this evolved sure that's a
big part of my strats and if you start
with that in your hand
well there you go there's your strats
just avoid the fight yeah what's fun in
that
what is the fun in that
Jebus you didn't start off slow there
did your motherfucker
nope see lick my love it says Jack would
you play a hero or a villain if you were
a comic book character your expressions
of rage are entertaining to watch but I
can also imagine you crying over puppy
videos on YouTube you see the puppy
video thing yeah that makes me a hero
crying over puppy videos I think I would
be the villain crying over puppy videos
while my demeanor is that of a hero I
think I have the look of a villain rich
I you know bald men are villainous
that's just how it works
yes because I'm also the dead ringer for
the ant-man villain or the villain from
ant-man yes six damaged already that's
great
so 26 plus 13x 30 40 40 damage kill one
of them
well I'd killed this one specifically or
I could severely injured this one
well the cultists isn't gonna hurt you
this round he's gonna do six damage
that's what the cut that's the first
strike is six damage but then he will
you know he grows in power every turn so
I would say get rid of the other one as
soon as he can also just smart not to
listen to me you're the one that's the
only one I can get rid of right
damn
okay I know I'm gonna have a ton of bad
shit in my deck yeah yeah I made the
right call I made the right call all
right
yeah yeah I'm with you to stream hosts
neither are talking what are you talking
about we just went into why I'm a
villain talking about that two seconds
ago just just don't it's fine Jack it's
fine
I'm yeah we waited for the chat and then
I was dead silent for a minute it
happens man I read were paying attention
to the game it happens
Tiberius what are you gonna do we're
free use I got it milady
you got I got him oh I get immolate I'll
be fine you'll be fine
fine you know elites know oh god I
probably should've taken the elite right
right well yeah I mean you get you get
at least you know you get two rounds
before you're absolutely murder lated so
that's something
or something that's somethin ya know now
they're all gonna buff up and then
they're each gonna do six damage next
round because that's how they were right
so cuz that's how this why this is why I
don't mind taking spot weakness when you
know you know what's something you just
know what some of them are gonna do yeah
yeah I'm with you I'm with the anonymous
is wondering if you guys have played
Celeste
it's a fucking phenomenal game and
Jackie would love the soundtrack also
please stop playing this fucking shit
every stream you hack frauds love you
buy this or metal gear survive listen
one we eat what we like to know I have
not played Celeste and I actually I'm
not interested and it's a pixel graphic
hardest balls platformer and I'm not
interested for some reason I really I
have no idea why I'm not in it sounds
right up your alley yeah I'm just not in
the mood I'm not in the mood and I can't
explain why
gotta be in the mood
oh geez good
nice
nicely done rich thank you when we lost
like ten health
not bad
you rested yeah sure that's there
the only thing that makes him vulnerable
oh you do you have them bag of marbles
nice oh yeah although all the enemies
start at vulnerable so yeah if you hit
him hard in the beginning you do some
decent damage you need a previously
recorded review before I can form the
official dev Johar opinion on this game
we already did one dev jar on this game
we did a review already he talked about
it and after the review we're still both
playing it which I think speaks higher
he summons new minions right yes but I
think that also eats up a turn of his
summoning new minions I hate this boss
mm-hmm I'm with you
I really hate this boss that's fair
thanks tired core
Lichtman love--but says in regards to
richard i could imagine him laughing
over a person falling hard on their face
and also secretly giving money to
charity or helping out at a homeless
shelter so so I saying rich would be
like a hidden hero a hero in disguise
secret identity yeah yeah yeah like some
kind of superhero but in real life you
have to act like a real jerk just to
throw everyone off the scent Oh like
that can't be rich he's an asshole he
would never be a hero but you really are
a hero there's a lot of damage yeah I
get it took a little one out
oh yeah that's a bad one it's fine it's
fine it's fine
so this next turn is your pen midterm no
I hope I hope heavy damage comes up to
look oh and there and he's vulnerable
uh-huh
oh wait you have Emily all right okay
I'm home
oh that's just exhaust one card yeah
that's nice that's nice I thought that
was the ditch all of your cards and do x
per card ditched all right not bad not
bad
oh shit it's alright it's alright okay
and now theoretically he might spend
this turn dying dying say dying he might
be he might repins the correct answer
check yeah fucking dying
what do I have that gets exhausted do
you have anything nothing worth what is
nothing worth bringing back what does
etheral mean which one your ghostly oh
it goes away if I don't use it really
that's interesting that's you know one
one energy 10-block oh wow that's decent
oh yeah you're gonna use that all the
time I hate that I hate losing I hate
losing health maybe if I had Reaper sure
I don't have Reaper I'm not doing that
you don't need I want to go through my
cards though you don't need to rich do I
need bludgeoned you you have the mega
you know you have ways to get so much
attack but then you also have that other
car that does so much attack and does
theoretically more because it multiplies
with your attack bonus having another
mega attack here's okay here's the worst
here's why I'm not sold on taking
bludgeon okay bludgeon is 32 damage yeah
that's a lot of doesn't owns a lot of
damage and you have your mega attack you
have your spot weakness I have the spot
weaknesses once you Conan the extra
damage from that you're almost more
efficient using three strikes than you
are bludgeon once hmm
you may be right you might be right what
does plugged into if you upgrade it like
what's my what's my strength is it like
at like 12 right 12 which is easy to get
to I got like three spot weakness cards
right three strikes is more damaged for
three energy yeah
then one bludgeoned well then don't take
it then don't fucking take it
it's that 42 upgraded they're saying
I've been doing it's also it costs three
I know it's the I mean I got a lot of
energy yeah I'll take it
oh Jesus Christ take it Jesus I know
heavy date I know heavy blade is my big
head yeah bludgeon might be able to take
out something week early mmm that's true
that was my wound not with all the
wounds I'm acquiring that wood that's
full
that's a fool yeah it was errand it's a
good it's a good room normally normally
as many wounds as I'm deliberately
taking on it's a bad idea because
basically your cards don't go away which
means your wounds don't go away either
right and I need my wounds that go away
and come back cuz I get wound you get
more cards but then the one just stays
in my deck I'm not getting more cards
from it and more wounds are gonna pile
up yeah it's a bad idea bad choice I'm
having a lot of energy but that says you
cannot plain how often played more than
six cards I don't know how often this is
the question to ask yourself because
well like if you have so many wounds you
could really theoretically only can play
a couple of cards having another energy
might not hurt but only playing only six
cards I'm doing it you're doing it I'm
doing that shit dog shit dog
what's alright this is our round I could
already tell that's over out right here
it's all the questions and the elites
and one fire no two fires ah I can make
that work I think
oh yeah maybe I go veer right hit this
fire okay questions yeah and he did hit
a couple shops that way
this is now level 3 notice the
background we are now we are now in the
pit or whatever it's called this is
level 3 this is the final
you're doing it you're doing it rich
ooh I was dumb what I could have oh no
that was enough yeah you killed you
killed him you're fine
yeah I'd say it's working pretty well
what do you got here
carnage do 18 damage deal damage equal
to your current block that's a zero cost
whenever you lose HP from card gain
lunch drinks you have any cards that
make you lose HP I don't think so
is there any relic that reveals the
encounters on the map before you enter
them that'd be a nice option if they
could bounce it properly I don't believe
I've never run across one that does that
but nice nicely done you need there's a
relic that every time you kill an enemy
you gain one energy in one card maybe
that's good for the little guys so close
a deck my deck isn't too fat my deck is
just fine
nipple bag deck is just fine a nipple
bag maybe you guys should talk about
something interesting in chat and then
I'll talk about it I'm reading chat I'm
here reading it it's always the case
they always complain that we're not
reading the chat when they're talking
about Star Wars or some bishop that we
don't feel that we're here we're reading
it just not necessarily paying attention
you don't know saying step up your game
nipple what a nipple bag right you're
like you're talking about my beard who
cares about that where can we find your
music I don't know on my youtube channel
I have some live stuff that I did we
were called the king's horses actually I
think on my youtube channel there's even
a live version of a song we did with
Jesse's but that might have been as a
different band even and I kinda I forget
that band name what that band was but I
know I know into the breach is coming
out I've already talked about that it's
coming out we're not going to stream
right away I that's a game that both
rich and I are interested in because we
both love FTL so that might be the
review after Metal Gear survived it'll
be great
I can use Reaper
you could use Reaper especially with
your strength build right now absolutely
I mean it's not the most strength
they're getting good strength
yeah so the offer is to lose 221 gold
and the shops might have might have a
card that you play well yeah
you can do it
yeah you need it you need either the
cardboard burn Jedi mom that's here
whenever you gain block deal three
damage to a random enemy enemy oh you
have to choose a card or Yap to lose
ghostly armor plus lose juggernaut lose
cleave oh yeah that's gotta be gender
not I think so
you know it does a little bit of damage
here and there ghostly armor is a lot of
shield huh I don't want to get rid of
those rammer and you don't want to get
rid of cleave
oh wait what's cleave Plus is that the
one that does damage to multiple enemies
oh except juggernaut right juggernauts
got to be the card we get rid of oh it's
got to be Dugger net all right all right
I'm seeing a lose jug yeah lose it lose
that jug yo what do you got for me what
do you got to make me double your
current block that ain't bad you don't
necessarily know what they're attacking
for so it could be useless but another
bludgeon that's what you're thinking I'm
getting six energy your turn
thanks doc that's true I suppose that's
true question is do I want double my
block
could be nice
but also like your filling your deck
here that's fun this is the strip this
is the Strand no stret yeah I have a lot
of energy yeah then I can play cards
with and you have I have some power-ups
that let me go through my deck really
quickly so I have a lot of cards in
front of me at one time yeah yeah
I want expensive powerful cards here's
here's the other thing we need to take
into an account there is another shop on
your path I only got 70 gold left i I
know it's on sale for 33 I'm probably
not gonna be by the time I get there
yeah I'm I'm I'm almost certainly going
to pass it up but I'm not gonna do it
I'm not gonna do without thinking about
it absolutely I'm just trying to lay out
all your options here
remember that rich also has the cheap
block cards I can't gain potions because
one of the things one of the relics I
have that gives me extra energy keeps me
from obtaining potions Oh interesting
rich has two cards that make him gain a
lot of block for cheap and then if he
doubles that block he can withstand a
lot of attacks but we don't necessarily
know when the enemy is attacking damn
you jack what god damn you you what I'm
just laying it all out rich I can't
afford to remove card I I went with
bludgeon I don't regret it
okay that's fair
these twits
one of them is probably attacking jack
how did I fuck up this run they're
blaming me already rich they're bailing
me rich doesn't listen to anything I say
I thought the idea was not to listen to
Jack that's why I'm given that's why I'm
making sure I put out my ideas so rich
knows what not to do Oh
well I'll keep you down down ish you'll
see you kick this game's ass on Thursday
not on Thursday it won't be Thursday now
that I think well actually it might be
Thursday should be a real light stuff
though maybe Tuesday I don't know we'll
see once sometime this week I will do a
late-night stream they slave the spires
or no sleep til a
gobbledygook says who's to blame who's
to blame what's his name we know his
name his name is mr. boos mr. boos mr.
b-double oze don't ever choose any game
you play with him you lose
cheers kiss a Jigglypuff says I missed
the intellectual insight on the stream
what are your thoughts on basic income
citizen income thanks for the stream
guys I think we've talked about that on
I think it's a good idea I think it's a
I think it's more important they're
gonna be necessary with the rise of
automation and I know some some
countries are testing out simple
versions of basic income now so well
we'll get to you know see how their
experiments go and then completely
ignore them as we always do
did it
we did it rich juice creep up you could
use Reaper
I'm not gonna get great
you're not gonna get it
you got another shop coming up could be
in the shop I'm not gonna get what I'll
Reaper yeah
you hope I see what hunchback Jack what
am I seeing
I'm waiting to see what you say
remember when rich made fun of Reaper I
look I was totally wrong I'll admit when
I'm wrong and I was totally wrong about
Reaper spire till you expire I like
expired to the exam that's nice
every time you take a hint give you a
little damage back well doing something
especially if you have decent shield
because then you still get back it's
fine everything's fine everything's fine
it's fine yeah everything's fine
anyway rich any interest in car racing
Sims like Forza or Gran Turismo no
really more of a Mario Kart person
myself like that Mario Kart
the we haven't talked about the slight
dumb oh did you yeah
we have not talked about into the breach
yet because we haven't played into the
breach yet because it doesn't come out
until Tuesday but I'm I think I can say
with certainty that we are definitely
going to play it because we both so I'm
so dumb what did you do I should have
used a shield before I killed the one
that exploded yes yes you should have
yeah why am I so dumb you know cuz
sometimes you get into the moment rich
and you just wanna you want to do the
thing that you see right away without
taking your time and who was making fun
of me earlier for taking my time and
reading each one of my cards before I
play because I don't want to make dumb
mistakes chat I think that was you
Holy Mother of God
yeah that's right dream it's okay you
were
all right what yeah could really afford
anything anyway are you Oh God oh Jesus
Christ the my everybody
no something-something absolutely what
product do I used to wax my head rich is
what the chat wants to know this is why
I don't always answer what the chat asks
cuz they ask stuff like what do I use to
wax my head no no I just I want to say
that out loud for the other people in
chat who's like why don't you really
care all the time
it's cuz people ask dumb shit o pendant
waited some extra should've waited till
next time absolutely if a bludgeon comes
up I'm gonna feel really dumb yep yeah
yeah you know we live and we learn it's
true that's true that's the great thing
that's the great thing about the game is
you know you can you can kind of learn
from the mistakes you made
hunchback Jax's rich is your sister's
audio book out yet
and if so do you know the details I
think it is I don't know the details I
don't even remember the name of it she
says she mentioned the name yeah
during the strings are books so she
mentioned the name I think was the bunny
Bunnicula where the revit involved
somehow but it wasn't to make you love
I'm real useful you're doing great rich
you're doing absolutely great he's gonna
hurt
so yeah someone will have to go back to
that stream and figure out what that is
and to whoever said ask the question in
Chennai scroll past I plan on getting
Dark Souls remastered for the switch
because I would like to play that on the
go that's something I could see really
enjoying on the go Dark Souls
oh I got no you give me Knobloch
Knobloch
dad
how often do you truly play on the go
very often whether even even if just on
the go means in the bathroom because you
know sometimes that's what it means but
I mean remember that I have children and
so it's very often that I have to take
them to an activity and then twiddle my
thumbs for a half hour forty-five
minutes while they partake in that
activity and then you know take them
home so it happens to me quite often at
first of all nice trip thank you thank
you you took care of that efficiently so
for me is it oh my god there you're here
it's happening it's happening rich the
doughnuts you got to do I never get
these guys you know who I always get is
the wolf you ever get the wolf who comes
back here's like a second oh yeah the
awakened one sucks it's horrible he
sucks
oh my god
so they're they're fucking you up
already um yeah this is probably this is
probably not going to end well I don't
have I just don't have the health right
we're gonna fight oh yeah do it do it
make it happen
well shit you did the pendant thing
again right Oh
Giddins oh I play overwatch every once
in a while I've been playing this a lot
and recently trying to get as many hours
into Metal Gear survived as I can so I
actually have not played overwatch in
maybe we could say goodbye rich there's
a good round I think take your time take
your time to think about it take your
time to think about it take your time
man
Mattia one yes FTL is on iPads and by
the way it plays great on an iPad plays
oh Jesus
plays super great on the iPad if you
don't have FTL and to have an iPad it's
not on Android devices yet it's fine
it's fine okay
it's not fine it's not fine it's great
it's not fine it's not fine wait no no
it's not fine oh god the donut defeated
you rich the donut defeated you
I needed that Reaper yeah the game knew
that you made fun of it and you doubted
its power and now it's not fully
embraced the Reaper I like after that
night yeah and see now that you've said
it live again the game will know now
that you've said it live beaten by the
dough no guts okay
this chat is now saying god damn it jack
Thank You Chad that was my fault the
first relic defeated you not knowing is
so hard I completely disagree that that
having a ton of energy is what was
keeping me in it I I don't mind that
trade-off right
once you've once you've played this game
enough mm-hmm you get a feeling you kind
of remember you know their patterns like
this enemy well he always does this then
his first attack then right and I don't
disagree with my first well what the
question is chat is wood rich had acted
differently knowing that he was about to
die there because he knew he was gonna
die it's not like you had shield cards
and didn't use them okay so yeah I'm
pretty much able to use every card I had
every turn right exactly and you had
three spot weaknesses if someone wasn't
you know if you there were multiple
enemies and someone wasn't you could try
multiple enemies I think that was a good
run that was a really good run what time
what time do we start what's their up
time yo we got another hour to go I
think o'problem yeah probably what's
your run yeah I could do a run how you
doing Ron I'm gonna I need to go to the
washroom you go to the washroom someone
remind me to buy eggs afterwards I have
to buy eggs
and you might want the mouse I do want
the mouse I also want to logout as you
and log he gets me because if I do win
then it's gonna be as me mother chunker

[Part III]
how many wins four Jack exactly one I
have exactly one win under my belt just
one rich and I need before I can stop
playing this game and wait for it for
its 1.0 release I need a win with the
iron do you remember when you have more
wins in this game than I didn't I mean
it wasn't that long ago rich it was like
two days ago
III believe him don't do it tonight ruin
the the sleep stream what am I gonna do
tank it on purpose you place poison no
silent no all right all right
I'm transformer card
yeah that's super happy with that sleep
stream yes if you don't know jack is
planning on what was a Tuesday or
Thursday or 101 Tuesday or Thursday no
there's this week jack is going to play
slay the spire on stream either until he
beats it with ironclad or until he falls
asleep while still playing the game and
as soon as I nod off hopefully I'll wake
up soon after so I can shut off the
stream so you guys won't see me sleeping
in my chair which I really don't want to
happen but them's the breaks
because I really want to beat the game
as the ironclad I've already beaten it
as the silence and I would really like
to beat it as the ironclad by the way
that relic people were saying was bad
where you couldn't see the intention
yeah first time I beat it I had that
it's here so no it's fair
I should watch the stream and call him
if that happens we'll see how lady goes
but yeah I can do that I'll probably be
playing dishonored I'm not gonna stream
that no I did some job I want to take it
in and enjoy it yeah but I totally plan
on playing through the first dishonored
not good I really like this honored to
know there's a lot of fun motherfucker
it's like an evolution of thief dishonor
it really is so good yeah I'd like to a
lot why not stream that because I want
to I want to get into it and enjoy it
like I can't I can't do that on the
stream it's a terrible way to take in
the atmosphere of a game yeah thank you
especially it came like this owner
that's trying to be immersive
like any of this little fur the silent
or sword guy in this game they're hard
to describe it they're different they're
but they're both very different yeah
that which is by the way really nice
it's Nina you get to play the game
multiple times
yeah but they're both fine choices is
what I would say sure sure they're both
fine choices but yeah they're you know
the the the ironclad is more just
standard attack defense and the silent
is is a lot more like potion yes little
little bits of things and poison and
status effects all that all that fun
stuff
Juanes bail on the others female I
believe yeah for as much as it really
matters
all right silent the silence kind of
like a which chair sure that's a good
one yeah
rebel bases did you guys see the NASA
astronauts speak out against Elon Musk
and are trying to shut down his mission
for public space travel butts maybe they
know something the public doesn't I was
like aliens
no it's because they don't want to they
don't want to reveal that it actually is
a flat earth oh there another conspiracy
I were seeing that interview a long time
ago where who was it was like John Glenn
or something was talking about this is
well before like the the the rockets
yeah the Falcon X Rockets were like
operational he was like that's the
dumbest idea he's dumb and like Elon
Musk was giving an interview on TV and
they're like on tennis was like John a
llama says John Glenn is my hero and I
can't believe it was crying because it's
like why be a dickhead man he's trying
to what did they say specifically
astronauts oh I don't know these new
ones I'm just talking about John Glenn
okay they don't want more cars floating
around in space well that means yeah or
they just trying to protect NASA's
interesting do it this is my job and
you're taking my job I don't like
anything oh my god it is I'm not happy
with any of those choices what did we
think the other unrevealed or unfinished
slay the spire character will be like
Jack okay doc doesn't care I don't know
I don't know I don't know what the
gimmick will be
to do
could be anything it'd be great I hope
my only hope is that much like with iron
class in silent ironclad and silent
there it's a very different experience
like arts that is just very different so
probably a thief well yeah that's less
relevant than how it plays them yeah
yeah I guess I could have taken
Mosca do those skirty who sure do nice
on your recommendation I've been playing
slay the spirals I tuned in a prereq and
you're also slaying the spire it's true
this is my life now and I have you to
blame or thank me to be fair we weren't
we weren't going to play this today we
started playing metal gear survived and
then that got old
just got really old
playing that alone doesn't necessarily
help but I think that's something
there's no waiting so why don't I pick
that game because we're talking about
doing review on it and it's an excuse to
get a few more hours into it and it only
got one it's okay it's not the worst
thing no so far it is not the worst
thing but it's it's just like Metal Gear
5 gameplay wise but a lot worse and a
lot less interesting because the zombies
are kind of stupid
oh yeah I mean in game they're just kind
of stupid like you just put up a fence
and you probe them through the fence
mad strats mad poking strats i know i
know Kojima isn't masturbating all over
the dialogue and the story I know I know
and that's horrible I'm horribly sorry
for you Metal Gear fans that you don't
get any of the stupid bullshit that you
so desperately crave look what's in this
pretty stupid you might like the stupid
silly zombies I won't read the stupid
silly interdimensional portals you might
like that that might be stupid enough
for you we can only hope it's stupid
enough for you they know that already
it's fine
at least Kojima didn't try to Bill you
for basic game functions hello boom
Kotaro all delete that's a fantastic
point yes he might have shoved in the
most batshit insane story and but he
didn't charge you money for a save file
whoo-hoo dang who Danielle I never got
past the hospital part of Metal Gear
Solid 5 by far that is the worst part of
the game it actually becomes a fun
open-world espionage military soldier
game after that look what we got here
you just got to get past the flying
whales just gotta get past the flying
whales
liebherr would double healed yes I'm
gonna double heal
yeah oh I have this flower I've never
gotten that healing is 50% more
effective during combat and then I got
the Reaper card you're gonna have to
cancel your sleeper from fire straining
you're gonna have to cancel it you are
gonna win tonight it's looking pretty
good I don't wanna I don't wanna I don't
want to jinx anything
all I got to think is what would rich
Evans do I gotta I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go to the shop is what I think Chad if
the will at the whale ever comes back
and Metal Gear Solid five I wouldn't
know because I skipped all the cutscenes
after that the opening of Metal Gear
Solid 5 that that are that that that
opening alone filled my Kojima bullshit
quotient and overflowing oh my god well
up to overflowing and me me me Jack you
see me play games right it's like a
psychological thing I never skip
cutscenes I just can't do it yeah I want
to break that narrative flow why it's
just bizarre yet Metal Gear Solid 5 fuck
this shit
skip fuck miss shift skip fuck this shit
skip
can I want to yeah I have this so I have
the potion that gives me two strength I
think I can deal with this enemy I think
I can deal with this I don't want to
waste my strength potion on this enemy
Justin elites pretty basic one he's won
though word anytime I do a non attack
sometimes you just got to do it if you
think you if you think you'll be able to
kill him the next turn and sometimes
it's wise to do some tactical blocking
it is but every time I use a block he
gets try no so like I know all I'm
worried about for him is more damage
what's juggernaut say that's the every
time I do block that's not gonna help me
terrible but I got rampage and I got
strike so end and a industro get off so
is it every time you use a skill or
every time you use a skill end upon
anything that's not an attack a skill
skill okay so like I'm gonna use shrug
it off because I want to gain a Corral
no but that'll just make him stronger so
actually I'm not gonna defend here even
though like that'll negate this attack I
you'll get him next turn almost sure
certainly right
maybe that's worth it he's only doing
two damage so yeah yeah long as you got
two strikes next turn
let's see
technical block jack tactical block
preferred strike boom
ooh bag of preparation at the start of
each combat draw two additional cards
and a fire potion heck yeah one card
place a card from your hand on top of
your draw pile that
I mean any sort of drawing card thing is
great but I also just don't wanna gain
five-block if this card is exhausted
gained two energies I don't have
anything that exhausts cards right now
not yet the question is I mean otherwise
it functions like a normal shield right
could you use another normal shield this
is the question right the answer might
be no I don't know but I could also get
rid of a shield later and just have this
in case I get something you I can't make
this decision no no I know you can't but
like Here I am at a shop ready to you
know possibly ready to get rid of a card
see like this exhaust one card draw two
cards and that would pair really well
with that because I it would that means
I get two new energies and two new cards
that is a really good pairing regular
enemy combats are no longer encountered
in question Minds now they don't care
about that somebody's mad at you for not
taking one strike
twenty records - twin strike will boost
perfected strike oh my god I thought I
forgot about perfected strike you're
absolutely right what is this perfect
the strike thing you know that's the
that's the card for every other card it
that says strike on it I got this one
does three additional damage there you
go there you go oh my god I'm a dummy
there you go I think I'm gonna get this
and I'm gonna get strength it was my
plan you done fucked up jack I mean I
did comes over runs over if buddy we can
go home oh there's always more there's
always more
nice nice nice I like this one this
rampage yeah yeah that's good with a
small deck I don't know that's just a
nice it's just one it's just one so like
why not have that over a regular strike
you know
bandits would have been 6hp free heal
the what a bandage you know more
strength and the ability if you breed
the things I'm not necessarily agreeing
with them right I haven't been paying
enough attention to your situation right
right
if I ever seen chaos on the bridge
documentary about the making of Star
Trek TNG I have it was good hmm see it's
this one if I get this one with the card
that if I can exhaust it again anything
like that that'll pair well together
let's Reaper these motherfuckers
one of her William Shatner felt about
Star Trek The Next Generation he hated
it he wasn't the star not like what he's
actually said in an interview I mean
what he genuinely felt I am Star Trek
that's exactly what he thinks about it's
watering down my brand so you look at
these paint look at this do this exhaust
this oh that's beautiful
I suspect he felt a little honored and a
little above it I highly highly doubt
that I highly doubt that felt above it
and pissed that he was out yeah I am the
stop see like here wild strike 12 damage
Scheffel a wound into your draw pile
that makes my deck builder but it also
makes the strike card Shatner was doing
movies at that time he was fine didn't
want to do series anymore maybe maybe
maybe
17 damage that's nice
8 block this card is exhausted oh that's
nice - three times I'll strike we're
gonna damage we're going damage damage
per strike here we go here we go
oh shit no dummy
and saving this just for this occasion
come now the children need to learn
about tech Wars Oh God
Tech more as William sat Shatner series
of novels which were almost certainly
ghosts with me actually you know I read
the first ones kind of need all said and
done honestly but ultimately a cryogenic
prison doesn't make any sense
oh right and that was one of the central
premises of tech war if I'm remembering
it right was a cryogenic way you just
pause them they might be in prison for
20 years for them it's again simple
worst where is the punishment punishment
where's the rehabilitation right what is
right what is it doing like Italy you
know demolition man they they they
talked about that we're like while you
were while you were in the ice we
reprogrammed you brain and which makes
no sense which all say okay like how
what was the energy cost to keep these
people on ice for so long and what kind
of services society society are they
gonna do afterwards right no it all
makes no sense
yeah
this price shadow didn't try and turn it
into a religion like l ron Hubbard that
he'd probably felt no no no no Shatner
fans our Star Trek fans Star Trek is a
very secular thing
III imagine the people who gravitate
towards Star Trek as a general rule
would be less likely to fall into a
hokey religion that was clearly invented
by a science-fiction author
Star Wars fans sure they'll join they'd
they'd buy into the George Lucas
religion they love the religion angle
by the way I'm so annoyed that discovery
has now basically introduced the force
into Star Trek today with the with them
I see mycelial Network but now has
forced ghosts in it I basically they've
it's their version of midi-chlorians
yeah no yeah yeah I guess that's true I
suppose that's true
relatively little game there but okay oh
well yeah no I'm just I'm just trying to
think of the damage output and what I
can do here it'll be fine
I'm gonna beat him there's a deleted
scene where they're sparring with phaser
swords I I wouldn't I wouldn't
disbelieve that in a discovery I would I
wouldn't just count that no
all right here we go
here we go here we go 21
well how many more damage till he clams
up 36 1 you want to get him to just I
don't know if I can beat him okay
like a beer well it gets the shield up
isn't a after oh shit well listen oh you
did you did about as good as you could
hope that's part be the best you could
have done
Oh a stern so hey proof okay well great
now I only have to hit him for two so I
think I can I think I can make it all
shields yeah I'll even hit him I'll
shoot another Reaper another Reaper rich
you need to take it yeah that's great
you just need some strength to get some
real use out of them I really know have
you ever been to any states outside
Wisconsin alright I'd come from the
state outside it was constant hello yes
this could be this could be a fun this
could be a fun one with the snake oh I
draw two additional cards each turn
start each combat confused hey you want
to go for that I'm saying you know oh no
it could completely ruin like I know it
could any low-level enemy could destroy
me because I wouldn't be able to play
half my cards but it could be fun what's
that top one gained one energy and but
start with two wounds in my draw pile
which could pair well if I get the thing
that don't thing and and this one but I
okay no longer use potions at least
obtain them I think you could still use
the one you have could no longer obtain
why don't we go one of those two all
right I say I did good as ironclad I
mean you do whatever you want you do
whatever you want I did good with
ironclad when I had a lot of energy to
play with of course
no of course and I do have the the thing
that lets me draw more cards so I think
I'm gonna go mark a pain start with two
wounds okay
because you know I like potions I know
you can only use three of them at a time
but I still like him all right what do
we need here weed shops and we need
dudes cuz I need more I need dudes
because we need more attack okay or not
it's a strength we need to strike yeah
so I need the ability to get can you can
you even get rare cards from a normal
monster fight that's not a tallied fight
every once in a while they're rare but
yeah I think I think I think you can
alright so I'm gonna stick to the right
here some some Limit Breaks some dual
wheels head do wield in demon form and
madness one hand with the madness made
my demon form cause zero so I used my
upgraded do a wheeled out of nice to get
three zero cost demon form cards that
meant I was gaining nine strength every
time hmm
it was awesome
wait wait wait rare cards are rare that
can't be right
look look look jackass I know they're
rare and they're supposed to be rare I'm
just wondering if they were even
possible even from a weaker monster or
if you had to be in a league I believe
they are yeah okay
well I say I got Reaper from a regular
enemy attack okay okay and Reapers a
rare one
so perfect this dragon isn't your deck I
just assumed it was every strike in your
hand
no it's every strike in your sack I
don't have to I don't have to give
perfected strike more of a chance next
time I see him yeah the only issue is by
the time I got it I actually had already
gotten rid of one of my strike cards
yeah but I always just wrote it off cuz
I'm thinking um strikes to the thing I'm
trying to get rid of exactly
yeah
perfective strike is bad because it
punishes you for slimming down the deck
and slam is win I'm one with ironclad
with 28 cards when win is a slim is very
viable and useful tactic but it's not
necessarily the only thing that works
how does he keep gaining health
as a general rule yes but it is not the
only way hmm actually two of my wins
were 28 and 26 hers yeah yeah I'd show
you in the screen word shows you some
reason it's showing your past records
not mine
it's very strange
Tom will strike just makes that other
card and it draws a card great perfect
perfect great perfect let's do it
why does Jack end the turn with energy
left to use if I if I had to guess I'm
not Jack he's not used to having a lot
of energy he's used to just being able
to play the three cards that's my guess
I don't know if I'm right or perhaps I
had one energy left used but all my
cards were two energy cards or the only
card left in my hand was a defense and
they weren't attacking so it would have
just been pointless guys there's lots of
reasons thing you missed a strike I
strike you could have my very well might
have yeah absolutely I just pointed out
oh shit you're pointed out point out
every wrong thing you've ever done
because I mean how dare you oh oh yeah
well I know you can even knock one of
them down that's great
you got the reaper hit them all yeah Lee
was gonna hit them all and then go knock
one of them that will probably knockdown
you why because you're about to attack
me so fuck you you could have stopped
the one from getting stronger or just
perfect the right choice oh no easy easy
peasy easy peasy
just knock another one down you know
yeah you're not the one that's gonna hit
him throw down and throw up five shield
oh yeah I guess your code is he's gonna
take three here he's busy he's oh he's
busy can't use my flame I probably
should have drawn that one out first but
oh well no I was fine
block the motherfucker all right hello
I'm Paige I'm strike okay so I can kill
one with one strike I can kill two yeah
nice and then rampage one of them so
that one gains or defend we'll see how
we feel
so you get killed you get killed or you
could defend from that twelve
that's that might be good yeah cuz
that's only gonna do four damage but it
does increase everything but I can't
imagine the the battle will last them
right yeah yeah Jack remember to buy
eggs thank you
that's more important later that's fine
you bash them you'll be fine
everything's fine fine five o'clock oh I
guess this won't even matter because
he's not attacking but now this next
time if we can do just right that's fine
all right that's fine you got it
you've got it you can knock him down at
the very least yeah I know you want to
use that reap I do but it would just
won't do anything you'll do more damage
to you than you get back well you can
use it after that yeah cuz you have for
energy totally you could totally hit him
with Reaper now or I could kill him well
use Reaper now get a little bit of
health back and then next turn kill him
he'll be down and we can either way he's
falling yeah
yeah
what we got here feel no payment of her
card is exhausted game six block I only
have one exhaust oh that could work
great with that exhaust all mount attack
cards came seven block exhaust a random
card to him no I don't want any of those
I only have one card that exhausts
another card so that's not very helpful
- fucking snake oh they'll get to
subnautica soon enough I guess alright
alright I'm officially sick of hearing
about it yeah why what what so me on
subnautica sell me on it why will we
love or hate this game enough to make it
something you need to save what's the
big deal
okay so chat by the way before we get to
subnautica yeah I have one energy left
and I could use burning packed a defense
or a stroganoff right I don't want to
draw any more cards because I there's
good cards in here that I don't want to
waste on this turn I'm not using
Banerjee defending won't really do
anything because he's not attacking uh
and so that's why I'm leaving one energy
here okay just a heads up just people
were asking before I did use my artifact
potion because he's about to confuse me
but haha I am NOT confused snake oh fuck
off I think they think I will like
subnautica because I have an aquarium
like the fish yeah no I mean I don't get
a game though I have I have my fish my
fish I have my fish
let's multiply multiply how much you
like fish buy minecraft give Guppies no
all of our multiplication hey wait what
okapis reproduce like crazy I was told
when I got the Guppies that they they
eat their own young and most of them
won't survive we had somebody fucking
copies so many fucking Guppies another
wild strike so when I found out their
their their nickname that people call
Guppies million fish because they keep
they keep reproducing like crazy so rich
they only so male Guppies in the store
I'm not the fish store I went to they
got a fancy fish store up here somewhere
and I wanted the fancy fish store right
like oh there's females they got a neat
yellowtail I went with another strike
because it'll make my strike card and
they're powerful
mm-hm oh shit the book do I want the
book I can deal with the book we have
them separated now yes
well yeah they still spat out some after
they were separated there's some sperm
left in there I guess
I guess that's fine I got a different
book last time I think with this one you
get one of three random books okay at
the start of each combat add a random
power card to your hand it cost zero
until the end of the turn yeah you might
do some good
oh wait wait wait what did you what did
you present no I didn't pass on it
that's the that's the relic I got at the
start of each combat add a random power
card to your hand it costs zero until
the end of turn oh that's different than
the book I got yeah you get one of three
random books
oh okay do the book thing and I thought
I could do the book thing I'm like I
don't really regret it the the other one
yeah would like double up your Reaper
like the first card that costs two or
more you use will get used twice yeah
the other book you get a Necronomicon -
that's a that's a good one i i've gotten
some full heals with that like i said i
have completely changed but two non
Reaper as i di know the other day Chad I
know I was like just for health hahaha
yeah I learned better
I learned better
two potions
Smith what do we want to miss we want to
be stronger we want to be stronger
because then when I use my Reaper I get
more health back motherfucker that's
fine that's fine
oh okay that's actually super helpful
because I have wounds in my shit oh
hello to hate damage to all enemies heal
for any I'm blocked oh fuck I'm gonna be
fully healed at all at the start of this
that's fine that's fine that's fine
Debbie's reproduced so prolifically that
females have evolved to eat their own
young to avoid oh population which mine
did mine did not she we we brought so
many Guppies to the fish store I'm sure
I'm sure they became feeder fish but
what what can you do man no absolutely
fucking nothing nothing
but do I want that's what I want to do
and that's what I have to do
flush them down the toilet they'd be a
waste
are they good pets otherwise
oh yeah companies are great fish
peaceful they flutter around
I love the Guppies just don't keep males
and females together they're fairly easy
to tell apart females usually a bit
plainer males have the bigger flashy er
tails
how big is my fish tank actually have
two we got a 15 gallon and a 10 the 15
gallon is is is Karen's I was a
Christmas present and it's all it's all
Glo fished out glofish glow fish okay
this is the thing you don't know about
glow fish
yeah I don't I'm not shocked you don't
know but I'm just my intro to explaining
it right I don't know about goldfish
they've genetically engineered dark
light fish alright so under a dark light
they're fluorescent orange green purple
yeah this is a dark light in there and
she's got some dark light decorations
cool cool and also a beta was very happy
not to be in a small little tub I'll and
the female guppies after we separated
them well yeah yeah
turns got the rest of the Guppies and
some Deion's shrimp
well it's not it's not really a black
line but like blue LED thing it's a
similar effect to a black light but I
don't think it's actually a black light
yes
which your suspect feels tried to eat
their young but in a big big enough tank
the frying can hide until they don't
look like food to the mother um that's
entirely possible that that tank was
planted and sort of a lot of hiding
spaces
yes yes that's what we want yes yes and
it's upgraded automatically
right great it's great it's great
everything's great everything's great
we're doing great I feel great about
what we're doing how we're doing flame
barrier is a gross card jack is a gross
car I'm just reading the thing flame
barrier is you get 12 block and then
anyone who attacks you this turn gets
some attack back on them it's like it's
like the spikes thing okay but only it's
a it only does one turn oh so I'm just a
free power every turn which is nice
what's the juggernaut do again that's
when you get blocked to attack ever it's
every time you you get block of you
attack which is fine
I'm not necessarily worried about it now
no no no I have a second I was thinking
was the opposite one where you do attack
you can block yeah let's take care of
you as much as we can I really should
have used bash first but fuck it
and
that way here about to do some negative
effects so I got the potion like to get
back in the fish ownership if I can do
so ethically and not in a stinky way
that hurts the poor fishies make sure
your tanks cycled before you put fish in
them cycled the nitrogen cycle Jack hmm
you know fish pee in the water and
that's bad for the fish sure sure you
know a lot of it they live in you need a
proper filtration system well it's not
the filtration it doesn't do what you
think okay
filter the filter and a fish tank it
just grows bacteria the bacteria eats
the pee makes something called nitrite
okay there's a different type of
bacteria that you also need to grow that
eats the nitrite and turns it into
something called nitrate which is far
less harmful okay and then you either do
water changes every now and then or well
you should do water changes every now
and then but I believe you have a
planted tank the plants feed off of some
of that too okay interesting yeah don't
ever buy tanks less than 10 gallons it's
humane even for the small fishers
I could see that
so what you need to do before before you
don't don't just buy a fish tank put
water in it dad put the filter in and
that we get fish you don't do that okay
you want to establish the bacteria first
and a whole bunch of different advice
she could find online how to do this but
basically you you buy ammonia that's
right kind of ammonia I don't think you
wanna get something that's that
chemically treated for this or that this
is certain type of low you get and you
put so much ammonia relative to how many
gallons your tank is every day and then
you monitor the ammonia to see if the
ammonia is going because the ammonia is
gonna start going down and then the
nitrites are gonna start going up so
yeah it's a test for both of these
things sounds great and once you get to
the point where even though you're
adding in the ammonia you test the water
and the ammonia comes out to zero with
the nitrite zero mm-hmm then you're
ready to put fish in the tank I can't I
can't do justice to explaining how you
do this right now
no it sounds great read up on it it's
the whole thing sounds great
establishing a cycle is a whole thing
and you'll find people with different
opinions on how to do it
I've heard some people just throw a raw
shrimp into the filter I do fish tank
they wait a month
Ahmed's rots and the bacteria grows that
way but I understand it smells horrible
well it could only imagine I can only
imagine you had a goldfish once yeah you
don't want to keep a goldfish with other
fish go other tropical fish goldfish
make a lot of waste
goldfish are pee machines PE Sheen's
goldfish will eat up your bio load
that's how many fish you can safely put
in the tank basically you can have one
goldfish or like ten of other things
yeah if I ever been to the Shedd
Aquarium in Chicago yeah it's nice yeah
shit square is really nice it's a great
aquarium which do you have snails
yes actually have pests snails they got
they got smuggled in on the plants which
I understand is quite common with a
planted tank mm-hmm goodbye a plant
that's got snail eggs on it somewhere
mm-hmm so I got I have more snails than
I'd like
so I've got a different type of snail
called an assassin snail and they eat
other snails nice there's this whole
little ecosystem going on in my fish
tank that's what we want limit break and
we want flex all right we got we got and
I know wild strike is here but I already
have wild strikes and we need to limit
break and we need that I could buy wild
strike two
if we're going crazy with it
do we want to go crazy with it rich
which another wild strike which will add
another at yeah sure
damage bonus to my your deck is your
deck is really I'm not saying this is a
bad thing I'm just pointing out that is
really huge it's a really huge jack like
I said I won with 28 cards ya know I'm
like I could also you know like I have
enough money I could get rid of
something that I don't use often because
part of my deck is cycling through stuff
like I'll tell you what I kind of want
to get rid of is juggernaut I never use
it I hate it yeah and it's just it's
wasting space I I experimented with that
last time yeah I didn't like it I think
I ended up getting rid of it I might get
rid of so I might get rid of it because
I'm here I'm gonna do it actually we're
gonna do it I got rid of it I hate it I
never use it wastes fucking space now
you've got to win with a huge deck knob
just to prove everyone wrong
you have to you're obligated now to win
with the huge deck what do you have
that's giving you somebody cards and
your first time
the bank of preparation there's only two
extra Li you've got like fucking ten
cards there eight you have eight cards
oh well I get two extra from Bank of
preparation and one extra from the book
that gives you the power that cause zero
all right okay here we go that won't
kill you that won't kill you but I can
take you I want to do that where do I
want to concentrate on what sort it's
over there
thirty-three
plus 17 plus 12 I think my tips aren't
loading rent War II that's 1562 damage
or I could do 62 damage to her rich I
what's going on
kill the thing or kill her do a lot of
damage to her
yeah or actually I could do both I have
a poet I have a potion here I can do 20
damage so if I just hit him once this is
flying bonus have his flying defences at
reduced damage from the e the potion I
believe that's only attack damage as it
says here okay reduces attack damage so
I could hit her for 33 Oh
hit her for 17 hit hey oh no no no I
couldn't do well how does it work having
how does 17 work does that have assume
the worst
I don't know I don't know if it airs on
your side or the the weak side I'm not
sure but assume the worst
dammit well then then it would only do 8
damage to him and my potion wouldn't
work but then I could just hit him once
next turn the same rounds down it rounds
down yeah so then I'm only doing fire
does not reduce potion damage so okay
you have anything else it'll cheat it
for him or okay so 33 plus 17 is 50 plus
12 is 62 plus 20 is 72 well you know I
can get hurt reasonable amount down
oh wait no and I have combusts so it can
work okay okay
so her
you ain't do eat him then her then throw
the potion at him and now he's gonna die
and I'm still gonna get hit for 10 but
that's fine you can deal with that great
all right fish tank talk is more boring
than camera time I'm sorry
damn maybe we should talk about how solo
will will would no I won't be doing
right now cuz you can hear about the
fish tank and suffer that's very fair
yeah which is interested in the fish
tank right now
let's talk about using your camera to
film your fish tank it's really hard to
keep them in focus they move around a
lot yeah Oh motherfucker and the small
Oh with that what at home I forgot
that's the the one downside to it
something like this that gives you a
random card yeah is you always forget
you have it as I've been doing okay it's
okay it's fine I'm doing fine
everything's fine Jack keeps forgetting
to play bash first that's easy to do
mm-hmm I have a magnet thingy to clean
the glass yes I do
so you clean the algae off the side of
the tank Jack you got a brush it's just
two magnets and the one stays in the
outside it slides it around on the
inside because it's a magnet sure that
way you don't have to get your hands
always yeah invented by Don Wilson
enterprises as a magnetron magnetrons
yeah I like it I like it
a fishtank brush it's also a magnet
we're going to put magnets of their fish
tank they absolutely are done they
absolutely are
she could have used jacks this time
oh you I what do we got here
oh sure sure
Don Wilson versus mr. Plunkett who would
win and they both fall over and break
their hips
I don't think it's fair if mr. plank
gets to use his wheelchair oh wait wait
wait no I can't try anymore oh fuck oh I
know yeah I got them what he called the
one that lets you draw three cards but
then you can't draw any more cards oh
yeah
which gave me the other end of my draw
more cards and game more stuff I could
still gain more I could still gain you
you you could just so you could use a
shitload of attack plus you got that
flex but I want but really all that does
is give me the two that it well it gives
me one extra one from spending this then
I get one extra back it's in that game
no no I get one more actually net game a
net via net game you're right right I
was not listening it's fine I was not
listening to what you were saying I've
been there done that drink and it's only
fair then we are going to oh yeah I have
flex I can put flex back in alright
great that's great that's flex back you
can't draw any more cards
those are 12 damage just nine so I
probably want to do this and then just
block a little bit extra
go not bad not bad
goddamnit there we go flexing Reaper get
a little bit of that back
probably should have bashed him first
this son of a bitch actually no I
shouldn't have asked him first for that
one because Reaper only gives you health
back for unblock damage okay and he put
a block on him we work tactically
thinking about that's exactly what I was
doing tactically I was tactically
thinking about that there we go
can you make a big bong out of a fish
tank man look potheads I have learned
can make bongs out of anything you don't
don't have fish in your fish tank if
you're gonna use it as a bong because I
don't know if you've ever seen bong
water after you used it but it's gross
as fuck but yes some mellow fish I think
the the best bong made out of something
else that I've ever seen is the a toilet
bong I went to a party once and people
purchased a cheap toilet a new toilet
you use toilet and used the the tank as
the weed holder and you know the bowl or
no sorry the the bowl as the bowl and
the tank is the weed holder and then a
blow torch to light the pot equivalent
of like you know hackers putting doom on
an ATM machine yes like what as they can
what can you make a bong out
that's the question he rich this is
world 2 right I probably need to heal
them absolutely what can you make a bong
out of
ATM machine yes somebody hacked an ATM
machine to play doom they have hacked a
sonogram machine like what they use did
the unpregnant woman to see the baby
they were playing doom on that I'm like
the the similar one of the MacBooks got
like a little screen across the keyboard
that displays information somebody was
playing doom on the keyboard for a
MacBook I've seen somebody hack doom and
do a printer because the printer had a
little screen on the side you could play
doom on the printer they've hacked doom
into a refrigerator that might be the
best one that's a good one
goddamn minions it's it's a thing you
can look it up it's like a competition
to find the most absurd thing you can
run doom on
chemically Dumon anything doesn't it
stop being impressive
no because it's impressive that you can
play Doom and anything right now I'm
saving it so I have this potion that
gives me two energy which means I could
use Reaper and deal 11 damage to all
enemies and heal for unblocked damage
but that will actually heal me for 33
and so on that's I'm only missing 13
health and so I feel like that's
wasteful mm-hmm and I want to wait for
that to come back around even though I
know that's a gamble
okay Reaper yeah if you're gaining if
you're gaining strength
that's know not can you string help
anyway I think well I could I have a
potion you don't need it yet no that's
what I'm saying that's all what I'm
saying cuz I know someone's about to say
that you have a potion you can use your
Reaper and just don't worry about them
you do you you don't worry about them
bastards took my shit
and they stole your Reaper oh no I have
another one I have another one
well no cuz then they have another one
but sure you could kill that guy I'm
good
reaper back in your hand anytime you
really need it but then you'd be killing
them but you need not go you're all
right exactly there's countless pluses
and cons to that yeah but you do have
that other one which is yes and I'm
actually going to bring it back into my
hand
or put it into my drop and your drop
alright five damage to all enemies up
front like them how desperate are you
right now
not very I could also bring flecks into
the bay into the battle back into the
battle may be sent now dude did you do
or or just battle trance and just deal
more cards and cycle through them which
is always nice well maybe I want flame
barrier back in the mix for next round
because they're gonna hit me for an
indexer and I'm sure if you play this
game you know what's going on you don't
play this game and you're just
scratching your head right now
right and that's fair that's fair
what else can we say besides it's
fucking worth it
fine
define jag or kill the minion or make
him vulnerable for next no cuz he's got
to think so I'm just gonna kill the
minion and get my card back even though
it won't really help what car does he
have car does he up he has burning packs
which won't help me at all so then it'd
be smarter to hit this guy because the
other the other Reapers and okay coming
up okay okay let's go let's do this
Reaper time the Zelda a system seller
yes yes representing
under percentage
nice
parrot draw two cards okay oh fuck yeah
boom there you go oh and I get the other
Reaper back I could use it again but it
won't matter that would be extremely
stupid oh oh I killed the guy I killed
the other guy never mind never mind I'm
fine everything's fine everything's fine
we're doing great everybody we're doing
fucking great
you see Beltran see what you hit yes I
could just strike that's crappy cards
you don't have to deal with next turn
that's true that's true that's why I'm
striking get some wounds once
give it get rid of a wound all right
just get rid of a ward
all right don't wanna hit him you can't
do anything right now well I have this
Oh gives me two energies which means I
could hit him for 24 more but I want to
save that for like twin you kept saying
good Rome
good round job I'm having I'm feeling
good that Reaper man that fucking Reaper
as long as you have as long as you have
the strength booze I am so sorry I
steered you wrong last time I am so
apologetic towards my dismissiveness
towards reboot mm-hmm as you should be
as you should be you know you know
you're probably gonna need it next turn
he's gonna hit you for 51 right I think
I where's my other Reaper use it fades
the exhaustion oh shit then you're right
okay so then we want
everybody
/
and we'll just try to defend as much as
we can here because that's what's
happening and 13 is greater than 12
great-great-great-great-great and I'm
for doing great we're doing great
great okay so obviously Reaper a little
bit back
this guy and this guy he's not gonna
know so doesn't matter
denne denne denne denne denne
don't forget your bash if you're gonna
use your bash I'm just reminding you you
have it flame area 16:06 teen block and
then Hill and then I'll do six damage
I'll do nine damage to him twice so
that'll be nice actually
okay so actually I'm probably not gonna
use flame barrier or not use bash we are
gonna flex let's see what Palmer strike
gets us cuz I can use that
or bashes 16 plus 24 is 40 but add 12 is
50 oh no but he won't become vulnerable
because he has a gear never mind never
mind never mind but you know we are
gonna do you're doing a jack doing it
you're doing it Jack doing it
that was only world to man that was only
world - I know it gets intense Edo kendo
says oh there any shows you watch but
you only care about one character for me
11 in stranger things and Bernard and
Westworld
are the only characters from those shows
that I tuned in for well I probably
wouldn't have why I didn't hate the
other characters on the show I like the
other characters in the show but I would
not watch house if house weren't in
house but ready for the big one yeah
Woodhouse be house without all the other
people he plays off you have to go you
know you have to go to something like a
time tracks where just one guy and a
different adventure in a different
location every episode time tracks
renegade old old shows but an action
hero who goes around a night writer
no no then again cuz the car first of
all kids great I was you know I was
about to say quantum leap but fucking I
was great too so that goes out there
lotta bleep sucks well right now I don't
know I mean samples are great I and I
disagree with you about stranger things
and yeah stranger things is a great cast
and Westworld where it's like I like the
whole cast but they only like 11 and
that's fine that's their opinion
absolutely we're entitled to it all
right I'm gonna can't tell them though
you have to like oh the characters no I
like Metal Gear Solid that means you
have like Metal Gear Solid the story
rich they don't they don't like hopper
and and and and what's the fucking name
fucking Winona Ryder that's fine it's
fine
elf that's not a bad answer to that
question but the question is do you even
like elf elf mm-hmm
hopper is the best character I'm gonna
say 11 is the best character
I'm stranger things 11 steals the show
hoppers great hoppers great okay how do
we want to you know like so character
right like 11 is the best gimmick of the
show gimmick and you people really
didn't like episode 7 I loved it you
know I'm you know what I loved it
because it was so silly I 11 doesn't
necessarily at least in season 1
yeah she doesn't necessary doesn't
necessarily have that character growth
that hopper does kind of season so how
does hopper grow
they're both great everyone's great okay
Ranger thinks is great I don't even know
like I don't even know why I'm trying to
pull an argument out here
he gets over his daughter stuff alright
alright I'll buy that I'll buy that buy
that for a dollar yeah alright here we
go
hopper didn't punch anyone this season
so that's some growth arguably it's it's
for the worse
quite frankly I like it when hopper
punches people no it's nice
come on Steve Harrington is that us
Steve had a great season season two who
actually made me like Steve fucking hell
man
season two steve is the best I mean even
season 1 Steve like is pretty good he's
fun he's he's a fun character and like
even all the kids they got their things
everybody's got two things steven season
one i know it was great that you know
they didn't they subvert up your
expectations and he wasn't the full-out
villain yeah
then he was redeemable I was fine but I
didn't actually like Steve until season
two sure
oh no I'm doing damn it oh wait no I
have someone saying the Limit Break I so
here's the question so I used flex yeah
which obviously gives me plus to attack
so I could Limit Break get four then go
back down to you know just having +2
attack but I also have the thing that
raises my attack by 3 which means if I
you wouldn't wouldn't it be great if you
can use Oh as your your Limit Break not
upgraded oh right I need to get to a
fire and upgrade my Limit Break but I
have such a big deck it'll never come
around it'll never come around again so
you're right I was just you know that's
final fantasy something's name the same
name that means they're identical
I guess Final Fantasy has a limit break
they do it
I know that I know that thing I know
that thing you talked about tell us more
about your huge deck look it's working
for him or win it man the strategies
might be different different than yours
he's not dead I ain't dead mother
trucker I'm actually this is like I'm
experimenting with a big deck here like
I normally never go big dad I never go
big deck you don't it'd be fun a lot of
metallized and dual wield just keep just
keep multiplying those mentalize you
could free shield every turn that'll be
a fun deck I've had I've had really foul
your bitch and Jack beat that he's got
79 of 80 health his big duck is working
for him down motherfucker
I did like I
I had a a real shield heavy deck I had a
great shield heavy deck where I had
barrier I had the big shield card and
then I had a couple upgraded bodyslams
which you know is our zero cost but to
attack based on your shield I was
fucking rocking it until I didn't you
weren't thank you
if the enemy is Velma Rogaine one energy
and draw one card and I have it that'll
work with Bosch you don't have that many
strengths college I know no I don't have
that many strength coat so this yeah
it's good it's one of my favorite cards
in the game but you don't have the
strength backing it up no at at max if I
if I get flex strength Limit Break I can
get to ten straight now that's not worth
it is not worth it loses too sure ask
well who you got is the boss for this
floor oh I don't know I didn't even
check on the map screen yeah The
Forgotten way to set the the awoken
water I think yeah yeah
ah oh wait right Cardon he has that
feather probably 30 cards by the time he
hits a campfire that's three HP for five
cards 18 HP without resting exactly
which is why I chose the feather I have
a big deck so even just going into a
fire yeah I heal which means I can
upgrade every other card when I'm in the
fire
yeah yeah which is why I like I'm really
thinking about what card I want here
because I don't think I want any of
these cars and disarms not the worst it
exhausts right and but I mean you know
makes them weaker permanently yeah but I
mean it's only two fucking who cares all
right fuck it man what do you got for me
shopkeep purity purity shoes an
exhaustive two three cards in your hand
it could be nice what are you next to
curses you obtained our nodes that means
I could go for every question mark and
just you know rank you know kind of like
that and five-block upgrade a card in
your hand well everything else is gonna
be upgraded already any card any attack
card I gained is automatically upgraded
because of this molten egg I have
evolved there's nothing to be sneezed at
though with you
the downside of your big deck which is
working for you is that it's not likely
to come up early right yeah I thought I
had wounds already oh yeah well oh but
but I start the combat with two wounds
in my draw pile like if so if I get
evolved yeah would help we've really
burned through saying it needs to be
evil it needs to be upgraded before it's
great though yeah if you wanted to draw
two cards for wound yeah but I but I can
upgrade it I know I'm just where we're
we're listing out your options then you
choose then you choose
this might be the safe bet which means I
can hit up a question mark and not worry
about being cursed okay and then that
means I don't have to deal with so many
combats here's the thing yeah look your
big deck
how often of your cursed card is gonna
come up even if you do get cursed all
right
I don't I personally think that's a
waste of money all right well then we're
gonna go evolve because there's a fire
coming up okay do I want to remove a
card your call I never use my defenses I
think you read them just get rid of them
fuck everyone absolutely no we're gonna
slim down a little bit here
well you just gained two cards feed you
just maintain your weight really I just
maintain you kind of you know what
you're bulimic you ate a whole bunch and
then you just threw up right fucking
right okay
one HP draw card yes
don't want to want that backseat gaming
jac was that was that was that backseat
gaming no you were helping me strategy
okay okay I asked I asked for your help
rich is helping
and it gets a feed uh-oh I think I can
yes and feed pays off just game max for
HP I was really hoping that would this
mean we know about into the breach yes
actually I don't know anything about the
game I'll be honest with you besides
that it's made by it's good rich strike
that'll I'll do some good
let's battle
like put your shield up first
that one enemy the one on the right you
get hit just for attacking them nice
you're gonna give me the most shield
rugged off even though I can't draw any
more cards and if we do 35 damage to the
exploder then Reaper each of you Oh
not enough energy that's fine that's
fine I can always do this great that's
the right call great great great which
is Jack's guy in the chair yeah yeah
he's my donkey man turned up dead
listen generator on the third floor if
you can knock that out take the power
grid down there's a nine God's I'm super
three wood hallway one right
I could be wrong about the doom
refrigerator but I remember hearing
about it
oh yeah no doom is on everything
everything yes doom is on fucking
everything
yes yes all the cards give me all the
cards up to the metal gear survived
computer voice use your card to do
damages upon the enemy you do it no that
sounds great
we're going to draw this dialogue out
to doom fans and code monkeys seem like
a lot of overlap well doom
yeah always always embraced hackers and
modding me hmm
John John Carmack was the you can't own
code man source codes free we're letting
it go man
man another flex another flex that could
help you going big man we're going
fucking big it was might die it's gonna
be great it's gonna be fucking great
I'll get a free evolve so I'll take it
presumably you get three cards if you
use the other one you have I don't know
that it's worth it wait we can we can be
smart we can use bash first then Reaper
yeah yeah yeah
I hate this guy yeah he sucks
but that's fine we're gonna we're gonna
everything's gonna be fine
right
that's great we're gonna be everything's
gonna be fine I understand I understand
jack is looking pretty sleepy I'm not
sure if he'll make it I'm crazy awake
right now
I'm feeling great I'm feeling really
strong like with this big a deck though
it is a giant gamble of whether or not
we're gonna make it all away I know
yes
yes great just setting up sign up some
peace I understand
setting up some pieces now he's gonna
start doing real damage and that sucks
button
and why not that little bit of block
needs a fiend fire fiend fire would go
great with jak-stat yes mm-hmm mm-hmm
agreed Jack lost half his cards oh well
right everybody pray for fiend fire
thoughts and prayers lots of prayers the
prayers y'all that'll do the trick
it's work zero times now not some
prayers y'all now we're doing great
we're doing great
oh fuck
that's okay that's okay that's okay
yes well yeah I know I'm just yeah I'm
just looking man I get it yeah no we got
a defense all the way up that's great
and then seven seven yeah fucking love
it
okay we'll get hit before I'll take four
goodbye everybody
that's all that's all that's all look at
sudden wasn't I in touch for more
dexterity it's just all your health is
all literally all of my own okay okay
there we go
just every single last drop of my help
it's fine by gosh dang it
do you know the Reaper in your deck no I
only have two and I used them already
okay what I got it eighteen sixteen
fifteen and we'll be close use the draw
one first you might get something
amazing oh but I can place one in my
discard pile first and then draw one oh
no you see yeah you're smart jackass
yes you're big smarty smart smart all of
a sudden when you got a dis damage
because look what he's at 24 yeah yeah
so I can yeah I can gain max health okay
cuz this will do it no wait wait is that
too much
yeah it's 24 is this too much that's 22
oh wait we all fuck what's wrong
my god is wrong so no it's fine
everything's fine
oh wait no no this is fine that's fine
yeah this is what this is what I want to
do sorry I I get it no oh great I I did
it wrong in my head and everything's
fine and everything's fine
oh my god another perfected strike yes
yes all I have to do if I can make it
through this guy everything's fucked
fucked okay
please drink Thanks Oh everything is so
fucked
you got your flex got my flex dude
definitely gonna do this okay
before I doing a damage well hey let's
draw a card to see what I get almost
right
through one of the fence we want to
defend wait wait wait wait wait wait
do you have enough damage to kill one of
those guys is gonna do 9 no you don't
know 24 okay okay I want to defend and
then I want a rampage I think he puts
shit cards in my hand
don't will he do it
I don't can he do it I don't know I
don't know if I'm built for multiple
enemies I don't know if what I'm owed oh
actually no multiple enemies are great
multiple enemies are great if I can yeah
you got to land it
you got to land it first wait wait wait
cards do you okay that's what I needed
that's what I needed Reaper Reaper man
fucking Reaper
fucking Reaper man but now I can't use
my little put up well no you're you
you're Reapers what you do
yeah Reapers definitely shield first cuz
they're gonna remember oh remember
everybody okay first thank you
we're doing great guys definitely don't
need to use it no no no that's fine
we'll do this and then there's a to
strike so well you can kill the one in
the end nice and then another 11 damage
who do we hate probably I think
no because you keep adding the one well
your digital like he keeps adding
explosive damage so like I know I'm
gonna do he's gonna do five no matter
what he does gonna do more and more so I
wanted to explode er okay I mean no I
wouldn't kill any of them no matter what
but
okay okay okay okay
doing great doing great five-block
remember to use bash first remember to
use bash first no matter what flexing
then we will bash
headbutt I'll kill him cut us a block
first put up some block first and then
head button he's gonna it's gonna hurt
yeah it's gonna hurt yeah it is but then
I get to it's something oh then I could
Reaper again there's only two of them
but it's a little bit of help and it
hurts both of them that's a good thing
is like with multiple enemies there's
there's not more more so we can get some
actual shit back how about some block
how about some block nope no yeah for
days days for days I guess we got a
limit break and let's think about this
he's gonna do seven damage the reapers
doing 15 oh I can get full health again
yeah can you take one of them with you
or I can do 17 - both you don't want to
kill them if you're gonna use the Reaper
on them right
I can kill one of them
you can ended the strong I could well
maybe not
I can do 27 and 46 yes I can okay oh
wait no no no I can I'm sorry 17 to both
no I can only kill one of them in this
turn or oh wait uh no no no yeah I can
only kill one on this turn so I'm just
gonna get health back and then I'll deal
I'll do nine damage plus seven is is 16
but I'm getting thirty help he can't use
the cleave after Reaper because we have
to intervene Lee has to energy to play
with right and I'm not going to back
backseat game here this is all you
weeping I'm reaping I'm still at a game
for help because I was at 63 now I'm at
70s okay so I'm still at a game for
health and feed your ass max health fuck
yeah okay great and strike so we can
kill both of them it's gonna hurt
defend first defends first feed which
one doesn't matter the explodes gonna
give more explodey damage next turn and
no I can come this explodey damage is
that oh so just okay yeah and nice okay
great oh fuck you it's 40 damage I know
I know I know
I don't like any of those
okay but now entering a fire shed
exploded did work on the last kill yes
and her fire I'm already up to health so
I can just worry about smithing what are
we sitting
oh there's smithing Limit Break of
course of course we're smithing Limit
Break that's the only thing that's MIT
let's go we're doing great
not gonna face an elite fuck yeah not
ready for you man Oh remove a card from
my deck
get rid of one of these piddly shields
again don't care about you actually get
rid no don't get rid of strikes strikes
make my strike cards more powerful oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry I must let you
astray huh bro does the spicy
meat-a-ball all right great
now we're doing great and then we go in
here and we heal again and we're almost
at full health at 92 shit fuck yet Limit
Break is amazing I don't I don't think
Jack has quite the deck to take full
advantage of it though but now it's
it'll do something you know it's not
nothing it's not nothing it's not
nothing it's you're gonna be doubling
lower numbers than if you had like a
couple of spot weaknesses in your deck
oh yeah yeah absolutely then then the
Limit Break becomes godlike absolutely
fuck yes this I wish I would have gotten
this earlier but this will still help
instead of adding a car Dudek add to max
okay okay that's great
it's not gonna do me a terrible amount
of good now but a little bit full he'll
do me a little bit of good okay great
great great what we want here what do we
want here what do we want here exhaust
one card draw three cards lose three
strengths that's pretty nice don't shake
leave uh tend to all four multiple
enemies that's not bad right the end
boss you know he's gonna have those two
goons with him yeah yeah what do you do
for strength shake it off somebody's
singing in the chat 11:00 block draw one
card
yeah let's go boy card that's a good
block card
well Andy cycling through it like that's
what I'm worried about it just cycling
through so that'll help me a little bit
of it I mean it's not bad eight block
that's that's not much well be exhausted
and you know they sometimes come up
together or just you know a decent or
block to have you know I'm gonna hit up
a couple more fires so I like I have
room for multiple Jack I so want you to
do this on stream and just shove the
slim deck wisdom just defeated even
though that was my own wisdom the face
of the world right I think this is the
way to go even though that was your own
wisdom so you it'd be just like Planet
of the Apes you you bastards you know
the real irony a Planet of the Apes
you mean the twist at the end no not to
twist the end Charlton Heston's
character yeah you know why he goes into
space for the deep space mission he
hates humanity he doesn't like people
are you and the irony is he ends up
being the guy that's defending people in
that movie
that's the real irony a Planet of the
Apes the guy that humates hates humanity
wants to get away from humanity ends up
being it's the sole defender you know I
guess it's been a lot long enough since
I've seen it where I didn't even think
of it you weren't you were the guy you
hate the big deck you're too slim that
guy and here you are Jack ironically
defending the big deck is true oh hello
free demon form rich oh yeah I mean of
course
does that mean rich will have to defend
humanity in the near future yes if
poetic justice were going to befall me
that would be exactly what happens
just block yeah you just you need to
survive and eventually that demon forms
gonna make all your your cards just
insane yeah exactly
I'm with him
fuck yes so I got I got some madness
cars yeah yeah now rampage costs zero
for the rest of the game and rampage is
the one that adds eight attack to it
every single - uh fuck even though this
is horrible because they're about to
really fuck my shit up
well but I have Reaper so it's okay you
want to hear the crazy the crazy strats
okay give me the crazy you kill them all
with Reaper at the very end if you can
just hold off death right you'll get a
full heal right but uh that way lies
madness mm-hmm sure does man sure
fucking does but there's just nothing
there's nothing I can do to block this
turn anyway you know and I'm not gonna
use Reaper cuz it won't give me the full
benefits right I know I know I have
another Reaper so like ya know it'll
come in handy later I agree he can use
headbutt to bring the creeper back
around that's the point yeah
and here's head button and yeah you have
two of them and here's battle trance
well you don't want the well okay maybe
you do I know
the idea is head but then battle trance
then Reaper okay
if I get two Reapers now I was listen I
was worried about honestly I was
thinking that like I said I don't want a
backseat game no that's fine you're
doing you're doing great you're doing
great
look at that look at that rich okay full
fucking house well good hit the one in
the middle uh yeah just trying to think
if I want to draw a card or wild strike
and get another wound probably draw a
card yeah great that was very cool great
everything's great
put a pick the upgraded way poor he
didn't need it oh did it was it did I
have both Reaper well I wouldn't matter
you didn't need it anyway
look unless something goes horribly
wrong you I just need another attack no
way I can do this with you right you
certainly get one of the two no I can
get both okay I give up you throw it
really really fourteen you need to do 14
17 and 47 I'm fine you got and at full
health you're good great throw first
slay the spire wisdom on its head jack
with this garbage deck that you've
compiled by just throwing every card you
can find into your hand you need to beat
the game okay
two HP reflects I know to 8 feet to 8
feet to HP because the more I heal the
better the better the better alright
alright I'll take the two HP that could
be the oh okay that's fine everything's
fine everything's fine then this break
right away you're not helping Oh
juggernaut zero that's a good price for
juggernaut absolutely I'll take it okay
oh I got flex but flex with Limit Break
oh no I limit break doesn't wear down
anymore yes yes yes yes yes three more
cards let's go let's go let's go you
don't give me anything good oh hello
except for you perfect
flame barrier wood that would protect me
you have a protect you or I could start
doing damage now we got free pummel
story I got a free pommel strike right
so I can do 14 and I you know I want to
use this one because the more you use it
the better it is
did you use the one card that that
prevent you from drawing more I did okay
I did that's how I got pommel strength
there's still no good reason not to use
the pommel strength oh right right it's
a yeah you seem to be the one to use it
on because you're about to be some
negative shit can I kill him no but I
can wreck his day oh wait no I can't
kill him I'm gonna kill you okay okay so
then he can't do whatever negative
effect he was about to do to me I'll get
hit for seven yeah yeah that's the way
to do it that's the way to do it
oh my God look at this fucker with his
fucking shield that's alright you might
be able to kill the other one this term
ya might be able to well oh no I didn't
I mean thirty-eight yeah maybe well use
the flex first ya know but some let's
see what card I draw first okay
I mean what does that card what is all
right use flex and what does perfected
strike do damage wise 40 there's only
two more if you three more with the
right but who knows what I'm gonna get
this again okay I'm thinking long term I
gotta use this now thing long long term
you're better killing one of the two now
that's my thought
but if I do perfected strike four forty
this one plus fifty era
alright press eleven so that'll that'll
do it he's only got yeah it's not a bad
idea and I also have head button so I
can get these back
great great
Bieber's not gonna do me a world of good
because he didn't have enough energy to
use inflame cleave and perfect it he
didn't have enough energy then one of
them directed was too wasn't or miry
yeah perfectly strikers yeah
that's painful this is gonna hurt this
right here I know I know it's gonna hurt
life is that way sometimes life is pain
absolutely
but we're wearing them down oh man did
we win we won see look how oh oh how can
we win with a feed well we can't Oh what
are your you don't have like shield with
us does damage you don't have that act
yeah nope
oh that's too bad well we can still win
that's the important part is we still
win we gotta go you gotta go max HP you
gotta go big yeah fuck yeah I'll remind
Jack about the eggs yeah fuck yeah
remind me about the eggs remind me about
those fucking eggs I'll remind you about
the eggs now so you can forget by the
time you're done fuck yeah but I can
still say I reminded you okay I can get
I can get that for permanent max HP and
kill the Spiker right away
but you could just flat-out oh yeah see
they like perfect atrophied and then I
get for max HP and that killed one of
them before he grows anymore fucking
spike it also killed one of the guys
it's about to do 11 damage to you
straight up with the perfected strike
yeah but I want the feed man want the
feed man all right I want that max HP
okay okay I mean I'm with you I get it
mo came to energy where did I get that
well yeah bring his max HP up but he's
gonna take 22 damage yeah but then I'll
get that back if I get a Reaper alright
max HP the name of the game is max HP no
backseat grocery shopping alright fair
enough fair enough
I'm just trying to think like if I do
eight plus six plus six is twenty
because I have this two extra energy but
that's not gonna even that's not gonna
dances all right great
come on Reaper Reaper one - I don't want
because madness random card cause sirrah
but they could do that to pump out well
I guess it doesn't really want to know
cuz I do I want to do all these I want
to know everything and flame Limit Break
Reaper
yeah but madness could make some things
II know I know it could make Reapers Ely
okay could also pommel strike and I have
these two bones one so I can do it no
matter what okay okay you you won I won
you won I won the game I'm feeling I am
legitimately happy for rather good mmm
I'm feeling that rather good huh that
was great that's great that's exactly
what we wanted I could use it if I
wanted to but it won't it won't do any
damage and won't do me any good it won't
do me any good it's fine this is all
fine I gotta kill this fucker for his
thorns kill me
madness use flex first I don't think it
would turn it to zero because it's
already zero
yep yes yes
oh I could have killed the other one oh
well it doesn't matter doesn't matter oh
no no yep you have your potion I do and
so like I could kill him and and get
your Reaper back
oh now you're talking
the two Reapers you use one I use one oh
okay great great so now I'll get all
that health back and I can kill you
perfect 100% help hundred percent health
rich I end at a hundred percent help
this is unheard of this show this is
Rich's fault they didn't want you to use
the potion they wanted you to save that
potion no but I just won I know it's
always the thing save the potion oh fuck
okay I could get another strike thing
and make my two cuz I have to strike
cards right I have one perfect strike
plus and you have another one too so I
get another strike which would make
those cards even more powerful okay okay
I'm already at a hundred percent health
yeah yeah we're doing it and we're here
at the fire this is great this is
fucking great
this is nuts rich okay this is it my
last call what happens Oh turn a madness
zero that could be good this is the last
thing I could okay I don't even I don't
even know I don't even know you've got a
smorgasbord I think it's this I think
this could be this could be the one you
have to do it now Jack you have to
you've gotten all the way here oh I have
a hundred percent well if I have a
hundred l I feel like I'm gonna pass out
load obsess just got my shipping
confirmation email from the mazing
people so thanks for that
also don't forget to buy your eggs I
think this should hit near the end of
the stream
now I've worked we're caught up so that
was saner right now
then we are near the end of the stream
today Jack taught me it's not about the
size of your deck it's how you use it
and sometimes if you got a big dick that
helps oh man all right let's do this
let's see what we're up against here oh
no not this guy oh I hate him this is
what you got this is what you got you
deal with it unless you have a limit on
the number of cards you the news no I
don't inflame early that's nice
yeah inflame early is nice oh he has the
thing what's his thing
whenever you play power he gains two
strength I should not have played that
oh that was dumb and I have to play this
even though it's gonna make him gain
strength it's fine 42 damage kill one of
these fuckers probably the stronger of
the two even 42 plus 15 yeah yeah yeah
yeah let's do that
let's kill your friends
a Dominion enemy and why not you're not
a minion enemy at all great
the only reason to keep them around is
to make my Reaper more effective but
they're gonna do more damage than my
Reaper can attend repair
if you use that think about using your
disarm first the storms at one time used
to be a waste of that cost zero you're
absolutely right Cleve is now free
that's great
that's it's exactly what you could use
draw two cards make someone vulnerable
that's I'm not gonna backseat gameis I'm
not gonna do it I've already done it a
little bit I've learned out suggestions
I'm not being insistent so this guy has
two forms after I deplete him of 300
health he comes back in a second form
and he sucks this is the one I have not
beat me I can't be Birdman
you got some Reapers in there I know but
I'm down to half health all fucking
ready Limit Break thank you that's what
I needed
that's battle transit oh that's a
perfect time for flame barrier
oh fuck flex yes okay great we're doing
great I'm great
break it
and then just all the defense we can get
our hands on well it kind of damages
pummel start doing the 1919 you know it
would do it would hey I'm gonna do
nineteen plus nine which is you know
that's just it's still too little right
I need to I need to hold out until I can
get a Reaper in my hand
but I just you know I'm gonna come I'm
gonna come out of it with age strength
so that's pretty good pretty handle bad
fuck me so your deck is limit break plus
Reaper with a bunch of other shit thrown
in so you never draw what you want that
wellesley that's the problem
but here's Reaper so this is great you
people are our cruelest fuck man it's
fine it's fine everything's fine
Reaper exhaust so if you built your
whole deck around that that might be a
mistake unless you have the card that
also she can bring it back once like I
don't know I don't know man so we're
gonna Reaper
and some of it back we're gonna headbutt
you and bring back our way weight limit
break right you're right
chat what do you think what should he
bring back what should Jack bring back
think about it don't do this rashly this
is this is the key moment in this battle
right here this is the key moment I had
and remember that I have another
perfected strike waiting which does
amazing insane damage I know I'm seeing
a lot of both I'm seeing a lot of Limit
Breaks
all right I did it I did it I fucking
did it eight block or the draw more
thing the draw more things we draw more
thing I can take 20 - I can take 22 24
oh fuck that's right he does the power
thing fuck oh yes oh yeah yes great
four days all right
and still doing so much fucking damn I
know I know
you got another Reaper in there yeah but
now it's oh well I know with my but you
doubled your strength yeah no it's still
gonna be a good he'll fucking take a
Brogue ah dammit I have to do something
now I have to do something now or I'm
dead
oh I'm so fucking dead it's madness Jack
it's madness
I know okay so we're gonna flex cuz
that's free
huh get off draws a card show get up
draws a card Cleve is free madness makes
something free let's draw a card
okay so 3570 this is a 98 40 damage that
that other defense isn't gonna help lost
I lost
uh well that sucks
I know I know so many wounds those
wounds were drying cards for him yeah
that's how I got all of these cards the
only reason I'm doing any good what any
word of good is because of these runes
Mantle's in madness first what the fuck
right
that's a great run that's a wild ride we
went on
it wouldn't matter - I mean I like I
might have been able to pick up the card
that that gives me a little more block
but it probably wouldn't have done me
much good in the long run because he
does fucking 90 damage I wanted you to
win
I wanted me because you had the big deco
animal it's a good swim so I so wanted
you to win we were doing good I mean I
still think that this game is might be a
little too hard we're getting we're
getting you noticed we're getting to the
final boss now consistently oh and I
have been for a while
I still haven't fucking beat the final
boss except for the once so close
dual-wield plus Reaper plus Limit Break
yeah yeah a dual wield would have been
great in there somewhere
he didn't find dual wield at any point
no during the run no eggs
thank you
London Flynn ski says yeah just free
watch the Emperor's New Groove and I
think it holds up rather well thoughts
never saw it actually sent you a message
a while back about a stream you didn't
upload to YouTube i all of them are
there well they're saying one of the
Colin ones isn't on YouTube and I mean
they're all there you know what it might
be by the way you know what I'm just
thinking about right now some of our
streams get copyright notices yeah and
sometimes a if someone puts a claim on
it
they either monetize it or they can
choose what country it can be seen in
okay and sometimes that mean it can't be
seen in any country so there it might be
a copyright dispute and it's not
viewable in your country if you're in
this country I don't know
don't come there's many there's many
things but the good news tonight the the
victory or sleep stream is still on all
I will say is like I had I had a good
deck and 100
and for health I'm gonna say 104 cards
at the peak there I had a hundred and
four full health and I was taken down in
to turn health isn't everything health
isn't everything it's not everything but
I know that's a lot of help that's a lot
of damage man mm-hmm
I did I the the one thing that really
would have made my deck and really
didn't come up a lot was block cards I
could have used some more defense cards
but hey are you picking many of them
there weren't many that were up there Oh
God
because I mean because I had the strike
thing you got to pick a pick a stratton
go with it I was on the strike path
mm-hmm health fucking helps yeah yeah it
does but that's how I lasted so long was
that Reaper man look one Reapers when
they when they do 40 damage per turn
right I don't know and you can only heal
so many times
all right right health is for the living
block cards show up less often when you
keep picking up more and more attack
ones that true it sounds stupid if
that's true you literally threw one
block Hardaway a thing that did five
block that's nothing oh well you needed
the block cards that added the wounds
yeah that's fine
Andy you're right he would have been
doing less damage if I didn't play those
powers that was my bad I played that one
power that I couldn't even use that was
that was a bad mistake because I wasn't
thinking ahead I'm sorry excellent it's
all right we live to fight another day
it's true
so now is the point of the stream before
everyone leaves by the way one more tip
here to share well before we read that
tip we are not streaming on Wednesday Oh
tweet to remind you both we are not
streaming on Wednesday all right what's
realistic they're just being a dick
great Musker do says so much for big
deck jack just just being a dis rub it
in the loose well I guess that's fair
guess that's fair one more coming in
under the wire
when flows in Siegen says this is the
Isaac stream when you first played this
game on stream in 2014 he played FTL
1,001 spikes you uploaded the J section
but not this part of Isaac and there's a
link leave look at it later are you
talking about a stream we didn't like ya
years ago years ago yeah that's weird I
don't know man Oh we'll have a complete
archive I'll check it out but I yeah I
don't know if we still have it
ok well now is the point of the stream
in which we think all the people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream much like balking barrel Brown
Adam Sandler for 14 months in a row says
heck frauds unite yes
Gino suave for 14 months in a row who
says Amanda hug and kiss
hey hey I'm looking for a man to hug and
kiss is that your mo that's my mo my
most is lack dark wings monk says I'm
deeply sorry that you have to play this
game for any length of time bridge
refrain Metal Gear survival your survive
yeah any expectations for your White Sox
this year I'm a Yankees fan apologies in
advance for that one of the things
living in Milwaukee I I don't get
updated on much White Sox news up here
so I have no idea they go far to kiss
for 15 months in a row who says I just
thought of having rich Evans starring as
mr. Evans in mr. Evans neighborhood and
teaching life lessons you could change
your shoes that's what he did in the
show we change your shoes it's good man
good man that mr. fine man
hammer camp we should know we should all
be so good a kin death the cloud any
matter tape
man that is moose John Elway's teeth for
14 months in a row kick girl v4 22
fucking months in a row go alright rip
League take a brash said six months in a
row that I actually remembered resub
been here a while you guys keep it up
thank you We will miss toots for 14
months in rows guys it's my birthday in
two days I turned 30
yikes that's fine excited excited to
spend many more of my years with you wax
ya 30s 5 what few of them you have left
30 nothing there's nothing nothing like
really changes it they're like as you
get older you know and you hurt
something and then you go to the doctor
and go hey oh yeah my knee hurts doctor
and then the doctor goes yeah doesn't
even till a few years later know it's
like 33 34 then then you start hurting
yourself and there's no way to fix it
it's a little bit later than that yes a
little bit later than that yeah 30 the
only thing that changes when you become
30 is just you know you're an adult then
you just know it you already ordered
those beforehand but when you turn 30
you know you're an adult that's when
kids are like 30 year old damn kids
all those boomers who wanted to die
before they turn 30 they're still wrong
they didn't have the decency to kill
themselves and they turn 30 yeah oh yeah
woo listen to the whoo but you know I
hope I hope I die before I get all right
boo Logan's Run was a lie don't look up
Logan's Run it's actually a good movie
whole organs run is the greatest movie
yeah yeah the greatest that's no it's
that's hyperbole it's a lot of hyperbole
it's a rot very is still a damn good
movie very good movie obese moody's
hunchback jack 33 fucking months in a
row says ablated Chinese New Year to you
and the chat may the year of the dog be
better than the year of the rooster Oh
mango
Kizer hawk the man state may be young
Batman
Birdman the young Bart man no be man 1 3
3 7 black Dynamite's or dine for mites
dynamite says what kind of whatever
pathos ethos ethos pathos ethos is what
I would guess Josh homie is God wickless
for 40 motherfucking months in a row
Zek Shawn dr. Sony is for thirty four
fucking months and roses make a u-turn
if possible
argon seven one three Wilkins the clown
for 37 motherfucking months in a row
this time it's lupus for 28 fucking
months in a row who says it I'm enjoying
this dream while working on my taxes and
I can't find my 1099 a god damn it and
least you're not doing at least okay at
least it's not here's the bright side
yeah
it's not April 14th and you can't find
it 1099 we need to find a way to deduct
$14,000 let's have more kids now source
will vote Jagan's says cleaning the
apartment and listening to the best hack
frauds on the interwebs keep it up guys
urban crisis who says ten months thanks
for the entertainment keep up the great
work
captain president I like that they call
me captain president I I didn't raise
the ranks in the military to become an a
fighter pilot and the President of the
United States it sounds something like
Kelvin and Kelvin Hobbes would have
imagined himself as being this captain
presidents actually if a president
because it's like usually mr. president
but if the President of the United
States
was a former like Air Force pilot would
they be captain presence I think they
would still be mr. president dr.
president would anyone be a doctor
prisoners probably there's probably been
somebody who's been a doctor that's also
been a president right probably happened
and I'm assuming they just called them
mr. president still probably yeah I mean
you're probably right but you know just
trying to because one day I might meet a
president who's also a doctor or captain
and I just want to know the proper
etiquette whereas as uh be thanked of
the exes 12 months in a row this is one
whole year you're at seven I'll be
through me off rights this one whole
year to shame the anniversaries at the
same time that the medical care
franchise dies a brutal terrible death
but at least I can survive it with you
guys ah house actual gonzo the great
says fully gestating Oh cuz Oh in the
thunder guns when one says use this
money to buy rich all the Metal Gear
games just kidding
creo 42 for 38 motherfucking months in a
row
well hisin beard for 41 motherfucking
months in a row Denso washington for 17
months in a row
phalion blood shot says I demand more
Jay Bowman on the stream to play Deadly
Premonition two things that are
definitely happening Hellcat striker you
know nothing of the crunch it's true saw
only soft foods here double d RB Erebus
and aether 421 fucking months in a row a
horrible glory for 39 motherfucking
months in a row
who says what if it's a running gag in
Star Trek discovery that the ship never
gets a new captain they just keep
getting sidetracked by distress signals
it's gonna be Michael snort Oh after the
current captain they're on their way to
get doesn't work out after Spock gets
look looks like a fool because they make
Spock the captain and he does something
stupid and Michael Burnham has to
correct him yeah and then they're gonna
give her the captain's seat no that's
what's gonna happen no that's not gonna
happen because this is their one excuse
to get a new cast member in and by the
way let me tell you spoiler alert for
Star Trek discovery happening now how
pissed are you that alien man doesn't
get to be captain yeah he deserves it he
he handled himself fucking perfectly
under pressure
he knows everyone on that ship he knows
that how that ship runs he fucking went
to another universe and saved everybody
and everybody to grace him the only
character on that on that show yeah that
feels like a proper Starfleet officer
yes yeah and and they're gonna be like
oh you don't get to be captain because
you're a fucking fish man
racist Star Trek I know sorry for
Captain
Saru for captain yeah I always as soon
as they're like we have to go get our
new captain that both Lisa and I were
just like sorry's right there just like
shucks
fucking hell man fucking help
proxy clams school crab for thirty four
fucking months in a roses well well well
if mr. Horlick hasn't lost his razor
ironically the face fuzz makes you look
sharp
Jack's decades I might like my side
hairs a little long I got a I got a big
oh yeah they just shock jock yeah I have
a like the big question is on Wednesday
when we film a thing can I hold out do I
keep it you yeah thank you do you man
doing me but I don't I don't know I
don't know if it'll if I'll keep it
we'll see where are we are to kiss Rex
for 17 months Andros
something-something hack frauds keep up
the great streams yeah
weasel robble gobble warm under punches
80 he's come up with these or Mundell
punches cat fool ooh Brio 23 brown a0
van door person for 13 months in row
says Jessica just got up at 5:00 a.m.
because I need to go on a business trip
but at least I get to watch my favorite
hack frogs while pecking good start into
the week where are you that it's 5 a.m.
don't know fucking Europe or some shit
space aliens super cocaine for twenty
two fucking months in a row says brung
my bore PO spunked indeed we don't rope
for 43 motherfucking months in a row so
thanks for the advice I'm starting a
fish tank rich Jack don't forget to buy
eggs my eggs thanks for the stream I'm
go I'm going right for eggs you guys
don't do don't you fucking worry rhythm
gardener Jack don't forget to buy your
eggs I love you guys thank you I would I
would totally forget yeah I know that's
why I like everyone reminds me you guys
are great guys great thanks you monster
for 35 fucking month siderosis Jack that
was an incredible playthrough I'll be
there rooting for you next time
ah yeah I got just as far as he did you
didn't have the emotional roller coaster
that's true that's true
we were we were you know there were ops
there were downs there was a question of
whether or not we would even make it
past the second but you would say oh
yeah I'm doing fine like you had you had
a good run
we weren't emotionally invested in your
room where we uh phrasing or our a face
or a phase you're right
abominable Scotsman
and you know what I'm gonna say properly
because I kind of said half ass last
time we didn't know who's gonna say it
or a phase bobble Scotsman says however
can I offer you an egg in this trying
time gentlemen bears says really when
you think about it Batman was just a
rich kid living in his parents basement
yeah exactly true Lando Calrissian and
Kidd Maximilian
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it even kid Maxum mum because
that's how that is properly said goodbye
looks like Maximilian
