Jan 26, 2018
Dead Rising 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/223514288
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH9W-GLtNXg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/957015344295669761

Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys
Oh slightly you can't hide behind that
good that's it buddy you've got a little
monster breathing hard grab this before
I forgot about that
my plate last time
now
you'll be able to put his sorry creator
of a breath into the truck
no problem perfect see that's a big WOW
I don't teach that pitiful goop sack to
slime
paving and by extension II perhaps the
place sitting disturbed still pretty
much ready full go for the Rodriguez
blowout ballroom
did you see the reveal Cooper Jason and
the Jason X map for 5:15 no I did not
seems to be your problem thanks to me I
figure they're gonna pull that out of
there but sooner or later recruit here
the festivities can now proceed in an
entirely ghost-free environment so
you're welcome and to the Rodriguez hola
hi I'm from the ghost busters nice of
you guys to join us you grab the little
spud ray we need to have a heart to blob
talk with this health robots are a bit
of a disappointment kidding that's under
mark that's that's exactly what I was
expecting for their single-player
content play look let the nice thing
about the Friday the 13th single-player
BOTS as dumb as they may be is just
getting to do the fun Jason kills and
that's that's fine that's what I expect
nice screaming
look at that trap lousy ghosts
yes
all right again when I was younger
thank Minh used to be my favorite but
now that I'm older
like like rainy gone more
why try it again
that wasn't such a sure now was it nice
no he's a straight man but I love
Winston so much I'm not all alike and
Winston I never said I disliked
Winston's character no need to worry sir
as you know the mayor Road to office on
a strictly Pro Ghostbusters platform we
now invoice the city directly for all
captures and eliminations and unhaunted
New York is a tourist friendly New York
no but damage the mayor in the city have
taken out an extensive insurance policy
as well so you're covered honestly I'm
sensing some hostility here perhaps we
should just leave the ghost here
that's where you would prefer sir fill
this game one does a great deal of
camaraderie count discrete god this
Russian is our prefer loitering that the
cartoon crater would Slimer is a friend
and Ally ah I suppose we should go after
him unless you want to discuss it first
Slimer was was on the and the cartoons
I'm it was on the border of being an
entertainer German on the border
certainly by the time they did the
Slimer cartoon-like on his own he was he
was in full scrappydew territory the
Slimer solo adventures
registered you see the new design of the
millennium why do you care about this
stupid movie
yeah they redesigned the Falcon so they
could sell the toys or maybe they just
felt like doing it it doesn't really
matter
what if we did I know I'm spoke I know
I'm supposed to go the other I just
don't forget about this thing
this section here is actually probably a
pretty decent candidate for me dying if
I died this early I'll probably just
restart
these guys knocked me down there's none
of the other ghostbusters around to pick
me up
let's do some upgrading
shit
what
I think I survived where's jack he went
to do holiday stuff he may never return
he'll be back
I didn't - masseter wish I wish the
Dodge were a bit more responsive than
this I had a complaint that would be
Eddie
good work you all did enrich finish this
game earlier but now I'm trying to do it
without dying might really be the right
person for this job yes you have
destroyed a significant section of a
five-star New York hotel in just under
three hours your mother and I are so
proud play Gears of War it's like this
but better controls and no jokes well it
it doesn't have better controls because
you can't play it with a mouse
some type of lighting focused at the
market animator to be what you familiar
objects which selfless and materially
manifest strange
the latest gears came out on Windows but
the latest gears is too boring
really lame enemies in the new year
the whole long section we're fighting
the drones and gears for pure ass pure
ass
only trap
forks whine at me but when knives and
forks become a big angry giant that's
really me not liking it a lot happens
every day right anybody here from said
amore but first I was I either but we
had to make do with this new specimen
here
turbo Jesus 5,000 you might add about
her earlier this game is not on Steam
anymore but I have not tested this
supposedly I have read you can still buy
a digital version of this game for the
PC on gamestop on their website on
GameStop's website especially you can
still redeem that on Steam but the key
they give you so you might still be able
to buy this game and stop it that cheap
confection rape weren't you gonna finish
up the install of the super slammer
today and exciting I mean against the
minions of God I have not tested if this
works maybe on Travis maybe you can
download it but you can't get a nun
Steam and it's a weird version that
doesn't work I don't I don't know
anything about that guys don't know I'm
just read this as a thing who can do
what are we the FDA will have to clear a
path through this mess first
yet booming this residue is animating
Geordie help us stay up to somehow
hatching these many minions for
themselves
well there's paranormal physiology for
you
rich supply of the next voice actor of
Mickey Mouse
Cooper swept thro obligation capture the
slammer
you can relinquish
I'd read it in when you were alive
you're worse
No
what's it
this particular ghosts are very
dangerous
you're only encouraging them Faceman we
need to have a talk about holler oh god
I so should have dodged that
Oh
f13 I'll play Friday the 13th forbid if
I'd died in this is that it's not too
late
sad mark hamill mark hamill was a man
who was worried about his legacy he was
Luke Skywalker in the best movie he ever
made and I'm sure he's terribly worried
about the poor reception of the last
Jedi has gotten amongst many of the fans
that's the Star Wars that that's what
he's gonna be fuckin were known for
forever and I was in the seminary goes
he doesn't want to sully that what
I'm
Tim lousy hobo ghosts
can't lose Winston
yeah
if I'd died which came in like at a
switch - you're assuming a lot further
2772 six I'm back after my sabbatical
hello everyone we need to find a witch's
mess get anything good for Christmas I
got stabbed and also got a new headset
and keyboard really I got I got some
Super Mario Brothers one fridge magnets
nobody knows what the hell to get me for
Christmas
apparently I'm really hard to shop for
AJ pimp souls is hey rich glad to see
you streaming once more before the end
of the year the other day you said
Elle's best of the worst was your
favorite what's your favorite random
arlynn vid fiction vid been hurt and
yeah hurt do we call that video Ben
wrote another way you talkin about
etc it's probably still the oldest one
look a lot of it was because I was there
and I remember how fun it was having
that discussion so I'm biased but I
still gotta give it to who's the old
Santa Claus National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation to video that's a sabbatical
it's like a vacation like a long
vacation
100% of the event and I will 100% need
that I said way back nicely done
great job kid yeah combustible gasoline
it's the future Egon once again on the
super slammer I before it's a prototype
Peter you recall the memo from you about
getting too many memos on prototypes
well I did right there we mounted a high
expansion rapid cycle multiple post
absorber it's faster and larger than
okay okay potentially but our exposure
to interdimensional deities has been
only marginal today so it would be wise
to anticipate some error
we should type elephants somebody needs
to go
I got places to go people to me we get
out of here
Hindenburg opera wasn't that show shut
down when the stage caught fire and
killed the cast I didn't really like the
low speed and chase in the space but I
like the movie overall alright I didn't
particularly love the movie overall but
I don't I don't understand what's
inherently so bad about the the slow
space chase plot oh my God we're gonna
run out of gas that's that's a very real
threat and making them run out of gas
was a valid military tactic black slime
black slime is a hazardous form of
ectoplasmic residue toxic to both body
and soul characters whirring a lot of
fuel when a Star Wars movie is beard
yeah weird and boots sufficient enough
to insulate against the Star Wars is a
shitty universe and when you would try
to apply logic to it it falls apart
the first order could have just warped
ahead of them and cut them off yeah but
they didn't have to in fact in family
warping ahead to cut them off okay if if
the first order worked a few ships I had
to cut them off they would have they
would have forced a battle to happen and
that might have incurred some losses on
the new orders part but if they just
hang back and let them run out of fuel
they just pick them off when they're
sitting there like like big ducks they
don't they don't lose any Thai fighters
they don't risk losing a big capital
ship and an engagement the first order
strategy there made sense
that's not defending the movie I didn't
really like the movie that much but I
will defend their tactics in that
particular situation
you want it back Peter you better take
what's that supposed to mean I'm a
chubby chaser take out one month girl a
blind date
like of personalities and you guys
old guy TJ Bertolo he should just have a
throwaway line about some guy who stole
his identity that's how you address it
like those dukes I got the zombie dukes
there
going to the hotel
like that look at that go through the
crowds like it's nothing like it's
nothing
skateboards are helpful as fuck early
actually don't know where skateboards
are in this game I've never run across
one
I think Keiji Inafune a where's the
director on this one even though this
game was made by the Canadian studio
outside the casino plenty of skateboards
which I need to know where you got that
tape from and who your sources reporters
don't reveal their sources
privileged my ass that wasn't me on the
tape I'm being set up
why should I believe you you don't have
to but you want the big story right help
me out and I'll give you an interview
with the prime suspect it has to be an
exclusive sure doesn't matter to me I
can't tell you my source but there is a
central security room they'll be footage
of everything that happened there I can
show you where it is what it's a start
at least are we gonna need your crew I
guess they just didn't want it bad
enough
all right hurry up hurry up yeah we got
things to do
so the normal chain saws suck in this
game I miss I miss dead rising ones big
red chainsaw continual damage you can
move while using it that rising -
chainsaw sucks
better get used to that view Chuck you
hope I don't have to do everything for
you chat none of the chainsaws actually
there's only one normal chainsaw in this
game I like the Dead Rising 1 chainsaw
there's a combo chainsaw you can make in
this that's like a or what - chainsaw is
in either end that's not quite the same
either you move so slow while carrying
it it's it's got its uses you'll see me
use it it's actually pretty good on some
of the bosses the paddles soft
yes mediocre is the best way to describe
Dead Rising 3 the game that decided it
didn't like being a Dead Rising game
so no Dead Rising 3 no death run coming
in the future it wouldn't be a challenge
Dead Rising 3 no death would not be a
challenge my first time through the game
I had a no death run going up until the
game crashed and somehow corrupted my
save halfway was more than halfway
through what is it what's wrong
wait who is the leader I guess
here we go all right this this book I
grabbed that's gonna give me 25%
experience point boost for saving
survivors and doing things related to
the survivors and somebody asked earlier
why I grabbed the comb
so Rebecca is Frank West in this game
basically yes
Rebecca is the Frank West
right those are so good a problem with
the audio is there some kind of problem
with the audio I got somebody saying I
can hear the game and somebody else
saying dammit I'm deaf
no audio is fine alright
all right Chad we happen somewhere
around here Jen I don't think I need to
finish talking to her because I've seen
you spawn on your own before Chad so
where the fuck are you
you missed the Mega Man armor in this
game shame Chuck only gets the ghosts
and ghouls armor I happen to like ghosts
and ghouls those
yeah we find step rising - hmm just need
the parts all right yes you already
saved yourself
and the escorts are kind of lamer in
this but I'll take it over Dead Rising 3
& 4 they don't even really bother it's
so satisfying saving people in these
games and in Dead Rising 3 it's just
it's just not kill all the zombies
around them and then the person runs
away I don't know I don't know man
I dropped my drop the fireworks I don't
need him I don't need no goofy fireworks
head that way you can shoot at the
zombies you don't have to just wave at
me Chad
stick with me
follow those times I'm trying to do this
yeah
goodgoodgood
good
good yeah yeah we did it almost did it
did it that's how we crash for a second
check and one it wasn't that all of the
escorts would attack the zombie some
would refuse the escorts and one and the
brilliance of one is they had their own
personalities some were too terrified to
move
the Ford I don't need it right now
by the way that you see the zombies
follow her and the gumballs little small
little little details in life
yes I was just looting
so he tried to get father of the years
and achievement yet I've already I've
already gotten it
nope talk to our chef Thiam the goofing
around in my goofing around talking lady
get in the bike clock's ticking as Dead
Rising 2 I got time
I keep close
we're doing great by the way
no the Brandon that's that's the big
hurdle in this game I'm not strong
enough by the time I do the Brandon
fight
yeah finish triggering the story sure
listen to my kick you out when you got
here Sullivan I had nothing to do with
this I saw it on the TV saw you buddy
explain how that little trick works
wasn't me on the table it was someone in
my show outfit it was Brandon don't see
you here whether you believe me or not
I've got three days till the military
gets here to prove that I'm innocent how
does this compare to the first day I've
barely finished the original game but
always had a blast murdering hordes of
his own binos your what's wrong with
this franchise you'd probably like this
one more it's a good game I don't like
it as much as Dead Rising one because
it's not as challenging at least as far
as the timer and the escort missions are
concerned it's just it's not as
challenging it's not a satisfying no one
what was that all about he watches too
much TV tell me you found something we
went to central security but somebody
got there before us everything was
smashed all the tapes were gone
hey no footage of my daughter Stacy I'm
Rebecca Chang channel 6 Action News I'm
here to help
oh you'll forgive me if I don't think
it's very helpful that you accused my
organization of a crime we didn't commit
look I don't know what's going on here
but clearly things are not as they seem
I put out the information I had at the
time remember you can have all the
exclusives you want if you help us
figure out what's going on here
works for me whether you're innocent or
guilty I just want the truth
thanks for the vote of confidence but
okay we'll work together I'll keep an
eye on these monitors
I'll let you know if I see anything
nice yes you leave your daughter in the
same room as a tiger it's silly but as I
said before that's that's kind of an
easter egg more than an accurate
representation of the tone of the story
in this game that's fine
always a little bit of time doing this
yeah
yes I did give the tiger to my daughter
as a present
careful never changes clothes and
60-plus hours yeah a lot of the outfits
are just silly it's a waste of time I
don't mind I don't mind the default
outfit
by the way the the occasional zombie
that actually starts running at you is
is really kind of freaky what none of
the other ones do it
I'm not sure other than our other than
killing a looter and getting one I'm not
sure of a great spot in this game to
find a flashlight which is kind of like
right now
I know one spawns in one of the
maintenance rooms I just I don't
remember which one and I'm not sure how
out of the way it is what are my
thoughts on Dead Rising 3 they stripped
almost everything that was unique about
the franchise out of it in order to
appeal to a larger audience and it's
stupid and it's easy and it gets boring
shortly it's not that bad I'm making it
sound worse than it probably really is
but it's so crap compared to the other
two Dead Rising Games
don't
Oh how about that how about that right
here
up
I'm sure you guys will love this
yes you tape some gems on to a
flashlight
and you get a lightsaber
changes color a little bit randomly when
you switch back and forth between it
oh is that the only choice baseball if
I'm gonna look at the poster for the
Lambo
it's something with it what I need to
hold on weapons have durability in this
for fuck's sake
I'm not sure what kind of damage the
lightsaber does on bosses I kind of
think the machete taped to a broom
handle does decent damage so I'm gonna
hold on to that basically I'm worried
about the upcoming Brandon fight cuz
that's gonna eat up a lot of my time
when do I read tips when Adam won't get
around to it
it's a solo stream this is a different
beast I'm glad you took for zooming
attempting alright I'll read them at
some point just not not consistently all
night this this stream would last
forever if I did that
Changez outfit already there's nothing
else like it worth it isn't just stupid
see that's the lightsabers dangerous I'm
gonna more damage on him than I am
anything else you have to admit it Dead
Rising 2 has a much better lightsaber
battles than Dead Rising 1 there's the
thing there is a lightsaber in Dead
Rising 1 if you get the 5 day survivor
you survive for five days in infinite
mode it unlocks a lightsaber that spawns
in the security room you can pick up a
new one whenever you go to the security
room
you're getting too aggressive grandpa
stay right there
all right all right they're not doing
Tibet doing stupid things
wait there
we're doing good now once moving at a
good clip
faster
you go there stay over there
still there follow me
next it might be the hardest escort in
the whole game
that's not that bad
that flashlight is not very durable
isn't that right so this way
judge did you really give up on
discovery yes
I don't know why that should be so
shocking if you're not particularly
enjoying something don't keep doing it
I don't think the magazines help with
the combo weapon durability z' though
right
we're doing okay
really
I know big stress done before game
oh that's a good experience that's for
that my laser source already broken I'm
not taking it I can use this though
let's bless 500 points yes
durability spot durability is crap
alright it's fine
let's say forgive that guy some food
so they're very unlucky him there you
sevenish
why are you following me here
well damn it all right I didn't work out
it's not gonna be a perfect run
you fucking kicked his ass rich no he
got hit by a zombie from behind you have
to beat up a little bit to get to talk
to uh to recruit him to ours that's
now that's a lot of backtracking
still there
stay right there I told them to stay
behind I don't know why the game ignored
that command that's irritating you know
I want to reach I want to restart but
it's too fucking late
it's it's too fucking late
come on stay close
hurry okay
fuck
you wait there sorry your husband's dead
the wine
hey you okay
this is boss fight I'm worried about
we're late enough I'm not restarting by
the way if I die this is it playing for
nearly two hours that's that's a lot
I've got to go back and do stuff again
so did he in effect himself
not quite he's got that girl tied up
down there for a reason though
to the reefer about his voice
no stop
he was not doing as much damage as I
would like
yeah this weapon don't suck balls that's
what I got I was thinking it would do
more damage there ended up doing ya know
and I'm briefly caught in a loop
oh okay it does do decent damage if I
use the heavier attack
keep going probably find you a better
weapon
this way
you go
you just get caught up in the first
zombie you saw just building a harem I
don't think you get an achievement for
that in this one
stick close faster
let's go
I might be cutting this little bit close
still there
yeah
I'd like for this to be a no death story
run
you just remember the convicts for
running your day every time you played
Dead Rising 1 avoid the park after the
first day once you get that short card
shut shortcut in Wonderland Plaza you
don't you don't have to go through with
the the park hardly hardly ever once or
twice maybe all right which one of you
nerds is the one I have to talk to him
come on
follow me
ah pick up that thing there we go keep
moving let's go let's go let's go keep
close you go there
death count death count is zero my
friends I lost a survivor but that's not
me dying I don't care about them I was
upset to lose anyone the noise I gave a
command to stay put where there weren't
zombies and then he ran towards me
anyway it's gotta be some kind of glitch
cuz the same thing happened when I was
practicing for this a couple streams ago
Chad and his wife to stay put they
followed me anyway
so this can't be a perfect room and I'm
very upset about that given what I did
with Dead Rising 1 but yeah I lost a
survivor which doesn't happen that often
in this game sure rich a glitch you go
back and watch that shit I clearly I
clearly set the marker for Stuart the
wait on the ground just like that I
looked down I did that and he didn't do
it he followed me into a pack of zombies
idiot
I've got time I've got time
what all it means is that Chuck green
isn't as capable as Frank West
that's all losing a survivor in this
game means
and I'll be fine I know that Case Files
got a doesn't have much time on it but
we're right near the security room we'll
be fine we'll be fucking fine
all right all right hurry up hurry up
everyone hurry up hurry up my flock
hurry up Brittany
I'm just a little worried about her
lookup priorities in the diction this is
clocks tears saying this lookup
priorities of the dictionary and there's
a picture of him carrying the half-naked
dance a girl while letting the fat nerd
chug along behind on foot it's true yes
Stuart as a survivor
he died and it's my only failure this
dream so far
what nothing just
be careful okay for her sake
nice tour would have tried to cause that
mutiny anyway yeah but he's our easy to
talk out of it though
had in the security room but he's
standing right there you just talked up
a few times and then mute me subverting
alright I got a pipe that's doing no
good I need things what things do I need
one more rich f pumpers arguably I
already have yes
we've not we've not failed at the main
story so there's that what are you guys
always so big unchanging the outfit
why why I don't want to run around in a
dress I know you can do it this game
that is great that you can do it
I choose not to
their achievement in this we have to
listen to all the lucky talky messages
that's the first game it's actually one
of the harder ones to get it's really
easy to miss a call in Dead Rising 1
there's no
we have told rod Elrod Hubbard
I'll ride leaving Trixie behind Elrod's
jerk
over there
alright alright thanks going well
all right starting to get over losing
Stuart no it was not fond of losing
anybody I'll tell you that
move over there move it you go there
fucking try to follow me this time
and stay in there
Oh
was a guy up there but let me grab
something down here real
right
you get back from your trip you're gonna
download one of these Dead Rising games
to is probably the safer bet 3 & 4 are
garbage
I love one but most people seem to like
two more
Jeff I'm going to stubbornly refuse to
chain house change outfits until I have
to and then you know what I'm gonna
change it back
hurry up chef this is this is this is my
no deathrun I'm not you can tip me money
to put a dress on if you want I'm not
gonna do it I'm not gonna do it I'm
gonna rock this motocross jacket because
it's the one thing Chuck Green has going
for him as a character
I need to do next
good you keep saying the minstrel gnome
is if I'm supposed to know what you're
talking about
and normally I like to do the case first
but I think I think redo this boss
battle first
all right
and normally avoid this particular combo
weapon because I feel like it's it's the
mini chainsaw of Dead Rising to drop
something but for this for this boss I'm
going to make an exception
the many chainsaws aren't in this game
you're thinking of three
yes you can make combos without the
cards
but try fighting them with the
lightsaber flush we'll see how that goes
it might go poorly and if does I'll just
switch right back to the goddamn mouth
boxing glove knives
I thought the game crew wears now we're
still we're still going
nothing crashed
this also a no-kill one just anything
only Only Fools run around killing
everything in this game yeah
get stuck it's old man it's about
getting where you need to go the zombies
are just in your way it's like
whitewater rafting you have to navigate
the zombies do you enjoy beating up all
the songs I'm kind of I'm kind of bitter
about Dead Rising 3 & 4 that's that's
why I'm an asshole about that Dead
Rising 3 & 4 were built from the ground
up of the idea that all you would want
to do was mindlessly slaughter zombies
for hours on end
next time wait this starts either
alright let's savor actually works
pretty good on him
look okay untied the box
now chant I played through this section
a few days ago I didn't play through the
game
and you can't use a frying pan on
prepping you can also heat it up
you do that the first one to actually
pasta that's good
make sure this isn't really a secret you
need this guy to rescue that girl
still there
follow me
oh shut up
take the fucking weapon
Jesus Christ was that so hard
lightsaber with worse thingy
slightly out of my way to do something
here that's mighty I'm gonna get me some
exploding arrows
what's the best weapon in this game
usually situational nice a lot of things
are good in this game honestly
stay over there
you could you could you could take the
escalated walkways that are zombie free
yeah you can do that it'd be totally
legit
this door open
nevermind
let's go
yes there is a point to having money
number of survivors require money you
can buy Zombrex if you can't find any
for money
now that survivor doesn't count you
can't son you can't save him no matter
what you do
definitely your weapon to give you good
really don't fall behind this way
stop run short on time for my case files
so we gotta move people
no I've read about it there is not a
secret way to save him he's just dead
wait there what's that red wrong that's
possible Cinda you
Oh
I wanted to do meet the contestants
before I did Ticket to Ride but I'm
starting to run low on time maybe
follow me
I played dead rising case West I
actually haven't that was the the DLC
Dead Rising where the the big the big
gimmick was but bringing Frank West back
Frank was that character you like he's
coming back and then he was only your AI
partner in the game unless you were
playing co-op
what happened to that girl which girl
let's kick some ass yes you get to play
as Frank Weston off the record I see
that comment comments about off the
record once every 20 seconds I'm seeing
him but case West came out before yeah I
got chat you need seven Zombrex total if
you want to do things perfectly
like that bitten guy I saved he's gonna
need to kid he needs a number of them it
works out to be seven
my moves when you level up like in Dead
Rising on well you couldn't lie moves
you leveled up and you would get moves
when you level up you would randomly get
either extra life extra speed or a brand
new movie get something of a somewhat
random and you do get moves in this one
too but all of Chuck greens no just suck
like I think literally all of them are
worthless guys the Kent of Dead Rising 2
that wasn't a zombie yeah no shit shucks
twice the points harder to hit cuz they
move around so much crazy
now
take you down chump but you need some
wheels
let's go
add mister
here
you can get off the bike to kill this
guy but it's it's so much more
satisfying when you do it on the bike
Oh fuck's sake I got long
I'm almost there
doing it the hard way
oh you that easy
what's the best psychopath that Adam
from generalizing war
yes not only does Adam fall on his own
chainsaws but he's laughing the whole
time it's like the Joker would be proud
to go out that way
cleetus from dr1 is the best one
cleanest from dr1
he did nothing wrong man we flat-out
murder Cletus he's protecting his own
property he's legally speaking Cletus is
100% in the right a couple of guys go to
his store to steal guns and Eve attempts
to fight them off and gets killed in the
process
by the thieves
well guys steal on this game you kill
them well to be fair you're a different
character in this game
why am i saving if this is a no death
run because crashes are a thing as I
learned during my first attempt and a
dead rising one no death run crash isn't
a death
that's a hardware malfunction
Chucky's you made it out after that
pathetic performance you gave last night
I thought for sure they'd find you lying
dead with a load in your shorts Oh
Chucky well this this I'm playing I'm a
PC but I'm still not taking chances
but Chad dead rising ones available on
Steam Mouse Oh hardware problems are
less of a concern
thanks for the ride
I don't chat I don't know the voice
acting is bad as much as the the puns
are just awful
now I'm gonna make it
ah fuck that up
where you go chat is it
but that's not even a one-liner
very susceptible to headshots
I want to waste my arrows I know I got
the bow and arrow but using that UNH's
IV's will get me a lot of experience
points
options
all right no you you can't kill all the
zombies
I actually printed out a timeline of
this game I want to see once some of the
damn hidden survivors are called cheatin
if you want I don't much give a fuck I'm
caught up
except for Stuart who died or perfect
yeah the reality crew the reality TV
crew underneath the sporting goods store
they're not there yet though wasn't it
take all of the fun out of it if you're
looking at a guy yeah but hey this game
a lot when it came out and I wasn't
using a guy back then I've forgotten a
lot so I don't mind using a guide now
it's fine I'm only using it to find a
couple on announcer vipers it's fine go
fuck yourself
all right we're we're good
I think I've gone I've actually got time
to kill
he thought I was already nearing the
endgame oh god no oh oh Lord no this
isn't what do you think this is Dead
Rising 3
which is driving slower than your
grandma I'm in a golf cart
it's Dead Rising 3 the black sheep of
the family it was until dead rising 4
came out 3 is somewhat tolerable as its
own thing it's a terrible Dead Rising
game it's a it's a horribly standard
normal non Dead Rising in its it's fine
for some kind of crap Ubisoft open-world
game 3 came through the phone in the car
that's stupid
it
I'm fine there we go
actually right near there I think I just
need to get out here all right
is there a Katie can just fuck off
button yeah
don't give her this on Brooke she dies
and they will let you keep playing the
game if you just want to fuck around and
Dead Rising there was nothing that ever
stopped anybody from just fucking around
Dead Rising they made a zombie sandbox
game with a story mode and then people
played it and they followed the story
and they ignored the sandbox and they
complained about their not being a
sandbox mode dumb people ruin this
series dumb people ruin this series can
you finish the story with zombie Katy
though no she's part of the story
dumb people ruined a series founded on
being fucking dumb no dumb people ruin a
series because they thought it was just
supposed to be fucking dumb when there
was always much more to it than that but
they were too fucking stupid to see that
where's the Shamrock
that's what I came here for me alright
let's go everyone alright I'm gonna drop
the shitty ass alright tenderizers
I did not get a message about this -
construction welcome chicks they should
have spawned him by now
check it out with my posse
throw distance yeah that one's that
one's always disappointing to level up
and good throw distance
all right so can they show up without a
cold
if not that I'm wasting time but I've
already lost one survivor if I lose more
I guess big fucking deal
well they're there I just never got the
call
it's okay ladies I've brought a rock
band to help you
why are we doing this run again because
I only played part of the game last time
I'm trying to play the whole thing
come on down here come on down I don't
have to do it the long way you just
there we go all right all right
all right I've got your wife let's go
if you have the mag for the bingo parlor
I don't think that's the magazine I
carry unless you're talking about the
one I picked up is for gambling which I
am going to need later
follow me yes for what I have to play
poker yes I have all three gambling
books I'll get really good cards though
it's still not a guarantee
oh I'll win I can I can always get
really unlucky on all in I don't plan on
going all-in stupidly but I can still
fill that like I said we already lost
stewards so the the perfect run dream is
dead I can still have a damn good run
this way go all in and do it wearing a
dress why are you people in the chat so
preoccupied wearing a dress in this game
you do know I'm not Jack right I'm sorry
Chuck that's a cheap shot I have in here
it was a cheap shot
wait there
Jenna you again I gave you a weapon it's
the one survivor in this game that needs
home burn Stuart apparently
-
I'm sure
keep going oh that's right man to put
something down because it will up
don't fall behind left gloves are better
than fire gloves yeah that's why I'm not
I I think they're a little bit
overpowered I'm trying not to use the
knife loves
hey is she doing okay
all done kiddo you feeling okay hey
don't worry about that you're my best
girl I'd do anything for you
I guess there's a tiger in this room
there's really not much we can do now
except wait
we still streaming on Sunday I had
planned to put some best of the worst
movie you've already seen there on
YouTube would you like to join us while
you play I really can't I'm not set up
for another screen Plus play my
concentration is gonna be all on the
game but you can go ahead in terms of
movies on I'm not stopping anyone
yeah I'm gonna be pissed if the only
survivor I lose the Stuart I'm gonna be
sad so sad double or single stuff Oreos
I really like Oreos I hate the stuffing
no stuffing Oreos
they're much like cake frosting either
no waste of my time making that bad
that's fine it's fine
well if I'm interfering with movie dicks
I could just stop streaming I know you
guys like the movies you can watch
whatever you wants fine
all right no point leaving the safe
house until 8:00 that's when the next
survivor should be spawning and I didn't
need my cheat sheet for that I had that
one memorized
yeah
store the end what Oh am I too early
hmm I guess where they came into the
game at 8:00 look who needs his cheat
sheet now I could you know fucking
fucking what do we got what do we got my
cheat sheet says 8:00 a.m. Cathy's face
that's what cheat sheet says
there they go
alright I don't know why you weren't
there a minute ago she spotted like 815
or some weird shit
that's women's clothing I get weird well
can I'll go fuck yourselves
they won't follow you unless you're
carrying the dad boxes there for the
people I don't know what happens if the
box you should happen to get destroyed I
don't want to find out
we her and she's free she's free let's
go let's go
nope nope
why is there a lightsaber because game
be crazy
all right
time to kill
it's a kind of lightsaber change colors
totally not alliances they can throw
distance again oh great
no more lights
mild amount of time to kill so I may as
well go and open up the pawnshops
I want to lose my bow then I got two
shots left there we go
then waste
why do you need all the stuffed animals
I gotta give it to my daughter it's free
experience points
let's see what happens when I get back
to the safe house with them
yeah
check this is not the apocalypse right
now the zombies are localized to this
city and the government is going to bomb
the hell out of it in about two more
days game time
it was TK he's the one who framed us are
you sure he admitted it to my face but
that's not possible
why would he let his own zombie supply
loose sabotage his own show I saw him
with my own eyes is that who you sources
DK
don't be ridiculous shocked what was
that it sounded like it came from
outside looks like someone might be
messing with the casino vaults I can't
tell who it is though then I'd better
get out there and find out for myself
I don't know if she's really brave or
just really stupid
why do they care about the vaults
because you can use this money in other
cities this is not the apocalypse at
this point I think you're just fucking
with me I have to believe that I I have
to believe people are venom
why do they care oh you care because
you're trying to find out you've been
frayed alright the plot of this game if
you do not tune in early is you have
been framed for starting this outbreak
fir for opening up the door that kept in
the zombies they used for the bizarre
zombie game show where you kill zombies
in the game show so you've been framed
for starting this and we're
investigating who framed us and that's
involved with this casino heist and
that's why we can
all right
patrolling it's the bane of my existence
got anything
Oh
controller a man
don't want to dine out that'd be bad
I have a couple of healing items on me
but they have special effects and I
can't I just want to save them like
bosses and stuff
what's up
this this guy cares because he's got to
find proof that he's innocent and these
guys get away he'll never get that proof
it makes sense it makes sense
why stop the robbers it's the only lead
he has
just need the parts damn straight
is that everyone
that didn't that was a friggin grenade
little damage it did Oh geesh
yeah
there's the address
these robberies drip stop as the last
one
all right try beating these guys up for
the machine gun back
all right that doesn't do great damage
oh fuck them
let's go
but I'm just hitting them with my bike
what
what is worth Mike's machine guns did
work good on the van you believe me now
they're robbing the damn city that's why
they started this for money sure got
your story now listen I've got a meeting
with my source tonight I think maybe
it's time he met I thought a
professional journalist never gave up a
source I think this is kind of a special
case Chuck I'll meet you at 11 o'clock
in the bar they would have
it's nothing I care
yeah the bike the the gunfight just ran
out of ammo
what who's doing the piping I mean who's
who's doing the show for the Peep
I made a good damage on slap he was
sloppy stunned
right up
nice
yeah this seems like a a really stupid
thing to do doesn't it
crafts badass weapons disregard some
zombies because I got bigger fish to fry
man and you know what a lot of this
they'll pick it up after then Battlestar
so I don't completely lose
in terms of Dead Rising bosses that's
probably right below Adam oh it's
horribly depressing that poor dead girl
were in this stupid costume
whoo why that's what I needed
Oh
oh that was a lot of damage a lot does a
lot it's my fate we start throwing up
ah yep that's gonna make me start
throwing up
oh damn I tried I tried slappy kicked my
ass slappy kicked my fucking ass oh whoa
oh whoa alright it's put fun lol caught
up on tips and stuff not really I feel
like I could do a lot better I know I
can do a lot better
some Godby desert bus on stream that
sounds absolutely grueling and I don't
recommend everybody anybody try that
desert bus if you don't know the game
made by Penn & Teller you drive a bus
across the desert from one city to
another it takes three hours there's
nothing on the road you don't do
anything but drive forward and the bus
constantly goes to the right so you have
to make sure you keep pressing left so
you don't go off the road it takes three
hours
come on all right what do I got
oh and I've had many just a couple built
in 924 says remember comrades the only
thing you have to lose is your chains
socialism is the future
all right baby yeah Gallo says you got
this man
you got this by the ass that's ass all
right I so should have done better
that's all right I have no idea when but
but much like Dead Rising I'll probably
try again at some point I don't know
when and you know what we'll fucking
save Stewart next time fucking save
Stewart next time - god damn it
like really quit okay oh I got a few
here DJ man 1977 is that is the names of
the people who have subscribed to not
make our streams possible and we are
thanking them as they deserve our thanks
DJ man 1975 Lucky Strikes
what is it
Saracen says yeah boy D reason 13
Jagannath stupid fireworks start it
purple space bazooka for 36
motherfucking months in a row says holy
guacamole
36 motherfucking months in a row three
years of hack fraud goodness as a
three-year-old I just have to say are we
there yet
seriously thank you for all you have to
do you're welcome
pig-sticker evil crash 9 for 21 fucking
months in a row
tim god Josh is Floyd poem maker a
phenom on for twenty four fucking months
in a row prax's says yo hi yo Q Tom
who's done anything this is a emo which
I can't read 246 venture 82
Drago 34 rich in anti-oxidants says I
was the Ohio's at another remote I'm
assuming that's in a moment
flem mode yo 14 midnight nut says keep
up the good work rich blame it on bud
drew so johnson 4364 mg XD Erebus and
aether for 20 fucking months in a row
z no trope for 42 motherfucking months
in a row says rich that dr to run was
amazing to watch thanks for the stream
it be be more amazing if i pulled it off
I really I really thought I had him
thought I had that game down to man
thought I had that game down you know
what really upset me it took me it took
me three times to get
dr1 right on stream three tries to do
that shit if it takes me if it takes me
more than that for Dead Rising 2 I'll be
ashamed because I do ultimately believe
the game is easier the the time crunch
is it's just it's not there it's not
that mad scramble and qiyamah League 27
and Bravo City thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
Jack woody who were here he would have a
nice night
