Jul 11, 2018
Orcs Must Die!
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/283637825
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/283641274
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/283645405
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKlBVHTKWD0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qO_39IvbByI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6D8e1oiezA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1017128477047304192

[Part I]
I mean if you want people to see what
game we're playing probably a good idea
could be wish wish wish thing to
iclicker none of those things it's my
boy at the bottom we're why why you'd be
underneath us guess Frank's we're doing
things as we're over there we go alright
alright there we go hello everybody
yes everyone please take note at our
Batman and Catwoman counter which is
still accurate
it's kind of its kind of just everything
we thought just even lazier yes more
more cynical more instead like they
didn't even pretend yeah they didn't
even pretend they were gonna do
something it was just a blatant
publicity stunt
yeah it was just a blatant publicity
stunt they didn't pretend it was a story
you know like back in the day like when
they killed Superman right how long did
it take Superman to come back less than
a year right it's like okay well here
was a big life-changing thing Superman
is dead do it they got two big stories
on it yeah Superman was dead for a while
but it was only those two story arcs
yeah yeah death of a friend the funeral
I got everyone misses Superman
yeah and then return over the Superman
right then it was it they told the story
but they told two stories and nobody
nobody thought that was gonna last right
right but like now we're getting to the
point in comic books where the the big
events is is reversed within the same
issue and that's it's just it's just
it's just
by the way the book is not bad like it's
it's a it's I just I just read spoilers
no and you know like it's a little
heartfelt sports so spoiler alert for
the Batman cat
number of Batman number 50 the wedding
issue Batman
asks Alfred to be his best man to be his
witness adorable right uh-huh that's all
great it does have this nice little like
both perspective thing a ton of
different artists I've been to do art on
the others and that's really neat but at
the end of the Batman gets me Catwoman
decides that and Batman being miserable
is this reason for being Batman yeah
nice and if he's happy he won't fight
crime anymore
yes yes a lot of angsty bullshit it's a
load of horrible angsty bull shit and so
she decides to run away from the
marriage so that Batman can still be
miserable so he can be Batman Batman
first things first that's that's the
whole shebang so I've played this before
but if you haven't seen it there's
actually one of my favorite damn games
works most dying
it's your favorite game one of your
favorite games yeah yeah the weirdo
third person tower defense game yes see
this year this blue thing is a portal to
earth where a bunch of helpless human
beings live and through that door
hundreds of bloodthirsty orcs are going
to try and rush their way hmm
to get to earth no you have to stop them
the blue lines kind of show like the
general paths that the orcs are going to
take and their attempts to eat everyone
on earth
since then I use magic and swords and
arrows and I could place down tress I
couldn't spike traps down and then the
orcs run over the traps and ha ha you've
been spiked yep
haha no I have not played caves of quad
though I did pick it up on the Steam set
so I'm looking forward to playing okay
and and this is the first level so it's
pretty easy can you hurt yourself if you
go over this way for no no you're immune
to all the traps okay unless it explodes
wait no I'm thinking of different game
now you're me and everything okay remove
two all your own traps last thing you'll
ever see
it's great I picked up tapes but yeah
yeah it's been on my cable quote has
been on my my wish list for a while I
know it's still an early access but the
developer who I think I follow on
Twitter had mentioned that this scheme
sale was going to be the lowest price it
was gonna be available for a while and
you know like it's we're getting close
to being out of early access and so you
know we're gonna be charging full price
as soon as we're out of early access so
heads up if you want to support
development and get it as possible five
mountains okay steam sale convinced me
to buy a lot of things times and or call
things out of my wish list because I was
never ever going to buy them yeah even
if they were super cheap
oh yeah that's great
I think that's importantly my wish list
is full of you know random shit yeah
full of random shit
which is fine a little present for you
one for you initiate the next wave or do
they karnataka you initiate the first
wave and then they keep coming like it's
like three waves then you get a break
okay sure
and then you can choose from the next
wave yeah you get as much time as you
want for the first one plus you're
playing on nightmare then there's no
nope sure sure sure
I'm actually seeing Richard you are
in the game music / sound go down up
let's wait until wait until this run
until the wave is over oh yeah this map
they give you a couple free
the intro map they give you a couple
free help yeah eventually it's a good
summer and when you do the dance that
means you you did ahead old perfect
round did the I did the five five star
dance they were doing dances before
fortnight and this is this was ahead of
its time rich just a smidge they're
saying the volume okay
hold on hold up hold up holding on when
did this game come out six years ago wow
it for you in very high pitch I'm not
sure because I'm not sure okay it's a
little bit old at this point you get
this game dirt cheap fun is fuck em the
second one has co-op oh hey and the
sound I think I think we deal with low
music and and normal sound effects
probably there's a lot of sound effects
put the sound on a bearish Marge and the
sound effects now let's try let's try
this okay let's try this
okay this whew that's my aha with the
old man dead in my apprenticeship
finally over I can draw on the full
power of the rift I'll get a new toy
metal house if you sends rich and I a
copy of your comic book we might read it
I probably certainly won't but then by
the way we might also talk about it and
if we don't like it then we'll also talk
about it I think someone has sent us
comic books before and I didn't have
very nice things to say about it that
has happened yes so sometime okay so and
Richard saying he won't I might I know I
won't yeah I know I'm not gonna remember
see I might and I might not have
anything nice to say about it so send
stuff at your own risk
Ejim up a game
come on practice that's alright that's
alright he's still doing a good job
still doing a good job yeah Orcs Must
Die Unchained is the newest one that's
the free-to-play one that's some brandy
garbage microtransactions pay to win I
haven't gotten very deep and I actually
haven't played them all I think I
technically owned it because it's free
to play but I have heard I've heard
nothing but bad things
and the reason the stream title by the
way is keybindings must die because when
I when I got in when I got into the
studio which was which was a big
sourpuss because apparently this game is
kind of difficult to set custom key by
you have to go out of your way to rebind
the keys that you're liking yeah it
looked like a big pain in the ass it was
just one of those things which should be
easy home see ant-man - yet I saw
ant-man - rich Evans did you see ant-man
- no no yeah I'm not many people care
about it I don't think cuz it's ant-man
- not many people cared about ant-man
he's mighty here's my tiny review of a
man - it's alright
I saw this afternoon oh yeah yeah
yeah that's a fruit time took the kids
you know nothing nothing nothing better
to do on a hot summer day then than
going to an air-conditioned movies you
know I'm saying
but that's my that's my review it's
right I love that Paul Rock I won't ever
not love
what's the occasion for playing orcs
perspectives on the report this is one
of the favorite games I love this game
yeah you play this sometimes you play
the games you want oh yeah what's that
okay
apparently critics are cracking the
shits because they made it look like
wasp is also a lead but she does nothing
I thought this was a really good
ensemble movie it's not necessarily
Scott Lang's story it's really more of
Hank Pym and oh god what's her name hope
hope Van Dyne yeah yeah it's really Hank
Pym and hope Van Dyne story and ant-man
comes along but it's it's a solid
ensemble story so no I don't think I
think any critic who says that wasp
isn't at the forefront didn't watch the
movie I guess it's very obvious it's an
ensemble a so I go ahead the rating you
got like like five star ratings yes
coals yeah yeah well rating that's
that's kind of important because you use
that to buy upgrades on the traps you
are Oh point that out yeah do it
point him point it
and you earn traps through just like you
did just levels you get something
something new every level okay another
fortress another riff to defend they
always seem to break through the doors
we should do something I kind of want to
go replay this now kind of rich you've
talked about this game quite a bit
your is kind of in love with this game I
am I do like I like that it's it's a
very unique idea because you know like a
tower defense game is very basic but it
does have that a tower defense game has
that really nice leveling up system you
know like your towers do so much damage
and then eat by killing enemies you get
more points to make your towers more
effective against the stronger enemies a
really nice classic positive
reinforcement right
and so taking that into the into a
shooter like this yes ho potato this is
some kind of hybrid third-person shooter
tower defense game yes that's exactly
what it is and it's amazing if you have
any tips we do young ones as hack frogs
how do I gift games over scheme there is
no email option there should be there
used to be an email option - a gift your
game on Steam and there should be and
then you email it to us prereq at red
letter media com
ah that's fun is that a one-time-use
thing or you can know that one that one
you can redo chandeliers that's a
one-time thing
oh sure as me they took away the email
option I think you have to be friends
with a person to give them now oh well
sorry and I'm both for it's a nice
friendly list is very full if there's a
way you can get like the activation code
then you can email us back I ain't no
scheme ologist that's a total thing
someone who is an expert on all things
steam a professor of Urology oh you won
one still there well it's just you know
you can just tell that you've played
this so much where you knew to put the
sticky trap right off the chandelier
yeah well you just know all those things
about like I got it you know because for
me as a newcomer it's like rich why are
you putting your sticky traps away away
from all your other that seems silly man
but you know what's up
okay bar 5 says I'm sorry this is a
really common question but I just wanted
to say that I really like your beard
jack why'd you decide to shave it
because it's itchy and uncomfortable
that's really it
I thought I could do it I have I had
I've had I've had a much much larger
view and I have no idea how I ever dealt
with it in the past
yeah because I used to have a really
massive feel like you know down to my
chest dude and I had it for quite some
time and
when I tried growing it now I get maybe
like I think I think the last time I
tried to go I got like three weeks of
growth and just wanted to rip my fucking
face on you lost the curb use same time
you shave the head they go hand in hand
yeah pretty close pretty place yeah just
a total hair removal yeah total hair
removal ah I think I first I tried
keeping the beard and just buzzing my
hair but that didn't seem right once it
gets big enough you stop noticing I'm
sure but I don't want to deal with that
I don't want to deal with that itch eNOS
and so yeah just just shave I'm okay
shaving that's a commitment growing a
beard that's just a daily commitment
that I don't want to deal
and I'm gonna heal
consider a Tom Selleck mustache I can
guarantee you that that would be vetoed
immediately by my wife she is she is not
a mustache man but she done with the
beer she did deal with the beard she was
she she knew it was important to me I
guess but I think if I try to grow just
a mustache she would shut that down
which I'd be okay with I think also it
would make me look really weird bald
head mutt big ol monster maybe I'll do
that for like a Halloween one year I'll
just grow a big mustache and and see how
it looks under the guise of a Halloween
bang
or I'll like I'll make a video and in
the video like I'll Mead I'll have a
character that is heaven
oh and I gotta grow it out for a video
with you and that'll be like my my my
way - nice nice it's always nice when
you do the perfect dance well yes that's
what you're hoping yeah the perfect
dance bald but mutton chops I used to
have fun traps a friend of mine found a
picture I grew these ridiculous
sideburns they went down here back in
the day they found a picture of me with
these ridiculous ideas just sideburns
back when I had hair and I had big sigh
grew up in the 70s I know know when I
see this picture and you know my friends
are of course laughing I mean I said how
does they as they should be how did you
ever let me get away with these
ridiculous sideburns and they of course
said well you didn't really get away
with them when I was like well then why
didn't you tell me
Jack you could look like an old-timey
boxer there you go that would be great
so what do we do with the Batman
Catwoman marriage killer now suing just
has to go yeah it's just gonna go
I thought we'd leave it up at least for
this dream just to hey just to talk
about Joe but yeah it'll just go
unfortunately how could anybody take any
relationship in a comic book seriously
it's all doomed to failure
well any air every love interest of the
comic book no it's not gonna happen yeah
nah not just love interest for it so
this goes what just just throwing him an
acid now I like it not just love
interest this is just general character
growth like how can you how can you read
any comic book and just expect a
caricature to not be that same version
of change
it's the eliminate it's been a thing
that's what they call it it's got a name
the illusion isn't claimed in like the
70s by Marvel I think oh yeah by one of
their one of their big writers I forgot
I forgot who I mean it makes a ton of
sense because yes that's that's it's
it's a sham the whole the whole comic
the the whole in the whole character
story thing is a complete sham let's say
I want to say Roy Thomas said it okay
when he was writing for Avengers
talked about the illusion of change yeah
you need to pretend that your characters
are evolving but in really in reality
they're the exact same yeah nothing's
changed nothing is really changing right
there's no there's no growth yeah yeah
and that's a shame that's a shame
as you know as their as their fan base
grows grows older and are at it's great
hovering them and putting them in front
of the trap you gotta have some fun okay
these are these early waves you get
bored if you don't just mess around with
them it's a champ you know like they're
their fan base is growing older their
fan bases lives are changing and it
would be great if you know characters
could reflect a little bit I thought the
whole point of the Ultimate Universe was
now you got your young versions of the
characters yes we could take the classic
characters and do things with them no
that that would be that would be the
perfect opportunity yeah I thought that
was the whole point of a separate comic
book series for the young Peter Parker I
thought that was the point they could
have been it could have been it well and
I suppose technically speaking what
Peter is at a different point in his
life now cuz he's a captain of industry
and whatnot he's no longer I think he's
lost that business illusion of change -
yeah rich damn it they've already
they've already done away with that
they've already done away with him
having his own business
yeah successful business I read up on
the local PD because I was curious bitch
I was curious I read up on this it's
gone it's all gone man give him get let
him do something man he's working you
know he's working through the Daily
Bugle again
oh fuck you that's dude that's just what
I want 50-year old Peter Parker hips are
going bad still a photographer you know
struggling to make rent in a relevant
industry that's exactly what I want for
my superhero fantasy
yeah I guess dang it - dang it
yeah Peter Parker you know applying for
his Social Security money while while
still you know trying to get pictures of
spider-man he's had about 40 years worth
of adventure but he's 22 of course of
course
this isn't the same universe where he
had his own business for a while and he
was doctor doctor our twist for a while
he's 22 yeah Peter Parker has to always
be a struggling motherfucker
yes that's why I say fuck you to most
marvel comics like see this is why the
ultimate universe of wasting but you get
they could have had their cake and a
tattoo of course see you start fresh you
hit the reset button with the ultimate
universe and hey you got we got a kid
Peter Parker again still struggling
still figuring stuff out right yeah or
oh gosh you start to get a new hero get
that you get that Miss Marvel she's the
new young hero who struggle in figuring
it out look what spider-man you know
being established Kiera moving on with
his life trying to try to juggle
you know relation you know marriage
maybe you know kind of a mentor figure
to a new generation wouldn't that
wouldn't that be amazing you know maybe
he's got a kid and he's guy he's got to
be like you know Incredibles kind of
situation you got to be a parent and a
superhero but no that way it would be
fun because you would have the ultimate
universe yes what know young and good
stuff either of course but you know the
Incredibles isn't very popular so I know
we're successful so I guess we wouldn't
want to do that I don't want to deny
kids sweat enough no I know I don't I'm
wicked fighting with a lot of Spidey
meant a lot to me when I was like 14
I'm with you know I know you know what I
really enjoyed the ultimate universe
because that was a universe that I could
be in on the ground or work you know
yeah and you know as a as a teenager
when the ultimate universe came out are
they was relevant to me I even though
his old computer partner was but oh hey
this is a great new batch of stories
these are this is relevant to my
interests does miss Marvel have a breast
window no you're thinking of Power Girl
yes you're thinking of Power Girl from
the DC Universe well as a girl as a
woman power woman I just buy things girl
things Power Girl yeah who's actually
alternate universe super girl alternate
universe super girl who has the boob
window according to DC to let more Sun
hit her skin so she's more powerful you
see you know what it's fine if she just
has that as a distraction for bad guys
make it a little lower like hold on guys
that we're going into battle I got a
really wedge this thing down where is
there anything wrong with a superhero
who just likes being sexy no okay
in fact that isn't that one of them
that's one of Wonder Woman he's defining
traits is she's just like looking good
yeah that's why Wonder Woman wears the
outfit she wears cuz she likes to feel
good look good shit I know this ain't
good armor I just like to look good and
ain't nothing wrong with that just to
show it off and that he is the
overpowered DLC weapon here who the Oh
The Alchemist is the alchemist satchel
which is place acid bombs then remotely
detonate yeah oh nice a comically
effective and it probably shouldn't be
in the game that's fine that's fine do
it
do what you got to do rich do what you
got to do
tired and sad says what are your guys
has thoughts on the greenlit standalone
Joker film starring Joaquin Phoenix is
this the first major sign they're
disbanding the DC I don't have any
thoughts I have no thoughts
Joaquin Phoenix a Joaquin Phoenix is a
fine actor yeah I think he's a good
actor he's been good in many things
that's literally my own thought because
we don't know anything yet oh Jesus
Christ
yeah just most enemies we're relatively
cheap it just just melts everyone you
know white area
it's a cool let's go bomb though how
many do you get of them to get infinite
of them yeah oh my god well your magic
has to recharge before you can use them
too much yeah that's ridiculous that's
ridiculous the m5
oh well then then you're fine that's
great that's great tired and sad says to
add to my earlier question
besides Wonder Woman too and Aquaman
which hour in production are the rest of
the future DC EU films just a vapor
we're at this point no idea they've been
they've been stubborn they have it you
know they have absolutely stubborn right
they've been very very stubborn very
easy for them to get just pasture yeah
when I know with with kind of even worse
than expected box office for justices
Josh Wheaton got his Batgirl may be
taken away even even though it was in no
way his fault but he's not getting his
Batgirl anymore I don't know what to
tell you I don't know what can be done
burn it all burn it all I just don't I
just don't care Wonder Woman to is
probably going to be good you know
same same team coming back for one of
them - I like - Wonder Woman gonna do
fine it's gonna be great maybe have a
slightly less Zack Snyder interfere him
so you know no no a CG boss battle at
the end of it that could be great
Kristen Wiig as cheat ah
yeah okay you're just showing off at
this point yeah yeah place the bomb now
I'm just gonna wait for more people yeah
great those bombs cost money no
professor Carr Joss Whedon isn't a
creeper he's just an adulterer that
doesn't necessarily make him a creeper
just unfaithful to consensual sex just
with somebody other than his wife right
very very different Zack Snyder quit the
DC well and I think he's still
technically like in a in a producer type
role for the DCAU but he has stepped
down due to family due to his family
situation but I do believe that he's
still on board and a produce folio
more archers more archers hurry up you
fuck Zack Snyder was quitted he stepped
down
DC accepted his resignation whether he
tendered his resignation is yet to be is
yet to do fuck but DC is certainly
accepted
Oh God that was close almost got one
through
fuck that one up what happened
hi what a zoo guys got behind me and I
had to divert my intention to stop him
before I got to the gauge as I was doing
that I wasn't killing the huge horde um
by my prayer trips and they got past
it's hard traps some waves started
coming at me and they got they were
passed where my archers could shoot at
them and it was an old fuck and it was
then it was oh fuck it very quickly
became oh fuck and it very quickly
became oh fuck why did I stop throwing
acid bombs because it feels cheap
it's a DLC item it's not with the base
game I just kind of wanted to show
everyone basically oh well and it's
incredibly over power yeah yeah
especially like in these hallways where
you could just throw one and kill I mean
you can fight kill what a dozen dudes I
don't like using it yeah agreed
you're going you're going you're going
for a true victory here not a cheap and
easy win right rich Evans ain't no
cheese head that's true yeah that's a
true statement about me in many senses
you are no cheese head fuck the Packers
fuck them to death
there you go mango house D&D; going ah we
didi has been going great
I've almost done writing up my new
campaign but in the meantime we've been
playing a lot of my kids have been
writing their own campaign and they love
it yeah they love just writing their own
like okay this is part 7 of this and you
know like they they write a little
dungeon it's great we've been having
we've been having a ton of fun helping
them break for tea oh no I'm just ready
for the fun out of it so so we've been
playing a lot of my kidses campaigns
which has been great because I get to be
on the player side a little bit and that
helps give me some ideas going on the
inside I have we had a really fun thing
happen was it it was last Friday I think
we were we were playing my youngest
wrote up a simple simple easy campaign
and I play as a as a half-orc monk and
so I was like I'm a big brawler kungfu
guy right and whenever I attack you know
I can use weapons but I do a lot of
fisticuffs attack I have to describe how
I'm attacking the enemy right right and
so like you know I'm describing how I'm
attacking this we oh we were fighting
robots because of course we're like why
not right
Oh cuz we got teleported to the future
and we had to fight robots and that was
great
and so we're fighting robots and I'm
describing how I'm attacking the robots
and I say well I'm gonna jump up and I'm
gonna do a flying elbows right and I'm
gonna I'm gonna give him a flying elbow
right to his robot skull and okay roll
well to see how you do with that and I
roll a one which is a pretty cool thing
and so something you know the kids know
the rules critical fail something bad
and so the bad thing that happened to me
was that I broke my arm in several
places
oh god that's what that's what my
seven-year-old dungeon master decided
happened to me he say you broke your arm
you can no longer use it I was like
holding a shield that helped protect me
he's hardcore at night oh yeah oh yeah
well he just you know he wants to mess
you up which is great you know like
that's that's great on him he's playing
the game oh he wants to play it and so
you know another wave of bad guys is
coming in and my arm is broken and I
like I'm a fighter I can't use my arm
like you know we started talking about
how I can heal it and so I just say okay
fuck it I rip off my arm you told your
kid fuck I said fuck it that's what I
said to my seven-year-old right no I
just say okay here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna rip off my own arm and use it
as a weapon Jack what what did you think
what happened
I could beaten a couple robots at this
point robots are just regular enemies
there's just metal yeah well but I'm an
orc some fresh okay oh you know what
that's fine so pretty strong okay so I
tell him I like I'm gonna rip off my arm
and use my big orc arm as a claw and
this you know this is the the
seven-year-old is the one that's super
into like you know he loves it when I
play Friday the 13th he's super into
monster movies he's big fan of blood and
guts yeah and so this just made his day
he's like all right you rip off your arm
give me a strength roll I'm like ok
strength roll on it
I roll strength and like to his credit
as a DM he says okay you're able to rip
up rip off your arm but it does one
point of damage yeah because you've
ripped off your arm and I'm like great
great and so I'm able to rip off my arm
and I start using my arm as a club on
the robots and and that's what I did for
the rest of the that's what I did for
the rest of the campaign is I used my
own arm as a club and they're like do
you wanna do you wanna you know put that
arm back on me maybe try to heal that up
and I was like nope this is my weapon
now my arm is a closed very work of you
yeah those I thought that was very good
me I was having a good time having a
good old time on the
on the clear front of it and I've come
up with a couple meets a couple neat
things to do for my next campaign which
is the boys have been watching you play
a bit of that of The Witcher and
something that they've been enjoying
while watching me play The Witcher is
seeing me track down the monsters you
know like you get to use your your
Batman sends your richer sense yeah you
look for footprints and you look for you
know blood here and there and so I've
created a little side quest for them
where they can do that you know like
there's gonna be footprints and blood
tracks where they can hunt down a
monster and I think they're really gonna
enjoy that
Jack sounds like a nerdy wonder why
decals I wonder why Jack sounds like
nerve it's the who knows
but yeah I know we're having we're
having a great time and and really like
all the the biggest problem we're having
B&B; wise is figuring out who gets to run
the next campaign because like the kids
have so many ideas for stuff they want
they want to do in worlds to build and
so it's just like well it's not you know
now it's gonna be your turn next it'll
be your turn I want to go again so I get
I get next turn which is a great way to
do this game has me thinking is there a
home alone themed tower defense game
that would be great it would be great
some some artificial intelligence Bert
oh no you know what home alone
battle royale style you have one you
know or online multiple like like one
versus for one person who sets up the
traps in the house and then like four
burglars who try to break in the house
to get the treasure
hmm and then you know you have your
Kevin McAllister spring is setting up
the traps spring in traps and
improvising as they go you get a BB gun
yeah yeah so you mean uh asymmetrical a
multiplayer game oh that's a better way
to put in yeah well you know you spin it
battle royale cuz that's how you get
someone to make it because that's what's
popular oh oh I got it rich micro battle
royale that's what we call it okay you
know what that's fine twin micro battle
royale because that's how you get it
published you know or no one's gonna no
one's gonna take you seriously unless
you use the right
but yeah that could be a lot of fun a
home alone themed game like this where
you have different traps you set up and
then other people try to break in the
house to get at the treasure the money
there's a money yeah a little Friday the
13th ish nothing wrong with that no no
it could be fun it could be real fun
whether these sprinklers since your fun
shoot him into acid yeah that's great
the kids are living the best time right
now Jack because when they get to high
school DMV and so many other things that
are classically nerdy have become
ironically cool I mean as long as
they're having fun if it's are even with
ironic Lum
Oh Shh what happened nothing I'm just I
forgot to lock this side off
I just gotta come to bite me in the ass
okay there you go there you go
yeah we know we have a couple other
friends that we're trying to get into
the whole TV thing just so you know the
kids can can have other kids to play
with and so they can start their own
thing because that's for real hope with
anything parent wise is give them given
the tools and have them go off on their
own wait what happened I'm just okay
they need at least one path to get to
the rift but otherwise they don't break
down if you completely block off the
rift they'll just start mocking all of
your barricades down right but if you
can barricade but I want to barricade
one side so you'll need to worry about
defending one amp of course of course
Jax speaking of non-digital games did
you see that Edmund McMillen is doing a
four player card game based on Isaac
that he's kick-starting not only have I
seen it apparently enough people have
seen it it's it's raised over a million
dollars at this point it's doing
fantastic and I of course backed the
Kickstarter
we're gonna try to see if we can get a
Edmond on the stream again so we can
talk about the game we're gonna try to
schedule something with them which would
be really neat I'm super excited to to
play the card game that's gonna leave a
mark
hopefully you know it gives it brings
the same amount of joy and replayability
that the video game has given me it's
called it's called Binding of Isaac for
souls and I think you can go to for
souls dot-com someone give me the
correct URL and learn all about the game
it's being kick-started now the
Kickstarter is still going for like a
week and a half maybe two weeks so it's
doing great it's gonna be back - it
looks really neat and I keep adding new
stuff you tears new things
what
that's not it
I look up this domain name sloughing yes
I do have caves applaud I haven't played
it in I know everyone's talking about
caves equip right now fantastic
you're not doing fantastic I'm not on my
a game
I'm on the B game
well there you go well I sure will I
stream what caves
okay zoo cut yeah as soon as I know how
to play it and I'll stream it it's gonna
take a little bit for me to you know
just figure out how to play it official
website here
I've been bouncing what I thought it's a
good
then I watched the end of West Road I
have nots I've watched everything except
for the finale because the finale is two
hours on and who has the time
Schumi season and not series season
finale
yeah sorry did I say season I just
wasn't sure wait wait was phrase I know
episode
oh yeah the the season finale is out now
and I have not I've not watched it but
I've watched everything but the finale
and good show Good Old West world
one of these days one of these days I'll
be able to watch it we've been going
through the Jurassic Park movies with
the kids and that's that's been our our
priority number one is just watching as
many dress at Park movies as we can
because the children being the children
they actually they like the the second
one a little more because more people
got eaten I mean it's bad it's not like
terrible bad I don't know if I've ever
seen this like liking a second job or
dinner first because more people get
eaten yeah it's not the worst I mean you
know sharks got a scar second one yeah
sharks awesome the shark is legitimately
cooler in the second that's true have
you heard of dragon raid a Christian
fundamentalist version of D&D; whoa I
mean sounds awesome
sounds like something I'd be super into
second one goes fully done within
gymnastic starts I'd argue it goes fully
gentleman before the gymnastics second
one goes fully dumb when apparently Jeff
Goldblum decided not to care he's
phoning it in for the entire movie was
having a second island particularly
makes sense the the way it's presented
in the movie at least is you know one
Idol Island to make them and then one
island to show them off you know though
it makes sense like you know you don't
prepare the food in the dining room
you got a kitchen in the dining room you
have a separate section of the island
seems really expensive to run - dinosaur
islands one you're not making any ticket
sales off of that just seems it wasteful
I mean you're talking about someone who
has enough money to buy an island in the
first place I think you know but at that
point why not buy a second one
what do they say in contacts
why why build one when you can build two
for twice the cost want to go for a ride
so your strategy of walling off one
entrance yeah are we gonna are we gonna
consider that cheese no some of the
label you kind of have to at some points
in this game
sure just just strategy yeah
contacts started off really strong man I
like a lot of contacts we I think we've
talked about contact before I like a
whole lot of contact but that ending who
dog the the end of your wonderful
science fiction movie is sometimes you
gotta have faith you have a the man who
wrote them yeah Sagan I was trying to
appeal to people who have faced their
faith and make science appealing to them
rather than the enemy that needs to be
destroyed
yes I'm sure it was done very
deliberately you know oh I'm sure it was
I'm just saying narrative Lee as a movie
experienced it it uh it doesn't flow it
does this
be a little bit all right that's all
stuff okay or two minutes is jack the
secrets are getting past that initial
itchiness is head and shoulders in the
beard or beard or if you want to be like
Josh but that's not necessary it's just
dry skin before your beard starts oil
itself like the hair on your head could
it just sit it'd be bad lack thereof I
think even if I grew my hair out of an
edge it's just not worth it
uncomfortable beardless even though
shaving can be having a spiritual man
who blades science unlock the mysteries
of creation also the ending looked a lot
better as a book that I could see
that I could see oh that reminds that
reminds me speaking of a book I have I
have a very important question to ask
everyone and we'll talk to rich about
this as soon as this level is over
because this is very intense level but
with a chat remember later to talk about
Kevin Costner got gobbledygook who says
thinking of buying so path traveller
collector edition for the switch vervet
do you guys have any collector edition
anything there are anything you've sold
for more than you paid the collector's
edition of DC Universe Online for the
ps3 is on eBay for $80 new Fox I don't
so much
yeah yeah your your your a whole Dharana
I I will sell anything if I think I'm
done with it yeah there's a few things
that I I won't part with in fear that I
will never have a better version of like
you know movie that's very important to
me of course I think I have I think I
have three different versions of quarks
in my DVD collection
because you know just in case just in
case I want to watch that one version
that has that one cut on it
clean-up on aisle three and he found
something movie signs it says humberto
Cabot craft I really enjoyed it and
believe it's unfairly lumped in with
other ignites other bad movies I don't
have strong thoughts in science
I just think it kind of shit's defend I
think it's it's it's really strong like
it like all of em Knights movies it
starts off I'm really strong visually no
we have a super neat mystery and and
this this creepy unknown entity and then
as soon as we know the entity we get all
the information and it's dealt with
really easy and it was really just
unsatisfying ending so just you know
it's fine
it's it most of it is is really good but
I think it's I think it's lumped in
correctly with stuff like the village or
like what was the earth day what was the
mark walberg got to have enough prepare
what it's called any in the water lady
in the water the Mark Wahlberg one were
where the the earth is trying to kill
everyone
the happening thank you who Thank You
Chad
the happening where were you know like M
night has such a strong I fulfillment
he's really good at visual storytelling
him and you know doling out information
and slow verses but then he feels this
we need like with his first successful
movie to lump in this twist at the end
that'll explain everything and and it
kind of messes up the the beauty of of
the rest of his movie and I think he's
kind of learned his lesson I think
forget all the stuff always his new
movie called chat you're gonna know it
you're gonna say it split you're on it
like split I think was was had that same
bad quality to it where he like it's a
very strong visual story and a really
interesting premise but then at the end
the thing was split though is it's just
a tiny turn just a tiny turd comes out
unlike signs which completely shift back
different levels
I'm sorry that's what it's all about
no split was not bad at all I it got a
little without spoiling without trying
not to spoil there there's that one
moment at the end not the end end but
you know is it a good movie if it
requires a spoiler to be interesting
well I you know me Bert I don't like any
sports in so I'm just trying to save
people who are like me and don't like
any spoilers even even if the movie
doesn't require it like like ant-man
like there's no spoilers to ant-man but
I just like going into movies without
knowing anything personally that's just
that that's a preference there was a
recent Peter Gunn code probably on the
twits term that Peter goes yeah who's
Peter James James Gunn thank you the
Peter Gunz the the old TV show okay
James Gunn was talking yeah the spoiler
ruins your movie they made a bad movie I
can see that I'm fine with that it's my
personal preference to go into a movie
which is where information sure awesome
I could be down with that
split was good james mcavoy is great and
Anya Taylor Thomas is what I want to say
her name is the lady from the which is
fantastic and she needs a there there
should be an Academy Award just for
reaction shots because anytime you cut
to her face it was brilliant and she did
a great job
Anja Taylor joy but uh the point is
splits is mostly really good I liked a
lot of there was one slightly I Rolie
moment near the end but other than that
I thought it was a good one and really
show my fucking archers for me most of
split was spoiled before I self yeah the
the main premise of split was far out
before I saw it and I still enjoyed it
even though I would have looking back I
think I would have enjoyed it more had I
not known this but ya know and I know
glass is supposed to be coming out we
get James McAvoy we get samuel l.jackson
we get Bruce Willis back
I like I'm breaking that's a good that's
a quality break
Oh even on Taylor joy returns in class
oh that's great
she's great I hope she acts forever I
think she's a fantastic actress I'm a
little bit through no how do you know
and the score at the top twenty four oh
no very very sorry
ruin ruined
everything's ruined that's not the
that's not the perfect dance right there
it's a good just dance you still dance
yeah
they're trying to get you to save scum
if you can make it brief slay the level
but fail-safes go but you know what was
I gonna say on a Taylor Joy the her her
mutant horror movie it was maybe she'll
every time New Mutants it's like okay
they were they were gonna turn more they
were gonna make it they were gonna make
a horror movie things rich Evans doesn't
give things rich Evans doesn't give a
shit about it too high it's a horror
movie
it's basically like mutants and their
powers turn it into a horror movie and
it looked interesting but it's possibly
been shelved because of the Disney
New Mutants yes did the merger go
through possibly still me I think it
still needs to be approved by something
or someone and that's too bad because
that actually looked like an interesting
movie like they were going to have some
fun with us on Raw and their movements
but no they didn't they didn't
officially shelled it it things are
things are being considered and you know
like we organized while the merger
happens which many people believe means
that it's being shelved talked about
Steve Ditko's death Steve Ditko died it
was 90 so it's in the area where it's
not shocking and but it's sad and
obviously just a legendary comic yeah
you know what it what else get best
known for creating Squirrel Girl of
course and only that yeah but you know
Nell City create oh good times I don't
know I just don't know right okay
he - thinking you would say spider-man
and I would go what oh and I kept like I
was I was delaying to think of another
really minor okay mister a right
something like that like like he do you
know dumb you know he did an early draft
of Cyclops drum completely wrong though
gave him two eyes
I couldn't I just could not think of
another minor character in time so I
ruined the joke I've heard doing the
original Kirby design for spider-man was
weird
had like a a web gun oh yeah I liked it
OOP at seawalker like that would have
been the perfect answer Gino suave is
like at well you know like a lot of
people know he created Squirrel Girl but
did you know he created Patsy Walker
like that that would have been the
perfect one five minutes ago just edit
that together like I just said
people do like school
yeah
which is a very popular color she
started off as a joke though I mean oh
yeah I mean she's still kind of a joke
but the joke is it now it is it's an
earnest joke
who the fuck is Patsy Walker she's
Hellcats
aka Jessica Jones's friend in Jessica
Jones which is why most people would he
know of her which is why I would have
been a funny joke Steve Ditko most
well-known for making Patsy for creating
Patsy Walker yeah I'm done Kevin Costner
yes rich yeah why do I give a shit about
Kevin Costner I would like I would like
to test a theory do you remember the
first time you saw Robin Hood Prince of
Thieves
I remember seeing it I don't remember
necessarily the first you did you
remember like like did you see it what
was it like having in a theatre you
probably saw it on - did you see ever
see it like on TV did you rent it or
watch it a friend's house no no that I
don't think I've done I think I'm I
think I've just okay okay
so I come home from stream the stream
last week to a very unusual sight yeah
Lisa is sitting on the couch watching
the end of the postman oh yeah why are
you watching the post hysterical it's
right it's so many teenage kids killed
in that movie it just keeps doing it he
doesn't stop getting teenagers till he
gets all the kids killed and I'm just
like why are you watching this movie
it's notoriously bad and she's like oh I
didn't know that but yeah it's really
bad guys she just got done reading the
book not too long ago and was looking
for stuff to look it's based off of oh
my god and she's like she's like oh you
know I never heard of this the postman
movie and and I just got done reading
the book and it was pretty good and I
was wondering how they'd handle some of
the stuff so I thought I'd watch the
movie and oh man it's not it's not a
good movie Tom Petty not in the book
version Wow surprising playing himself
you're famous man and so you know we
it's it's just a weird sight for me to
come home to write like you're watching
the postman why are you watching the
postman which is a terrible terrible
movie it's just pure kevin costner ego
and laziness it's terrible but that gets
me thinking watching the postman created
a sense memory in me and I start telling
Lisa the story of the first time I saw
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
yeah oh you know I'm getting a flashback
to watching Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
it was back when I was living in this
neighborhood we had this house that was
kind of on the tail end of a suburban
community right like the suburbs that we
had a house it wasn't in the suburbs but
like our backyard
touch to the backyard
right okay and so you know there is
there some kids in the suburbs every
play with every once in a while and one
of them was like a heavy-metal kid I
remember he was like I had like you know
black jeans mohawk Metallica t-shirts
like a super heavy metal kid and I
didn't really hang out with him very
much but he was part of the general like
the kids in the suburbs right and the
only time I ever hung out with this
metal kid alone he had me come over to
his house to watch Robin Hood Prince of
Thieves
so I go over to his house and in his
living room and I just remember this
being a comically small living room like
it felt it felt like we were in a galley
kitchen just like a small hallway live
living room right and on his very small
TV watching Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
on VHS right and and like the sense
memory was coming back to me he's just
just clear as day like me being and I
was like and and yeah you know the other
weird thing about this is that was the
only time I ever hung out with that kid
and I don't even think I saw him
afterwards I didn't mean I didn't see
this kid after we saw Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves on his very small TV in his
very small living room right right I
know and I'm telling Lisa the story I'm
just like oh what a weird sense memory
that just came back to me and she looks
at me as if I
she just saw a ghost and she goes okay
so here's something here when I was a
kid there were these holy school kids in
our neighborhood and the only time
ever hung out with them they had me come
over to their house and we watched Robin
Hood Prince eat foods on their very
small TV and I never saw them again
after work and so it was this exact same
situation happening completely separate
from this was you know a decade before
Lisa and I would meet the years before
Lisa neither needs same situation or
same people sit in the same situation
different people in all in all cases and
put the exact same situation the only
time we ever hung out with these kids we
never hang out with was watching Robin
Hood Kentucky that settles it Jack out
Israel it's settled check fate atheists
well no so just it just got us thinking
I mean obviously that was a very popular
movie at the time and you know you have
friends over you're not really sure what
to do you pop on a movie like so it
really does make sense in the context of
things but it was just such a weirdly
specific situation to happen to both of
us
that I wanted to share that with anyone
to see if anyone else had that exact
same situation happened to them and then
maybe maybe it never happened to any of
us and that was like a test that aliens
gave to humans after they abducted them
to cover up their abduction they made it
seem like you watched Robin Hood Prince
of Thieves
and that's what they were using to cover
up their affection and you never saw
this kid again I never saw this kid
again and your wife never saw the people
she never saw those kids again
last time you saw your wife you just
watched Robin with your wife no we wants
to post me okay no run so you didn't you
didn't go to watch Robin Hood after that
or oh no no yeah you can't do it now no
cause if we're dangerous if we want
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves together
we'll never see each other that's
exactly what's going to happen I have no
doubt in my mind exactly yeah I'm Chuck
Fox I'm thinking too implanted memories
from being abducted by aliens and they
did their experiments and then they put
into our heads they grabbed some random
people like oh you know statistically
they'll never hang out with this kid
again this is a popular movie at the
time boom boom boom the postman was not
a decent movie Joey Belladonna that's
true the postman is not a decent movie
in fact it's a very bad music terrible
yeah it's great
I want to say we watch that for a bad
movie night here I wasn't around you
might not have said I think we did but I
laughed hysterically in the theater it's
terrible it's a terrible movie
the postman yeah yeah yeah
thoughts on aliens big universe there
are almost certainly aliens out there
but I I don't necessarily believe that
they're landing on earth with flying
crash yeah I mean III think the the
easiest thing to say is currently there
is no solid evidence that there is maybe
they have maybe the oh yeah I have not
seen any incredible evidence right and
that's it's like you know it'd be neat
if they existed maybe if they were nice
but but there's just no there's no solid
evidence
oh I've never seen water world but I've
seen seen the stunt show at Universal
Studios twice Waterworld is a good movie
I like Waterworld I'm gonna I'm gonna
straight-up defend Waterworld it's you
know what it's it's a bit of schlock but
fun just a fun dumb movie man nice
sci-fi sci-fi II premise I like it I'll
defend Waterworld dry land is not a myth
jack is crazy now I'll defend Waterworld
it's it's dumb fun schlock defending it
tired and Sansa Jack I've started
watching the Fargo TV series seasons 1 &
2 are absolutely perfect and wonderful
season three's villain though is too
omnipotent and powerful for an otherwise
realistic show sure villain 1 in Fargo
knows he's just he's a very competent
villain
there's a villain in Fargo season 3 that
is competent to the point of being
unrealistic I have high standards for
the word omnipotent that mean that word
means something goddamn but well he's a
villain who who has his shit together so
much where you might even call it
omnipotent you know what I'm saying okay
oh you know it's Batman's I've planned
for everything kind of kind of situation
but I mean they're all still I I think
Fargo's I think all three seasons are
very good overall but I would rank them
in order of seasons season 1 is the best
season 2 is pretty good season 3 is
pretty good but not as good as season 1
that's that's how outrank Fargo in my
opinion
that was fun
even McGregor is the best parts of
season three I mean he's a fantastic
actor absolutely absolutely sometimes I
almost feel bad for the orcs except not
really
it's accrued of Dennis from It's Always
Sunny is in the Fargo TV show not Dennis
Mac Mac is in is in the Fargo TV show
he's in season 3 just happened
step right this way
yep key and Peele were in season 1 Oh is
Dennis in season 2
you shame dennis is in season 1 I can
all I don't necessarily remember
but Mack is in season three and he's
great
do you like Fargo because you're from
the Upper Midwest no Fargo the movie and
what you know most of the TV show does
this really has this really great bit
where it blends calm Midwestern living
with hyper violence and that's a
beautiful bit Wisconsin does have the
strange state pride thing though which
makes absolutely no fucking sense to me
I mean Wisconsin this is on the label
for everything we love the state
Wisconsin number one and growing up near
Chicago that that doesn't like Illinois
is the best that does that attitude
doesn't exist there's no like Chicago is
the best or anything like that and
that's really oh I guess you know
growing up here I just assumed every
state had that like yeah the state I
grew up in is the best cuz we do the
best thing
I mean Karen we're talking about this we
look up like I was like the state's I
would like in order like the states at
the most and least amount of state pride
okay Illinois's like near the bottom
okay and Wisconsin cuz it's cuz I'm I'm
used to like no state pride it's
actually somewhere in the middle okay
oh that is really weird to me Ivy I'd
assume like it's just a fuck a place you
live I'd assume New York is like number
one or boss oh no no I'll tell you
what's number one those number Texas oh
you're right
oh I didn't even think about it because
it's such a gene I don't remember what
officially it is but I bet you it was
Texas yep you know you are absolutely
correct that is the correct answer
yeah you know like we especially I think
when you sell like you know where the or
the dairy state right and so like you
that pride just comes in because you're
trying to sell your shit
and say like my state's the number one
we got shit to sell we make the number
one shit buy our shit so I think state
pride comes from a little bit of that
from wanting to hock your wares
for Scottie we're not Minnesota yeah you
know we got cheese we got cheese and
beer and we're very proud of that but
really we're proud of that because we
want you to buy our cheese and beer
which is very tasty
we don't have legal pot yet razorblade
hat I believe I believe that they're
trying to get that on the ballot for
November the ballot I want the ballot of
legalized pot that is exactly what I
said
and yeah you meant it and I meant it
because I guarantee you someone has
written a ballad for legalized pot I
guarantee you those Wisconsin border
Canada a bit yeah the the upper bit of
one of the lakes is up is blocking our
way to Canada but there's a bit of us
that touches Canada yeah
Wisconsin needs marijuana cheese once
you put it that way see you should be
doing the you should be doing the
selling of this ballot initiative
what does Wisconsin think of the Upper
Peninsula the U P as we call it here
bunch of Yoopers that's what we call
them so you called you pers I just call
them people who don't live near here I
don't have a name for it
you pers you've been granted Weaver's
yeah what do they do
I'll show you they're like you
cheerleaders no okay my spine was the
worst kind of stools they sent their
best and brightest to learn from other
majors I got the bottom of the barrel
you're very much jack are the Wisconsin
and niceness stereotypes true you know
we're we're a passive folk is what I'll
say we just you know we don't want to be
bothered we don't want to bother you we
don't want to be bothered yes that's our
thing it's less niceness and we're just
indifferent like you do your own thing
and please don't bother me but I know
I'll go other places and you know like
I'll I'll try to you know like if if I
cross someone and I'm walking on the
sidewalk usually I'll make eye contact
and give a little hey knob which I know
is not usual in other parts like hey I
like I acknowledge other people's
existence on the sidewalk and that's not
usual bruce campbell as the war mage Oh
that'd be perfect with younger bruce
campbell as this guy okay yeah
the the the evil sorceress has she's
used her magic powers to basically
enslave the org so when they were just
kind of random and chaotic and like
groups then with attack here and there
yeah she's got them all organized at
attacking at once okay it's bad news
it's been spamming yeah there's a line
of dialogue that old guy the narrator
says like the sorceress she says she's
trying to teach the order a lesson well
the joke's on her I'm fairly sure my
apprentice is unlearn about that's great
just looking at his picture up there in
the corner yes that is clearly supposed
to be Bruce Camp oh yeah yeah yeah
groovy baby oh the weavers yeah
basically you select one of these and
you can buy upgrades from them and like
the steel Weaver has upgrades laid into
your traps Oh traps generate more money
Guardians you can summon and have your
general health and then or you can go
the other route you have to pick one of
the other Oh
upgrades for yourself stronger weapons
less less mana to cast spells sure yeah
so what which way are you thinking about
going this time this time or this maps
got two different I'm all yours
two different uh points for their attack
from up here and down there or my plan
is to use the the elemental one to buff
myself up okay and then I'm gonna set
traps on for the bottom one and then I'm
gonna spend a lot of time personally
defending the upper level okay
that's the strats that's your magistrate
that's my mad stratum at trap strats yes
I like it
traps are just so cool what a thing if I
know traps are just so cool I'm gonna go
see if there's any water yeah you're
gonna do that you know I'm gonna shoot
you get your trap I'm gonna shoot
spittle on the head
nice
this'll hurt
this'll hurt
yes
I'm heading back to the rift that that
heals my it's why it's why I keep
running back there
find any water
is this a solo streamer is Jack out of
the room I'm out of the room I was
looking for water I couldn't find any
bottles of water usually I'll bring my
own in case there's no platter here who
had years no matter but I found water in
the form of you know cops
why is origin okay I'll look into it
there's lots of games I'll look into
there's too many fucking games we're
probably never gonna play any of these
games you'd recommend no all the time
all the time there's too many games
there's too many games and you know
that's not necessarily a problem because
there's lots of options it's only a
problem when someone wants us to play a
very specific game
you know David II know people I like
sour beer to sour beers is becoming very
fashionable at the moment and I like
sour beer is the new is the new
as far as what beer is info at the
moment one how do you come into play in
justice to write buggin right all right
monster killed all my archers but
fortunately I had the break point so
they revived
okay but play pray and it's DLC
roguelite moon crash yes we'll play all
of the games thank you thank you all of
them and Shadow Warrior and Bulletstorm
and and and and and and I know yeah I
know yeah and any game that you want to
just you know get some enjoyment things
to like I finally got to a different
Island in Witcher 3 and it's a whole
it's a whole new game call it's great
it's fucking great I finally got it got
out of the starting area in which is
really having a great time I definitely
had sex on university with yennefer
I don't know why there was a stuffed
unicorn in universe name and then we had
sex on it so you know it's a thing it's
a thing a thing you hang out with
yennefer this this sorceress and if you
say the right things you get to have sex
with her but then she insists on having
sex on a stuffed unicorn if you say the
right things yeah there's like there's
like you know it was branching you
dialogue choices and as soon as we
started talking I could sense like oh I
bet one of these paths to leave the sex
so of course that's the ocean and it
works so just saying the right things
with no regard for her feelings that's
how you get laid and I see well but I've
listened I've also the whole reason I
was there was to help her with a problem
she was having so not only did I so that
was that was what she what she had to
pay that were you saying you're a man
whore one absolutely - very proud of
that
there is no three because I'm just very
proud of that
oh I'm gonna try to romance both the
ennifer and tris of course I am
and I romance that other blond-haired
which lady even though after sex she
drugged me and left me on the shore of
the beach mildly dumb mildly dumb is to
steal stuff
making it all happen
I mean the whole thing with witchers is
they'll do anything as long as you pay
them usually if anything involves
hunting monsters but
this is not good you invite her to care
morhen I'm night
I don't remember
I'm gonna have my comeuppance if I tried
it if I try to romance Chris I'm gonna
have my cub puppets David II know people
in certain states it is mean one
specific state also other countries are
yeah yeah and what not even in one
specific state in one specific city in
one specific state is naughty it's not
legal in Las Vegas prostitution isn't
legal in Las Vegas it's legal in one
small city outside of Las Vegas
yeah that's why if you go to Vegas you
have to hop on a bus for like three
hours
but they'll they'll let you know in
Vegas come to the farm come to the farm
that's where all the shit goes down come
on Jack respect the witcher's three
handle on a story there are consequences
for all actions I'll find him out it'll
be great I like that game that what's
your game I know you do
oh rich by the way yeah this is my this
might be exciting news for you it was
just announced recently you know noclip
had their Witcher 3 documentary yeah
where they talked about the production
they talked about the project and you
know they talked a little bit about how
they are in charge of gog and now they
are one of their next documentaries is a
full-blown history of gog oh nice yeah
I'm really excited for it so just like
everything gog does how they find older
games how they make them run on modern
systems how they get the rights to stuff
it's gonna be a really neat no
it's it is it's gonna be right
last thing you'll ever see that's great
people are asking if we can turn the FX
volume down again
really that's what they're asking all
right that's what they're asking rich
they're saying the quips are killing
yeah they're great
just that is it yeah just even that like
just down a little bit
witcher 3 is the most recent one yeah
witcher 3 the Wild Hunt I've been having
a great
oh Jesus Christ it's a massacre my
design jack by design and see this is
what I wanted in like a in our in our
shop simulator I wanted to control the
crowd noises that's this is exactly the
kind of thing I was talking about but
instead of like burning the customers
alive it would leave them lead them
right to the sale rack and then they'd
have to like buy stuff off of the
impulse buy sack or whatever
we got here we got emoticon who says hey
guys thank you and everyone else at our
alien for all the hours of entertainment
last we love doors was great loved it
when Jimin : our guests sorry that I
used the prereq stream to gush about our
elem but it stays in the family I
figured area okay I haven't had a chance
to see that wheel yet it's a great one
though though I did see the the hug a
tree survived Canada video yeah Wow so
wasn't the best thing to watch but
good oh the good old wheel the
new-and-improved wheel remember me
playing this level I used the streams
same strategy then really fucking works
oh listen erase this rage
hot potato yeah says think about this a
reskin version of this game but it's
shopping mall and you're one of the
robots slaughtering bargain crazed
shoppers that can be fun and if too many
of the shoppers get to the get to the
cash register at the end you lose money
because the sales are so good
well I think of Gilbert Godfried a very
talented stand-up comedian he's he's a
comedian yeah he is a comedian who stand
up I have enjoyed over the years yeah
what a strange person to reference now I
feel like that's it almost a setup for
something like has he done something bad
recently is it that the coin I've
enjoyed his comedy
yes that's great that's great fun no
well is you know you have a plan you're
enacting your plan and it's working
that's great it's great
Chuck Fox is Jack what was it like
working with Christian Bale like I hear
he can be a little intense for those who
don't know by the way I have finally
made my Christian Bale stars in Batman
the Animated Series as I call that
Batman the Animated Series feature in
Christian Bale be it's never too late
episode
I know I showed it to rich after I was
done with it yeah and and your your
first note which was I think a good note
which was my Christian Bale impression
wasn't over the top enough for the
comedy as an experiment just to see what
TAS would sound like with Christian Bale
yeah it works but it it furred to be a
funny it needs to be every do you go to
Google your brother here's the nuts part
about that rich is that was actually my
third go at it yeah but like be cut
because I felt like I wasn't being crazy
enough and so like that was my third go
go and this is obviously the crazy no
your way it's way too subdued you have
to go nuts well like if I go anymore
nuts people won't know what I'm saying
but will that work for 20 minutes is the
question right why I think it's just be
well okay it doesn't have to work for 20
minutes cuz Patman barely says anything
in that episode I know which is the
great part about it so that's not a
problem and wouldn't get old oh no I
can't speed up the episode Tiberius Kirk
because already like people talk so fast
in those cartoons it was it was I was
struggling just to keep up with Kevin
Connolly just to keep up with the lake
lip-sync I wouldn't worry about the
lip-sync
just make sure Bale sounds like funny
Bale okay lip-sync be damned
okay well I'll do another one and and
and the second one will go super much
yes because it was actually a not even
maybe making it that's just bad I'm
getting less points for that the more
traps they get affected by more
points you get there just winning so
hard so hard good times
Jack wants more copyright checks no I
can't I I uploaded it to YouTube to my
YouTube channel and I've set it to
private and within 30 seconds she's had
a copyright claim on it yeah but at
first Warner Brothers just wanted to
track it like they were okay with it
existing they just wanted to track the
numbers okay no problem but then Warner
Brothers television said that it it
couldn't be shown in they they shut it
down completely
and I did try to dispute it on YouTube
where I said I think this falls under
fair use
I'm making you no criticism of the
performance so I attempted to do a fair
use and within 45 seconds to a minute of
me trying to refute the claim they said
nope doesn't fall under fair use if you
try to refute it again and fail you'll
get a copyright strike
so I uploaded it to Vimeo and it's fine
but the the amount the the thing that
bothered me obviously like some people
have been rightfully pointing out the
irony that I usually do side with
YouTube annotations back and by the way
YouTube is still well within the right
to take that whatever pretty old a long
but I was less commenting on like the
fact that it was a copyright in fact
that it was clearly that were doing it
there was no human involved with my
video games over down which is a little
crappy one for you and one for you
do do I think Vimeo has the potential to
be even half as popular as YouTube not
anytime soon but depends upon entirely
what YouTube does still not anytime soon
YouTube's too ingrained yep not only is
YouTube too ingrained YouTube works too
well it works all the time if you want
YouTube to work on your phone on your TV
on your computer it works right away the
first time you use it from a consumer
standpoint whose region you watch
something on YouTube it works all time
Vimeo they've never been tested like
YouTube is tested fine so
that's why it was crazy
but the you know if YouTube if people
keep getting mad at YouTube obviously
they'll go all the places but YouTube is
to an interesting choice it's too
pervasive it's everywhere
and I mean I think someone else could
get some kind of foothold attention
maybe the YouTube was keeping enough
crit and if YouTube chased off enough
well-liked creators yeah there would be
a niche for videos would there could be
oh they're absolutely good or for twitch
or for Amazon or they're like let's say
Amazon comes up with their own other
YouTube like video service right like oh
there's an area for a lot of things but
I don't think it's gonna happen anytime
soon because YouTube's so ingrained
thanks Cousteau still eerie things for
coming to the stream we appreciate it
the
to YouTube is crazy I was looking up
some stats because I was I was talking
back and forth with some people on
Twitter about YouTube and how they
handled how to handle their business
right the the current YouTube stat is
there is 300 hours of video uploaded to
YouTube every minute yeah 300 hours
every minute and because YouTube is for
the most part generally stable at any
point you can watch some of that video
and it will work 99% of the time and so
YouTube has itself a foothold in a
market that it can't even compete in
YouTube is in the red constant like
Google obviously makes a ton of money
but YouTube as its own entity does not
make any money because of their server
and and debugged cost alone you can do
it right I believe it very well I
believe in you
so we need in order for someone to be a
true competitor with YouTube they need
to have in an insane amount of resource
an insane amount of resources available
to them to have just the server space to
hold that kind of video and to play back
with with efficiency right
7,800 Edda bytes of cat videos alone and
see that's why I I feel like I know my
place in YouTube which is I am easily
replaceable by grandma's cat video any
content creator you are replaced by a
music video
you are replaced by cat videos you are
replaced by the next generation of kids
who are making stuff and don't have to
worry about getting paid yet you be the
creator in the YouTube system is the
link that can be removed and nothing
happens which is why I'm just happy
there is a way I'm happy that there is a
service like you to use condition not
saying that I don't want it to be better
of course I wanted to be better I'm just
trying to be as realistic as possible
in a perfect world there would be some
human on the other end of the copyright
claim going you know what maybe maybe
this isn't agree riches concentrating
don't worry rich isn't listening to me
he's concentrating this is for you
people I'm talking to you there's an
interesting article about YouTube and
it's it's YouTube red or now it's called
YouTube premium their YouTube red
service where if something like if less
than 25% of their viewer base purchased
YouTube red is worth it for no ads and a
guilt free conscience about it Oh first
of all absolutely it is
but if less than 25% or around 25% of
their viewer base purchased YouTube's
bread they wouldn't have to worry about
advertisers oh yeah YouTube with and if
if they had a large enough YouTube bread
user fee base they would actually fight
for content creators because they
wouldn't have to worry about pleasing
advertisers because like that's the
whole reason that they give us shit is
because they don't want to piss off
Warner Brothers because Warner Brothers
is who buys ad right right so that's why
they side with them but if YouTube had a
had a had their money coming in from
their viewers they would side with us
100% of the time because we're creating
content
because that's where their money would
be coming in from
they offer they would still have ads but
they wouldn't be solely beholden to
their advertisers for all of their
income
is what I'm saying and what I'm saying
is they'd be more inclined to take our
side the creators
that's just because I'm Philip overnight
yeah you to a YouTube bread is a decent
amount of money but for as much YouTube
as I watch it's worth it just think
about how much YouTube you watch every
day and you start to realize that it's
incredibly
so it adds pre-experience I really like
it for their music app like it's a great
way to listen to just about any album
you want to listen to on YouTube bread
it's great and it is it's called YouTube
premium now not YouTube bread anymore
it's a worse name YouTube premium yeah
let's dip right this way mr. Roarke
YouTube red though does sound like a
porn site
okay maybe for you it's all yeah
everything's fine
yeah alright
it's fine
there's nothing worth watching and that
puts anymore you are absolutely wrong
there's constantly stuff to watch on
their face constantly putting out
quality quality entertainment that's the
perfect dance right there we got a
little nuts there at the end yeah yeah I
know that levels kind of a bitch you're
welcome twitch Evans I'm glad

[Part II]
that man talks again yeah why aren't you
doing the voice like that I did do the
voice like you're too legible you're far
too legible
I'm throwing more like this cause you're
talking slower know that I did exactly
how I did I'll go I'll go crazy or next
time I'll definitely go crazy or next
time that's the only that's the only
real criticism I have choose one with
Bain oh yes I'll choose one with Bain
and then I'll get to do Peyton's voice
too oh whoa whoa that was actually
really fun one and it's never too late
Batman puts a gas mask on yeah which is
great
watch everything indeed think I'm good
well I'll find a bane episode we'll try
to do it we'll try to do the bane
episode next I'll see if that's a good
one
that little and you know what I also
liked that a little mm-hmm
mall Radko and I think I need more stuff
like that I think I need to add in like
little bat grunts when he's moving here
yeah hey job yeah there is a hidden
Rachel in there too yeah somewhere is
there's got to be an episode with
somebody called you mean an episode with
somebody called Rachel and an episode
with somebody called Martha okay I'll
find I'll find another good episode
absolutely
we'll find another good one and like
luckily I was able to find I was able to
find the standalone soundtrack for the
episode because I don't know if you guys
know this but every single episode of
batman the animated series hasn't it has
a unique score which is one of the
things that makes Batman animated series
so wonderful every single episode has
its own unique score so I was able to
find the standalone score and put you
know underneath and match it up with the
score of the episode and you know they
actually they do something really
interesting I'm sure this is very basic
for people who know but as this is my
first time really paying attention to a
score of Batman the Animated Series they
do this really great thing where every
time Batman talks they kind of like hold
they sustain a note of the score yeah
it's just really settling in the
background and then as soon as he's done
talking the score picks up again but
then when he's talking just like sustain
so you can really take in back you're
gonna long gate a line if you need to as
long as his faces and facing the camera
yeah well I like it when the lips mat
just if can't you just edit Davis if his
head is still kids pretty much just edit
the lips too you're pleasing maybe okay
the problem is that once if you mess it
up too much the soundtrack will get
whale I'm just I'm telling you what it
needs yeah it needs more over the top
Christian Bale I'm with you um if
possible even a little bit of improv
every now and then we just throw in a
random riddle
oh I want know I want to I want to
improv but yeah I'm trying to stick as
close to the original as possible okay
okay I think I think that's where the
joke really shines is just like how good
this episode is with how bad Batman's
voice is yeah I know they are going to
release the entire original series on
blu-ray I'm very excited for this
release there's no official date on it
as soon as it's available I am
purchasing it because it's you know I
would love to see it in crisp I'll take
what I can get
argh Regius fucker I made a I made a
Batman video in which I replace Kevin
Conroy as Batman with Christian Bale's
Batman voice from from his movies and
it's ridiculous because Kevin Conroy
does a great job and Christian Bale does
a stupid Batman voice Christian Bale
does a stupid stupid Batman voice and
it's emphasized by the fact that the
episode is fantastic
I look at that magic dumb boys doing
yeah
the show is just brilliant Batman the
Animated Series is brilliant
well there's and yeah the the the bit
really came up here on stream when we
talked about doing this from months ago
at this point and I never got around to
it until until this week
where did I find this Batman video I had
it on DVD how would the video the actual
video someone hosts the Vimeo link but
it is the entire episode of Batman
animated shows with just the voice of
thank you hack bot
should not have liner on ball man I bet
they're like oh shit
whoa fuck that was waveone dank chains
yes my kids loved the original show we
only have season 1 on DVD yeah but they
loved it
it's a frente it's a fantastic show
have I've got them all it tells you how
I feel about this show it's a fantastic
show ever like I think I defended a bad
man it's the definitive Batman
absolutely every like and you know going
through going through it you know like
frame by frame and and sound by sound
the care that they put into all the
little details and you know going
through how little that man actually
says and it's just all it's all his
presence and the world and how long did
it take to dub I did it in two days but
really only it only took a few hours
because Padmaja doesn't say very much I
did it dub and then I found all the
replacement sounds
when there's no music I had to kind of
clone room tone from earlier in the
scene and Duncan under my battlements
and then if there was a score playing I
had to find the original score with no
voice over and put it underneath what I
was saying and then I redid my my vocal
lines a few times try to make it more
word it goes not getting really hits
enough but so I mean the whole process
maybe took six hours it was not it was
not very offensive
deck can you tell rich that the swinging
ball and tar traps in tandem ROP I know
that I don't have them yet okay
lyza bubble boat night wines you to know
that okay oh you don't have okay I just
don't have them yet okay there you go
doctor did you know did you know Mario
can jump I'm being an asshole now I
apologize no words I've been struggling
with that game for years yeah that was a
dickhead movers I know I know I feel a
little bit guilty doctor chugs but mud
yes we know about noclip making a
standalone GOG documentary damn it about
I am NOT on my a-game well you know how
it works is dreaming yeah you got to
talk and play at the same time you got
me gibbering in your ear lot of camera
lot of gibberish a lot of Jim and I'm
very sorry about that but also not
hyper starts sours same things
and done
crispy-fried man says rich it's been a
while since you played classic doom on
stream and I miss it
I've been playing a mod called gun
caster 3.0 and it's stupid crazy amounts
of fun I highly recommend you play it on
stream sometime okay gun caster is
demonic you're okay you know that dr.
Chuck but mud yes I actually a mutant
Year Zero is on my Steam wish list as
it's not out yet that's what that's what
my wish list mostly is his games that
aren't out yet that I think I want later
arts it looks like it looks like XCOM
meets howard the duck mutant Year Zero
I'm looking for the Phoenix plant you're
saying me dammit that's from the creator
of the original
Oh Sonic
while Ratko Batman Beyond did have a
great mr. creavy
yeah Batman Beyond I think was a good
show
the same craters right Batman
TAS it was a sequel to Batman the
Animated Series Kevin Conroy was still
old Batman
what's-her-name came back as Batgirl
right Barbara Gordon what is her name
fat girls boys actress I don't know the
voice actors named her strong does
everything was a her just cuz she does
everything I need style great I really
enjoyed the the the him joining up with
the new Justice League episode figuring
out the Superman thing is great
our Batman and Catwoman still married in
the future beefcake they're still not
married in the future yes Batman and
Catwoman are always not married
comically not yes why did you put him up
so high episode yes trigger TK that's
when Batman first speaks Batman is
character a few words in that show yes
he's a man of actions one of the things
that's so amazing about the animated
series is you understand everything you
need to know about Batman without him
saying anything just his presence alone
and how people reacts to Batman is all
you need to know about Batman it's
amazing
Batman is a detective always Batman is
always a detective
detective that's what makes him so cool
he's a detective and what are they in
called the detective ninja yeah they
never came up with the name Batman they
never got that they just did you start
calling the second detective ninja
police force yes I love it they need to
make a real Batman
when you click adventure I think they
did some not terrible things with Arkham
Knight and his detective being some of
the some of the detective Sypek feel
really neat yeah I like that
I mean it's stuff we've seen you know
and a lot of other games but you know
you stumble across something they
usually detect a vision you follow Clues
you know they did some neat stuff with
Arkham Knight I'm sure with the other
games too but I just didn't play many of
them I know in Arkham Asylum a lot of
the detective inge would just follow the
trail yeah yeah well it didn't feel very
organic but an Arkham Knight it felt
very organic the detective being it's
never fun the detectiving yeah you know
which came to the best the one everyone
hates city no origin origins the origins
is the one other origin says good
detective ings
it's that great gameplay a minute but
you're analyzing crime scenes at some
point in that game you didn't I hate
detective visions detective vision is a
little cheap and I probably made some
jokes about detective vision because
it's a little cheap but I get it I think
I sighs probably said similar things in
like horizon zero dawn which as you use
your focus or even the witcher which as
you use your Witcher sense which is that
I think a lot of it would be more fun
gameplay wise if you didn't use that and
like there were just natural signs that
you needed to follow and I suppose
really you could just follow them yeah I
don't know if any of the games forces
you to use anything tonight I actually
don't know but force you to what use
your detective vision
I'm sure the green elsewhere
tattletale me
yeah that's right witcher 3 has some
natural signs but a lot of times you're
following smells or something not
visible unless you use your detective
and you know I get it you need you need
some way to look at that point you've
become an adventurer right which by the
way I'd be like be a little ok with that
like let me be an adventure game alright
let me be a detective like that's a part
of the character that I like and
obviously you need some ways to
visualize these powers you need to be
you know a better than average detective
you need some way to gamifying
visualizes the tech division isn't the
worse way to do that it's just a little
cheesy there's a point-and-click
adventure game based on Batman Returns a
das point-and-click adventure bullshit
bullshit game he was still frozen double
bullshit
I looked it up we'll see if it's on GOG
have you played through the tell-tale
Batman series it's linear but has pretty
good expression of Batman detective I
played the first one
the Batman telltale games was like you
could play like the first mission for
free on iPad I've never actually played
a telltale game oh it can't be possibly
as bad as I think it's going to be and
it was I know you hated it it was just
as bad as I thought it was going to be
it was terrible it was just terrible
the tell-tale Batman bit that I played I
didn't feel like I was having any fun or
doing anything besides pressing the
button when they told me to press the
button I have the point-and-click Batman
game saved so we can play it on streem
yes
a beer corn says telltale glint games
are like classic point-and-click
adventures but with even less gameplay
what do I know so far Knowles all
working together
creepy voice talking in my head yeah
yeah like a telltale game is just it's
just a emotion comic book and every once
in a while you need to press the button
never gets old Jack no
boy
hey guys rich question this is captain
president what's their go-to weapon
loadout in banquet the heavy machine gun
I love the bank was just freakin shotgun
man the basics pretty much what else
good you know what the saw blade gun is
fun you can cut off limbs okay maybe
this is a fun shot gun like a heavy
machine gun and though the saw blade
that's that's what I'm going with
Jack as a clown what do you think about
magicians that perform magic tricks as a
clown what do I think about magicians
that perform magic tricks well I think a
magician that doesn't perform any magic
tricks is a really bad magician uh-huh
number one number two magic tricks are a
great way to entertain children and as a
clown I employed a couple simple magic
fairies in my own team and I think it's
great
some simple dumb magic tips are a great
way to entertain children I think I've
said this on stream I've been I've been
very purposefully carrying a quarter
with me everywhere as a fidget
replacement so anytime I feel the urge
to fidget
I've been practicing making a quarter
disappear and I've been getting pretty
good at it you know the classic you know
you put it put the quarter in your hand
you then you put it in this hand but
it's gone then you make it coming back
from behind their ear in a fight between
a clown and the magician who would win
where the hell it depends who has the
biggest prop clowns probably carry more
props with them
Jack knows magic I'm probably gonna
choke because I'm doing it on camera
of course because that's how it works
but you know I don't know what you guys
can see the quarter here right and as
you can see this hand is wide open I
don't know if you could even see him
it's a real it's a really good day good
night it's a really good use of the
fidget you try to hold the coin in
between in this area in between your
thumb and your hands so that way you can
open up your fingers because that's
where everyone looks your fingers right
I want to make sure you know you're not
like cupping and even if you can like
kind of flare out your thumb a little
bit like this or holding it like that
it's great it's a great trick use open
great for the kids wait alright alright
nice recovery did you almost fail I
almost got that died at noon mmm I
clutched it out jack is that all
captain president says hey guys rich
what nope we already asked that Vanquish
oh yeah
how about game four quarters who says
hey guys have you here's the
announcements about the new Robocop have
I hears it
Ivan hears it apparently it's a
reworking of the original sequel script
with Neill Blomkamp director ignoring
all other sequels and reboots I don't
know man I've heard the original script
was pretty bad ship dude if he didn't
Frank Miller make it into a wildly crazy
comic book did it right but I wrote it
oh yeah I did hear that news I think
Neill Blomkamp is has the potential let
me choose my words carefully Neill
Blomkamp has the potential to be an
incredibly talented director
and it is really really can be really
good but has also made Stormcrow penguin
says Robocop
you have to stop the ninja game they're
peddling a new drug called stats that's
exactly what the top versus no wait we
already had that Robocop person injured
isn't that Robocop 3 Robocop vs. ninjas
Blomkamp can be very good in interesting
whether he will be is a whole other
story nothing but potential there is
what I see which is a very polite
he was interesting exactly one time I
think there's some good in Elysium
Elysium however I think there's some
good in there it had some fun ideas a
little a little ham-fisted with the
social commentary a little on the nose
but I think there was there was some
interesting bits so I'm gonna say one
and a half for Blomkamp one and a half
interesting factors as far as his movies
go
oh yeah go then see if I can
Jack I'm currently coloring the newest
issue of Nightwing for DC Comics oh my
god and just watched your animated
series Christian Bale video it's great
putting that shit up on Twitter put it
up congratulations on your coloring job
I've heard good things about Nightwing
the comic oh yeah it's supposed to be
you know very it would probably be a
story I like in a very Spider Man very
underdog and I like that that's why I
really liked that's what I really liked
about Batgirl of Belleville when they
kind of revamped Batgirl is they took
away all of her gadgets and you know she
distanced herself from Batman well
Batman at the time was Commissioner
Gordon Ennis in a robot suit so she was
distancing herself from Batman comic
books don't worry about it but you know
like it was just basically her starting
fresh as Batgirl with nothing but her
talents and I thought there were some
good issues in there bat the Batgirl of
Belleville an interesting choice
yeah I've heard good things about
Nightwing I don't you know he operates
at night and has a wing he has at least
one wing we know their minimum one wing
we know that for sure he's not called my
wings that's such a comedy angle just
like that flat wide over the head
you know I've never seen any of Blomkamp
shorts
I really should watch as long as one of
these days I hear their glass thing
started those likey that short series
the short sci-fi stuff supposed to be
good informations
that's great Lloyd beat slow beats is
giving us a binding of issac for souls
Kickstarter update currently at one
point 1 million dollars with 15 days
remaining it looks fantastic it looks
like it's gonna be a great game
a little bit of deck-building a lot of
Isaac a lot of crazy powerup stuff looks
very
that girl is with Alma nove was taken
from the TV show wasn't Batgirl created
for the the 60s Batman yep
I suppose the bad woman who is different
Erica right which might be confusion
there sure much like much like Harley
didn't he was a creation of Batman the
Animated Series right can't have too
many mergers it's impossible to have too
many archers and any sort of ranged
weapon that's that cereal that's your
bread and butter in any sort of tower
defense game yeah the further away my
weapon can be from the bad guy the
better and still be effective of course
that woman did briefly have a sidekick
named Batgirl but an unrelated character
oh really
from from 20 years prior parent lets it
know every day there you go
chaos damn straight damn
utter chaos was bat woman's bat girl
Cassandra came isn't that woman like a
vampire or something
what is bat woman's deal I don't know
what's going on in the comics friends do
you know anything about that woman
because I do not I only know that she's
a lesbian so you okay so there's at
least one gay kiss there's at least one
gay kiss okay so it's got to be good
then it's gotta be good by the scale of
gay kisses we know things are happening
that's great
I hear gay I hear the value of day
kisses has been on a steady decline in
the past men I I think that's just a
market correction like we we want to
make sure that we're not over inflating
the game kicks as to lose any value so I
think that's just natural herbs and
flows Chuck Fox I wouldn't worry about
that
and they realized that was the last damn
wave go you did it I did hmm an accident
Maul wants to know when J is coming next
which is whenever he feels like it
and to says if they gave you enough
money to hire developers and make any
game you want what would that game be
like I won't steal your ideas I don't
first of all steal our ideas we're not
making games we're just over here just
steal them take him make them good make
them good man
you know we've talked about this a few
times I still think a game that I would
like to see being made is something that
I used to do for work which is I used to
work as a dispatcher and it was my job
to organize delivery drivers and so my
delivery drivers would have to pick up a
package here drop it off there and part
of my job was making sure that my
delivery drivers were happy enough
making enough money to keep working for
me but also didn't have too many things
to deliver where they would be late and
so part of the fun gamification of
organizing my delivery drivers was
finding that route where oh you have to
pick it up in the city if then you can
pick up this package drop-off package a
then you go here drop a package B and
then when you drop off package B you'll
be right near package C which will take
you here later here you see I always
thought that could be a very fun
especially like a mobile game touch
controls you know draw map out the
driver the driver path a little bit of
like get a little personality for your
drivers you know kind of like a randomly
generated personnel
some drivers when they like more and you
want to work with you more but maybe
that maybe they're bad drivers
that could be neat
how did I talk to the drivers through a
walkie-talkie
no no he called them I don't know if it
would make a good but I always like I
said that was for for the time that I
had the job at least I that was the part
of my job that I enjoyed for me was you
know trying to make that call like we
had one driver who lived way up north
and there was there was one there was
one package that started way up north
and had to be delivered to downtown
Warren and if that was the only package
to be delivered that drivers wasn't
making a lot of money and it was really
important to us as a company to have
that one specific package delivered
because it was you know one of those
like you know daily routes kind of
situation and so making sure that that
driver was really happy and you know
making you know saving some other
deliveries in that area just for that
driver to say hey do this and this and
this and this on the way down kind of
that doesn't manage
of rallies with really
but I think
why didn't the drivers get hourly pay
because capitalism ho all of our drivers
were private contractors so we didn't
have to pay them health insurance I was
also just a lackey I wasn't in charge of
that decision so a treat for you but
that was pure and simple capitalism my
friends I got paid by the delivery a
treat for you
nice I see what you're doing there rich
and I like it it's crazy jack you don't
even know you you don't even know so
shut up right now I'm saying you did a
good job I'm saying I like what you're
doing there you're doing a good job
why does America hate its workers
there's a lot money
I think that's every country and it's
because people want more money people
like me and people are
oh god I don't have that appertain jeast
oh my oh my oh oh crap my crap was
missing a very key component there
Shawn Simonis says not exactly the same
thing but related to Prince of Thieves
earlier I was talking about Robin Hood
Prince of Thieves I thought I had made
up the action figures because no one
knew what I was talking about when I
described some of them are repurposed a
lot figures when I described playing
with them as a kid as at the
babysitter's house Friar Tuck was a
gomorian guard with a different head
slapped onto it really yeah that's great
it is great that's great
I do not remember Robin Hood Prince at
these action figures but I absolutely
believe they exist what a strange movie
Robin Hood Prince of Thieves
what a strange stranger
they got very close they're rich yes I
know they did big very very close this
is a very hard line I think it might be
the hardest level in the game okay my
opinion my worthless opinion
I think the action figure I played with
the most as a kid was probably probably
nice I think for most of my friends it
was it was probably she man toys but for
those parents you man for you know for
my friends my friend by a lot of my
friends played with him in your friend a
little bit older um probably I say
friends like my older cousins maybe
because because of our age difference
yeah have it assumed you missed out on
he men I did I didn't care about you man
at all but your friends who are your age
did or maybe they got their toys from
there I mean they cared about the toys I
don't remember ever watching the show
but they definitely had toys they had
he-man toys okay
so can't afford that allergies
I don't think anybody's gotten through
you mentioned there's a lot of good
stuff to watch on Netflix any
recommendations new season of
unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is out which
is great I just got done watching and
loving the losting space reboot which is
fan-fucking-tastic just absolutely
fantastic colossal space feel about if
you haven't seen it yet watch dark edge
engine which is a German sci-fi whoa
show they came very close
dark is very good American vandal that's
a great one thing to chat American
vandal which is a mock true crime
documentary and just perfect just
absolutely perfect
I can afford death for to be a bit more
safe there's a lot of really good things
I think actually this is the this is the
mace and tar trap set up yeah I was
talking about that is very effective
especially with your little wall cavern
there the medium enemies aren't gonna
get through yeah it's gonna kill all
little ones are fast enough that some of
them are gonna sneak through okay and
the big odors can tank it sure
but against these guys is safe they see
one one got through but I had on right
firepit there I think the first two
seasons of broadchurch are on Netflix if
you if you like detective shows
broadchurch is very good
yeah stranger things of course I assume
everyone knows
stranger things cited me does it have to
be a Netflix exclusive no rewatching
it's old oldest fuck now I'm kind of
shocked howl it is Ken Burns Civil War
oh yeah the Ken Burns document all that
is so good he's a fine filmmaker yeah
yes absolutely I will absolutely be
watching that a new doctor who now that
they have a new showrunner I will be
there episode 1 very excited that they
have a new showrunner the the showrunner
who old what's-his-face got the boot old
what's-his-face got the boot and
actually the guy who was in charge of
broadchurch which was a show I very much
enjoy is the new show handsome so yeah
I'm very excited when it comes out when
I'm very I am I'm onboard new doctor new
people in charge I'm there oh yeah the
first couple seasons of the expanse are
in Netflix so if you want to catch up
without having cable watch the first
couple seasons of expanse that's a
fantastic show
be prepared for some slightly I think
I've always described it as slightly
cheesy characters or some
one-dimensional so like stop characters
who stock sci-fi characters but the
story or the expanse is so engaging that
highly recommend
ah gobbledygook I didn't much care for
altered carbon be perfect today did it
rich
I know I know that was not easy though I
agreed to arc matter Moffat wrote some
amazing episode while Russell T Davies
was showrunner but I just don't think
that I think once Moffat had ultimate
control over everything that was that he
started making really dumb decisions I
didn't much care for alpha : did you
want to alter carpet at all no no III
didn't I didn't get into it that much it
seemed like it could be a really
interesting premise in world but I
really did not I didn't get into it I
didn't like it had some really neat
ideas altered carbon yeah yeah I saw
this it was very um a host the one we
want was the one who left and best of
the works really stuck out and from from
the from the body and leave your body
and cold still remember best of the
worst movie that was oh it was a
hologram man right hologram yeah that's
it
it's very hologram it sounds like such a
war movie think I was trying to take
about horror movies but no that was that
was a future cop movie where they suck
out your soul buddy
as all recovered is very much like that
where they can kind of like copy your
brain and they can put your brain in
different bodies can you undo you them
too late to select my things I should
have brought the wind belt or a lava pit
down here yep
fuck fuck fuck some of the case it was
very much like hologram man where they
can like make a copy of your brain and
then put it in any body you want and it
had some neat kind of like classes ideas
about like you know the rich people
getting all the good bodies and not
having to worry about diseases or
whatever that would be so effective
right now
yeah you could kill all those people
but it was it was bad
not to be confused with Slade Craven
right
he wasn't Slade Craven because that was
the guy from high velocity what was his
name what was the bad guy's name
in hologram man
/ Gallagher yes mr. tummy giggles you've
got it / Gallagher how much older mind
than Jack five years sure about yeah
yeah yeah which enough old enough for me
to have he-men be a part of my life and
to be shocked that you had friends your
age or just the toys well that's the
thing like now at this point in our life
five years nothing no no yeah but yeah
but when you're a kid it makes a big
difference in the shows that you watch
yeah or the things that you are into
like you're you're super into GI Joe you
said you really liked Transformers
he-man that kind of stuff and that was
just a little bit before my time GI Joe
was so long lived one of my thing I am a
millennial I'm absolutely a millennial
but that's the thing like people people
throw around the term millennial like
it's a negative thing but like there's a
ton of us Millennials who are in our you
know mid 30s to 40s
Millennials are our fuckin adults and
also adults
no that's good enough that's good now I
like that
until later I suppose
you will be back
trout nine cases hijack hi rich Jack how
about that binding of issac Kickstarter
you very excited about it rich
desert island game XCOM to enemy unknown
or XCOM - that's what they were asking
yeah XM - I like them balls x times
better okay
you think you can replay X down two more
yeah as far as especially cuz the
fucking randomized maps oh sure sure I
think that's good yeah that's the really
the most important thing with any desert
island game just like how much play time
can I get out of this
howdy gents says Dexter sinister just
finished we are legion we are Bob which
I now have downloaded as an audio book
yeah I'm very excited to listen to it
it's good I haven't got a reason if it
were to be adapted who would like who
would you like to see cast is Bob which
I have to get to you dream can't is like
will say lifetime dream casting and in
current dream casting well I did you
think about it I'm I can't I can't do
this in that I can't I can't do it
someone show me and a comedian someone
chubby and a kid but not wacky chubby a
comedian but not necessarily wacky yeah
Kenan Thompson I don't know names you'll
have the name like a part I know and I
don't know anything he's a longtime cast
member on SNL louis c.k now to brough
someone like Horatio Sanz you need like
a fat computer nerd someone who can do
computer nerd
hmm okay yeah everyone now is saying
Wayne Knight which yes
so like Patton Oswalt
maybe yeah
the role he was born to play computers
excellent doctor truck but mud yes this
I think I think a lot of people will
initially be turned off by the expanse
because you know characters are a little
stock maybe a little cheesy but if you
can stick it past the first couple of
episodes the story will hook you I
guarantee it
I'm glad you enjoyed it dr. Wayne Knight
is still alive yes
yes and all the space stuff is gorgeous
in the expanse I love every time they
get into like ship maneuvering stuff
because they do they do it so well it
reminds me a lot of the Battlestar
Galactica reboot when like piloting in
space was this three dimensional thing
and and I think the expanse does an
amazing job of like just dealing with
the realities of three-dimensional space
piloting and extreme G's and you know
doping people on the ships when they're
doing these awesome maneuvers and
magnetic boots whenever you're walking
around it's just great fucking great
everything about
yeah that Orca said now yes let's see
here greetings bran flakes is greetings
I'm reading Watchmen for the first time
and I'm wondering how it ranks among
your favorite graphic novels it's up
there it's not really up there I don't
have I don't have a 1 to 10 list
uh-huh but it's up there right with
preacher they're entirely different
things
but I I can only agree is it's up there
it's a fantastic it's a fantastic book
The Watchmen just a just a fantastic
book it's it's one of it's like it's
part of only a handful of graphic novels
that I've actually specifically and
purpose for his rereading over the years
where you just want to put through every
every time I've reread the Watchmen I've
noticed some detail in the art yeah that
I didn't notice before like there are so
many hidden smiley faces like just a
pattern to the clouds with like a you
see through a window with a streak of
rain going down that it's the smiley
face with a blood drop basically the
watchman is just fucking littered with
with just visual repetitions yeah
it's it's fucking great it's it's a
fucking great book like as far as like
graphic novels that I have reread over
the years mm-hmm and you know I wouldn't
even these other two like I wouldn't
even put up there but like the the
Johnny the homicidal maniac complete
collection is something that I loved
when I was like getting into comics and
I have the the complete collection of
Johnny the homicidal maniac which i
think is fantastic and scud the
disposable assassin the the whole
shebang now and neither of those are
classics like what the Watchmen is a
classic those are just three books that
I've read
over the years
yeah hold him invest is that that Johnny
the homicidal maniac that might have
been my like my intro in my introduction
to like indie comics yeah whereas like
you can do this in comic books what you
can do whatever you want all the time a
little present for you one for you wait
a minute
yeah listen back in the day like when
invader zim I remember back in the day
when invader zim was was just like
speculation that it was going to be a
real TV show and everyone at least up
amongst my group of friends going ape
shit because the Johnny the homicidal
maniac guy was getting a nickle of 1813
that's right Scott the homicidal maniac
from Milwaukee's own Rob from
if you if you can't find it I don't know
what it's probably on YouTube somewhere
but if you want to see a really fun
piece of work Rob Straub did a video
short called robot bastard and it's just
this little like DIY crafts video short
and it's it's really fantastic really
one of those like imagination is bigger
than your budget and so you kind of use
your small budget to your advantage if
you have if you have a moment go look up
robot fast
oh yeah no the fuck bot was not inspired
by robot bastard and I no longer have
the fuck pod costume as it was made of
cardboard was not built to last
what are you saying I am quite frankly
shocked it lasted as long as it did yeah
it was it was quite literally two
cardboard boxes covered with aluminum
foil that's it that's the whole costume
it was built for a 48 hour film project
yes what you build
you know props for that to last that's
what you're thinking I think we're gonna
shoot with this every week so no the
fuck pod is no more we have a little
scrapper
let's see here a nun says hey you hacks
thanks for playing this game it was one
of the first games I bought on my Steam
account right behind torchlight 2 in the
sixth grade I had a question on how did
you find your career pathway that you
love doing I graduated high school and
I'm lost
rich yeah how'd you find your career
pathway I met Mike in high school there
you go
yeah and I was a bit of a bull Shh what
the hell is that
exploding cobalt suicide cobalt oh I was
a bit of an aimless you die I I did not
choose a direction yeah I got the one of
us this The Weavers that led you upgrade
things yeah the trap path yeah one of
them involves state physics traps effect
odors that was yeah yeah that's great so
I was a bit of an aimless youth a I
didn't quite know the direction I wanted
to go right out of high school or I mean
four years after it to be honest but
really it was just kind of the stuff I
was doing an opportunity knocks so I was
I was already making videos and I was
making dumb videos and because I kept
making them eventually the opportunity
came up to make one for money and then
you know oh my god I can make money off
of this I can do this for money but I
was already dude look watch them fly
around it's the big ones are what is so
funny
but I mean you know a lot of my life
listen a very short amount of my life I
have been making money with the thing
that I like doing yeah all the rest of
it all the rest of my working time we've
talked about it like I was a dispatcher
I was a butcher I managed a storage
facility listen I like I did not have
glamorous jobs worn many hats yes and
sometimes that's what it takes it what's
that oh and then they all attack ya and
then it blows up oh that's great that
you know that is that's a good concept
out there so I having a little bit of
fun that's someone having a little bit
of fun I think that's great
which entertaining is less entertained
watch this ruse lay the spire God your
taste of game sucks dude
and you know what we're talking about
shit is fun you're getting you know what
you're getting here you guys are getting
A+ grade Orcs Must Die strats you are
you can watch rich Evans and get all the
mad strats and you're not appreciative
of that fuck off
get the get those strats man get them so
okay so you're just out of high school a
friend who wants to know about career
paths you number one you got to work
because you need money to like buy food
and like pay for a place to live so you
just get any job and then if you're not
happy with that job you need to start
finding that thing you like and
sometimes the best way to do it is just
to find another job keep hitting the
pavement and if you're lucky enough if
you're like us lucky few you can turn
that thing that you like doing into a
job but then of course you stop really
enjoying it for the passion and it turns
into a job but that's a whole nother
level so don't worry about that but no I
think I was incredibly incredibly lucky
but also I was doing the thing I was
making videos and I was having fun and
then because I was making videos someone
said hey I'll give you money to make a
video oh oh shit yeah I'll do that and
then that lets steam rolled into some
good opportunities so the orcs are
dancing to this woman's thing that makes
York's debt I heard Star Wars commentary
videos are very lucrative that's the way
to do it well probably not anymore I
don't know just you got to fight you got
to find the next thing what's gonna be
the next thing commentary videos I don't
know decisive
beer corn says Jack was right except for
turning what I loved into career I
eventually found a job that I loved
doing and stuck with that until it
became a career good time
I mean it we're saying the same thing
which was just you know sometimes
unfortunately sometimes the best way to
figure out what you do like is by
crossing off the things you don't like
Clark
yaagh one this is Jack Witcher 3 skill
yuge is okay but to Saints is amazing
also hearts of stone is best Witcher 3
story by farm and I don't know if I've
gotten that far look I'm I'm an
incredibly slow gamer I'm really
enjoying the witcher 3 so I'm really
taking my time I'm barely fucking around
with the main story I'm doing all the
side missions I don't know many of the
words you were talking about the the the
fake town names in Witcher 3 the board
armor
that's why that's been my my great
personal game just like the game that
I'm playing and for Christ's sake don't
go to college just to kill time I mean
unless you have that kind of disposable
income I don't know many people who do
yeah you know some people find out what
they want to do in college some people
don't don't feel pressured to go to
college because it's very expensive and
it doesn't work out for everyone I went
to a cheap-ass college I went to the
cheap-ass college that I could afford
and ended up not finishing it because I
was having a bad time
but you know it wasn't going to teach me
anything I want to smile but it does
work for some people some people find
out the thing they want to do and I
there's no good advice I can give you I
can just keep talking which is my career
path now just keep talking
that's the thing encephalopathy if you
only benefit to expensive colleges the
networking that's I think for from
everyone I know who is successful you'll
be back and who went to college that is
the one big takeaway I have which is the
reason that they are currently in the
position they are in is not because of
what they learned in college but who
they met in college yeah almost 100
percent of all of the very successful
people I know that's where their success
came who they met
because it's a great place to meet
people with life
and I'm not saying that as a negative
either I'm trying to get legitimate
advice which is you know make friends
and be part of clubs and to do group
activities where you can contribute and
be part of a team and then later if one
person on that team gets successful
they'll remember everyone who is helpful
on the team oh hey I'm successful now
and that can bring you with you know
I'll get you I get you a foot in the
door and that's how it works
or as Beefcake posted step 1 go to film
school step 2
film your cat step 3 profit film your
cat film your cat I'm sure there are
several that's the most important thing
you till your camp I'm sure there are
several successful YouTube personalities
who only film that grumpy cat that's
like eating him do anything with his
daddy because his catches looks funny he
just took a picture of his cat yeah I
know compared to like keyboard cats
right he made a little fun little shirt
make some hands oh he did a little funky
can't just look that cat was born into
it
cat was born yeah he didn't earn it of
grumpy cat yeah I know I can understand
if you want to be resentful about grumpy
cat
well grumpy cats a cat so I'm not
resentful of the cat and you know I'm
happy for the owner of grumpy cat they
found a way to win they got a dice roll
and they won that dice roll
congratulations
grumpy jet has actually it has book
deals grumpy cat had a movie
grumpy cat went legit like I'm sure at
one point grumpy cat's owner got an
agent good good for you
they were hustling they got it
I jump in and help I'm getting and
getting more money it's letting the
traps hey you're just there as your
there is insurance where there is
backups just impress you takes amazing
fucking combo scores
this is them killing it jack yeah I'm
killing it that's great that's great
captain president says Jack as a clown
what group of people are your natural
enemies mimes magicians clergy yes I'd
say the clergy for sure i clergy aren't
our natural enemies because clergies see
clowns as a gateway like you know the
Christian clown and get the kids into
the pews right yeah and that's what it's
all about
now the clown's worst enemy is the is
the sourpuss if it is the grump as' who
doesn't want to have any rich rich Evans
so good the grunt the clown's natural
enemies rich Evans 100% because rich
Evans is not there to have a good time
not there to have any fun no and it's
not gonna is gonna call the clown out on
all his own bullshit that the clown's
just doing that you entertain the
children rich Evans gonna go that's fake
the club bullshit that's fake we're thus
unaware that the rabbit was in the Hat
the whole time dickhead and he'll say
that in front of a group of children
which will make the clown's job children
too so yeah
that's why your say that's why you've
come to this children's birthday party
just to yell at the clown and the
children and mine in my mom my scenario
you're crashing a child's birthday party
just to yell it over
also a lot of a lotta jakk you're a
clown eccentric questions today I don't
know why that is clown related news I
have no I I don't remember hearing any
sound related news I'm on all the
newsletters too so I said the clown news
let all the clown newsletters all the
good ones I mean listen everyone stop
subscribing to to clown daily as soon as
new management took over became too
political everyone some subscribed all
the good clown inside it so I haven't
heard anything big
killing it nobody gets hurt fucking
autopilot now it's done
is that the downside of the of the third
person action mechanics is eventually
you get so good at the other stuff that
you don't need to do anything
no that's reverted actually okay but
this this level is kind of easy once you
once you get this set up this level
becomes easy okay but there are other
levels coming up that aren't aren't such
a gimme sure
Prague nation says hey guys I've been
playing guitar cried fun and I've been
really enjoying it I feel like it's
definitely the kind of game you both
would enjoy keep up the good work and
great job on the Christian Bale Batman
Thank You Craig nation and I don't even
remember far cry 5 what was that one I
don't know what that was shangri-la yeah
far cries far cry - but that will be
like China and shangri-la was the
gimmicky five oh yeah yeah oh if I
remember right all over all I know it
could be thinking a forum the 11th one
the only far cry I know is is the Blood
Dragon the crazy 80 oh that's yeah the
rest of them aren't really that much
like that oh okay fire crime is America
okay
I'm Lena polar then oh good and I mean I
might ever party it's a first-person
shooter right yep I might like it I
remember I I just I don't remember much
about it it didn't look crazy
interesting to me
famous originally just for its engine
which did amazing large outdoor jungle
areas well okay the krycek-- yeah yeah I
know things so it was famous for that
and then they made a game around it they
needed something to show off the engine
dr. Louvre it up says hey Jack hey rich
I did a bit of research and found out
that mr. Wiggles has had a wheel the
worst reference yeah is still doing his
dancing man thing however his current
site is wig Z dot fizz WI G is EEE that
is if you ever want to look at some
stellar web design check out his old
site on archived on over it's pretty
amazing
ok great I mean good good good for you
mr. wiggle what was mr. Wiggles young
episode he's a street dancer ok who had
to put out a video he filmed on a VHS
tape in front of the table huh sounds
great sounds great
go to work up coming up I didn't watch
the episode this is me yeah I felt bad
but you know the Canadians were innocent
ants and it's a wheel episode and I'll
get to it I'll get you know you know
what I was watching instead but I could
have watched it or I could have watched
the first two episodes of The Venture
Brothers oh I saw the first term says
yeah yeah you hated it all right I got
it
here's what i'm here's what i'm gonna
guess okay here's here's exactly what
I'm gonna guess because the ventures I
mean this came out in what two thousand
and something like 14 years ago 2003
yeah yeah this came out a long time ago
right
yeah and so uh what I'm what I'm sure of
is in 2003 this was like cutting-edge
coming
well you're watching not the best
episodes right all right before you give
it up but it's it's also it's also like
- I wanna I'm not saying it's bad I'm
just saying it didn't do it for me it's
also a joke that at this point in time
has been done a lot right
what's the episode chat with the pirates
what's that one called ghosts of the
Sargassum what's what's like the best
episode of Venture Brothers to watch for
Jack yeah give me an episode let me
watch it because like they're all on
Hulu though I can watch them what Jack
like a baron underbite episode
for the first full season I don't know
if I got a full season in me give me
like one or two episodes to watch okay
all right chat figure this out figure
this out actually there's be a
complicated straw poll to set out like
thee the first season of Venture
Brothers episodes just do a straw poll
hmm I'm which is which are the best two
episodes per Jack to watch ghosts of the
Sargasso is one of the best episodes
okay like in general that was great
okay the the dr. Orpheus episodes great
at least the first one with him there I
mean he's a good character
I liked I liked a lot of dr. strange
basically becomes a tenant I liked a lot
of what they were doing and I I sensed a
lot of their bits it just wasn't very
biting like the comedy wasn't very
biting and tag sale yeah
tag sale you're it that's a good episode
okay that's like a jack-up so because
there's lots of supervillain stuff in
that one tag sale you're it yeah okay
and like I said the Venture Brothers
gets progressively better
season-by-season well and this is what
I'm thinking yeah so what what I'm
thinking is back in 2003 for those who
started watching the operation from was
like the last thing you watch that's not
a starter episode operation from
somebody recommended an episode that was
basically written to be the season
finale back in the series finale back in
season four when they didn't know if
they're gonna be reviewed and it's
fucking excellent it is not where I
would start with the show well so
basically what I'm saying is for those
who started watching back in the day
this was probably you know like nobody's
saying all of season 1 after episode 4
yeah gonna take him take him a little
while to get their groove but not too
long
I'm sorry pretty sure I'm sure
no I can't I you interacting me so many
times I'm so excited to talk to somebody
about the Venture Brothers fuck's sake
yeah it's all though it's alright and I
could see why you would like it in 2003
I like it now but you've also grown with
the show and there's probably so many
like in jokes and referential jokes and
I knew he's gonna do this back and forth
I knew he was gonna do I know he was
gonna Farscape my ass that I could
really see someone getting into the
venture brothers and thinking like oh is
this amazing thing but like coming into
it now or it's like it's fine it's fine
it's fine
I'm not saying it's bad alright
it's also it's longer than I thought it
was gonna be I thought they were gonna
be 15-minute episodes but they're like
full 22 basically Jack you've just
watched episode 1 & 2 of TNG season 1
well the pilot yeah I think that's a
fair comparison pilots not that I don't
I don't like the pilot well the ninja
yeah yeah that's not that's not par for
the course okay the show is very
different by the time you get into
season 5 well I assume a kid by the time
you get into season 5 I'll give it more
of a run oh I'm not done I just wanted
to give you my feelings first two
episodes in I swear there is stuff
you'll enjoy once they start getting
more into the politics of the villains
yeah that's some fun stuff
I'll keep keep chugging along but that's
that that doesn't really start hardcore
like season 2 no and I know I just said
I just told everyone you have to bear a
low you have to bear a little bit of the
cheesiness in the first couple of
episodes of the expanse but then you'll
be hooked on the story and ident that by
the end of
of episode 2 you're hooked on the story
and even episode 1 there is so much good
world in the expanse and there is so
much good story you'll just you'll just
stop caring about the cheesy kerosene
promising I'm gonna give it more of a
chance but two episodes in is not the
words to food and didn't be the two
episodes to be Venture Brothers I'm not
I'm not impressed
yes yeah yeah yes scaping through the
riches to forge her own kingdom she's
ordered steak potatoes he ate one potato
saying in Leo's on mash I ordered steak
potatoes and I took one bite of Eve and
so far it's me do claim yes you
shouldn't be sure my apprentice is
unteachable know every there's three
chapters to the game so anyway I'll give
it a few more okay I swear it's great
I'll give it a few more episodes I swear
it's fantastically amazing I'll do it
again
all right David II know people says hey
nerds Davey D no people here still in
quit oh this will happen still in cui
toe when I heard the u.s. bullied
Ecuador into voting against the
breastfeeding agenda decided with breast
milk production lobbyists just wondering
if you had any thoughts on this anyway
syrup my pork pancakes what I have no
idea what you're talking about or if
that's a real thing or anything I have
no idea
David II know people I have no idea
about the US Ecuadorian breastfeeding
politics and I'm sorry that I don't
so
I'm I think just in general I'm sorry
for my country at the moment how about
that as just a blanket statement dr. Lu
bit upses have either of you checked out
the Donkey Kong dlc for Mario's I know
I'm part way through it and loving it so
far rabid Peach is great as always and
Donkey Kong's mobility adds a ton of fun
gameplay options it sounds okay I
haven't played it I can't I can't
comment on something late okay
Oh Thank You praxis praxis once let me
know I'm totally wrong about South
American politics even though I just
read what someone else wrote even though
I just read with someone else wrote and
then said that I know nothing about it
I'm wrong so I feel good about that
yeah I feel good
Thanks
oh yeah and I saw I saw earlier in a
chat as we were talking about The
Venture Brothers someone was wondering
about why we have the Batman Catwoman
counter in the lower court this month
actually the issue came out on July 4 we
Batman number 50 had announced the big
event for Batman number 50 which was
Batman and Catwoman were going to get
married yes and we I heard about well we
both heard about the Batman cattleman er
yes I think we both scoffed at the idea
that a comic book character is going to
be able to be married that this isn't
just a gimmick that will be undone
shortly right and so then I made a I
made an official prediction which was
that the marriage would not and I want
to say it like my wording was very
specific here which was they would not
be married within six months hmm
you know whether that means one of them
died or got memory loss or what you know
whatever comic book bullshit they would
think of right and and so we started a
counter you know to lead up to Batman
and Catwoman getting married and spoiler
alert for Batman number 50 the end of
the issue
Catwoman decided not very bad
fucking awful publicity stuff what what
a heartless publicity stunt don't don't
even let him have one issue they don't
even let him have one goddamn issue
where they're happy and married and in
love how much did you see - I'm not
spending much time in comic book shops
offensive is what they did and they
hyped it enough to where I don't read
Batman comics and I knew it was a thing
how about that did you know it was a
thing yeah well from our chat oh I knew
it was a thing outside of our chat it
just popped up in the regular news so
that's how much they hype dude
that man is married to the job damn it
and that's what Catwoman thought too
Catwoman was worried that that as soon
as Batman was happy he would no longer
fight crime oh he can just run right
through this yeah he's especially he
only chases after you and like your
archers he's a douche
when was the married timer updated it
was updated right before we started
trimming they have still been married
four zero days so how about that
that's a goodly right Jay I mean I mean
I know you're not used to it
enjoying it I like it I mean I wasn't
you know 100% accurate but I was
definitely correct so I'm just gonna
soak it in at least for one more screen
stream just soak in being correct yes
what Master Yoda no Superman was not the
best man
Alfred was which I think was very cool
and I actually I said this on Twitter I
think there was a lot of them there was
a lot of decent like fan service and
good you know schultzy emotional writing
how is it not Dick Grayson how is it not
Alfred well more like he's more like the
father well the best man usually isn't
your dad the the way they the way they
described it is they weren't having a
traditional wedding they were getting
married on a rooftop with a drunken
judge who wouldn't remember that he
married them okay and so they weren't
having a traditional best man and matron
of honor they were just having two
witnesses and so Alfred was just
Batman's witness and then Catwoman had
her friend who was her witness so if if
Batman had to choose one person that's
to be at his wedding I think it should
be helping okay I liked that because
that I thought at first that he was
gonna ask out for it tomorrow
Selena down the aisle as Alfred is the
father figure but with just one witness
now I think that's that's a good call
I think that was a good call oh shit did
you just completely forget about a door
I thought they're only coming through
from the other side fuck my nutsack
restarting level I'm thinking about it
thinking about it
I really thought they were just coming
through from that one side fuck fuck
fuck
double fuck that was annoying entirely
my fault Cousteau's has a very important
question here which is did Alfred at
least wear a mask
it would have been awfully suspicious
that Bruce Wayne's Butler ended up being
Batman's best man even if the judge was
drunk or whatever no he did not wear a
mask
actually in Batman was not in costume he
was in a tuxedo on a rooftop and Selena
was not in costume but no there was you
know there's a lot of sweetness there
was a lot of like they were doing kind
of a call-and-response comic issue where
you know like what was happening in
present day was was Bruce and selina
were getting ready for the wedding and
then they kept like flashing back to
memories of each other and with every
flashback that she had a different
artist to handle every flashback so you
get a lot of different hairstyle really
nice and then you know they would have
these like you know sweet character
moments like oh I remember the first
time Matt and I remember he stopped me
doing this but why was his heartfelt and
earnest and that was all those little
goblins bring each other back to life
yeah I started a jack and I did worse
I noticed I did well really arrogant and
you talk like a history book impossible
it was a little disappointing I got I
got to be unbecoming and Catwoman
decided it's not to marry a little and
then it's just like a what the fuck one
for you we say or do you let your
characters grow please let your
characters do something the camp the
camp look those characters really aged
Batman would be dead of an inch by now
Batman would well wait he's already he
already should be able to based on is a
continuity right kill you guys that's
the mistake I made
this alert mr. Joshua TX this is rich I
was thinking about giving next-gen a try
it's great ever watched a Star Trek
series before oh so no sorry never
watched a Star Trek series before I
thought there isn't your question they
were commenting that they have never
watched this series before
do I need to start from the pilot or is
there a better jumping-off point
well right I've gotten into arguments
with people in the chat about this I'd
I'd suggest starting at season 3 it's
not like there's a long-running story
you need to worry about and that's when
the show gets really good this season 3
season 1 is awful season 1 is absolutely
awful and like season 2 is very spotty
there's some amazing episodes in season
2 but there are also some of the literal
worst episodes and and I can you know I
I like all of next-gen but I can agree
with your thought process here which is
once you are already a fan of Star Trek
you can go back watch season 1 and
season yes yeah if you like what you see
then you can go back yeah so I even
though I like season 1 in season 2 I'm
also found so I agree with us
see if I cannot suck this time yes Jesus
Christ it's such a fucking stupid
oversight and it was just stupid
oversight so what happened last time you
when you gobbled up all your stuff over
there and then you just didn't replace
anything I'm not replacing stuff over
here yeah and then this section was
always kind of lightly defended I was
mostly defending this by hand yeah and
then anime started coming out over here
and I didn't see on the map but the red
dots had come out from that side that
didn't have any
gee I hope nobody gets hurt no I know Oh
shiny
yeah but encounter at Farpoint head
ninjas is that true
encounter as though we had ninjas
yeah that's grip distance but it's great
and I think you know the entire series
is on Netflix right I think so up next
rim
anonymous says hey guys your co-op pub
gee streams and human fall flat streams
are some of my favorite screens that you
guys have done any co-op streams coming
up anytime soon we kind of make it up as
we go along right it's never out of the
question as long as there's a game we
want to play you know this is literally
just I was in the mood for Orcs Must Die
yep it'll hurt a lot we didn't plan this
like a week in advance we'd never do
because if we ever did by the time we
got to extreme he'd say yeah you know
what I'm actually feeling some
difference yeah we usually wing it as
usually
every Star Trek series except discovery
is on Netflix there you go
panic on where you live discovery is -
oh that's true
outside of the US you do New York New
York
what a bunch of York's what do you want
to do
stand strong yes
tgd I mean here in the u.s. at least TNG
is on Netflix the entire series from
what I remember I think that's the the
last time Lisa and I binge in that's
where we watched it was on Netflix
because you know we were doing the same
thing everyone does which is you you
look through Netflix trying to
desperately trying to draw oh they got
TMG yeah that's Yugi
and I think Voyager is as well not
saying you should do it
but this is fun in there yeah but for
pleasure that's what we did we we've
been to TNG you and then we've been
foraging
season 1 episode 8
TNG justice the episode where Wesley
breaks a greenhouse and is nearly
executed this way
oh yeah that's like the planet if
everyone's wearing like a skimpy toga
right yeah and Wesley didn't know the
rules one of the many horrible season 1
episodes I honestly I just don't
specifically remember that episode so I
can't
I can't comment but if I remember
correctly that that seems like a kind of
a classic
Captain Picard conundrum you know like
we want to follow the rules but we also
don't want any of our crew to die I must
figure out a way to solve the problem
diplomatically
and you know I I know it gets shit but I
like the pilot
I like the pilot cue the big alien
not yes my Picard impression is just in
my haircut even though I think season
one didn't Picard still have the the
crown I don't think he went full balls
until later seasons
I think everyone football is it summer
summer it gets shorter as it might get
shorter at some point but I don't think
he ever had no hair okay except in
nemesis his clone had no harem good old
time are you still working that's great
you're doing great am i you're doing
great
perfect it took you a couple saves come
but you did
yeah but you did I'm saying what I'm
saying is he did it
I know well that's got me annoyed is
that one her that first one sure not hmm
you shouldn't what I think of Star Trek
beyond it's great it's the best of the
new ones is she lying yeah great that
was a great movie there's a limit to how
long it was it was a fun little space
adventure is what it was
sure yeah beyonds a great movie
it's got the shouting and the beats
beats she says oh you're right I forgot
about that wine
shit yeah I like this it has the
shouting and the beats embrace you're in
it I don't know if that's it's something
like that is something very close that
but I don't know it's cute cute they
have to use their wits to get out of the
situation I feel like that was another
instance though of kind of wasting
interest Elba I feel like almost
everyone who has ever cast him wastes
interest Elba he actually played the
main bad guy a Star Trek beyond
beats and shout yeah devil that's kind
of what is he was just a very generic
villain and and just yeah just not but
yeah I guess it's really not about the
villain Star Trek beyond is not about
having a super captivating feeling he
was there so they could so they could
you know ride motorcycles and and
teleport themselves what what
nope as ours where it is I just don't
know if that'll help
winning this clicks or glitch actually
I need the things who tells us I've
never seen the wire but I've heard good
things about loser
you know the way you constantly nag nag
nag to these cut the flowers it's not
letting me push it down right on the
ground
this is gonna be a fucking mess
maybe not
hey maybe not it's still bad guy there's
nothing that he's a red
was that red eye Oh hot spots where
people died so you can better place
crafts okay there we fucking go
Jesus why was that so fucking hard he
left an opening decison oh that's I've
had to rearrange things while trying to
get the setup that I'm bad that would
have been very bad
i'll be--i'll the orcs would have gone
around an interesting choice
I remember a lot of people talk about
the French back what screams no all I
remember hearing about friends is a
bunch of people saying like and like it
gets good like the like out of out of
the three seasons the last two episodes
of season three are pretty good but you
got to make it through that all the rest
of its really understand of happy
very well
princes grades I know I don't believe
you I don't believe you
it has Pacey in it how good can it be
nicely done thank you doing great that's
all
my cut up on Legion Westeros I'm kind of
on Legion there's a weird second season
not not as good as the first season but
still I enjoyed it I enjoyed where we're
going
not as weird as that would like it to be
not caught up on what others told me to
watch the last episode the finale the
season finale but they've been doing
they've been doing some great work
Westworld season 2 has been getting
really you know wonderfully violence and
appropriately weird do you know what
I've been watching that I've been really
enjoying and that I was I was a little
worried about when I started watching it
is the cloak and dagger of series Oh
another Netflix one it's not on Netflix
actually it's on freeform oh and I know
what you're saying
what is free for that's exactly what
you're saying free the free form is a
television I believe it's a replay of a
rebranding of Disney family it's it's a
rebranding of ABC Family Channel that is
now going more like between early 27th
century with their programming and so
they you know they they have cloak and
dagger which you know very obscure comic
characters but they've they've rebooted
it as you know very like they're the two
teams and they they got these powers and
the teams yeah yeah and here's the thing
a little hokey at times especially when
we get into some of the apparently they
have some some psychic type powers a
little hokey but pretty good cloak like
CGI
the cloak yeah he has his giant ass
cloak that sucks people into another
dimension looks like it's like a portal
okay if you can like treat he came like
teleport what does it float around like
baby he doesn't have a cloak it and he
okay he hasn't really figured out the
teleportation thing yet
he's still working on it's year one but
but actually they they do a lot of
really great like in-camera edits of
them like getting accidentally
teleported in places and using their
powers the way they're they're doling
out their power slowly has been very
nice and it is you know it's obviously
like teen drama schmaltz yeah but if
you're okay with that it's not a bad
show shockingly not about you
young adult audience means its feel like
12 year olds oh yeah they're gone
they're gone for they're going for
strict teens with this one hormones and
dealing with drugs it's not bad it's not
bad at all I've been I've been enjoying
it it's been a good pace and as compared
to I've been having some problems I've
been I've been trying to watch season
two of Luke Cage and still hate Luke a
oh it's so bad riche i want like you
know i just want it to be i'd stand for
mediocre at this point but it's just
every episode is so bad and i think one
of the one of the things wrong with Luke
Cage is it's not is this like the
Venture Brothers were you're the only
one who doesn't like it no I think a lot
of people don't like this okay I think
but I am I am NOT digging it at all and
I think one of my problems with Luke
Cage is as an action show because that's
one of the reasons why I like superhero
comics um as an action show is lacking
there's not a lot of good action and
then beyond that I don't think it's
really saying anything like you know if
you look at Jessica Jones another show
that that is lacking in action is it
obligated to be saying well I think it
either needs to have good action or it
needs to have a good story either or and
and a good story in my in my head says
something
so it's know it is like daredevil that
doesn't say anything that's just action
schlock and I like it because it knows
what it is it's about ninjas to fight
each other great there doesn't pull they
got
and so in my mind you either need to
have good action or you need to say
something in Luke Cage it waffles it
doesn't really have a purpose like story
elements lead places but it doesn't
really matter as just waffles it waffles
all over the place right and I think
that's one of the one of the reasons why
I like this cloak and dagger is like I
do I feel like they're their show is
about something and I dig that what is
it about oh you know like the general
teen stuff it deals with some race stuff
some class issues it's I think it's
trying to say something sometimes a
little ham-fisted but hey
I'll take it I know I didn't much care
for the Punisher show it was alright not
enough punish him in my body in the
punishment I think I think they were
trying to ride the line of is he a good
guy or a bad guy he's a bad guy
exactly well if they would have gone
that route like he's just a bad guy he
kills all the people I would have loved
it but I think everyone would've loved
that
they tried to ride that line so I did
not big the Punisher it was like it was
alright but it wasn't it wasn't what it
could be
I do I do love teen angst
I'm down with that
like rubber rubber fist fight Jon
Bernthal is the perfect palmistry the
the actor who plays The Punisher huh did
you ever see a season 2 of daredevil do
you finish oh I never finished it okay I
saw I saw the first part with Punisher
sure I know he comes back later but I
mean if he was good
did you see him in prison oh just a
little bit he says okay I didn't see any
kind of prison action oh yeah you didn't
see him go full Punisher then yeah
that's it like I feel like that sequence
in daredevil season 2 was just pure
Punisher just like him doing his thing
and I loved that and I think he was
really good one as Frank Castle at one
as a Punisher like his his whole thing
with daredevil right and auto a buddy
stop I'm just I'm fond of this little no

[Part III]
Otto a balista I'm just I'm fond of this
level no brick but uh but in his own
series now is kind of weak kind of weak
full Punisher hardly what about that
scene right at the end of the Punisher
series itself yeah that was I mean hey
there was some decent action in the
Punisher show but not enough for a
Punisher show you know I'm saying I hear
you jack
you know here yeah you get it it was
alright but it wasn't it wasn't what it
could be I don't think it was as intense
as the best of the prison sequence that
that prison sequence will make a good
team it was beautiful
I'll take what I can get but yeah I'm
not I'm not taking Luke Cage and you
know I what I'm hoping for out of Luke
Cage still is that very least I hope
like they're they're working on some
decent misty maggot stuff and that's
what I really liked about season 1 of
Luke Cage is you know kind of misty
night being a detective and and doing
her thing and spoiler alert if you
haven't seen the defenders and most
people haven't so I'm gonna be okay
spoiling this misty night gives her all
he could play a ninja and so now she's
you know kind of back to work with her
arm cut off and you know trying to find
her place as a cop you know being a
being a handicapped person and so
there's some piece of misty night
what's happening with Lou and Rosario
Gaza yeah what's happening with Luke and
Rosario Dawson is so forced and Luke's
character is waffling back and forth and
it's not what I wanted to be oh I
thought I was waiting for more like I it
felt like you were taking a branzino but
why is it always waffles good I and I
love one big fan she's not waffling
oh here's a good one have I seen the
Americans I have not I've heard it's a
good joke that's the the KGB like 80s
spy TV show oh yeah it's supposed to be
good supposed to be very very good I've
heard nothing but good things like hide
it height of the Cold War there are some
happy hunt embedded Russian spies and
you know like dealing with dealing with
being spies but also trying to like have
a life a normal life suppose to be good
normal non spine life a lot normal non
spy life that's really just a cover for
their spy life and the balancing act
between that Keri Russell
can I say hi to Anita for you so she
will believe you hi
I guess hello hello
step right this way mr. Roarke spaced
out was Jack talking about Kim Possible
no I was talk about the America possible
had a show about KGB spies animated show
but a cheerleader James Bond agent oh
I'm sure they're very similar
I'm sure the Americans are just a
live-action adaptation impossible she
can do anything I get it they're do a
thing yeah yes sure sounds like they
were doing a thing
this doesn't seem fair
yes dad I why I've seen aunt wrote an
awesome rich is not if you like if you
like the first day man Vanilla's its
following
everybody likes Paul right
I I wouldn't have blown away I wouldn't
have blown away by ant-man and wasps but
also I wonder disappointed
so what does that mean what you expected
and that's fine yeah no more no less
first verse cheese fuck balls
Jesus almost got away from me you know
it's like I said it's fine it's you know
rubber fist fight it is ain't the
greatest most perfectly serviceable good
jokes I thought they did a better job
handling some of the jokes this time add
some good bits some good bits some good
jokes bits and petals no no spoilers I
know it's it's fresh out
God like the old way are I haven't seen
The Hobbit Holly Halloween reboot
trailer the Halloween reboot they're
removed so what is the third reboot yeah
what's-his-face Rob Zombie already did
his oh that's pretty
I didn't I didn't see I don't care I
don't care about thing why don't you
care about thing other guy cuz I don't
care if I think people like thing why
don't you care about thing Oh
people like thing oh shit now I have to
care about things make a thing about
dare you not care about things I'll make
it the greatest thing that everything
here Chuck I can't you can't make me and
I won't I can't and I won't and you
can't make me
I'm thinking jack you ever reach image
comics I've read it but you've never
reached for them I've never liked it
like at a time of great need and I reach
for Image Comics yet so they did not
reach back I've read some image comes I
think I've read most of powers which you
know is a decent series well like like
all Bendis series starts off really
interesting and then just evolves into
chaos and and despair
powers start off really interesting one
of my characters were miserable all the
time
that's it's just like you know like it
starts off like what if you're miserable
some of the time
oh people like that okay well that won't
like them miserable sometimes and
winning other times oh well people seem
to like them okay well how about I make
them miserable more how about more how
about it ever the entire story devolves
into utter chaos
yeah yeah so yeah powers started up me
but I mean I mean there was a lot of
there was a lot of good powers books
before it got to
numerous Valiant Comics in development
Russo brothers attached to either one of
them Rousso could probably do a decent
Archer and Armstrong so much ass-kicking
Russo's know how to do action alright
and handle comedy in their action so I
bet they could do a decent Archer and
Armstrong I'd like to see that
Gately says shut up and take my money
what did I say you had one job oh well
you aren't
what
Rousseau's are attached to quantum and
woody oh and you know I've never
actually read I've never read quantum
and woody so alright yeah what is it
it's a premise slightly goofy superhero
okay but not totally wacky yeah that's
where so brothers then slightly goofy
not totally wacky didn't Bruce her
brothers oh okay
lots of jumping lots of nonlinear
storytelling when they jump around in
time Oh woody is all silly is he's a
goofball no and that his partner quantum
is mr. serious we have to take being
hero seriously whereas I'm a goof around
yeah they might do a good job with that
remember they got to start with Arrested
Development really yeah yeah so they can
they can they can handle some
just straight up
David you know people I've talked about
region so many times on this very stream
that you're sick of talking about I just
don't know I don't know if this is a
joke or if you have stepped away the
several times I've talked about leaves
in season two it's not as good as season
one but I still enjoyed it it got it got
decently weird and I liked the ending
I'm excited for what they're gonna do in
season three that's it our Arrested
Development was great and that's why in
Captain America Civil War when they're
fighting in the airport there is the
blue terror trucks in the background and
that's why in infinity war you can see
hidden as an easter egg in there is
David Cross as the Blue Man Group guy
I'd not no thing ah I not know saying
you're not know thing yeah so that's
where we're so brothers got their start
huh people are also saying they might
have done episodes of community as well
but I didn't want to
I have positive feelings about the first
three seasons of Arrested Development
where is it - before before they went to
Netflix he blued himself that's right
the Tobias in the denim shorts blued
himself is in infinity war
the treat for you can you ever have too
many traps okay so it was it was the
first three seasons before they went to
Netflix and yes they were perfect the
first three seasons of Arrested
Development were just perfect elephant
you made - II don't like the Russos
action directing and after Winter
Soldier it that they do it's a fine job
you know what's happening and unlike a
lot of action see that's tough to say
because a lot of you can't say the same
about other people who direct action you
know what's happening they have a good
sense of space and I think they have a
good sense of pacing to the right
why is my batteries running that thing
sucks
I didn't know I was in charge of the
plug it aligns it anything I don't know
why did you why did you unplug it
why did you unplug a check why would you
assume that I unplugged it
oh boy oh boy be
present for you one for you and one for
you Richard you look away heading get
into it
should we you're talking about the
Netflix one and not the actual old the
Netflix glow yes I watch like part of a
we're care and then we just kind of
stopped okay you know what I did the
same thing with Lisa yeah
because because it's it's made by the
same people who did orange is the new
black and he said really liked orange is
the new black yeah they got a new show
we can watch that together it's got a
Alison Brie I think isn't it who I've
enjoyed in other things and then hey
let's watch this watches and we watch
like half of the first episode like yeah
didn't watch much more of it
Jack doesn't like community what else is
he wrong about so many things I'm wrong
about so many things
I saw the first couple of episodes of
community and didn't want to get into it
I've heard that a lot but like a lot of
shows if you go and just keep watching
you keep watching it gets good
blah blah blah it's like a blog no
longer part of our line of our blog know
you're blind this is my blog about
things that I'm not into community
Babylon 5 knows the Farscape The Venture
Brothers Jack weren't you into
everything I watched people are in doing
just that I do these things I'm sorry
black apply the parking wine Rick and
Morty and my board it'll hurt a lot
hey if you can pause it for a second can
you plug in the laptop it's right by
your feet kill them all
oh maybe neither wait there's not
another plug on that come really shit
rich
don't Donal pug it
okay do it now wait why don't you unplug
that light rich wait rich that light is
plugged into that white thing the white
extension cords so unplug that and then
plug that into that yeah nope nope there
you go
we did it we did we didn't hey everybody
we did it and how much longer do you got
to go oh shit we started early yeah what
time is it 9:30 is it so we've been
going for four and a half hours okay I
think I can do this by 10 but then I can
take 17 I might get another beer yeah go
ahead nope oh my god
oh shit
I'm only mildly okay okay
why-why-why hi everybody
rich said some questionable things while
you're away
whoa rich stop being so controversial
not calling me a jackass
stop pigs I did not call you an
incompetent jackass
I mean that's good that's good that
would be really mean I would that's why
I would not do that
right hi he did not say those things
well good I'm glad
hey Joe kitties says Jack maybe you
could try try to just watch the best or
highlight rated episode of the show and
see if it grabs you that way
I generally like to watch the show from
the beginning but no no oh no rich I
gotta restart the stage a thing no oh
fuck how do you I got like a roll or a
double jumper oh no I'm so sorry rich
that's yes this is not a saves come this
is a legit restart no that has never
happened before hey congratulations you
just found a new book yeah
found a new bug pissed about that did it
Johnny Rock bone I did watch HBO's Barry
that's a fine show Bill Hader as a
hitman yeah
Bill Hader as a professional hit man
who's contracted to kill Simon Tori in
California so he tracks him down and
finds him in an acting class and and
finds out that he actually wants to be
an actor oh it's cute it's really it's
it's a legitimately good show Henry
Winkler's in it yeah
who's grimy just great kills at every
episode yeah it's good job
all right let's do all of that we'd done
again ah pissed about that I'm very
sorry
twenty-one on the nine what kind of beer
do you recommend I'm drinking some
Leinenkugel's right now this is fine as
I've always said I'm a big I PA person
and so like for me the the happier the
drier the pioneer the more alcohol a
beer has the better everybody's taste so
different though we were talking earlier
about sours you can find really good
sour beer that's those are fun those
really nice and hard to have especially
in these hot summer days on these hot
summer days you find yourself a nice
arrival err which is like a deer and
fruit juice mixture
those are great
the rod ler that's the Rattler
and he's extreme catch me if you can
Batman but warning I'm going on this
sick halfpipe you gotta catch me Batman
you could have surfed waves actually the
Rattler would be a perfect 60s Batman
game at a pool
I don't know old chum he just seems to
hit into with surfing's fire with proper
safety but I always make sure a
lifeguard is on duty
dear rich any reason for all the
shakiness in your camera in the last
best of the worst
not particularly they were shaking this
in both cameras I thought you should
like that we're doing handheld well you
know you got on the monopod yeah usually
you're you're kind of like moving it
around a little bit yeah unless you were
going for I didn't know if you were
going for a thing because I haven't
watched the episode so maybe you were
going for like a Jack I've got
Parkinson's Oh Parkinson's terrible and
you should feel terrible
here dear jack do you watch did you
watch any of the post-credits scenes
adventure brothers usually that's where
the episodes comedy
I watched both episodes all the way to
the end I actually don't remember any
patient credit are they always doing
things I don't remember them
specifically but I watched both have a
lot of times it's actually pretty
important good times
excellent
kill them all she's encouraging made to
kill all of the monsters I know by
killing them you're doing a good job
yeah
yes about boat night I'm currently
working on beer number two for the night
so I guess I'm okay to drive thank you
for your concern is that why Jack
doesn't like Farscape you watching the
wrong order I watched the first few
episodes it just didn't do it for me I'm
so sorry I'm glad that you all like
parsley don't happen I - I feel well you
know obviously I've wronged everyone in
the very
sorry to bother you is not out yet here
I think it comes out this weekend and
I'm very excited to see its comedy about
a telemarketer and it looks like it's
gonna have a really interesting visual
style like every time he makes a phone
call it kind of drops him into that
person's house and they talk it like it
looks very very interesting
starring one of the guys who's on
Atlanta who's pretty funny on Atlanta
and looks like it could be like an indie
comedy hit like the indie comedy to
watch this season looks good
sorry to bother you
yeah it looks good it's really neat but
I think that comes out this weekend here
I don't know if it's out in other places
but
big time right there that's positive
oh yeah well Netflix like had the wrong
order on like two episodes it wasn't
like a whole big thing for for Farscape
Netflix had the wrong water it was like
they missed they mixed up like two
episodes it wasn't it wasn't like a
super important just weird yeah
all right I think we're back with more
you are blameless Atlanta is interesting
I've seen a couple episodes of Atlanta
and it's all right like it's good it's
very slow and I feel like I feel like
it's it's it's trying for comedy pacing
but it's very it's very slow and
deliberate and I feel like at least in
the fur I have much like the first four
episodes and I feel like it hasn't been
white found its footing it but it's very
close but it's it's very like it's
almost Curb Your Enthusiasm yeah that's
what it feels like that's what that's
what Atlanta feels like and but you know
Curb Your Enthusiasm is just like a
straight-up comedy and so you're like
it's pace like the comedy right yeah but
Atlanta is a little slower and it's a
little more really it's a little calmer
make sure nobody's dying is anyone on
fire
someone might be on fire it's the old
can't ignore the one nope absolutely not
absolutely not all right back to this
ship here we go
Oh God crazy I've already forgotten the
beer that I'm drinking I just grabbed a
random one out of the fridge it's a
knife I think it's a Colorado IPA let's
see here Polly Polly says genuine
question no judgment
I noticed Colin and Jim seemed to be
perfectly in sync with the format of
best of the worst Plains even more so
than before once meaning they spoke at
the scene it isn't me or this rlm have a
very specific sense of humor now also
England is out of the world I don't I
think there's always yeah it was like a
stylistic choice I think I think
nothing's changed and Jim and Colin have
been on the show but I don't know I
don't know what this question is behind
they're just more comfortable that could
be that could be
I'll take what I can get
I don't yeah playing probably I haven't
seen the episode so I don't quite know
what you're talking about but I don't
think any style has changed or yeah
comedy or humor or anything you know Jim
and Colin get it they know it's over
then we find similar things funny but
that's kind of why we're friends
more than like red letter media is this
type of humor and here's the memo on the
jokes you're going oh yeah I mean for
any guest I mean people know we give
them a beat sheet of jokes they can and
can't tell right right right
it's it's more of like a style chart of
our comedy likings our comedy
preferences and Jim and count finally
got it this time it took a lot of
coaching years of coaching
that's right number two
Dom DeLuise number 3 explaining Dom
DeLuise is too
for Dembe reason number four back to
families is it too dumb or too young too
young
okay I mean either worse books oh yeah
we have it
RORO dango we have a ton of off-limit
jokes absolutely
planking no jokes about them there was
an accident early on in our LMS history
we don't like to talk about it you know
no we have done famous parents me in the
background just standing there
come on you've done that more than once
that's not planking you're just standing
still and like leaned up against the
wall that's not what you call it
blanking is when you is when you lay
down on something it's when you act like
you're stiff as a board
no no you have to be laying down flat on
something that's not meant to be later
for leaned against I don't think that's
a plant blanket Ria's is a horizontal
Chad
I'm getting a lot of jackets right here
really yep clanking you gotta be
horizontal then you just need to be like
a boy you know what that's twice in one
scream that I'm like
this is a lot of people I flat out do
not believe called batman' cattleman
called I knew what planking is this is
this is the only thing I'm holding we we
both have festered we both foot no I'm
absolutely
Oh we'll see no now they're trying to
make sure I pull myself back and they're
asking me to talk more about the venture
I think I'm gonna be sick
I've got this on lockdown jack
got nothing from Joe real absolutely
impossible for anything to go wrong
flanking discussions please wasn't the
other popular Gundam people did flanking
time
dabbing can we talk about the Harlem
shake
everyone did remember when everyone was
making their own Harlem shake videos
good good rich they're asking you to
gamble no okay how do you dab I know how
but I also have children so and and let
me tell you this the kids they will dab
at anything they will dab at the drop of
a hat
they're super into dabbing range
okay as long as I execute this level
should be pretty easy and hopefully
fairly quick okay then after this the
grand finale oh shit well shit again I
get it Jack hates Luke Cage season 2
because he dabs I do not dab my children
damn it's very popular at the school the
dabbing I don't think you're speaking
English you know you know what else is
really popular at the school of flossing
which is awesome is that the new hip
thing we're doing which is a dance world
the flop
okay that means more sense all the kids
have lost the teeth only nerds don't
frost you a nerd what's that what's that
gum disease get out of here loser dork
no gingy's or gingivitis no gingers
this way mr. Roarke loser whoa
lost your mouse huh I need a mouse yeah
usually usually you need Mouse's
I'm sorry Jack turquois I cannot teach
you how to dougie because I don't know
how to do
whoa that should have gone worse than it
oh that's a terrible way to start see
here pally says sorry about the previous
question didn't mean to be condescending
nope Ellie I was we were more confused
yeah yeah we didn't we didn't think you
were being kind of sending we just
didn't understand what you were saying
all the best got married three months
ago wife and I are planning on having
kids in the next year and moving to a
new house this weekend how do I convince
her that getting a switch is a good idea
you might just have to say it's
something I'll enjoy it's something that
I'll enjoy and you know it's important
it circuit down there what's really
important before you have kids is to get
a little you time because once you have
kids you won't
alright alright we're doing good yeah
decisive I like the Titan census did you
guys hear that lungcap ocinski is making
his next film with Leo Fong I heard yes
challenge of the five gauntlets his lens
new film challenge of the Superfriends
challenge it was a challenge of the DC
superheroes they changed the name at
some point of the Superfriends it was
challenge of something oh yeah very well
The Adventures of the Superfriends The
Adventures of the super-powered
fraternal Brotherhood it doesn't roll
off the tongue no wow this was later in
the show's run when it was like the 80s
and the show the Superfriends weren't
cool anymore super Superfriends is a
super lame name yeah yeah Jack it was
challenge of the Superfriends okay
do my kids get to watch prereq they
catch me editing sometimes and they want
to watch and they always get really
upset when I stopped the episode cuz I
haven't edited that part yet it's just
like a video of unedited video of me
irate with a wide shot have to explain
that that doesn't exist like I need to
make it first so we can't watch that cuz
it and they're like no we just want to
hear you talk
like they just yeah I mean it's just
screens they love watching shows and so
but like let me let me make the show and
then I let you then you can watch it so
yeah I mean they've seen prereq I don't
let them watch prereq lot there's lots
of custom who knows what we're gonna
talk about yeah but yeah they watch the
show every once in a while they think
some bits of funny I've run some bits by
them you run it by your choice yeah run
by the children this is good this is
good enough for a ten-year-old all right
good enough for me
that's always been important to me with
my kids take
Hausa they know how the the movies are
made and so they never get super freaked
out by a movie because it's all fake
here oh yeah look at here's how this is
me that used to be a lot more fun now
just use computers well you know you're
right but I can do some of that computer
stuff scishow than that too like hey you
guys want to then they use their
computers yeah I remember when when
making of this uh bad move it used to be
really interesting to watch that's done
those are days long gone by for the most
part yeah
to see that part in the credits where
800 names stroll by in two seconds
that's who made all the fun stuff how
about some gross overkill
was the fun kind of fun
yeah like you play video games they play
all sorts of you know they play some
garbage video games
but a lot of iPad games minecraft they
like the we have a Lego Batman game with
enjoy they were really in the Mario Kart
for a while
all sorts of games they get they go
through I mean like I'm sure like every
kid they go through like stages of
obsessions with games where it's like
this is the only game they care about no
other games matter like right now
they're obsessed with 500 credits and
they've never played five nights at
freddys just the culture they know what
they know it I think they were at a
friend's house and the friend was
watching like let's play youtube videos
we have nights at freddys and they saw
that and they know somehow they know
everything about five nights at freddy's
but they have never played I don't get
it they want any of it and asking I
can't play AI I have them if you want to
play it like this really kids games I
remember like I remember you and I
playing them and I gathered that meant
for children that's about it
my dreams of dragging in class
as storm Templar all kids have ship
dates my mind I think that the whole
kids
there might have been an argument for
kids not having a suitcase back in the
day just because we didn't have a show
like all we had was Mario now is too
many options
jack is very visibility fan-based five
minutes rated oh I kind of all the
parental controls on all the idea yes
I'm a parent who is comfortable with
technology microchips Porsche that
little guys working for me now
oh great he sucks that I don't work no I
don't let them work through things they
suck you want hey Morgan yes I do
the nice thing about being a parent who
is technologically savvy is I know how
to do all this
you hear that 18t wants to fuck with HBO
by forcing them to up there oh I don't
care yeah better things worry about I
don't care what are you worried about
well oh no they might make another show
I like I don't I don't understand what
the concern is here
City shows on HBO yeah
Netflix is trying to Disney they're
gonna own everything somebody no that's
very true Jeff
that's not afraid of conglomeration
because he is a media app it's
conglomeration giant corporation I'm
definitely afraid of confinement no
relation I'm I'm I think we should all
be very afraid at Disney buying
everything Disney having absolute
control over all the intellectual
property that's something we should
definitely be concerned about
I'm not incredibly worried about it
because there will always be people
making things and our avenues for
watching the things that people make are
now larger than ever what do I need that
this is a question just for you I know
it is I know it is
today that
but
so yeah we should be concerned about all
like one business owning all of the
intellectual property but I don't think
that will ever happen because there will
always be people making weird shit that
Disney won't buy and our opportunity to
get that shit is greater and greater so
I think though there's going to be
absent flows
there we go
until YouTube de monetizes them right
well then they'll go to Vimeo Vimeo or
they'll go to another service or they'll
publish their own stuff everything will
be fine
I'm not incredibly worried about it to
see that hunchback jack is something I'm
more concerned about I'm less concerned
about uber media conglomerate than I am
about the loss of net neutrality that is
something that will affect everyone and
us as consumers that is something we
should be actually concerned about right
now
without the riffs there's no magic any
on either side the order mages fine
they must've I'm surrounded by eight
entrances four guys to run around I got
these in the corridors this one's a
bitch
nice this one's a real bitch yeah yeah
thanks I was getting bored here okay you
know that jack is against copyright that
means he's okay I know that's I know you
I know you're trying to tell a joke but
I don't get the joke it doesn't matter a
little present for you
step right this way mr. Roark
burn an arc for me I'm most worried
about Amazon buying everything you know
their competitor now their competitor
should have brought the fire ring but
we'll see what happens well we'll see
I like how you like you say that before
there's any enemies on-screen
that's how well you know the game pretty
sure I've messed up before I've even
started
good night beer corn
tired and said yes which is enzyme yes
and Amazon has done has done some good
things
biased which streamers like for example
if here at which primary subscribe to
never never not or what I'm saying is
it's a possible and actually you know
twitch twitch has forced some changes
over on the YouTube side of things for
YouTube creators that they've started to
implement something like monthly
subscriptions and the ability to tip on
YouTube because they saw the positive
influence on creating over here on
Twitch and that's the positive benefit
of the competition between switching
user so there has been some positivity
holy fuck what happened I came really
damn close to that was that was really
good
I'm sorry no everything's fine
oh great great decorations oh yeah and
the first wakens I I dunno how Amazon
food for employees something for you do
you know how Amazon is able to be so
successful by by treating their
employees absolutely the video but no
Amazon is Amazon is nothing but the new
Walmart exploiting their employees to
sell things which week so they get an
edge in the marketplace really good for
consumers less good for
yes
Yetta that has creeped in is a good
thing
freakin anis checks secretly admires
Amazon I think I chopped it Amazon a lot
because they have cheap crap
ah let's see here what say use is just
three watch the starship with troopers
am I wrong or is that a massively
underrated film I mean it's dumb but
it's hugely entertaining and has a
message basically a lesser Robo Cop yeah
it's fantastic
it's fantastic all the time starship
troopers everyone knows that
it's not even done though it's it's it
does a really good job of pretending
it's done in fact Starship Troopers
might do too good a job pretending it's
done because a lot of people missed the
fact that it's pretending to be dumb
interesting way to throw it am i
incorrect no I'm just saying that's
that's an interesting way to put it
it's uh no Starship Troopers is great
it's a fantastic satire possibly too
smart for its own people don't
understand this is satire that's the
problem
that's the problem
it says too good of a job being action
flock
a satire of one of propaganda of action
movies it's saying America is fascist
yes it's it's a it's a commentary on
colonialism in general not just American
colonialism it's a satire on white dudes
how about that
Boop yeah you sound good sucked it blip
that's why every older person in the
movie is horribly disfigured yes because
they sacrifice them sacrifice is good
but don't worry about those old people
here's young people fucking because
that's what happens in the army you do
good do good things only good things
don't worry about the bugs or why the
bugs are there or what the bugs are
doing the bugs aren't people they're
afraid of us and see ya there can only
you can only become citizens whose
service savour yes says savour says it's
a satire on nationalism yeah another
great way to put it yeah hyper
patriotism
tartufo rich yeah we're doing some
research into the steam huge we talked
about that steam yes
steam apparently should it ever go down
would operate in an offline mode hold on
do they say so you can forever play the
games you've purchased so they say so
they say the current man address the
current management the problem is the
current management of steam isn't always
going to be the current management of
steam
mmm
never lines I hear a lot of it's a
satire but rarely an example of how it
follows through with satirical elements
it the satirical elements are the
over-the-top violence and nationalism
and it's it's tough because it's also
like a fun to watch action movie is it
sarcasm that's too subtle
satire let's see mm sure or so
over-the-top and that it's gone back
around to not be subtle that could be
and I think like the things we were
talking about earlier the fact that you
know all the old people are horribly
disfigured
that's a satirical element you know the
fact that all the main characters are
young beautiful people who constantly
hook up and do amazing things is a
satirical element because that's like
part of the propaganda piece yeah join
the join the National Service look at
all these young beautiful people joining
the service making sacrifices
all right you did it you did it
we're I'm doing quite well great those
things
that's a fun travel
Titan says says showgirls and Basic
Instinct might also be other Paul
Verhoeven's that may be too well done as
bad movies and maybe genuine sapphires
on mainstream colleges
I could see that are going to be made
for basically nice things like basic
instincts is just too good to be seen as
a satire but I think anyone watching
showgirls knows that that's that's
clearly poking fun
my head hurt
and now bitch rich but have you ever
asked why you're killing more because
they want to kill humanity did you ever
question your orders or did you just say
yes sir I'll build the or traps yeah
it's kind of what I did
Jimmy look into what happens when the
orcs go through the portal do they hurt
anyone you ever think about that maybe
that portal is there pulled of the
freedom where Wow the yeah and really
you're the monster always have been
you're the owner you'd be okay with that
- yeah yeah and I'm just killed him
yeah sorry to blow things mine here some
no decorations
I'm gonna be okay
I'm gonna be okay
oh I accidentally got an old evil Lord
David says hey guys
David jumping it I finally decided to
stop procrastinating and learn how to
drive do either of you have any tips for
a new driver or things that you wish you
would have known when you were starting
out no thank you you're both hands
our audience pretty pretty young I spent
a we're old men we're very old
no I don't go slow just for you
make sure your mirrors can properly see
in the lane next to you I saw I saw this
thing online years ago much about how to
properly position your sideview mirrors
on your car and and its way wider hood
shit this is nice wait
oh shit hold on this I'm almost done
oh great and I think most people
position their sideview mirrors too
to kind of see the edge of their car and
if you if you spread out your sideview
mirrors to see it to the lane next to
you not the edge of your car come
perfect so that one tip of the fucking
one god damn it only one or got through
right it's all right
only one or it's all right yeah every
war mage in the order new of course to
stop the Horde forever and this other
exams are starting to be closed step
back through and see all the rifts
behind him with a gesture and a thought
a spare even the most waiting game is a
dear sweet ending when the rifts close
you're the last four major line and you
stop the or convey shilling medicine no
magic wraps groans come no more village
spells but no it works eating everyone
murdering everyone so really you'll need
less healing those works out and not
necessarily for the better I want to
encourage to make that choice one of the
order had in the end either courage or a
particular brand of stubborn stupidity
and then you might be the nightmare
hey I'm not doing that by the way your
your number one amongst your friends
yeah just saying it
anyone anyone who riches friends steam
step people only other difficulties are
better than me okay but look at that one
oh there you go I don't I don't play for
a high score I play for killing all the
orcs one got away you know just saying
uh what are we got here we got oh
there's tired and sad since speaking of
Paul Verhoeven neill blomkamp is
rebooting robocopy up the producers
who's who are also the original film's
screenwriters are saying it will be a
continuation of the original film which
is just fucking code for a soft reboot
and reference galore
hey it could be might be good I'm lettin
flack since cases showed my mom the
movie Logan she said it was her favorite
movie a since Mad Max fury road rich you
should give Logan a chance
I know I've never I don't care enough
about Wolverine and the x-men so I
didn't see it in the first place I never
got around to it
look I'm not seeing it before I see
Ragnarok yeah yeah I almost did when I
was at my brothers but the women folk
didn't want to watch it did you show
them shirtless Chris MJ I came home like
just gray look who's in this then I go
okay I've never read a comic says Len
flex in ski and loved it Jack clearly
fell asleep through half the movie and
missed Logan's clear character arc I you
know what actually I'd I think rich you
might like Logan yeah as someone who is
a fan of the x-men yeah I did not like
Logan yeah but I think everyone else who
is an x-men fan also like Logan that's
maybe I was just in a bad mood when I
watch everything's gonna be fine
wildlife industry says hey guys my
direct deposit just went through so that
means I get some IPA and you guys get $2
thanks for the stream
thank you wildlife industries and gruff
McMillan Terry says a big piece of Star
troopers satire i feel comes for people
who have served in the military not
saying that non veterans don't get it
just that for veterans there's even more
of a barbed message training deliberate
sense of false invincibility okay that
drop that's a that's a good perspective
gruff nick military if we are to assume
that the name macmillan terry means you
were in the military holy shit rich
hasn't seen Logan well as somebody who
hasn't been in a comic book shop and now
officially ten years yeah I go out and
religiously watch every comic book movie
like not only have you not been in a
comic book shop in a decade yeah you are
not particularly a fan of the x-men not
really I don't hate them the girls all
right but you've been very vocal about
how you're not into the x-men yeah so
you're not aware you're saying you're
not busting down the doors to see the
x-men movie the x-men is just too
daunting there's just too fucking many
of them yeah it's also it's also blur I
can understand why when you're in
there's a lot of rich lore yeah ah but
no someone looking from the outside that
that looks dense yes well that's what's
great about it is you know you take you
take a couple issues and you just go off
with two little characters they do their
thing they come back and then you go to
next characters and how people interact
with each other it's great it's great
it's all great okay now is the point in
the stream in which we thank all of you
lovely people who have subscribed to us
during this very stream much like van
Drance for twenty six fucking months in
a row who says insert reference here
rebel of old and flow pathetic for 22
months in a row
kick girl V 427 fucking months in a row
I last 1984's
for 37 mother motherfucking months in a
row I got confused I know I know I got
confused already I know I last 1984 well
you just did that one okay moving to
none to three slicer gang who says
thanks for all the great streams you
hack frauds jerath duros says there's
too many more months of riches boo berry
Thank You Col Ron 27 who says rich video
game original soundtracks on vinyl are
the shit I'm older than you and enjoy
vinyl for non hipster reason alright
I have FTL on vinyl it's amazing
Jack you're you're into D&D; now look for
Star frontiers it's a sci-fi game from
TSR that's just great
I've seen I've seen footage and the
youtubes of music and audio quality
aficionados you know in like the 80s
talking about how much of a bump up CDs
were now and now people are saying vinyl
is better I don't get it jack
it's you know don't get it it has to do
with compression okay
Ranko you see ladies man they're
compressed I get the nostalgia yeah
just having it feel like a collection I
get that yeah I get a nice big piece of
artwork too and that now that vinyl
sleeve I I have heard some dickheads and
I can only assume they're dickheads
because they're talking about file
insists that a vinyl legitimately does
sound better because to get the same
song on a CD you do have to digitally
compress it and then of course you're
running a digital signal
analog signal I've heard dickheads swear
that it does sound better I don't okay
if I can tell a difference but okay yeah
that's the thing like I don't really
have a I don't really have a dog in this
race no nigga do I yeah yeah neither do
I have no record player I don't
necessarily care about like the quad the
music sounds fine to me
all the music sounds fine to me vinyl
has a very distinct sound quality to it
yeah that's the scratchiness it's like
it's like when they put a grain filter
on in a video game
yeah oh I like I like it when it when it
what's like an old movie and it drops a
couple frames and boy warps that's great
looks great creepy g23 hideous oh seven
you have to do this next one's here oh
I'm sorry
I'm I've got to get back into other more
damn I think I think I think when I use
your ID I lean forward and I think it's
really important when you do this in
person
you let yeah you know Society a mouth
kind of go things inside to your neck I
think that health of the impression
okay so Godfather 42 and subscribe with
442 motherfucker my federal and he says
the latest rlm videos have have been
even better than usual so keep up the
great work
okay thank you thank you no I almost got
a confused the next week that's also 42
months in a row humberto Cabbage Patch
for 42 motherfucking months in a row
this is 42 never actually read
hitchhikers should I
I love hitchhikers the question is do
you read it or do you track down the
radios the radio plays here's the thing
the radio like
very wise there's a whole shit ton of
differences oh yeah yeah yeah there's a
there's a lot of there's a lot of radium
bits from the radio broadcast that just
never made it into the books there's
things that happen in the books for
different reasons than they did in the
radio playing there are there are
characters and the radio versions that
don't exist in the books so here's what
you do
ya read the book first then listen to
the radio play possibly yeah at least
the first well first looks great
yeah first two are really good I hate
the third I absolutely hate the third I
love the fourth book nobody else does
yeah I'm the only one who likes the
fourth book before the fourth one the
one the down to earth one where he goes
back to a earth a new earth that has
magically showed up but he just he tries
to live a normal life after all of the
weirdness he's experienced hmm and it's
got the less bizarre shit in it sure I
just I just like the change of pace it's
a neat take okay I mean I the fifth
one's bad too
I think though I think at very least the
first one is definitely worth a read
absolutely yeah absolutely
how come Dirk Gently is a TV show not
Hitchhiker's hitch I could be a better
TV show than a movie it would be to be
fair Dirk Gently was a bad TV show okay
okay
why but why was it a TV show no I mean
why can't we get a new that's what I'm
trying to say Jake I'm trying to think
of a real answer to give you
yeah because one was already a movie and
so downgrading it to a TV show he sucked
the movie did suck but it's still a
downgrade people people in the business
still consider TV less than movies okay
even though that's absolutely not true
you have more yeah people in the
business still see that and so like oh
no like anyone who owns that property
whoever owns the the film rights to
hitchhikers don't want to downgrade and
whoever owned Dirk Gently rights no one
well it was people what were people do
with Dirk Gently nothing yeah they were
probably it's probably easier to obtain
those rights which is why we got a Dirk
Gently show yeah I totally totally love
hitchhikers yep yeah you know season one
of Dirk Gently was kind of alright
season 2 was a hot garbage and even
season one was barely passable because
Elijah Wood is good and and for the
friend and and neither hold a candle to
Dirk gently's holistic detective agency
the book they both get it so wrong but
anyway go ahead
we're just for the person who asked the
chance what what word the book we're
talking about cuz they might have missed
it yes is the Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy followed followed by a restaurant
at the end of the universe yes life the
universe everything was the third they
have so many names right yes they have
so many names and that written by
Douglas Adams the same man who wrote the
books for Dirk Gently yes and you know
what much like the hitchhikers book
really only the first Dirk Gently is
good
second the second the second book for
hitchhikers is good restaurant at the
end the universe is good it blurs man it
all blurs together mmm well because
hitchhikers isn't isn't really about
like telling one solid tale it's just a
number of different bits with some kind
of vague story tying it all together but
really here's a funny idea here's a
funny idea here's a funny idea right so
that's why it blurs the structure isn't
like here's the beginning middle and end
it's like here's the thing that happens
here's a weird thing that happens yeah
then this happens but it's all amusing
projecting you like because it was
adapted from series of radio plays which
were literally every episode
story here's a story here's the story
yes oh that's all yeah everything's crap
the second circuit gently book is
strange but fine its Hitchhiker's Guide
is like Robot Chicken yes but with a lot
of the same characters tying everything
together neither now they're on this
planet and his weird thing that happens
on this planet and now they go to this
section of space there's a weird thing
that happens in this section of the
space yeah and now we're gonna have a
segue where the book narrates chapter
from the Hitchhiker's Guide the book
within the book has the thing to say
about something that's not really
related it's kind of Monty Python in
space yeah yeah like um like what's the
the history of Earth or the history of
the world no no no that's Mel Brooks
yeah life wait not now for something
completely different is that the movie
that was a bunch of little vignettes
yeah yeah it was like that it was like
the TV Cheryl but as a movie but that's
cuz the TV shows justiça sketches right
right it's now for something completely
different
know the meaning of life pirate XCore
did you ever see the meaning of life
Monty Python's the meaning of life yeah
that's the movie I'm thinking of where
it's a bunch of it's a bunch of
vignettes
which one was and now for something
completely different that might have
just been like a best-of of the show my
turn okay that might have just been the
best of the skits from the show okay
yeah I'm thinking I'm thinking of
meaning of life yeah right anyway sorry
that went off on a whole thing look I
was funny that this came up I was I was
listening to some old hitchhikers radio
stuff last night yeah on my head sure
sure
read it humberto
and then listen to it and listen to it
because there's quite a bit of
difference between the two noble Jade
fakon who says hey rich have you ever
played any more of enter the gungeon I
picked it up myself I loved it so far
I've made it to the fourth floor once
where I died horribly wait a little I
played a little bit here and there I'm
never any good beer coaster for 22
months in a row
true blue review for 20 months in a row
says I know you guys don't care about
the World Cup but it has been really fun
to watch so far with the final a lot of
unexpected results but the best was
today's match where Croatia told England
that it's not coming home oh okay
I don't know what that means I don't
understand I don't understand the
significance sorry they don't follow the
soccer but I'm glad you're happy
welcomes great everybody's like the
World Cup and soccer is great into
sports but I don't I have no idea what
you're talking about I'm sorry someone
told us earlier that England lost a ok
that is a good or bad
yeah yeah or oh I'm sorry I don't know I
don't know help her roadie for 13 months
in a row says hello I know rich is a fan
of quake 2 have you ever played the
first one
if so thoughts I just finished both of
them for the first time it had a lot of
fun
I've played quake 2 I mean I played
quick one yeah it's good huh I don't
have any complex thoughts to give you
right now but it's fun there you go
monka Potamus
this is glad to continue to help support
you hacks in a way that costs me nothing
in terms of money or effort keep it up
thank you thank you Mike about us
Oh lies and us for 13 months in a row
says how many apples grow on a tree all
of them not bad that's good Jimmy lays
for 18 months in a row
J will come back whenever he feels like
it
odd tricks for 14 months in a row
Euler's number 424 fucking months in a
row dr. sweet cherry pie for 23 months
in a row says oh holy is that a World
Cup thing no the goal
van dorbz Tim for 18 months in a row Bob
slydell 1686 that might be holy you know
maybe maybe I do know that one that's
all that's all I know about it though
yeah I had to go to church recently
really over the weekend yeah my cousin
was in town had a new baby getting a
baptised okay gotta go to church I
thought it was just gonna be the baptism
like I even went to baby get dunked in
water full-blown church when at what
point did they do the baptism like after
no midway dad be rude and it's like it's
like full-blown Catholic Church and I
don't know if you've ever been to
Catholic Church yeah a lot of standing
and sitting I know it's a lot of crawl
and repeat it's just like no but you
know what the standing and city breaks
things up a little bit oh they do the
baptism and you just stand up you say
thank you I now have better things to do
with my time and you announce that
loudly and then you walk out yes yes
knock over knock over the the holy water
font - on your way out the door shove it
like shove it don't trip and just shove
it over like excuse me can I have some
of these oh no no I have some of this oh
oh this tastes like a baby
do they pee in this you guys done two
babies
this is like baby this rich hate
religion no but I love humor how dare
you try to have fun and I I don't treat
religion with any kind of reverence so
but I don't hate it
like Karan's churchgoer I got nothing
against it it's like I sniff I would
have known beforehand that it was
full-blown Church like I would have gone
because you know you get you kids
baptized that come to its out come to
see the baptism you know yeah but it was
it was just one of those things where
you know my kids already like my kids
are very non-religious and we've been to
other churches before that just have the
tea on the wall yeah you know just the
tea the lowercase T but they've I don't
think they've ever been to Catholic
Church before where there's a guy on the
T and and and so like for then they're
just like what's he doing up there and I
was like okay let me tell you about let
me tell you about that dude and why he
looks like he's had their shit kicked
out of him and he's hanging up there and
they're like huh it's great T man it was
great
anyway the Holy made me think of that
where we were out of van do Burstyn for
18 months in a row
shame remember doing Bob slydell I know
we've done that
how about dough densey who says hey guys
you've helped me out a lot through my
divorce and I just wanted to say thanks
for bringing some joy to me in a dark
time of my life keep doing what you're
doing
you love them you're good - good luck
impulse Chris game's 2004 22 months in a
row this is working late tonight which
means I get to catch you guys live it
also means I have to work late but what
can you do thanks for the engaging
conversation gents welcome home Tom
markup for 47
they're fucking months in a row exes the
collector for twenty four fucking months
in a row because e99 for 22 months in a
row says 22 MF months in a row hi fellas
hello yo scroll back Troutman k says how
about that binding of issac kickstarter
ridiculous it's doing is doing great
it's doing great dis quarter
sharpshooter aah thud ooh V Queen to the
one ring for 16 months in a row says
another anniversary another reminder to
fellow primers that you have to manually
reef sub every month love and FMC thank
you Skeletor for president I played with
the toy skeleton was always so much
cooler she's so much cooler first of all
he's a buff skeleton you don't see that
often though I could appreciate the
cheesy he-man was it uh wasn't a upon
see there when I played with the toys
Prince Adam a pump I've never heard that
word months before I've always hated
Prince Adam sure when I played with my
he-man toys Prince Adam did not exist
he-man was a Conan like figure would
would kill people with his sword yeah
where are we I'm goal of the lies for 19
months in a row who says do either of
you delightful hack frauds have any
thoughts on the new Halloween movie
that's coming out in a few months no not
really know too much about it other than
Jamie Lee Curtis is back
Hans is an effeminate man which I did
not know I thought it was just a nerd oh
but I guess it also fits we press Adam
yeah from what I know love princess he's
a Ponce hey I've just never heard that
term before we're we we are at WM DS oh
okay Skeletor oh we got that one shut up
twice yeah that happens every now and
then my name is Tate for 37
motherfucking months in a row says 37 in
a row
they just say 37 but they'd been sub for
37 months in a row that was a reference
to what a movie clerks I don't remember
that bed my girlfriends suck 37 dicks oh
you remembered the number fine move it's
like it's like it's like a very
important movie yeah yeah I'm 37 and
then you know he kicks his girlfriend
out of the convenience store and to a
random person is you're my girlfriend
37 dicks and the guy goes in a row
through Xenu for 16 months says Cheers
heck frauds what are the chances of
getting a full length of dance lesson
video instructed by rich would be very
cool low very low very low
um Oh Mike one two three four says
thanks Jack for getting me into the
expanse and thanks rich for getting me
into Venture Brothers problem thoughts
on Space Ghost Coast to Coast if you
haven't seen it
seeing it I recommend that you guys do a
fine show it's not a favorite thing that
ever aired on Cartoon Network or Adult
Swim but I
I got no problems with the Space Ghost
oh yeah I like when when that first came
out I was utterly utterly obsessed with
it like I didn't have cable but my
friends did yeah and I I would it would
I it was it was so weird man it was so
weird I loved him it was so different
I'll take Sealab over Space Ghost coz
that's good that's great Sealab is good
but like Space Ghost is like the
granddaddy of all Adult Swim programming
like Sealab or of the Space Ghost was
proto Adult Swim just like what if what
if we could do like weird shit while the
kids are asleep
oh yeah yeah Space Ghost is great like I
had the brac album was the birth of
Adult Swim yeah yeah yeah it was this it
was just this weird experiment yeah and
it deserves nothing but respect Aqua
Teen Hunger Force spun out of the throws
down that's right
baby got back surgery says I wish I know
about you guys back when I had my back
surgeries would have made my recovery
process a lot less painful this sounds
like a bit baby got back surgery it
sounds like a bit that's just a funny
name like this person is like okay oh
this is gonna be my username and all my
comments are gonna be about back
surgeries they have back surgery
traumatic horrible thing that happened
it just dominates their thoughts and it
will for years to come and you're making
light of it I am welcome to the stream
waffle vendor over a rhythm elrom 18
bran flakes four five four seven the
moon is not cheese it's not a hot dog
buns for 22 months in a row count break
more
Joe kitty 0:01 for 15 months in our
offices thanks for the stream when do I
get a fucking two years two years I'm
sorry you don't get fucked for two years
you have nine more months of not getting
fucked I'm trying to make some kind of
pregnancy joke that was it that was a
perfect setup for that rich there's a
lot of father's just said I wish I
didn't fuck you nine months ago then
come in time didn't solidified we'll
edit it together take it again take it
again
stabby lasso dunno why I'm here crooked
spiral for 19 months in a row ah bunka
dug for 46
motherfucking months in a row says you
guys Rock lol fuck my cock
seriously though you guys rock it's a
great song great song you've made that's
a penny for 21 months in a row hunch
bang jack for 37 motherfucking months in
a row hunchback jack says I've know but
a subscriber for 6 percent of my life oh
my god I regret nothing thanks for
another great stream gents interesting
it's hearing things like that that
really really makes you feel like you're
just wasting your life been subscribed
to them for 6% of my life oh my oh what
am i doing what am i doing yeah no no
like defunct row blonde thanks for
subscribing development heck says I
finished Stephen King's new book great
premise and situation wait I'm not even
gonna read the rest terrible ending
really falls apart of the
I was drowning immediately but the
ending didn't live up to the story that
seems to be his friend is this your
first Stephen King here's the thing
about Stephen King III think it's very
easy to joke about Stephen King because
literally that's every single one of his
book yeah every single one every single
one but that man needs to be respected
just for his output alone he just he
works we can make 200 shitty videos a
month jack yeah we could wouldn't be
worthy of respect but you know what if a
couple of them got picked up for
feature-length movies then we'd have a
pretty sweet deal it may be fine
nah he's working man that he's just put
putting out putting out doesn't need to
be perfect that's that's a Stephen King
is a is motivation for all of you young
artists out there doesn't need to be
perfect doesn't need to have a good
ending just get it out someone will buy
it chance bringing up misery as a
Stephen King work then doesn't fall
apart at the end I've never read I
haven't read it either but the movie
yeah that was fine I don't think that I
had a letdown ending well so is the
shining but Stephen King hated the
adaptation of The Shining House the
ending of the book difference.i I don't
know okay just different okay it's just
different like the worst is needful
things which one's needful things I
think just magic veins come out of his
watch and and kill the bad guy just
randomly completely randomly magical
beam comes out of his watch
I think of editions watch that also like
has like flowers come out of it but in
this case sends a magical beam that
kills the bad guy in the book the hotel
blows up
it says unit 603 idiot shanks ending is
good Wow okay our shank is amazing look
look look look when you write 800 books
some of them by chance are gonna like he
has 800 books and you guys have
mentioned like maybe one and a half
endings are good this is what you're
reaching for here no but again it
doesn't need to be perfect just remember
that for your own work Stephen King is a
famous author and most of his books fall
apart at the end you can do it live your
dreams don't let your dreams be dreams
gruff Mick military for thirty fucking
months in a row whose is evening gents
as a part-time graphic artist I wonder
if I should publish some rich and Jack
artwork in an anime theme you'd have to
love anime then right just kidding love
you guys too much to do that and I don't
draw anime alright and I'm sure I'm sure
there are anime drawings of me out there
I'm sure sure this is already happening
right and you do you men yeah you do you
load Oricon wickless for 45
motherfucking months in a row says hey
guys love your stuff keep up all the
good work out of curiosity how is it
decided who is on the panel for each
best of the worst
does it just cycle or is it must less
formal than that I'm guessing the ladder
thanks guys and have a good night
everything's pretty informal yeah I
think it usually starts with were you on
it last time alright then I'll be on it
this time and if we've all been on it
last time that it's like I don't know
who's got something to say I usually
just assume I'm gonna be on it because
I'm the mascot yeah yeah Brattle 23
really really this decision only needs
to be made when both me and Josh are
here yeah and then and then we just go I
was on last week you go ahead yeah yeah
just that easy
yeah
Brattle 23 says months got reset again
I'll never make it into fucking
territory at this rate
remember kids twitch Prime subscriptions
require diligent re clicking monthly
diligent reclick that's true it does for
your loss
tornadoes Seoul Doki rampage for 12
months in a row says remembered he was
calm was a shill shill week yep yep
you're doing my job for me I love it
just reading what they wrote but I feel
so dirty rich we've successfully
crowd-sourced shillings a dinky rampage
says remember to use your Amazon Prime
account to subscribe it's free you fucks
is that good enough to read Jack you
dirty shill yep
you're doing great you're doing great
everyone mr. blanket
who says random question but do you know
what happened to Dick Grayson in the
Batman Beyond universe he's not
mentioned in the show but I think they
did some weird stuff with him in the
comics any any like a construction
worker in the Batman return of the Joker
where was that Tim or was that that
might have been Tim yeah I don't I don't
know what happened to dick I guess I
didn't watch I didn't watch Batman
beyond that vigilantly you know I saw
like you know a season or two here and
there but he got shot by the Joker and
retired as night where oh okay they're
saying that was Tim who was a
construction worker
why don't sim was in that I just thought
it was the construction remember the
construction worker was supposed to be
dick or not yeah
but okay dude dude venture eighty to me
I was a PG VG 64 for twenty six fucking
months in a row evil Lord David for 20
months in a row who says hey guys David
here again for the big - oh love you
both you're welcome - thank you David
romantic heelas for 21 months in a row
says you're The Hobbit and you're the I
gotta do this like gosh I don't okay
you just do it funny you're The Hobbit
now dog or The Hobbit no don't go I
can't do it I can't
why is he saying you're The Hobbit now
you're the man now dog is a thing I know
you're the man now dog yeah everyone
knows you're the man now dog but why a
hobbits specific ah bit I don't know and
I don't you know what I don't care
creeping death 101 j RR Lovecraft for 18
months in a row who says will Batman and
Catwoman have a honeymoon away from the
work of comics after they marry or will
DC expect them to skip it Wow well DC
certainly expected them to skip it
machine gun funk for 27 fucking months
in a row leftover beef cake for 44
motherfucking months in a row reading
this off of beefcake zone watcher which
sounds slightly perverted who says in
the next season of previously recorded
the voice of the character leftover
beefcake will be provided by Jack
Packard in the style of Michael Caine
what do we do when we fool muster reach
well I lost my Michael Caine voice
midway through the sentence I can't
osmium buckshot says a cheer shared
words for own up that's the thing that
happens I think automatically Oh
shared reward with 47 others in the chat
but I don't think it's a message they
left before your automated thing we got
there on the floor every now and then
they assured of what 47 others I don't
find no nubes awakened casual horse -
horse 31 fucking months in a row use
jury name for 44 motherfucking months in
a row space aliens super cocaine for
twenty six fucking months and Rome says
how long has it been my twenty sixth
month anniversary Zoom Li one month
presumably Lenten flexin ski for 22
months in a row who says who's a better
character
Nux or furiosa
they're both good they're both good
either will good there you know what
they're both good and more importantly
they're complimentary of each other yes
they they work well as part of the
ensemble so there you go i Knox's arcus
fun and furious and furiosa of course is
you know they anchor the movie but you
know you know the the depressing part of
that movie what everyone ends up right
back where they started but do they
but do they but rich we were the real
monster the whole time Lux's he's
expected to give his life for his his
God King and then he finds his way out
of that but in the end he ends up
sacrificing his life just for someone
else but someone he loves but it was his
show but it was his choice that's the
difference every time but max he's he's
once he's captured they forced him to be
somebody's blood bag you know in the end
he ends up giving blood to furiosa by
choice mm-hmm yeah yeah I just I just
think that's an interesting little thing
running through fury road yeah but a lot
of the characters doing exactly what
they were doing in the beginning but on
their own terms now it's it's kind of
like it's a fucking good movie yeah it's
kind of like it's a damn good movie okay
where we up what oh I'm just gonna be
seeing what they're saying in chat
I guess for those who don't know yet not
knucks and furios are characters in Mad
Max fury road I would expect everyone to
know that because Mad Max fury road is
just an awesome fucking movie and it's
something we talk about all the time and
how about how it's an awesome movie it's
one of the best movies ever made
possibly my favorite movie fucking great
great movie and yes mr. plinkus yes rich
is being all arty-farty and it's great
and occasionally and it's great okay we
already did that one how about a black
mark we need to get away from the
Citadel oh wait no we have to go back
the city blood but we're choosing to go
back oh yeah it's in there it's in there
I mean it's in there and every bit of it
right at the end do they turn the water
on
is there a scene where they turn the
water on for everyone Lea because how
quickly by the lane how quickly is
furiosa gonna realize that she really
needs to start rationing that water and
she's gonna be the one cutting it off
how quickly is that gonna happen like
pretty pretty fucking quick and then
she's gonna need somebody to defend that
city because of all that fucking water
jisu she did some she's gonna need some
war boys to fight for her it's
ultimately a very depressing film well
but so fun oh that's why it stops it
does there's a reason that the movie
stops there because you don't need to
think about anything else beyond that
you don't need to think about the fact
that now max doesn't have a car and is
walking out on his own survives that all
the time and he's lost like three pints
of blood this happen to max like eight
times and there's only been four movies
that's great it's great but no it's it's
filled with like rich said it's filled
with that that mirroring uh-huh the
movies
arts with you know the turning out of
the water and the rationing of it in the
it ends with the turning on the water
but in victory it's great okay
we are at Black List did we get Anubis
awakened I did earlier okay and this is
a we another weird duplicate where it
says a cheer you said a black mark to
did okay Lou so you just did that one
example I scrolled up and I lost my spot
I notice it as I was saying it to be
fair but it's a short name I couldn't
really stop where I could take a leer
and that would just be awkward no they
just finished it was just great because
like you had like three senior moments
in a row but did you do the next one
okay then you definitely didn't like
this like Mad Max fury road is a great
movie did you know then that there's a
mirroring and Mad Max fury
