Jul 22, 2018
MOTHERGUNSHIP, Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/288091864
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/288091865
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp2pg4s2J0Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e8wBm4o5Ws
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1021137183531569153

[Part I]
and we're going and I don't know if they
see us but we're going and there it is
all right hey everybody
how you doing hi everybody so who wants
to start
it's very awkward but it shouldn't be
awkward it is no I mean it is like you
know it's it's something that I've been
thinking about a lot I know so I'm just
gonna go right out and say it
you go right ahead and said this is the
end this is the penultimate stream
that's right before the last one right
no but ultimate I think is is the bottom
day haven't we been through this before
penultimate I don't know we that weren't
we're being serious we're we're we're
closing up shots shots shop come on ramp
closing up shop you can't even get it
together for the announcement I don't
know that's a classic rich Evans we are
we are we are we're ending previously
recorded and previously recorded live
yeah after after quite a bit of a run
how long we've been at this over four
years over four years we've decided to
bring it to an end
penultimate is next to less well we we
are planning on streaming Wednesday yes
we are we are going to do probably co-op
pub G because that always seems to be
the most fun
finally after everyone insisting we do
more of it maybe pub G maybe Friday the
13th yeah we'll do something fun and
silly on Wednesday night or do we rich
do we do what gobbledygook tells us to
do which
oh do we do that
maybe we should that would be I mean
that would be quite a way to end it
that's probably appropriate the biggest
running gag of the entire prereq history
yeah I won't say the name out loud
because I don't everyone knows it but
what why are we stopping that is a very
good question that's the question rich
absolutely no I I haven't been feeling
it lately it's like I feel like I'm
spinning my wheels a bit yeah I feel
like I feel like we're at that point
where we've been kind of telling the
same story over and over again yes and
so what I worry about and this is me as
a horrible business person what I'm
worried about is that the products that
rich and I are giving you fine people is
isn't as good as it should be mm-hmm and
you know we're just not we don't have
anything fresh to bring to it we don't
like cinematic games you know we don't
like cinematic games cinematic gaming
sucks you know I don't like cinematic
games hey we really like next um I
really had that big fan of Star Wars
yeah I'm really not that big fan of Star
Wars hey really not that big a fan our
words we enjoyed the gameplay of Metal
Gear Solid 5 but we didn't like the
story parts you know you know Jack you
know jack doesn't like first game Jack
doesn't like first game but that's only
because I grew up on a farm you just get
over that and you know what I forgot to
start the torture damn it no there it is
like it's their home no I started to
know I started in now repeating the bits
is fun no I guess you know like as a
kind of as a as a channel we've done a
fair amount of growing yeah a
respectable amount of growing over the
past four years but not
tongue mm-hmm and and so you know we
kind of we kind of hit this this edge
this plateau and we haven't been able to
we're moving up very very slowly and I
just don't think it's there I think our
efforts are best put somewhere else okay
so I mean snow it's not like a best of
the worst or anything is going anywhere
no of course not
of course not just previously recorded
and of course you know we'll keep the
YouTube channel up in the twitch channel
up you know too for anyone who wants to
watch past streams or past episodes or
whatnot yes Gina suavo
I'll be starting up my own cooking
stream that's that's what that's what
we're pivoting towards we're gonna pivot
towards live eating on the bright side
we will tell you what project Hornet
would have been you'll you'll get to
hear all about project Hornet oh no oh
well maybe should we should we wait for
Wednesday and I can actually bring it in
or do we want to start talking about it
now and then I'll bring it in on
Wednesday to try but you know what
because we have a whole conversation
about it now yeah we probably talk about
it now okay
bring it on Wednesday no no more reviews
no more screams
they were here's what I liked about them
and here's here's what I think here's
what I think we offered but as it turns
out no one really wanted I think we we
offered something that's lacking in
video game criticism yeah which is a
conversation yeah yes one big
conversation about a specific game the
UPS the Downs the the the nuance uh-huh
as it turns out people don't really want
that as our our most successful episodes
our most viewed episodes were just us
dunking on a game yeah just straight up
hating everything about it those were
the most popular episodes oh yeah and we
can't keep that up we can't we can't
only hate or only love every single game
so people are well they you know it's
it's
it is what it is I'm sorry I thought you
guys did it because it was fun well
we've been doing it for four years and
you don't want to keep doing it to the
point where it's not fun anymore and I
think that's the really important point
yeah thank you for bringing that up is
we were getting to the point I feel
where we were about to turn a corner to
where this would be not fun a complete
grind a complete grind and we both saw
it ahead of time like you know what if
we keep doing this we're gonna end up
hating it and so why don't we stop now
while we still enjoy it oh no I know
lately it's been like we come in like
what are we doing tonight I don't know
yeah I don't know hmm
whatever what do you want I've heard of
this game man I know I'll just play Orcs
Must Die right exactly right exactly and
so I think I think that's that's the
real reason we're stopping now is we do
still enjoy this right now so why don't
we leave while we have some fond
memories and we don't just remember the
horrible grind yeah I blame the game
industry says gobbledygook no they're
fine they're putting out some fine fine
games it's gonna be fine everything's
gonna be fine
oh the row we'd finally removed their
skeleton it's true that'll be painful no
no and you know I I liked I liked a lot
I thought we had some really good
episodes I thought we had some really
good streams yeah I thought we had some
great moments and so you know what like
Seinfeld bridge let's end on top all
right yeah because that's where we are
right now right well and we never got to
the table jack we're know we're on top
which he never got to the table that's
come on be with me here we're on top all
right we're going on time we're
definitely on top I'm going to buy $5
worth of loot boxes every month just to
spite you guys his Johnson I mean why
why why give that to another streamer
you can do what you want man give that
give that somewhere else is this going
to be the last room no we're gonna come
back on Wednesday night yeah Wednesday
will be our official last dream I'm
gonna bring in my PC and we're gonna end
doing some co-op games because those
seem to be the most fun what's the first
name you have on there
I have Dexter's sinister I'm gonna read
I'm gonna read some of the ones it looks
like we might die before before this
girl's out wins them for you I'm just
gonna thank some people who we did we
didn't we didn't turn our thing that
keeps trying I was subscribed because
we're on top of it as always so I'm
gonna read the names off my secondary
stream before I lose the information
more bows 1000 for 22 months in a row
yeah SARS ank shek so dumb
bruiser Inc for 22 months in a row
sinnerman 24 fucking months in a row and
40 funky tombs I didn't want you guys to
feel left out
at the end of the stream so I'm reading
your names no I got them absolutely
absolutely
all right yeah so basically that's it
like you know it's it's uh we it's just
a we super appreciate that you all of
you who have stuck around for all of
these years it's insane to me
and you know you will say we will still
do stuff we just won't do this I might
do something else in the future but oh
yeah like we might we might think of an
idea
yeah but game is related and that's why
I like we're not games related fartin
exactly we could do whatever we want and
so like we're not shutting down any of
the channels in case we want to use them
later we're just not going to be active
on them for the foreseeable future
all right so Project Hornet you wanted
to talk about that now sure sure all
right so so what uh well we
some of the some some of the some of the
things that have happened to us well
we've been stringing dreamin I've
learned to de invert my controls for one
yeah which is something that's just
weird for me I never I didn't even think
you can do that I thought I just like
handedness once you got used of course
up is down down is up it's that's how it
always is for me and you more
importantly learn how to play games with
a mouse changed my life you learn WASD
yeah yeah but you were never fond of the
keyboard controls right the you know cuz
WASD there there off-centered like I'm
not a touch typist at all and so like if
I if you ever have to press like Q or e
for me like my fingers would get
hopelessly lost yeah yeah so but I've
had for a while that here's the the frag
effects little nunchuck Deeley which is
just a WASD converter for joist and you
brought that in one day yeah and the
frag FX it's this little it's like lob
it's like the the Wii Nunchuk with those
with the control stick on it
yeah yeah and I thought oh that's that's
really neat but it's super uncomfortable
yes it's very uncomfortable it's not the
most comfortable thing in the world and
Project Hornet was basically us trying
to design a keyboard replacement for
keyboard and mouse we were trying to
design our own joystick because the
other thing the other function lacking
from the frag effects is it only has a
few button yeah and you know like the so
the joy of this is it replaces three
fingers with just one thumb WASD is just
a thumb but you need to hold on to it
with three other fingers so you only
have one other finger free and it has
this little d-pad on it but you can only
press a d-pad if you take your finger
off the thumb take your thumb off of the
joystick right and so I kind of had the
idea what if we had this hood going up
like over there all the buttons on it
and easy reach yeah yeah yeah so we had
some some some some ideas and rich
actually molded something out of clay
yeah to try to give a good idea and we
had some incredibly talented people
helping us design it and implement it
and we have we have a
a janky 3d printed prototype I have it
at home yeah and we got to the point
where I started pitching this out there
there are local companies who you know
can kind of take your ramshackle idea
and actually maybe make it happen and I
started pitching it out to companies who
I thought would help us you know like
hey can you take us that next step and
actually maybe help us design like a
functioning prototype that we can then
try to sell to someone or tell that's
not just a plastic shell exactly or you
know if we could have a design that we
could then crowdfund or you know
something like that and my response is
ranged from no response to no thank you
you know we're not we're not interested
in pursuing this with you at this time
all that kind of stuff right and so
Omari Meyer is sharing pictures great
thank you Mario Mario and so yeah that
was kind of this like little side
project that we were working on here
there it had these wonderful buttons it
still wasn't perfect it wasn't great it
was I mean heck it wasn't even good but
it was something one of these days I
would still love a better nunchuck yeah
I think there's a more efficient use of
your thumbs and fingers than WASD but
you know we'll never get there because
you know we're not that kind of people
we're video producers and we're so check
out our brother it.if well the hope is
if a company would have said yes we can
put these resources together we can get
you here even for X amount of dollars
that's when we would have started a
Kickstarter yeah is to say okay here's
our design here's our concept this
company's gonna make it here we can
deliver by that date yeah and we never
got to that next step because we
obviously don't know how to manufacture
anything we never got to that next step
and so the Kickstarter never happened
but yeah you know we tried some fun
stuff okay so that's what Project Hornet
was unfortunately it will never be
realized but if one of you out there
works for gameshark
the class you know remember gameshark
controllers I'm sure they'd still around
probably not the the the most well known
shit dispensers of all times gameshark
the makers and once you've made game
stops crap controller exactly that like
you know whenever you went over to a
friend's house and they had three nice
controllers and then that one controller
that didn't work Mad Catz that was
always a Mad Catz controller that's what
it is thank you guys Mad Catz all right
it was always a Mad Catz
with a Z controller and so Mad Catz
wasn't willing I think they're out of
business now but they weren't willing to
buy unfortunately but if you if you work
for a company like that you want to take
that idea take it make it happen make it
happen but you know I know I didn't try
hyper can III I tried at local companies
that work in the manufacturing industry
and like it's literally their job to
take prototypes and figure out how to
get the manufactured yeah like that's
their what their job is and I guess they
didn't see the profit margin or the need
or the want for something like this
friend to prefer there might not be a
want this is something that I
desperately want and I'm doing something
with it it's something that I just
really want but no one else does I don't
think it would make couch play for mouse
and keyboard easier like this you
wouldn't have to balance a keyboard on
your lap you just need a lap desk with a
big mouse pad and this is all you need
yeah and it's it's oh it's so close it's
so close rich but it's not quite there
last dream forever no wings I think a
problem we would have run into yeah is
people's hand sizes are pretty different
yeah but like other controllers exist
like like we got our prototype in yeah
and it fits good in your hand
mmm I think I think from my hands some
of the
wouldn't seem like they're close
together yeah yeah well they would but
that would have been another issue and I
would have been a hurdle right yeah and
then and then just you know figuring out
like if there was any like sort of
software needed just to make it a
keyboard you know like oh there was a
million obstacles that rich and I had no
idea how to deal with and we were kind
of tackling them as we went along you
know there there were there's a whole
design thing that rich and I don't know
how to do and then a prototyping thing
that rich and I don't know how to do
this would be this would be all software
so I would have no idea how to implement
but I was thinking if there would be
some kind of like button on it you could
hold down yeah and like an overlay would
just pop up like doom style where you
could like select a weapon quickly just
for any game right but I just have
preset one the one one through nine keys
and a thing that would pop up on it
overlay if you hold down that and you
just select it right but that could
icould that even exists I don't know I
have no idea I don't know either what is
going on are you tuned in a little too
late a big announcement yeah this is our
this is our four people who are coming
in late this is our second-to-last dream
apparently you were correct with that
term this is the penultimate yeah stream
which I guess we should have titled it
but we didn't know that word before so
this is it yeah then we're just you know
we what we've been telling is the story
of what Project Hornet was to break the
silence
we didn't want to tell anyone in case
someone thought it was a good idea and
had contacts and made it before we made
it because we can I have no contacts but
now if you want to go ahead and have we
haven't been doing anything take it yeah
take it make it just give me one that'll
be my feet give rich and I one and
that'll be our fee how about that
killing prereq yeah yeah we're you know
what we're not killing prereq we are
retiring yeah prereq it's not dead it's
just you know we're taking it to the
farm we're taking it back to the farm
where all the other streaming and
YouTube channels go to live out the best
of their days
all right so so now she want game
tonight but that was the other thing we
discussed beforehand it was like too
evil yeah yeah yeah I want to play some
games tonight we I got I did bring enter
the gungeon
because they actually they did a
significant in this act adjust time I
want to talk about newswise yeah a lot
of people went enter the gungeon came
out wanted it or or thought of it as a
binding of issac killer yeah though it
had a big problem enter the gungeon
which is it didn't have the same
stacking synergy system for the most
part that Isaac had and actually they
just released a new update and what what
did you want to call the sequel do you
remember enter the gumbel and through
the gun go welcome to the Gundel that
wasn't welcome to the Gundel you wanted
to call it welcome to the Gunkel they
did not call it that damn it
they called it Advanced Dungeons &
Dragons which i think which i think is a
good title so what they added is a ton
more stacking items yeah they added a
significant amount of synergy and so
I've been playing it a little bit
haven't noticed anything too much what
I've noticed is a lot more chests
contain passive items okay so I think
that's what they're they're trying to
build towards that like stack your
powers yeah which is nice you know it's
what they're going for so if that I also
want to play mother gunship which is a
first-person gun building roguelike and
then you were talking about maybe
playing curse of the moon yeah it's the
curse of move the Castlevania knockoff
yeah alright I don't know that any one
of these is gonna go as a whole stream
so I guess we should just start with
something you know well I happen to have
mother ship up right here you have
mother ship up right there alright I'm
gonna play it but I will have an episode
chat is going through the seven stages
of grief in real time and nobody's dying
we're still gonna be around we're still
gonna be around this will not change
any red letter media content this is
just us I hate you both so much right
now oh that's not true that's not true
at all you love us and you're sad to see
us go and that's okay you want to turn
on the game title on the and the game
itself that's tofu eating zombie we have
no teasers for what we're working on
next because we're we're just not
working on anything next it will be it
will be out there if rich and I ever
decide to do something again but we're
right now we have nothing planned we're
gonna we're gonna extended hiatus I
think is what like bands used to say how
will I get to interact with you do the
comments I'm on Twitter
sorry yep this is it Oh Thank You hack
button
I mean mess with my controls a little
bit my sensitivity I usually like it up
a bit this is going to be
Kiba froggie lives is so long and thanks
for all the fish thank you emo duck says
is Jack's eating stream replacing
previously recorded no no now Jack's
eating stream is not replacing we're
started that should be the joke is we're
start we're gonna start a live eating
Channel I'm gonna do I'm I need the time
to practice I'm joining a competitive
eating Federation oh yeah oh yeah we're
we're gonna change it to previously
recorded triple jumps Jack Malan says
thank you guys for everything I will
miss your conversations and banter
here's a little something for the
coffers cheers mates we appreciate it
and yeah we appreciate you guys sticking
around for as long as we did you know I
know a lot there were a lot of I think
there I think there were a lot of
expectations of people coming into the
live stream and I know like you know we
number wise we started out oh oh I have
two guns
I'm sure if anybody stuck her like I
know you know I know we started with
some decent numbers but then eventually
people realize it was you asked me in
you and a few of you stuck around and
and we really appreciate
and I pick up
okay
we're the only Bob from the future says
I totally get we are coming from with
ending on top that's exactly what we're
doing rich we're ending on top were the
top streamers the reasons I kept coming
back was that you're Venter and
chemistry is really what was great I
could listen to you guys talk about just
about anything so whatever you do next
keep us updated will do key b85 says
hello wreckers or should I say goodbye
wreckers that's PS silver-lining my
support soldier mokey from the XCOM
enemy would then run will now live
forever hooray
thanks for all the amazing streams I
love you guys that's right I never did
finish an ex-con run because I'm the
idiot they're gonna be so mad at you
they won't they won't Superbad palaces
rich thank you for encouraging me every
day my name is Cameron so I took a clip
from your kill point best of the worst
and made it a ringtone every time I get
a message of any kind I hear you saying
you can do it Cameron very cool
I noticed that Jesus Christ you know
there was an Air Show this weekend
did you know that I don't know if you
guys can hear that like a flock I get
you know what I'll be honest I don't
even know if I understand why people
like air shows
yeah I know it's just it's planes flying
too fast for you to see them which can
be fun sometimes I'm gonna be shouting
we can hear it yeah cuz it's fucking
double-click where's my barrel
oh shit I wasn't paying attention to
something I wasn't paying attention to
something and I now don't know how to
make my gun
then dorbz din says so now finally I
have some days off and can watch you
guys live huh and this is what I get to
hear this is it feels bad sorry anyway
thanks for all the great shows best of
luck for whatever you were up to next
thank you thank you we appreciate my gun
that wasn't a holy paying attention to
start start clicking on things
okay
oh that's how you do it okay there we go
I figured it out you have to click on
the arrow until I choose what goes where
the arrow is okay cool yeah all right no
we're done dildo schwag in the sense
isn't it kind of odd that agent Smith's
show up as villains in the Lego Batman
movie brief cameo on the Phantom Zone
but a but a bit extreme and not
something little kids would really get
very cool to see him next to a gremlin
and a velociraptor though also though
with little kids get who's Sauron is
probably Lord of the Rings their parents
probably watch those movies all the time
let's watch Lord of the Rings little
bits the reason we were able to convince
our kids to watch Lord of the Rings is
because they wanted to know who Sauron
was from seeing it in Lego Batman oh
really
yeah they did know they had no idea no I
think like they just look like bad guys
you know and I think it's also important
in those movies that parents are taking
their kids to that there is something
for the parents yeah
a pre-k or cake AEI honey Browns AEI
paprika AE AE I yeah I II got pretty guy
freak I ain't sure okay yeah says on the
doom episode Cullen said there are no
bars in Toronto with 30 beers on tap you
get the chance please let him know that
Town Crier on a delayed and
Adelaide and prenup pub on College
Street have 50 and 70 beers on tap
respectively keep up the good work.we we
kind of won't you know Calum pays
attention to the stream every once in a
while so Colin yeah apparently there's a
bar that you could be going to do be
sandwich says Here I am finally found
the income to support you and you're
moving on I keep the money it's fine
keep it
it says wanted to say I'm at a loss of
words yet you're reading them I wish you
two the best and I wish the chat the
best as well and we're not taking the
channel down right no we're not taking
the job and yeah I don't I know the chat
likes to hang out and do movie dick
nights I mean all that I could still go
on absolutely all all the friends you've
made will still be here that's true true
it's true
Hardcore says one final tip do you fine
gentlemen that's exactly what we are
we're scrolling so fast I can't read
anything you guys were the only thing
scroll back up the scroll back up that I
look forward to me kanima leaked out I
hope you feel bad but I hope you feel
bad but maybe this hundred bucks
will take the sting off oh thank you
first of all settle down first of all
the second of all thank you thank you
thank you everybody it's true well I we
we really appreciate all you guys all
the time let's see what that does but
also settle down a Jade pimps all says I
don't know if I already gave you guys
five bucks for introducing me to the
train wreck that is nothing but trouble
so here's five more bucks just in case
thank you thank you
oh nothing but trouble thanks again what
a fantastic program
Varenka says gosh darn it rich and Jack
I guess nothing lasts forever and I
compare you to let's drown out by
Yahtzee and Gabe and now you good luck
with your future endeavors and I look
forward to the future content of red
letter media goodnight sweet prince
PR you're welcome anonymous listen Anna
says sorry I anonymously anonymously
tipped about Anna Mae so much it was a
fine running gag while it lasted no no
watch the first season of O Voltron o
the new Netflix vault a new Netflix
Voltron I was it would you like it not
good
I like everything except for the big
robot it's it's a neat cartoon but the
robot is so fucking silly
oh no and it makes no goddamn sense
last door had a skull in front of it
yeah I haven't robot is the most
powerful thing in the universe like the
most powerful thing in the universe
should be just a spaceship with like a
really big laser right I mean why a
robot yeah why a robot in view the bad
guy wants the robot because the robot is
the most powerful thing in the universe
oh and like well not every episode but
frequently he makes big monsters that
almost beat Voltron uh-huh just build 30
of those monsters that almost build beat
Voltron save up your money it's far more
cost-effective save up your money and
just build 30 Rover or even just two
right but in general a need a need show
oh good
Bridget possibly before Wednesday you
should watch the first episode of cowboy
bebop and just talk about anime and just
talk about anime for an hour they'll be
so pissed
does the latest Voltron have lions yes
and why do they bother with the fucking
Lions cuz it looks cool
just making sure it robot they just
formed the giant fucking robot to beat
the thing anyway why are you bothering
with the fucking lions who designed this
thing someone who really likes lighting
I don't know what your problem is people
are super into lions
no but the most fun stuff is when
they're out of the damn robot and like
sneaking around ships sure that's the
neatest stuff
waste
leftover beefcakes us $40 I paid for
rich to talk as Jimmy Stewart for a
whole stream was the best $40 I ever
spent
I've been proud to support the streamers
on Twitch who are rich in Jack that's
right all the best you guys thanks for
the members I was beefcake you're
welcome yep Al's beefcake you have been
incredibly helpful to us the torture is
a thing of beauty that I've really hope
that you get out to more streamers
because it's it's just wonderful Thank
You beefcake for all of your help in
this future Falls armed infant you know
all of our notes all of our lives yeah
what selfless individuals to take all
that crap for us you took a bullet for
us
week after week you guys great
you're famous person says honestly guys
there any way to start this rule you
know there really isn't it's tough I
know I know this is a future famous
person says yeah honestly I always
thought the addition of donations really
brought down the quality of the stream
the old ones where you guys could just
hang out and choose to read the chat or
not we're great and they were less
there's less redundancy and what you
talked about your I think you might you
might have a false equivalency you might
be the the problem is in the early days
of the stream is we didn't have running
gags and we had more stories yeah the
stories we're getting repeated we just
had more shit to talk about in the early
days and so that's why things weren't
repeated as much how many times have I
told the story I bought somebody at that
use DVD store right not enough times why
don't you tell it again for old times
sake Cronk 23a says after the clone
stream I always wanted to ask how much
of a donation would give us a full
stream of space cop versus throat cancer
Batman maybe you could humor me and keep
me in the third stage of grief
bargaining space cop vs. throat cancer
Batman
gentlemen sad to see you go your banter
and nuanced perspective in a field of
hyperbolic hyperbolic nonsense is
appreciated mm-hmm but I'd call into if
I had the answer to the same six
questions endlessly I'd call it in
- if I had to answer the same six
questions and I saw some look I mean you
can't you can't expect everybody to be
watching the stream every streams that's
I'm sure that's why we gonna ask a lot
of the same shit oh yeah I don't think
it's anyone purposefully yeah you know
being a dick to us I think you're right
it's new people come to the stream all
the time and say hey I've always wanted
this thing as we enter them and Baran
says thanks to the past four years guys
rich said fuck you to me one time I'll
carry that with me forever best of luck
in your future endeavors
I'll carry that with me forever I do
hold people know that usually frequently
not every time you know frequently when
I would get pissed off at somebody in
the chatter I was playing it up for
comedy absolutely absolutely I think
sometimes you were legitimately bad
couple times but I believe most the time
when you get a fuck you
I probably means that we're just maybe
percent of the time Oh
but I'm Wilkinson from tech support and
I'm your on-site certified maintenance
representative from Joe's arms and
armory Joe's arms and armory gun shape
solutions for alien armada shape
problems I've got three other totally
non expendable agents on other ships to
onboard today so I'll keep this brief
get your missions from the missions
console and remember James farces thanks
for everything guys we'll miss you both
looking forward whatever comes next
thank you the Godfather says are you
guys still going to do some work
together oh yeah I know but best of the
worst isn't likely going anywhere
anytime soon rich and I will you know
never see each other ever again ever
well and yeah the also like we're not
that this doesn't mean that no other
video game content will ever come out
from us or no other other content will
ever come out with us if we if we think
of an idea we'll put it out there mm-hmm
but you know we're this is just an end
to this particular thing yeah where's
the missions console
is about more than just destroying the
mother gunship
there's an entire Armada to destroy to
select an archivist ship to choose your
mission right now our scanners only pick
up one within range future future jaysis
thank you both for your for your years
oh my god you can do thank you both for
you years spent with us these nights
have been enjoyable times to hang out in
the Flex your time has been appreciated
a question since we can recent scribe
when the stream is off can we just keep
subscribing
David oh fuck you can give us as much
money as you want I mean I mean look
fuck if I thought we didn't have to be
here to collect the tips we would've
stopped doing this a long time ago I
mean we're not saying not to I guess
yeah yeah I do it do whatever you want
to do but just know that you know and
it's not necessary
jaysus 582 says Jack Jesus okay great
because it doesn't just scroll a little
bit it Scrolls all the way to the top
yeah yeah despite this being the last
stream is everything fine if so when is
everything fine you know overall
everything is fine all the time and and
again that's that's one of the reasons
that we made this decision is we wanted
to go out before it wasn't fine all the
time maybe it would just be fine some of
the time or maybe it wouldn't be fine at
all and so like by choosing to leave now
we're also like leaving where we feel
happy with the stream you know
and that's an important part zero not
says listen here you hacks ok I'd donate
with real money for the first time and
now this happens
yes get this dug or out of my back love
you both
best of luck and whatever's next thanks
Thank You senator Bart Simpson says
thanks for everything you goofballs
might not be able to make it to
Wednesday stream so this may be my last
tip now I'm gonna have to spend two more
days of the week with my family thanks
jerks alright
bababooey very cool thank you we very
much appreciate it
eerie theory says I might seem like a
troll maybe I like to be goofy and have
fun in chat
you guys have insightful things to say
about pop culture stuff I'm interested
in video games and comic books and
movies and you have interesting
conversations thank you thank you
you know we appreciate them froggie live
says shame we won't get to see your
thoughts on the new spiderman game after
all maybe for your last dream you can
finally check out this great game called
DC Universe Online it's on stream for
free you fucks
right groin stank says quick question
why not do random review streams only on
games you both just happened to play
like doom - no need to editor review
just come and check is there a lot of
work behind the scenes for streams
sometimes is what I'll say to that we
got is sometimes and sometimes they you
know there's there's a reason that we're
that we're calling it quits even even
with the occasional stream and you know
there's a lot of varied things but yeah
like put it like streaming isn't just as
simple I mean I mean for it well I guess
now it is like now it's just as simple
as turning on a computer but if it's not
something we did twice a week it would
be a whole thing like oh we have to set
this up we have to set this that we have
to do this we have to make sure that
this software is running correctly we
have to make sure that this program is
running correctly there's a lot of
behind the scenes work that means we
either need to do it all the time or
doing it part of the time isn't really
feasible
unfortunately on where unfortunately
that's just kind of truth the truth whoa
whoa so that is we do have to kind of
pick and choose
well-well-well shepherding another MC
Lucca says I feel sick right now
watching and interacting with you guys
is the highlight of my week I hope you
change your mind but I understand thanks
aunt Elizabeth
I've watched every stream and will
continue to watch everything you do in
the future
thanks for everything love you thank you
welcome and thank you for your support
you've been here Dan beginning I think
right right I think a lot I think a lot
of you dickheads have been here than
beginning and it's it's it's heartening
we we very much appreciate it and I know
that's kind of you know become a little
bit of like the line but it's also just
very true we we wouldn't keep you know
we wouldn't have done this for as long
as we did if it weren't for y'all and
and we just appreciate you guys being
around and having some fun with us yeah
all this time
Rumpy kik says thanks for all the great
streams guys have any of you guys played
moonstone on the Amiga I think the sound
effect for the Sasquatch and suburbian
Sasquatch come from that game love the
projectionists in Stockholm
cactus mutt says I wanted to make a
reference to you know I'll do my best I
wanted to make a reference to TNG's all
good things but then streaming online
poker would be awful thank you both for
everything see you out there thank you
oh it's too big manga Doug says seems
like I'm not gonna make that forty
eighth month anniversary it was at forty
seven sorry still I loved your streams
and your chemistry together good night
my sweet princes parting is such sweet
sorrow
Oh always be on the lookout for any
surprise stream in the future
bunga done for 48 goddamn motherfucking
months in a row holy shit thank you for
subscribing there you go
you didn't rich you made it happen
oh I think I just lost a bunch Oh oh
yeah really yeah like from scrolling
like like like they're just gone there
might be another way together yeah there
might be another way to get them
Ola hold up there you know you know I do
I do
dude usually there's an archive some way
just gotta find them
okay that doesn't out why can't we get
the full page rich never think about
that oh here we go dude yeah this is you
know now for this screen you might have
to hold on yeah oh yeah yeah and here
there so yeah this isn't a it's kind of
a weird format but okay okay as long as
they're yeah they're there don't 871
says prereq is ending what excuse will I
have to stay up until 3:00 a.m.
every Sunday and Wednesday seriously
though going to miss you guys thanks for
all the streams you yeah maybe you'll go
to bed on time and be a more productive
member of society that's all what we can
all also the streams are ending can rich
finally tell us about that bad fan
interaction no I really like I've
decided it's best not to
it was super creepy yeah that's probably
right caller yeah madam says glad to
catch my first stream looking forward to
seeing you guys each week now that right
there is a quality troll yeah that's
anonymous says hijack me if this is a
dumb question okay but when you edit do
you bill for time spent loading from SD
to computer rendering etc since you can
also be spending that time gaming eating
housework etc do clients understand
that's part of it you never you never
get into that like when you're billing
you know or when you're like when you're
when you're billing like a lot of times
when you quote cuz usually it's not just
like oh here's my hours at the end of
the projects it's it's a quote first and
yet where you say like oh I'm gonna
guess this projects is gonna take me
approximately 20 hours to edit that time
is built in to that approximate 20 hours
and and when when I bill I break it down
specifically and and that time is billed
specifically for me and yeah customers
are usually pretty receptive towards it
I've had some I've had some who have
taken issue yeah
in the past I've had some we're trying
I'm trying to think oh I did this thing
it was for it was for one of those I did
it I can't say their name but they were
they were kind of a shady marketing
company okay and like their home
marketing new shtick was based it almost
felt very pyramid scheme ii and i did a
thing for them you know they just wanted
this little like informational video
thing right so i did it form and and as
i was handing it unveil i said oh this
is the the amount of time ain't no
actual editing this is my import-export
time you know logging footage and
exporting out is all it just takes time
and and they question that and they said
well why why are you charging for this
like if you had a faster machine that
you could do this faster mm-hm and i
said well i but i don't this is the time
it takes and while it's importing and
exporting i can't do any other work for
you because that computer is taking up
that workload and it was actually a
really big back-and-forth argument about
like the proper use of village time but
also like it was very close to my
estimated amount of time yeah and that's
the real it's the real thing is when
you're working with a client
eventually you get to know about how
much time it will take and so your
estimations will be pretty accurate
should be pretty accurate but yeah I've
had a couple I've had one in particular
sign connector I don't know what sockets
really do let's see but uh yeah I've had
a couple who have taken it to weird
places just see what we can build here
at Brik a AEI how do we how do we decide
that was brown Stan I've cleaned
forgotten how we've decided that was
pronounced but Iike why I'm just gonna
say paprika papri paprika that's it says
the stream may be ending but a sir a
chance of non stream related video game
content being released for games you
like and would play on your own time
anyways I think they asked that twice
early somebody asked something very
similar right and yeah the answer is
still the same me nothing yet nothing's
uh nothing's out of the realm of
possibility bran flakes 45:47 says when
I started listening a year and a half
ago I never thought it would become part
of my daily routine you guys have
brought much joy over the years
thanks a bunch and double thanks for the
YouTube archives and good luck to both
of you
Thank You latchkey kid says the latchkey
kid you guys are one of the only streams
i watch together with the go off kings n
chapeau Trap House and I'll be sad to
see you go thanks for everything and
rich please try Babylon 5 again and
start with episode 18 a voice in the
wilderness this time at some point I
will give Babylon 5 shop
and I think I'm getting it
I think I'm getting in
true-blue review says hey guys eyes
again the vine sauce team is doing their
annual charity stream for the pediatric
cancer research fund its last day with
the last segment from Vinnie coming up
in an hour
would appreciate you guys plugging it
and hope vine shroom net oh and hope dot
vine shroom net well there you go we
just we just plugged it by proxy yep
there's charity stream by the vine sauce
mr. pip-boy 3000 says thanks for all the
good times question yeah
when was the conversation between you
two on when to call it quits and who
initiated the conversation I think it's
just the way we've been feeling lately
it's been building up ha ha ha it has
been the the official conversation
though happened today yeah yeah but we
could tell yeah we could both tell that
there there was something going on and
yeah but the official conversation just
happened today and and in true prereq
fashion we both said it at the same time
said jinx then we had to find someone to
say our name three times and then we
could have the real conversation
okay all right now we're getting
somewhere
escape go says brand-new prereq family
I'm to see it in but wish you both the
best hopefully we'll see much more of
you beautiful bastards on our LM rich
any tips for XCOM to Jack any chance for
a D&D; stream at some point thanks for
all the entertainment probably knots
Matt you know nothing nothing is a click
X there we go you nothing is really out
of the realm of possibility is is what
I'll say just not you know right now at
the moment probably not right after you
have decided to call it quits the worst
time for a comeback that's like tomorrow
tomorrow I'll announce my D&D; centric
streaming channel with Richards perfect
rich can't fail I got a can't fail idea
and tips for XCOM to balance and the
fairy X come one or XCOM enemy unknown
or enemy within I'd said play
defensively though one of one of the
goods one of the actual good things
though a lot of people probably don't
agree about XCOM 2 is the the the timer
like doom counter that a lot of missions
have kind of kind of force your hand to
not always play defensively sorry I hey
I don't have any good solid easy advice
for you or other than experience right
learn learn what works mm-hmm
fail a lot and try to figure out why you
failed don't
afraid to use explosives yeah you you
never skimp on the grenades that
explosive you're holding on to because
you might need it later well you're not
gonna be able to use it later if you're
dead boom there's a ladder and then in
an early early game
I do not prioritize sectoid the soldiers
are more dangerous because the sectoid
nine out of ten times is going to use
his first attack to do some kind of like
psychic thing where he tries
mind-control or did SAP your will or
something that'll be non fatal while the
shoot the soldiers will be shooting at
you the shooting guys this she was I I
killed the guy I kill the the the
troopers before I focus on the sectoid
that's a quality different there yeah
that's usually what a sectoid
turns up you got you got one turn that
he's gonna spend doing something
non-fatal and you you can you can save
him for the next term but you gotta you
gotta kill those those troops
what
you monster says thanks a bunch you
glorious frauds if ever I run into you
guys out in the wild I'll be sure to buy
you a beer or a diet coke best wishes
and farewell thank you yeah we
appreciate that
Hey I did it doesn't eat soup that
supposed to be you I think that's me
yeah then you can you know make whatever
you put any guns on you did you on it's
straight out of StarCraft this is like
this is the movie we need it's just just
someone in a big mech suit destroying
this is like next-level Power Rangers
shit mm-hmm hey I made it through my
first mission that's great that's right
the world is changing and I am currently
great nope you might not be because no
but not this one I have to refresh this
one you know it has the the let's go
this doesn't scroll the nice part is it
doesn't automatically refresh yeah but
the bad part is it doesn't automatically
oh my god there's pop-up ads in my ship
why are there pop-up ads on your ship no
this is an adorable never click on
pop-up ads Oh God oh my has been
infected with pop up ahead just flavor
just like this is just to get me to my
next mission yeah
sure let's break everything around here
just unlock the door to the armory wing
Wilkinson Trev medev previously recorded
as a whole is finished so there will be
after Wednesday there will be no more
streams and no more episodes we're
retiring previously recorded as an eddy
forces
gonna miss you guys had fun on your
channel rich for this $20 plead please
read this I've come here to chew
bubblegum and kick ass
something else there you go doctors just
wanted to let you know I have been
dealing with anxiety and depression for
the past two years your streams have
helped me keep things together
thank you jack and rich I really
appreciate even with rich screaming aids
yes make it work every five minutes
that's just go just go let me go the
shooter thing
strong Blanc's says classic shows always
generate hardcore fandom that demands a
comeback looking forward to the
previously recorded prereq well serie
prequel series in 16 years time
yippee absolutely it's like part of the
prequels cut off I started reading it on
one line up Thomas J says any plans on
releasing a collection of all your
streams on DVD yep that would be an
absurd waste of money no I mean you
could the the hours yeah the the
absolute hours of content we have out
there is frankly just intimidating no it
wouldn't fit on DVD it wouldn't fit on
DVDs or blu-ray the amount of hours of
content we have approximately if we're
gonna if we're gonna estimate we have
streamed twice a week for the past four
years averaging about four hours of
stream yeah give or take yeah
so that's a hundred and four streams a
year times four right which is four
hundred and sixteen hours it's a lot
hours a four hundred approximately four
hundred and sixteen hours of streams
approximately right like whether it's
cuz you know of course you know rich
you've had your your no death runs your
solo streams sometimes we miss a stream
sometimes we stream extra in a month
sometimes we go long right it's four
times that oh that's right that's right
so that's four hundred sixteen a year
times four is over 1,600 hours that was
just for one year so then we times for
again for four years over 1,600 ow
so now someone how many hours fit on a
blu-ray that's not what quality let's
say let's say at and what most of Mirth
720 right I mean how many hours of
footage can fit on a blu-ray I could
check our YouTube stats well oh yeah and
that's by the way that's not including
all of our actual episodes that's just
the livestream 1600 hours of live
streams yeah sweet Jesus Christ that's a
lot of times we could have become fluent
in Russian at that time okay so a
blu-ray can fit nine hours of HD footage
on it so now someone do that math how
many blu-rays
to be fair yeah we're not we're not
broadcasting in HD quality
well 720 is still technically HD okay
okay most of them are 720 so now if
someone do the math how many blu-rays
can art in 1600 hours fit on what's
what's the what's the ridiculous math a
hundred and eighty yes so you can have
the complete 180 blu-ray collection of
the entirety of our live streams Jesus
crisp
that's ridiculous
the real van says hi guys right I won't
be able to make the Wednesday stream so
it looks like this is the end thanks for
all the games and all the laughs
wish you the best yes I hope that Jay
and Karin make surprise appearances
during the final stream there is nothing
tom tsao to hold your blood don't hold
your breath
Chuck Fox says thinking back on the two
years I've been here I realized I have
accomplished absolutely nothing of value
yay
maybe this will be an opportunity for me
to start a new chapter in my life thank
you for introducing me to this fantastic
community of artists
yeah we did it rich
favorite pies says I got Orcs Must Die
after saying you clamp and it was really
fun thanks for everything you're welcome
hey you know that's that's one you know
one of the hopes is that we you know
we've maybe shared some games that you
normally wouldn't play we've had some
we've had some labs had some yucks every
you know like we've talked about a lot
of great games to play on our final
stream what it's really going to be is
dusters for four hours that's because
that's my favorite game and I know that
was a crowd favorite
so you know a lot of a lot of
opportunities a lot of options
dr. Liu it up says I have a favor to ask
okay
sing-sing though the streams ending can
you change the YouTube playlists to be
in chronological order so I can more
easily watch old strange from before I
found out about prereq thanks again it
should be you know it's chronological
the newest is first the only thing they
wanted the other way around
oh and I shouldn't have worked the same
either way but uh okay yeah yeah as soon
as so you don't want to start at the
newest and then go backwards sure sure
I'm with you yeah as soon as we're all
done I will do that ah there you are
absolutely the answer to that is
absolutely
true-blue review says I used to watch
let's drown out where two guys talk
about shit and maybe argue while playing
games and the day they ended I sub to
prereq were you to talk about shit and
maybe argue while playing games no
anything I have watched keep it going
I only imagine there is just so many
channels right just just so many
channels thousands of streamers yes you
will not find there's not there's not
we're not uh you will I'm sure you will
be able to find plenty up north of
streamers out there just got to find one
that works for you
you can do it I believe in you
I'll falafels says it's good to go out
on top
safe journey friends you really need to
play David Lynch teaches typing it's
freeware but you might get a kick out of
it all the best thank you and to you as
well
David II know people sus have to
complain my name is actually pronounced
David I know people damn it I was
waiting till April Fool's to reveal the
fractal joke but you guys have been
saying my name wrong the whole time and
I hope rich enjoys that this time it
wasn't his fault
cue Dexter sinister says final stream
idea Jack plays his kids at Super Smash
Brothers ah they beat me the stream ends
once they can beat him once
one-on-one they beat me already oh well
let me just read this oh sure thanks for
all the great content and for being
genuine nuance bringing genuine nuance
opinions about pop culture that come
from the heart not sponsors well we
appreciate that yeah no they they
legitimate well to be fair yeah it was
two versus one they were on a team okay
and you know if you play on team they
can't damage each other yeah and so it
was two versus one and I got one down
the younger one I got him down and and
it was it was one life on one life it's
a hard-fought battle and I beat me that
is that was that why we're ending the
stream that's it not because because
that means my gaming career is over rich
I can't do it and my reflexes are gone
man that's exactly why we're ending now
just cuz I know it's all downhill from
here
only puzzle games and point-and-click
adventures because my hands aren't as
fast as they used to be
yeah that's great incognito lund says
the once was channel called prereq they
never could match master the stream tab
yes their games an old crash their
overlay was trash oh and I can't finish
this Limerick lol fuck my cock now hey
now you're going for the throat you
leave our you leave our overlay alone
you know it's quality that's improved
significantly since the initial versions
Jim is in the chat Jim you did it Jim
you're gonna be working on your
Millennium Falcon model while you're
listening to the stream it's true
welcome Jim
booster whisker cuddle says I have my
first acting class today I want to try
to make a career out of singing opera
and acting and shitty horror movies cuz
they seem so fun I always wondered what
would you all be doing if the episode
one play get one really yeah episode 1
blanket review didn't take off like it
did I have no fucking idea you know I
have a job outside this yakkung videos
so I I wouldn't be doing the same thing
I would be probably on the same path
that I am just not live-streaming
which I'm not anymore so there you go no
II like you know mo most of my time is
actually spent being a commercial video
editor that's what I do with the
majority of my week I would probably
still be doing the same thing because it
is in general what I enjoy
and of course I I had a very very small
part in the episode one planket review
yeah so no I don't think my life would
have changed at all
just cuz I'm that guy
Lucas Ducas says thank you guys
as a farmer your streams have kept me
company over the years while I do boring
chores
farewell Sonny bombs and keep Oh Sonny
bombs
those are some great strands steady fat
cap okay
cop them one good I am I'm a cop a man's
man in a super cup a man's man in his
super cap damn right favorite customer
says first my dog dies and now this
you're not crying I'm crying thank you
for everything rich and Jack and best of
luck with your future endeavors hey yo
we appreciate it
we really do we do I'm touched
I mean not about your dog dying or
something about that
Godfather 42 says thank you for years of
terrific entertainment it's been great
hanging with you guys on the stream
you're welcome yeah we we super
appreciate it we super appreciate you
hanging out with us on the stream you
know anonymous says heartbroken for sure
but I understand you guys have got me
through some of the hardest times in my
life it's gonna be weird without you but
what I'm gonna miss most is your wisdom
learned a lot from you guys over the
years
makes me feel what I still don't know
we're very wise that's very that's true
frequently not very wise no we're very
well oh we're very wise and we're ending
at the top of our game all right this is
this is what we're going with all right
for very very wise
scapegoat says making up for streams
missed what did you guys think about
ant-man and the wasp good felt like a
palate cleanser after infinity war but
damn it was that mid-credits scene heavy
thanks again for all you do oh yeah and
much love across the lake did you see it
okay I think overall it was very good it
I'd put it kind of in the same boat as
the first ant-man where it's like yeah
it's alright like I think it had its
issues but it's alright the comedy I
thought was better in aunt Minn - I
thought it was funnier I just haven't
seen it then the first have you seen the
first one
okay that's fine no that's fine I
thought the comedy was better I I
thought the I thought I think that one
of the biggest problems is they
underutilized the villain I thought the
villains powerset was incredibly cool
it's very Kitty Pras who's the villain
it's ghosts okay and she has the the
ability to like phase through objects
okay you know she like had a quantum
accident and so she can phase through
objects and I thought it was very like
it was a complex and well-defined
villain and you know like her
motivations were all there and her
powers are so cool but they just they
didn't quite use them they just weren't
cool enough you know lies them cleverly
yeah that's what I was waiting for but
you know overall it's pretty good and
yeah that mid-credits sequence that was
great
do you want spoilers yeah I know the
champ wants them or not it's been out a
while you do you man cuz you've seen
infinity war yeah okay so hey Chad I'm
about to I know what happens in the mid
credits oh you know already yeah okay no
no they ain't mean it was a vamp I've
heard about it okay I haven't seen it
but I've heard yeah sure then you find I
thought well so without spoiling it then
because I won't say it I thought like
that that was good I I'm now we know
young things yeah I'm just gonna keep
going to the trophy rooms I guess
it was they're all shit it's not out in
Europe you hacks oh oh well I didn't
spoil anything
it's not out in Europe what why is it
not out in Europe bit of a leg question
for the topic Jack and reg what do you
think of ash vs. Evil Dead getting
canceled and third season cliffhanger I
haven't seen a third season yet either
by but I hasn't ending on a cliffhanger
kind of been an evil dead tradition yeah
I'm okay with that in principle because
you know every Evil Dead movie has
decent season - Tim which was part of
the problem season - yeah and you know
what I've heard from people whose
opinion I respect that season 3 is worth
it but I I was so soured by that season
2 ending that I'm not sure I want to
believe it you know
Natomas says I just hope that after this
you guys truly appreciate the magnitude
of how much you've affected our lives
must be weird not knowing any of us well
we know you like the closest of friends
but at the end of the day please
remember we'll miss you
thank you thanks you know I know that's
that's kind of a big talking point now
amongst a lot of people is this you know
what do they call it Paris social
relationships and more importantly like
how some youtubers are abusing this
relationship you know like influence
younger audience members and you know
like like poking at that relationship to
get like teenage viewers you know like
that the Paul Brothers are are accused
of this a lot you know like trying to
create a more familial bond with younger
viewers so they buy their merchandise
and stuff like that and I don't think
we've ever pushed to those bounds okay
but you know I think it's the same as
any entertainer an audience where we we
have a relationship where we're trying
to entertain you and you guys are here
to listen and be entertained but more
importantly the thing that makes twitch
I think so so unique versus like a
YouTube system is we can actually have a
somewhat delayed conversation with the
Jazz uh-huh and I like I like that
back-and-forth
oh Jesus yeah
so that that's a thing that I like about
twitch oh now we can get some fun guns
oh yeah
hunchback Jax says thanks for all the
streams and not just the gaming streams
your PC building streams gave me the
confidence to replace the CPU in my PC
yesterday I felt like a badass no it's
great thanks for all the years of banter
and gameplay chad had a great time
that's great look at this ridiculous
look at these guns this is what the game
is all about right here now we're ready
now we're ready to to fuck some shit up
I'm in this like challenge zone thing
that I don't know how to get out of
though yeah the channel is a challenge
just finding your way out
that's part of it and there's no real
over map because once you choose a
direction it closes you off and so in
this one I think oh no oh no this is it
oh I didn't need to spend any of that
money no I don't know how I feel about
the guns eventually just taking up 90%
of the screen I think that's part of the
fun yeah I'm gonna say that's part of
the fun yeah I'm upset that I didn't get
to use that ridiculous word that I just
built yeah yeah we don't know what we're
gonna do for the final stream yet will
be well you know we'll figure that we'll
figure out what two ideas yeah we have
two ideas and you know it just might be
both yeah it just might be both of them
pong oh it would be great if I could
find an original pong like an actual
pong machine like not play a computer
pong game get an actual fun machine song
for someone if they said pong a pong OPO
I like play pogs yeah I never knew how
to play them I did not get into the Paw
Paw fat there were Slammers and they
were there were somebody sent us tapes
yesterday in the mail no the box was
fucking you know the game wasn't in it
it just had video tapes in it but they
used up they shipped it in a box for a
pong game that's great that's where I
wanna be
you play pogs by buying pogs right I and
I remember like there was a thing were
you like you had to like draw a circle
right and then like you bet pogs and
then someone would use their slammer to
slam down on a stack of pogs and if
anything left of the circle whoever the
slammer was got to keep those pogs and
that's it sounds like a lame way to lose
the pogs you've collected right well
yeah so I just don't under I don't
understand what you were betting like
I'm sure there was an actual game to it
yeah but maybe there wasn't maybe was
just to sell people pogs pegs overview
on Wednesday to note that it is the
final scream we will thank you yeah
yeah we will
Shayne gun that's a good one
it's begun
should you get into construction if you
want to what's the the money's decent
yeah what's the downside downside is if
the economy collapses you'll be fucked
I think construction is one of those
jobs where even if the economy collapses
well I suppose it depends on what sector
you're in right because like no matter
what like if you're building stuff then
you're fucked but like there's always
tearing stuff down when I was a
sprinkler fitter yeah
9/11 happened few weeks later economy
started to go down economy was going
down before that mm-hmm
but then and then I went down further
and everyone around me and me lost their
just sure you need an economy proof job
like pornography
yeah I have another barrel okay yeah
yeah I don't know I don't know is that
is there ever a good answer for what job
should I get no there really isn't like
I know people who went who went to
college got a degree in something
started that job like after after four
years of college after paying for four
years of college getting a degree
getting a job and then after like six
months of that job just completely
realizing that this is not what they
wanted to do for the rest of their life
and starting over from scratch like that
sucks
bad fucking sucks porn was hit pretty
bad by the internet actually oh sure
sure you're right you know what you're
right I believe that well new porn is
coming from somewhere they're not just
recycling the old stuff are they
I spoke I bet it was it's still pretty
hard nope but important if you've been
looking at no pun what I'm saying is
it's it's probably hard to turn a profit
is what I meant there's probably there's
a lot of there's a lot of competition I
suppose it's crowded
there's a there's a gangbang of
competition no we're not really sure why
the archivists build their ships like
this in fact we're not really sure why
they build anything or how they even
beat us in the invasion by too much
talking
long radical sus more mole rent coal get
it together rich keep wanting to see
another Anna right says thanks Richard
jet rev inks rich Jack and chat it's
been a fantastic four years and I love
you all and wish you the best in the
future from handshake that you're
welcome
firm you know it didn't get weird until
that firm handshake came up
becki becki got played it says Stargate
letter guy here my character arc was
brevity jokes aside give Stargate one a
try so someday
it's very pro science and reason I'll
give it a try someday
it's very pro science and reason so long
and thanks for all the twitch star kid
guy which I should have titled the
stream so long and thanks for all the
twitch oh that yeah that would have it
that would have been a love jump on you
know Becky got played that's brilliant
instead instead of a reference you could
have had a pun I know I know
hindsight my friend she is always 2000
reference oh god dammit
that's that's not my biggest regret a
free rock is nothing not titling the
stream so long and thanks for all the
twitch that's it that's your only that's
it that's your only regret and god damn
that's brilliant what's what's the pun
so I titled this particular stream so
long and thanks for all the fish which
is a Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy
reference mm-hm
but you could have labeled it so long
and thanks for all the fish I mean I'm
disappointed
you mean twitch shit I ruined it
it's a book called so long thanks for
all the fish in case that's not clear
it's also a wine in the first park and
the radio show which came before the
books
chicken beef or perks chicken beef or
pork services since I created a twitch
account just to subscribe to you guys
soon it'll be useless that's true I'll
ask thanks for everything
and also by twitch I guess yeah there
are other channels that are bad yeah you
could you could watch a plethora of
other gaming channels right here
on the twitch gaming channels without
airplanes constantly flying over their
heads
Stephen Torres says this is my first tip
half the time I watch your streams there
previously recorded love you hacks thank
you
previously recorded live a great joke
just a great joke is it okay joke it's
fine it's fine job it's fine job
that's all you can ask for it's it's the
title of a show to find you yeah
turn smuggler 44 cents thanks for the
great streams I started watching when
you first started and I've been an Arlen
fan for a decade glad rlm will still be
around but we'll miss watching you guys
afterward
listen around the house you are better
than any podcast good luck thank you
thank you I don't know if that's a
terribly high watermark but I'll take it
better than any podcast I'll take it
this nation praise I don't know unless
you think all podcasts are terrible I
just don't listen to that many podcast
and this is what I'm saying I'm just not
sure if that's a damnation by faint
praise I don't think it Creek says
Rick's please like thing that I like
okay why don't you like thing that I
like yeah well I know what you don't
like so I can ask you why you don't like
it from now on you're a thing that I
like you hacks thank you that'll be the
most important things how will people
know what to be mad at us for mr.
dumpster 143 says sub from years ago
here recently started watching again
thanks for introducing me to start a new
Valley you know lessons of life don't
stream the games uninstall them cut the
classics they're busting out all the
classics today
it's the shop
Tommy Hendrix says sad to see you go but
thanks for the show please some final
advice I'm trying to be I'm trying to
best ninja gaiden on NES and I can't get
past the second form of the final boss
my mom won't let me call the nintendo
hotline anymore okay
use the safe state unless you're playing
on an actual ness and some somehow I
beat that fucker when I was a kid as I
had I had to know how the game ends was
the first game I played that had
cutscenes Jack I had to I had to know
what happened
I just kept throwing my head up against
that Ninja Gaiden wall over and over and
over again till I just I just got
through it sure sure Bobby you know back
in the day when you had time that's the
thing about children they have time
that's why he hates cutscenes now that's
that's Jack who's just one who flat-out
despises all forms of cutscene yes get
it together people how long we've been
doing this he's still fees to screw us
up Jack hates cutscenes rich hates anime
all anime regardless
there we go
there we go now we're ready
yang Wenli says do you think knowing how
movies are made Bruins they're magic no
no I don't know if anything it adds to
the magic well they used to they used to
back when one liked a lot of the special
effects requires more creativity yeah
now that they don't require skill now
they totally do know put something some
of the things that I always loved about
movies was figuring out how they did
certain things yeah that was that was
always one of the best things and you
know like I I think knowing how a movie
makes elevates the good movies and
really it just gives you a language to
discuss the bad movies cuz you know bad
movies are always gonna be bad and
you'll always know that they're bad but
you just might not have the right
language to to articulate why you think
they're bad but you go I just didn't
like that movie mm-hmm but once you
start knowing how they're made and and
you know like the the technical side of
things then you can start to articulate
why you think they're bad so no I think
it's nothing but uh I think it's knowing
how movies are made are nothing but is
nothing but a positive
no shop g-shot says hi guys hi sorry to
hear you guys are shutting down I always
enjoyed your jibber-jabber and you got
me into binding of issac that's right
here's a big fat tip for you spend it
wisely I'll try to check in on the final
stream and one last lol fuck my car
thank you thank you everyone everyone I
don't you know I know we we say it as
part of our closing stick but you know
it actually we always actually
appreciate it that's the real thing
that's something you guys should really
know is we actually appreciate all y'all
hanging around for as long as you do
being in on all the gags it's a it's a
genuine thing
baby yeah go wah wah says voila
your lap babe Abba Dabba Yaga Leila yeah
this is what a sad day I still remember
that day I was on vacation but had to
watch the clone stream live in the hotel
room I really like endurance and the
table and chef
the clown streamline Oh
the clown stream what a what a weird day
that was what an absurd time those were
good times the clown's trick clown
stream was that was where we peaked that
was it
dr. Luo dub says if I may be so bold as
to make a prediction okay J will upload
a new best of the worst or half in the
bag on Wednesday even if it's an
incomplete episode yes what I'm saying
yes I mean I'm gonna say you're right
because that would just make sense oh
shit that didn't do anything
that just makes sense I'm sorry to say
three
how's the game jacket I'm actually I'm
pretty into it I do I love this hole
it's got it has this seen a ridiculous
gun building thing and so like we kind
of like what I was talking about earlier
with the the refluxing of enter the
gungeon is part of the reason at least I
really enjoy games like this is the
synergy aspect is the build aspect
excuse me terrible purpose and and you
know part of the fun is every time you
play you get new things and you discover
new combinations and you know sometimes
you feel a little overpowered and so you
know now I'm at this point where I have
four yeah I have four guns on that side
and then a big spike launcher on this
side and it's it's neat it's a neat
thing I don't know how long I don't know
how much time I'll get out of it just
because the rooms are very similar and
the enemies are very similar and so it's
missing a little bit this your second
run oh no this is like my third or
fourth in fact you know it's it's
missing a little variation in that
regard you know all the ships kind of
feel the same and look the same but yeah
alright alright do it I did it
nope nobody okay
but I love that dig the heck out of that
that's it I did it great I like the
concept I would love you know I think
one of one of the downsides with
first-person game first-person
roguelikes is it's hard to make rooms
feel different yeah because got boxes
like you can make them different colors
you know but if I basically got boxes
and I've played enough of these
first-person roguelikes now you know you
go you can have different like styles
per level or stage or area a little bit
sci-fi theme do you have like I don't
woods themed or cave themed mm-hm
good
Oh
same one okay yeah you can and you know
unfortunately we're kind of in space now
and so we just kind of have looks like a
spaceship and so I I hope it changes it
up I hope you know that it doesn't get
too old too fast
is that your suit in the other room yeah
all right I see you're a robot a robot
wearing a suit no I think I'm I think
I'm a person I'm an astronaut is are
totally robot arms oh my god you're
right I'm a robot yeah wearing a big
robot suit okay
this is my big robot suit that I put my
guns on you're totally right those are
robot hands unless I'm a person wearing
a robot suit wearing a bigger suit how
many levels how many levels gonna go
down how many suits can the robot be
wearing no I'm saying I'm a human yeah
wearing a robot suit and then that robot
suit puts on the armor which then puts
guns on it kind of like Voltron
it's exactly like vaults on is what I'm
saying we're gonna try this mission
triangles
we're gonna
kind of big on that spike one wasn't so
bad mr. Joshua TXS the heat under heat
index is 109 and now I found out prereq
is ending this sucks
I'll miss you guys thank you thank you
sorry about the heat index I guess
flamethrower launcher
except without the lions why is it kind
of like Voltron not exactly like Voltron
it's Voltron needed five pilots mm-hmm
wasn't wasn't the original idea that
like that big of a robot would be too
complicated for any single pilot so you
need five pilots to work in perfect
unity then it would be horribly
uncoordinated I don't care how well they
work as a team no that's the whole idea
it's about the team that's the you know
the funny thing is huh it's a robot but
flies around in space right yeah so what
the fuck are the legs even doing you're
the guy piloting the leg you're just
sitting there well I guess the arms are
doing all the work
oh shit
I can kick someone y'all need me to kick
someone no okay but I could I could kick
someone
say the word and I'm kicking someone
and here we go
as you go keep an eye out for different
kinds of doors dice roll rooms challenge
yeah doesn't have to make sense it's for
children I'm having fun
how do I'm having fun how dare you rich
Evans just about Voltron cheese dick to
says so long for a while
auf wiedersehen adieu adieu adieu to you
and you and you thank you thank you
thank you for the show tunes
has appreciate some good show tunes
Hey
they all ate 71 cents
hi rich now the stream is ending if you
can go back in time and start the stream
over again what animal would you be
sorry I just wanted one last fuck you
from rich you know I just just cuz I
appreciate you guys so much I'll you
know what uh Neagle there you go there
you go
so you can fly Merry Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas I think you might have
just ruined it now yeah that ring jokes
gone oh well what do we view now we
don't replace that running joke with
think about it rich we won't ever have
that running joke going anymore oh oh
worst answer ever let me explain
worst ever its worst answer ever
great are the emotes going to work past
Wednesday they should they absolutely
should because we're not we're not gonna
shut the channel down and you know we're
still twitch partners it'll probably
reach a certain point of not uploading
anything or live streaming which twitch
will contact us and be like hey you got
to do something if you want to keep your
twitch partner status right but uh yeah
at least for a good while
shit
what
yeah the emotes should work everything
should you know work the same except for
you know we won't be here because I know
sometimes you movie dicks that's all you
really care about is like do we still
get the chat room oh darn rich and Jack
are streaming today that means we have
to postpone movies I presume they will
start an actual movie dicks Channel oh
yeah that's my that's my presumption but
then it might be a similar situation
where they might have to stream every
once in a while
I presume wrong okay
way to go rich
you presume
there we go
okey be 85 cents
so if there will no longer be a prereq
stream every Sunday or Wednesday mm-hmm
well the new picture of biscuit be
posted to Twitter instead that's all I'm
asking for
please thank you no no uh unfortunately
no but that means biscuits biscuit is
going to stop as well you know we might
there might be some initial biscuiting
we are not ignoring why the stream is
ending we talked about that at the start
of the stream it's true rich we did we
can talk about it again but we've
already talked about it and talked about
it again which I guess that's part of Oh
gray rich yes great
but part of the problem is is we've we
feel like we've come to this point in
the streams in which we are telling the
the same story over and over again we
feel like we're we're kind of in a loop
imagine the magic is fading yeah well
you know it's we're just not putting out
a consistently good product for y'all is
that so that's what I worry about yeah
and you know I want to make sure that
we're giving you guys something
entertaining and if I don't think that
rich and I are going to be entertaining
partly because we're telling the same
story over and over again because we
keep having the same conversations rich
you know like Star Wars we don't like
cinematic games Metal Gear Solid 5 anime
do you watch anime this is getting
repetitive yeah yeah and so I just don't
think we're putting out the product that
we should be and I don't know if that's
a I don't know if that's a
two sterile a way to put it but you know
I worry about that and I worry that if
we're not if we're not giving you all
the things that that you're looking for
eventually eventually that's gonna sour
eventually that's gonna sour you guys on
us and more importantly I think that's
going to sour us on doing the stream
eventually and that's what I really
worry about I don't want us to hit a
point where we are dreading streaming
because that would that will make us
look back on this in a negative light
yeah and so I want us to stop while we
are still having a good time and while
we're still having fun and that's really
why we're stopping now is we're gonna
stop now before it becomes a chore
and and I think that is for the best you
know especially for you the audience and
it might not feel like it at the time
but I do think that is the best in the
long run for you guys because hopefully
that means that you won't get bored of
us
that's the real hope I don't I don't
want you guys saying Ah prereqs done
they haven't been the same since ex
okay guys no
what do we got here what do we got here
ooh saw blade
all right saw blade let's see what you
can do
all right
all right
shaking up my options here got a lot of
none of these things you know we're just
gonna kind of buy everything and see
what we can Frankenstein together should
I not be subscribe
well you've you've never been obligated
to open if you don't want to you don't
have to yeah yeah that's that ain't
that's the truth
we're not you know we're not here to
force anyone to do anything
if you feel like Reese's cribe engrain
you do you people
I get this or I believe that's common in
the chat Colin just heard the news from
Jim and wanted to say goodbye adios
adios Callen thanks for hanging out
thanks for coming thanks for being you
you wacky Canadians
yeah chat if your chatter if you're
still doing movie dick stuff from from
time to time I'll probably still pop in
I pop in and chat with people every now
and then huh that's good what you
watching
let's go what's going on over here
that's great I think it's great rich
that is great
don't get my hopes the French the fall
well yeah oh and I suppose yeah well I
don't know how it works with emotes
whether or not we need to maintain
subscribers or like once we have this
number of subscribers do the emotes just
stay even if we lose subscribers I don't
know the answer to that right so oh
that's what you were asking that's why
you were asking before about Emacs I
have no idea how that works night I'm
gonna be honest with you neither do I
I'm neither do I so I guess we're all
gonna find out together is what's gonna
happen
monkeys cat says hey guys hope you're
well any updates on project Hornet once
again it tasted perfectly we actually we
actually talked all about project Hornet
we sure didn't okay if we give all the
updates well why don't you get you given
the two hours in refresher here it was
an attempt to make a game controller
that you could use with a mouse like for
your other hand kind of like Jack's frag
Chuck thing but hopefully ideally a
little bit more ergonomic with more
buttons that were easier to get at yeah
yeah ideally so I use this whenever I
get you you know game with the
first-person a first-person game
whenever I play an FPS I use this this
dealy-bob which is a fantastic device
which makes it really easy to move and
jump and you know use with the mouse
because my big problem with WASD and
mouse has always been the WASD part and
so we tried to design our own and design
is used very loosely because you know we
didn't do any of the work I mean I made
the goddamn play version you made the
clay version well yeah we were just kind
of supervising we outsource and we had
we had a what I'm gonna call a super
jank prototype like a 3d printed
prototype with the guts kind of shoved
in and hanging out at the bottom and
then I tried to pitch that around to
local manufacturers you know people who
who in the Milwaukee area it's their job
to kind of take design concepts and then
make them into a manufacturing reality
and nobody bought nobody nobody was
interested in working with us maybe they
didn't think it was a product they could
sell or make money off of or maybe they
just didn't like me maybe they just that
kid he was talking about video games
they I don't know that bad I don't know
the video game shit I don't know what it
was but but so that's where it kind of
stalled out for us we we never got past
that we never got past the the the the
rough prototype phase that was Project
Hornet that meets assembly how many
times we tell you not to get your hopes
up to get your expectations low that was
it it was it was this but nicer like you
know this is fine this is a fine little
this this fragged
there's three buttons in the front are
very awkward well one of them doesn't
even do anything
yeah they're this this frag effects by
split fish is very simple it's just WASD
on the joypad
and then you got you know this is
usually the space button for jump yeah
which is not working right now
apparently I can't jump in here and then
you know usually like this one I'll
either bind to sprint or maybe Crouch
depending on what I use more and then
you know you put you bind the other
buttons to some other shit but it works
you know like it's not perfect but it
works and so we had this grand idea of
like four buttons on the back one that
you could press with your knuckles and
you know maybe like some flapper buttons
and now all sorts of buttons and it just
never it never came to light which is
fine because we we tried and and hit hit
too many brick walls
yeah and these are hard to come by
nowadays I don't know if like you can
get them somewhere you can get them at
some places but uh I think they're
pretty damn expensive and they're not
like the best quality and they're kind
of uncomfortable in general well I keep
it a secret at all the the hope was that
we would make something so awesome that
uh I know it's funny now
the hope is we would make something so
fantastical that we didn't want you guys
to steal it we didn't want you guys to
steal our good idea and so that's why we
kept it a secret in case one of you guys
that like had a had a contact and could
make could make our our dream come true
without us but you know as it turns out
the whoopsie as it turns out we kept it
a secret just you know because uh we did
I got high hopes I I was fill of filled
with optimism
Oh despot says hey guys I have
thoroughly enjoyed your stream over the
years sorry to see you go but I hope
you'll have more energy to pursue new
creative efforts and hobbies what it's
worth I love the intimacy balance and
quality in your reviews thank you thank
you we try we try you know like and and
you know the some of our reviews were
more better received than others but
them before they were safe you know what
by the way let me tell you what a joy
moderating our comment section has been
the past four years who me and nothing
like a pick-me-up moderating our youtube
comment section oh yeah so that's been
great but
you know the reality is we you know we
we were trying to bring a conversation
and a sense of nuance to game criticism
mhm and you know maybe we just didn't do
that great job at it but looking at the
numbers alone
our highest viewed videos were videos
where we completely dunked on a game
yeah
no man's sky the the order 1866 you know
like videos where we went totally
negative
I never want to be the guy who was
negative on a game for the sake of being
negative all right but but like if if we
were to look at metrics alone that's
where we should have been skewing we got
all we got to do this it's gonna be
negative that's where the views are
gonna be like that's what audiences
wanted and that's not what we wanted we
wanted to just have a conversation but
looking at what audiences wanted it was
it was a very different thing and so
that was part of you know that's part of
the issue
two points
and that's not a direction we really
wanted to go that that kind of and you
know we've never really kowtow to that
sort of pressure but we know we you know
we I don't think I don't think we've
ever done a game just because we felt
obligated to what time is your final
stream um is probably normal assuming
normal time yeah we were we try to have
Zelly some sense of normalcy so we will
we will you know five ish six ish of
that sort of thing
the updated the hacked on previously
recorded used to time on Wednesday mass
starting around 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Central
time zone you guys you guys are great
you know what's up you know we need
you know what's up
this is getting a little sore
now you don't have very powerful guns
this time hope you want swish it up I
can play that Castlevania game Oh
actually I might need to do because
spinning around this guy's gave me a
little motion sick okay okay
oh that's spinning just got me a little
sick pocket death traps us I just wanted
to let you guys know I'm sad you're
leaving but I understand it I have
chronic depression and whatever it gets
bad I put on one of your streams it
always helps thanks for everything
you're welcome
thank you now we and we we appreciate
all all of the viewers it's it's it's
not about you yeah you know we we just
we we can't tell you you know it's just
speaking for me I won't speak for you
rich but like just how much I appreciate
all of you guys who have stuck around
for so long it really it really means a
lot and you know we've gotten to meet
some incredible people you know we got
to interview the ex-con people we had
Edmond on for a stream we it's been it's
been fantastic time you know and and
it's it's it's been great it hasn't all
been bad but it also just is a thing
that couldn't sustain itself for any
longer and that's the real thing
doppelgänger ninety says hey guys just
wanted us say thanks for all the fun and
laughs one last question
yeah what is your fondest memory from a
prereq stream mine was when Jack knocked
over the camera during the PC build
strength
probably getting my head caught in the
gate during the human fall flat or just
that that entire human fall flat part
where were you were so desperately
trying to get over the gate not
realizing that it opened for fuck's sake
that was the beautiful time obviously I
say that this because I you know I will
the one that looks like a lady yeah yeah
that was you it was great for you know
that really was rich just opened that
was fantastic so it's so many good ones
the you know I know we we got a little
bit of shit for how good we were but I
thought we had a lot of fun in the pub G
streams even though I accidentally shot
you and I'm really sorry about that
that was fun too right there was some
fun in the pub G streams we had it so
much fun playing Friday the 13th yeah I
look back on that so finally just
playing that with everyone that was
great just so much hate trying to drive
on Friday bit I mean Jay trying to play
any game let's be honest now Jane Jane
accidentally recreating a classic horror
movie same the car not starting
all good things man all good things all
sorts of stuff you know even you know
more recently with the zelda stream and
my horse committing suicide that was
great
there's been a lot of good
it's been a lot of good to come from
these dreams
I don't know if I don't know if I could
pick a favor okay you know like for for
me personally you know look it's simple
like dumb stuff like not even stream
stuff but just like you know building my
own PC like that's something I don't
think I would have done had it not been
for the stream like I would have just
you know ordered it at the computer sir
Magan Magan Tina your computer store
nice naive built to now I felt so right
and I just don't think that is a thing I
would have done yeah on my own playing
these old text adventure games that is
nothing I would have ever sought out on
my own I don't think you know just
because I would look then like oh those
games are old yeah that I don't need to
play old games I can play new games from
fractions in general oh holy crap
right
frog fractions in Ghent no I can't
frog fractions in general that that was
an experience that's great
now let's see now that's something I've
appreciated is is having to come up with
a game to play twice a week in front of
an audience has made me play some stuff
that I don't think I normally would have
played sometimes for the people you know
sometimes it doesn't work out hello
three two ones grenades but it made me
it made me try some stuff that I
normally wouldn't have tried and I like
that
true blue review says I used to use
prereq only to ask two guys from our
lamb about the channel but I became
genuinely interested in what you had to
say about games and movies I'm sure I'd
be horrified at how much I paid to ask
you questions but I consider it money
well spent
thank you thank you
Zuka says bender since the beginning you
guys helped me through a tough period of
unemployment and being away from friends
my situation is great now and I fully
understand ending before bitterness can
take hold
thank you so much for four great years
GL to you thank you thank you I think
that's like if you're gonna have one
takeaway you know I think there's a lot
of there's a lot of tiny factors that
that go into this decision okay as far
as you know stopping the previously
recorded but I think that's that or that
should be the one big takeaway is you
know we want to end before we get bitter
before it this turns into a chore and
then you know we're gonna look back on
this and go why the hell did we ever do
that I do and I don't want to because I
have had such a good time so many good
times I don't want to look back and say
why we're a bunch of idiots
it's weird that they even have a shop on
the last level like this like here's the
exit so I have a shop there so the last
level yeah once I go through here it's
done or you know this area like you
finished the game done no no but you go
back to your home base and you can
choose another mission so I have the
shot let's look at Jack and rich and rlm
right oh yeah that's going that's going
nowhere oh right right this is solely
about previously recorded okay yeah I
gotta get a little motion sick okay oh
my god yeah we can switch games now well
it will switch Oh
readjusting menu I've not read the very
top one okay

[Part II]
and then we will quit what was it called
again
blood something bloodlines or blub blub
blub blub blub blub one blood stain this
blood stain blood-stained curse of the
moon oh we have to do this we do yeah it
said it's a you know we detect this game
on your hard drive but you don't have
access to it no weird yeah you changed
there I'll update it in the in the
twitch keyboarding
why is rich wearing a Milwaukee Brewers
hat because I went to a game recently
you went to a burger game yeah
when I go to a team's stadium I tend to
buy a hat souvenir mm-hmm how'd you like
it all right
I I prefer I perform I I perform idly
games well yeah you can get better seats
don't god yeah
and you're not a you're not a drinker no
and so I you know I always a lot of
times when like my friends or family
will tell me about going to a Brewers
game they will spend 90% of the
conversation just talking about the
amazing time they had tailgating yeah
like oh yeah we played games there's so
much fun I hope we did this like I had a
great time grilled out some brats and
you know then we went to the game so you
know not being a drinker or so then you
know you're probably not a tailgater
either no I think for a lot of people
that's the experience just not go
fullscreen
weird that's weird
initial setup fullscreen need I'm sure
to have a full screen option Danny go
there you go tell and you know I've
enjoyed tailgating myself and I will
spend as much time in the parking lot as
I can and for those who don't know I
know tailgating is a is a predominantly
Midwestern thing I don't know I've heard
at least people don't do it much outside
of even outside of Wisconsin they don't
do it much where a big part of the
sports games for us here in in Wisconsin
is is you get to the game a couple hours
early hang out in the parking lot of the
stadium
people bring grills they bring outdoor
games they they drink they party they
basically have just a giant pregame
party in the parking lot of the stadium
yeah
and then eventually some of them go
inside the stadium and you know do and
watch the game and I've had great funds
at the tailgating party I just wish I
could leave them can I just come to
tailgating then leave there's probably a
way to do that I've never looked into it
we tailgate a lot in Canada well of
course in Canada tailgating is popular
everywhere okay well great I had I had
heard once that tailgating
ernõ who was it I think I was talking to
someone from other states and we were I
was we were talking about tailgating in
there or tailgating what's that yeah so
I guess I had assumed that it was maybe
just a Milwaukee thing know is
everywhere I think so yeah okay I mean
that would make sense
alcohol is so damned expensive inside
the stadium
well Kenny Lauderdale rich notices that
you're gay now Kenny Lauderdale says the
chat is moving so fast that rich won't
notice I'm gay now thanks for feeling
confident enough to come out to us we
appreciate it and you know what we
accept you I'm glad that you can be
yourself we accept you as you are unless
you're an asshole
obviously this is nothing like
Castlevania what I don't believe it you
know something I was saying when uh oh
my god this is so Castlevania something
I was saying when you were just showing
the showing me like the trailer for this
is how much a game like this benefits
from the widescreen you now have so much
real estate on either side to see
enemies coming I know and how fantastic
that is for a game like this it just
gives you that extra few frames of
reaction time
it's a goddamn tragedy we didn't have
this back in the NES days widescreen
right right it reminds me a lot of like
people like you ever watch those videos
I'm like how scrolling works in games
and how like they determine yeah where
that where the camera is supposed to be
in these side scroller games it's
fantastic
but yeah train that's great that's
beautiful background train element
oh right let's say we have a real they
on who says okay one more thing rich
yeah check out the book the guide to
classic graphic adventures it's by Kurt
Coolatta it's huge about two inches
thick and reviews just about every
adventure game from the 80s and 90s I
don't know how do I get in there can you
know you press down twice yeah
oh well wait can you change characters
and now I should be able to but not yet
okay because one of your characters can
like turn into animals
maybe that's four maybe it's a comeback
later kind of thing from what I saw of
the trailer
Thank You Magnus pee-yew
only a New Game+ where you can switch
characters oh so you need to beat the
campers wow that's intense
dr. Chuck but Mudd says so are we
supposed to bother you on Twitter when
we want your opinion on random TV and
movies yes yes you are
you guys already do that so why would
that change
yeah I'll probably be you know obviously
I won't be manning the previously
recorded Twitter as much but you know
you can still bother me on my Twitter
and that's fine for anyone just joining
us what does it calls again penultimate
yeah
this right here is rich and i's
penultimate stream which means our
second to last we're calling it quits
we're calling it quits yeah and what was
that what I found mother weapon oh you
got whip no we're cut you know as as we
are currently the top streamers on
Twitch we want to you know make sure we
we end on a high note
so we're stopping now
special widescreen director's cut stream
absolutely the the project rich and I
will be working on next is actually
doing directors commentaries on all of
our old streams starting from the first
is we're gonna have a separate audio
channel it's just us talking over us
talking it's gonna be it's a new level
we're gonna reach a whole new level meta
it's a very very meta
it's all very oh so oh so meta oh shit
there we go
would you consider doing one last retro
review for a game no no I think we're
done that's not to say that rich and I
are done making can you not get out
there are done making any videos ever
just done no oh wait what happens if you
go right there
secret no okay I don't know if it was a
secret
Sippi food there there is a that's a
cool enemy there was an air show this
weekend and so all of the airplanes that
were in the air show are now you know
going back home taking a few extra
maneuvers it's very loud
it's very very round oh oh yes I was
hoping he had a giant fist awesome
that's great that's great
anonymous sent us a tip to say I found a
lot of great games from you guys games I
normally wouldn't have I loved slay the
spire and FTL hopefully if you find a
new game through your own enjoyment
you'll tweet it out you'll tweet out the
recommendation anyway now I gotta find
someone else to watch absolutely I
believe in you can find someone there's
plenty you know twitch has how many
streamers currently a million a million
zillion thoughts on Shazam did you see
any of the trailers to come out to come
out of comic-con
Shazam looks fun it you know they're
going they're going full-blown little
kid gets superpowers okay they're having
a lot of fun with it
Zach Zachary levy I think is who plays
adult chisholm if you remember that uh
what show was he on where he was like an
IT nerd who would turned into a super
spy my name is Jim devar IDI
oh you know what y'all talkin ya day
that my name is show was Earl that's not
the shows it was just some buddies name
those was a normal name
Chuck Chuck yes so that you know the guy
who started Chuck is is big Shazam and
he according to the trailer he looks
like he's gonna have a lot of fun with
that role of just being a little kid in
a grown-up body so I thought I thought
it looked fun
and you know it's it's a big ol we'll
see
Aquaman looked a little ridiculous but
it's Aquaman I don't think it was ever
not gonna look ridiculous there was a
little too many woo-hoos in the trailer
for me well as a kid he's got super
powers makes sense that he go no oh no
no Aquaman
oh no oh the kid no the kids should be
going they were had they had to sell a
little montage in the trailer for a
Shazam where it's it's him and his
little friend Billy Batson yeah and
Billy is Billy Batson is really into
superheroes and so he wants to test out
his super Howard power so they had a
little like super power montage thing
that was just the most adorable thing
and so that was great but the the what
do you call it the Aquaman trailer had
Aquaman going whoohoo too much I have an
Aquaman be going right that makes no
sense
Oh Billy Batson is who's what's a
friend's name who's the kid and who's
the kid is with he's with a friend
nope
yeah there was a lot of mom ban moments
that that were just a little a little
much and then the titans trailer you
haven't you also haven't seen that
because he didn't watch any of the
trailers so they announced this DW
streaming service ok another streaming
service
yeah we're it's gonna be cost thousands
of dollars to watch all the show of
course so you know they're gonna have
their shows but also bundled with that
is actually a you can a collection to a
bunch of old digital comics so that'll
be neat yeah you know that that kind of
differentiates it from the million of
other streaming services that they have
out there but one of these one of their
originals for the DW streaming service
is called Titans which is you know take
on Teen Titans as you know but they're
just calling it Titans I don't want to
call it teen titans you know why rich
cuz it's dark and gritty it's fucking
dark and gritty and Robin straight up
well that sucked what the fuck was that
did he die I think so Robin murders
people Robin straight up shoots people
breaks their neck and murder people the
audience the primary audience for Teen
Titans are small children really like
the Teen Titans go rich the trailer for
Titans features the fray as a close-up
of Robins face and you know what he says
you know you're like yeah there's some
bad guys in an alley right and it also
in Robin jumps down and he's like Oh bad
guy send the bad girl goes where's
Batman and they they they push in on
Robins face and he goes fuck Batman and
murders all the bad guys this is the
thing that happens in the Titans
trailers
fuck Batman I wonder why Marvel's
winning right right they were it was
it's it's it's insanity he breaks a bet
he steps on a bad guy's head breaking
his neck he shoots bad guys he takes
their guns and shoots bad guys that's
what we're that's where Robin is and it
looks like the series is about like
Robin finding Raven and Ravens going a
little crazy with her with her my god I
can't wait for cyborg to literally crush
someone's skull just rip the flesh off
of their bones trying to become human
again
oh he's got it no he's got a constant
replaces organic parts so he's
constantly ripping parts off of other
living human beings and grafting them on
to himself I mean I would love that I
would absolutely love that right no joke
I would watch that I would watch that
show
I actually I don't know if cyborg is in
it because it might be one of those
that's trying to be on the peripheral of
the DCE you and so cyborg is not in the
tecna's bond it's it looks it looks
ridiculous it looks like they made every
bad decision that they could have made
so it's oh my god yeah that enemy oh you
got a new character yeah
thoughts on the Doctor Who trailer it
didn't give us a ton of information we
already knew Jodie Whittaker I want to
say it as your name is the new doctor
and it looks like there's gonna be a few
companions not just one companion looks
cute oh there's definitely a secret
under those stairs
interesting
stuff I always look sue but yeah you
know it's it's one of those things how
do you make how do you make Starfire
live-action how do you make any of this
shit live-action but oh I did get her
name right good yeah now I'm excited for
a new Doctor Who yeah Gemma blip blip
dipped after birth
same old same old same conversation
we've had million times right ah frog
don't the doctor that's convenient
yeah what I don't have to duck to reach
them oh good yeah a lot of the the
comic-con trailers or just all rights
yes
Momo fits not a Muffet or Moffat Muffit
Muffit Miss Muffet is no longer in
charge and so we might get an actual
compelling narrative this time we might
get we it's so crazy we might get
consistent characterization in a doctor
hoop of which which is what I'm looking
for do so whenever that serves I don't
even know when it starts when does the
new Doctor Who start
moffat okay anyone know anyone know what
his test
in the fall okay well good now to give
me something like forward
I'm surprised Marvel only released iron
fist to and like nothing else
you know Marvel it currently is not
really worried about their movie hype
they've released eight out of the six
blockbusters this year they're fine yeah
infinity war was the biggest movie ever
for all time and everyone loved it and
saw it or if didn't love it they saw it
so that's all that matters Marvel's fine
they don't give a fuck anymore
kind of kind of like Nintendo not really
being at e3 anymore her Marvel's like
we're good you know we're good yeah we
got our own thing over here doesn't you
they have their own convention right do
that D something D 23d right or our
event says Marvel doesn't even have to
release the trailer for infinity war two
because who isn't going to watch that
movie right right you're right DC fans D
know they're still gonna watch it so
they know what to complain about they're
gonna watch it to make sure that they're
there oh wait anything under those tears
that there's a secret over there
about right there Oh wolf nice what
about the under lower there right there
no all right where's the secrets rich to
fall a secret Turtles it'll be fine
it'll all be fine yeah we didn't I don't
know if you had any do you have any
thoughts on on the gun drama no I don't
know I don't know enough about it yeah
I want my big fat mouth yeah knowing
much about it so that's that's my hot
take is I don't know much about it and I
don't I don't really maybe I should care
but I don't so sorry
turtle made turtle Minh I am turtle man
well we got here we got dunkaccino who
says are there any non repetitive
questions you would have wanted to be
asked on stream thanks for all the
laughs prereq yeah for years I think we
did it all yeah that's it I think we got
everything that's the thing is just like
there's not it's cycles the there wasn't
much that you know us or you could have
done about oh she's just dead Oh
interesting
she's just dead how interesting
I don't have a twitch account says I
don't particularly like video games but
always watched your streams which always
entertained I'll miss the D&D; talk
camera tuck in Sierra and seeing rich
Evans twice a week give biscuit my love
all the best for the future
excuse me lol fuck my cock thank you I
don't have a twitch account don't want
plenty of biscuit updates nothing but
nothing but whiskey talk slowly is the
role 'button Opie I just feel like every
game needs a warm one out yeah this guy
doesn't have one I know nice nicely done
let's see here urban vermin says hey
guys I just wanted to say thank you for
being mostly civil level-headed and
nuanced about videogames pop culture etc
I feel that these things are lacking in
the Internet discourse anyway thanks and
did you guys ever get that YouTube gold
play button not gold
YouTube gold is like a million
subscriber but in the mail on the way is
a silver play button for us absolutely
nice so we have that we will we do
officially have a silver play button for
getting over a hundred thousand
subscribers which I do think is a very
very nice accomplishment that we have
and we will we will hang it somewhere
here in the studio with pride okay there
health doesn't carry over
oh so you can kind of use yeah and one
to it to tank and then switch over to
the other nice nice that's that's nice
strategic
season it seemed to do the same lot of
damage who reaches much better all right
yeah yeah we're learning things okay
what's his special do you there's like
different weapons you can get okay
good come on all right let's see what we
got here we got clay dough who says how
much money to make rich play final
fantasy for the last string two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars I was just
gonna say none but I mean if you want to
go that crazy might get it I guess I you
know I sure two hundred and fifty
thousand American dollars that's a
that's a fine answer rich fine answer
that's it that's it and he'll play any
final fantasy game or do you get to
choose yeah thank you okay any final
fantasy game you want for two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars bargain it's
a quite a bargain
soon as he done with twitch LOL i resis
kryb today we well yeah we're done we
thought with all of it the the the
stream and oh that was weak the the
stream and the episodes were just
retiring previously recorded
we got Shawn's Simona's who says thank
you for all the streams benefits of
being an older nerd remembering when
good things went on for a bit then ended
before losing all heart and soul the
perspective you guys bring by being
around my age has always been my
favorite part of prereq thanks Shawn
thank you oh hey you got it
I always hit you after you kill them
final fuck you just in case you're at
that one health point left and you lose
I kind of like it
that's great that's great
would I get an old man that I would be
defeated by a demon I have never been so
thoroughly humiliated who is that that
kind of sounds like Audrey Hepburn like
an elderly Audrey yeah Audrey Hepburn oh
hey how are you Johnny
Johnny where did you go I'm gone for old
man but it was a more old lady
the twitch channel the both the twitch
channel and the YouTube channel will
stay up I don't know how long we will
keep our partner benefits with either
yeah without any regular updates but yes
both channels will stay active for as
long as they are allowed to stay active
we won't we won't delete everything you
know we we won't we won't delete
anything at at some point twitch might
say well if you're not an active
streamer we're taking the channel down
which is fair yeah but uh yeah we're not
gonna be in much that rate what this guy
what did he do what does he do just kind
of okay I'm sure he's got some I don't
have any magic points I'm sure he
probably does something really exciting
you've got magic points but right now
sure Oh pair death oh yeah that reach
monkeys cats says Jack and rich your
streams have always been a pleasure to
listen to on my Monday mornings at work
right now in Australia thanks for all
the laughs rich what are you going to do
with all your new spare time we'll see
we'll see stuff things things done all
sorts of things that stuff Jack ever
thought about visiting Australia yes I'd
love to visit Australia I've never been
to Australia back back in the Funny or
Die days when we were one of our things
with any of the the high five videos
that we did is after the second one we
didn't really want to do them anymore we
didn't care about doing them any yeah
and so our only our only exception was
okay yeah we'll give you a high five
video if that's what you want but we
have to go somewhere we have to travel
just because we want to go places you
know and so that's why you know for the
third one or that we we might we did the
Superbowl one and we went down to
Florida
I'm Florida the armpit of America but
you know we still got to travel that was
nice and and for the the next one we did
South Africa which was fantastic and
after that we were talking to a lot of
people about oh oh he does suck oh look
at his the health yeah he totally sucks
for for the next one after after South
Africa we were talking to a lot of
people about possible high fives and all
of our ideas were like we could do high
five Japan and they're like oh we don't
really want to pay for that
okay well then sorry I know how about
high five Australia you know like just
we were we were desperately just trying
to get another mini vacation out of it
because we didn't really care about
doing them anymore and and by that time
in internet video making people had kind
of figured out that you didn't need as
big of a budget to make Internet video
as you needed to make regular videos so
so they just told us No
but but we did we did we did attempt to
to get down to Australia and it never it
never materialized
I like this they've kind of replaced all
of the separate weapons in Castlevania
with just people now there's separate
weapons too though I you know what I'm
really curious how easy the first
castlevania is as an adult now okay are
you finding this too easy
I think I'm 3/4 of the way done with the
game oh wow
according to the little map screen that
shows up well maybe they're being
generous
you know maybe they didn't they didn't
want to go they said this is a love
letter not a not a BDSM letter sucks
I'm very excited about your dead cells
is coming up yeah dead cells come at the
the final release is coming up in just
just a couple weeks yeah for for the
dead cells of fish I've been I've been
holding off like I still have the game
downloaded on Steam just so I can make
sure I get every news update every patch
update like I'm really excited about
what they're doing but I I have held off
from playing because oh that but that
seemed to eat up literally all of my
damn magic so but yeah I'm excited for
dead cells there's a lot of there's a
lot of nice-looking games coming up
I am a 420 or it says I have prereq live
playing at work to keep my PC from
locking when I'm not on it so rich we do
serve a purpose that's great a PC has a
built-in speaker that plays sound very
quietly I've had people confused about
where laughing is coming from it's rich
Evan all is quiet but that laughs love
it that's great
what a strange what a strange way to
keep your computer from locking up just
playing our videos but as we as we
discovered earlier there is you know
1600 hours of us just talking yeah which
is a lot which is a little keep your PC
from locking up for days battle that's
so much two days that's so much you know
have you have you heard of that
technology that's out there now that can
take like if there's enough recordings
of someone speaking it there's an AI
program that can actually learn how
people sound and then you can just make
them say whatever you want that's creepy
yeah it's super creepy and it's still in
the experimental money monster
it's King Knight oh he's like bleeding
coins that's great
that's great sounds fake though no it's
real it's a that is oh they have
different jump abilities - thanks that's
right it's a real thing that they're
working on in there they're trying to go
God oh that just fucks you right over
that's alright that's alright now I know
we can hit those yep yeah it's it
supposedly solves the problem of like oh
that's neat of fakes by like having kind
of a an in system watermark but as
someone who has a ton of his voice out
on the internet it is rather frightening
but they could just make me say whatever
they wanted because there's just enough
of my voice out there luckily there's
enough of my voice with like video game
music in the background yeah so it'd
probably be mostly fun
nerd smack says Sundays and Wednesdays
won't be the same
thanks dude Thank You nerd smack it
won't be the same for us either
we might actually accomplish something
with our lives it'll be weird beautiful
HOH says repeatedly reminding myself you
guys will still be around in our LM
stuff makes free rec ending more
bearable love you fucks absolutely thank
you just in case you didn't go you're
getting hit oh that's a great touch
that's a great thought to be an
achievement from not getting hit right
yeah well and I mean also though like
wouldn't that suck after you beat the
villain to die right there playing I was
kid little kid it's playing the first
castlevania with my dad okay and
remember Medusa in that game I think the
second boss I mean I remember I can
remember the look of her but now I got
the Medusa plan what my dad I had
literally one health left my fucking
father is that you're never gonna do it
yeah that's right he suffers you up just
just give up
Danny just give up start again he had
more lives just can you know what I
fucking did it Jack yeah he tough into
you up he was preparing you for real at
reality
oh you're never going to do this that's
great that's great truth is a new story
see still have tales to tell no it's
actually not I've told that story on
stream like a while ago now it doesn't
come up much yeah but I have told that
story and you know it's just hard for me
to tell because you've told me so many
stories that they often get a little
mushed so it's like it's like I'm
hearing it for the first time
let's see here true blue reviews has
rich reacting with disgust to pop
culture things Jack tells him about is
one of the moments I'll miss most about
you guys that enrich telling a chat
member to go fuck themselves for saying
something stupid I admire that you use
cynicism in moderation oh look at that
men with his fancy cape does he not have
any weapon he just uses magic well he
uses magic that just doesn't cost my
magic meter or anything though okay
oh the he's the one that can turn into a
bat yep I kind of love it that you walk
above the level when you go up and down
stairs yeah
what are you guys gonna we're not
avoiding the question vile arrow - vile
arrow - says what do you guys gonna do
next
nothing we're gonna still be part of red
letter media and best of the worst and
we have no plans for anything we're
going to do next as far as video games
or a rich and Jack show is concerned if
we decide to do something you'll know it
when you see the episode up but we have
no it's it's not avoiding the question
we just don't have anything that we're
doing if it comes to that it comes to
that button yeah right now we just we
just don't have anything that bat attack
you should always have a plan well we do
have a plan our plan is to not -
previously recorded anymore we're
winning
yet the plan ro so who says I'm so sorry
I waited this long to say this watching
y'all grow from camera less bundlers to
the single most unique livestream
channel absolutely we're number one
going out on top Jack going out on top
has brought countless hours of joy and
even though disagreements came up every
once in a while you all are both
wonderful Thank You ro so thank you very
much we just appreciate you being around
and watching us you know turn from
failing all the time to just failing
every so often thing I think we've
reached many many a milestone
captain presidents it's so sad you guys
are retiring thanks for all the
interesting discussions the world is
losing some fun and thoughtful insight
take care and best of luck in all your
future endeavors
thank you well you know hopefully you
won't really lose it it will just be you
know in the other videos that we already
make it'll still be we're not dying
we're not we're not dying and we're not
stopping everything just previously
recorded last stream Canadian pig is
going to be on Wednesday we haven't
decided exactly on what we're playing my
guess is it'll probably be a few things
though we'll probably play a few things
what but how am i damaged you maybe
you're supposed to fly over me
undamageable undamageable
weird Canadian Pig no the Canadian paper
wants to know if the old videos and
video on demand will be removed no the
channel is not going anywhere you will
still be able to watch any old video the
YouTube channel is not going anywhere
they'll all still be there oh oh the
killer frogs gotcha that's not good
Dracula's dead that's not good I'm sorry
Dracula's dead what's his name here
Bakula Bakula as dracula Bakula is
dracula in Bakula these frogs are
kicking my ass i see that you know what
you might need in this situation that
old guy with his everything yeah suck at
frogs
I just noticed now that those are
skeletons pointing those are skeletons
pointing you in the right direction you
see that oh I can't go that way
I got no Dracula ah you know what I
should just I lost and Technicolor says
hate to hear the news it's been a great
48 months for me and many other people
you guys became a part of my Wednesday
and Sunday nights Rich's Dead Rising no
death run or legendary cheers and that's
you know well you'll always have that
rich yeah you always have video proof of
your perfect not just know death run
perfect know death run you're perfect no
different because you know everyone says
no death run but it was so much more
than that
it was a perfect know that I did
everything you could do in the game
perfectly right so we'll always have
that bucket says hey guys I can
understand your situation I've been at
my job for about four years now and I
need to change departments or look for
work elsewhere thanks for all the
entertainment and good luck it happens
it does it does and it's all it's good
everything is gonna be fine like all of
the time we can do this
fine everything is gonna be fine
anonymous says hey guys thanks for
making my days really fun you guys are
the only reason I cared about games
anymore thanks for Dishonored
recommendation the paper I wrote on the
choices got an A hey nice great also
going to watch society for my first date
with someone lol my sounds like a
mistake that sounds like a joke I hope
it's a joke because from all I've heard
that would be a terrible terrible idea
but yeah you know like they're there
they're over the past four years there
have been some fine video games out
there some fine fine video games what
people are saying says yes society is a
bad idea for a first date well you know
what or is it the perfect idea for a
first date hear me out here are you
stuck
that's a dead end Oh hear me out here
you watch society which I know nothing
about only the only thing I know about
societies we've seen enough you're
supposed to watch it without knowing
anything and I can only assume it's
horrifying in some way or another right
yeah but if you are if you find out you
love society you might find that person
who also loves society how am I supposed
to go yep where's the skeletons they
tell you where to go
is there a map
as one of the buttons on that no okay
we got a heart that's nice puffy bear
maybe a fall damage that's good maybe
use your your bat to head over that
direction tank
now here we go Oh
well there you go never mind you did it
and well anyway the point is if you love
society and you find someone who equally
as disturbed as you who also loves
society it would be like a match made in
heaven right or you know like if they
don't like society you just know right
away like yeah maybe you're not my thing
no valuable information you great
oh yeah that's guys god that's yep
ah look at Jill Oh
eat it eat it
dragon head and then looks like reboot
Godzilla doesn't it uh head yeah just
the head yeah a little bit
I do like I don't know if he had the
teeth on the bottom I like that touch
that's a great looking boss great
looking dragon
AJ pimps all says want to thank you guys
again for introducing me to rocket
League gonna miss listening to you guys
in the background while I play on
Sundays lol fuck my rock at League
oh gosh Oh Oh second the second phase
all right he's not immune to that shit
wowzers well now you know oh now he's
dead fucking great well now you know now
I lost my best tool in fighting shit
ma'am
also shit pee dill says quitting
streaming one more thing both rich and
Jack are literally wrong about thanks
Pete else we appreciate it
thanks for coming out thank you
I did I grew up on a farm so it's okay
everything's excusable because I grew up
on a farm molecular Lionel this is Jack
rich thanks for all the laughs my friend
Linda wants to tell biscuit that she
loves her good luck with your future
with the future boys thank you a biscuit
is a boy cat though so she loves him
just putting that out there I know like
that's just a general thing you know
everyone assumes cats are girls but
biscuits a boy
this kid this kid is a former stud
remember he's gonna shoot his mega thing
Chris I was like one dragon mouth inside
the other dragon mouth that's awesome
yeah
nope you got it though you got the
pattern down yeah yeah you're good
you got that batter
okay he'll get it oh but no now you have
to did ya oh shit might be on my next
set of wives how far back you have to go
if you dine out all the way I don't know
I can't even reach him
you'll find a way rich life always finds
a way
rich if you had to sing a karaoke song
on the final stream which song would you
choose my heart will go on
oh you've sang many a song don't you
remember when we don't have a clip setup
done all the songs we've sang if this
were a clip show that's what would be
happening but it's not
Thanks
yeah mm-hmm
hey no no no yeah it's gonna be one more
thing where he tries to attack you I
can't move I can't move
no ha ha oh well great
no suicide attack interesting
interesting
that's right board bomber the real
reason that we're retiring previously
recorded is we've received a ridiculous
amount of funding for our audio healing
system stereo stereo stereo chromia
pathy whatever it was stereo chromatics
oh that could be it I think I think that
was it yeah stereo chromatic yeah and so
we've actually we've raised so much
money but from initial investors with
our weird audio based health system that
we're good for now from now on we don't
even need to make the actual equipment
people just like the idea so much oh I
got mimicked yep who's the most
underrated member of the wu-tang clan
I'm gonna say the RZA just cuz he's
behind the beats a lot usually you know
the the actual the lyricist get all the
love but uh you know there are not
anything without them beats speaking of
rich I know this is gonna be a really
big news for you yeah but I think it's
next month the RZA from the wu-tang clan
is coming to town uh-huh he's gonna be
in Milwaukee to do a live restoring of
an old kung fu movie it's interesting
it's gonna be awesome I'm super excited
about this I'm super excited about this
a while ago you know here in Milwaukee
we have the oriental theater that's one
of our oldest
you know it's theatres it's an art house
theater independent theater and recently
it was bought by Milwaukee film the
people who do our Milwaukee Film
Festival and they're close to reopening
it and
part of the reopening is this weirdo
live concert with the RZA that's going
to be a live rescore scoring of like I
think it's like what is it 39 fists of
the Shaolin monk or something it's it's
it's gonna be awesome it's gonna be an
event yeah I'm super excited I'm super
super excited about him
thirty-six 36th chamber of Shaolin
that's what it is so it's a yes it
sounds like exactly a jack thing to do
and I'm gonna have a great time will I
try to bullshit my way backstage
100% I will bring a camera in the hopes
that I can convince someone I'm a
blogger and just to go backstage and
shake hands with the RZA absolutely
because as kaleidoscopic puts it the
wu-tang clan they ain't nothing to fuck
with everyone knows that
ah
she's gonna insta-kill Oh interesting
yeah fight the picture on the wall
well okay that didn't work how do I
avoid that attack you can't there's no
way to dodge it
I suppose he could with his fire hey
maybe uh maybe
dirtying great looks like a chick some
of the shots and that's Dorian Gray
isn't that the thing with the painting
yeah
nope
interesting what if this is supposed to
happen or if this is a purposeful death
and you're supposed to lose all your
guys
that
nope no I ever do that again shit
Mack nope
it's weird that that would be the only
defense I wonder if you just have to
time your hit just right probably good
that's worth a shot
I think yeah you just got time you're
hit maybe the lady with the whip would
be good with that just give you a little
more distance yeah a true-blue review
says as a request on behalf of vinny
vinesauce who sub to you only last week
as an appreciation of your work and to
use your tums emote would you mind
saying something to him thank you Thank
You Vinny vine says we really appreciate
you subscribing we appreciate you know
Vinny vine sauce had us had us on his
show early on in in our streaming days
well the earliest things we did yeah we
really appreciate that
I either to thank him for for subbing or
to call Mike Love the biggest hack fraud
Mike love is absolutely the biggest hack
fraud and arguably the worst beach boy I
guess not even arguably Mike love is the
worst beach boy everyone knows that
fuck you Mike love Vinny made us the
modest failure we are today he helped he
helped make us the mediocre people we
are today thank you very much
yeah people are saying you know to try
killing the painting normally or that
you possibly are able to jump over it
when it comes to try to attack hey but
I'd say if you just you know hit it in
time Oh too slow too slow I don't think
I have enough magic to beat him with
just the old guy sure which beach boy
went mental a couple of them you're
probably thinking of Brian Wilson Brian
Wilson had a big drug problem and went a
little mental but you know he was also
the the genius behind the Beach Boys the
songwriter mm-hmm but yeah when I went a
little crazy who's them remember Pink
Floyd that had schizophrenia oh yeah
yeah no I don't know i don't i don't
know Pink Floyd that well that nope
they're saying Syd Barrett yeah he had
he actually has good young interesting
was he uh was he a writer just doesn't a
player time what was the song they made
about him oh god damn it
sorry I'm not know if they're trying to
concentrate do you think we're talking
about the initial vocalist Syd Barrett
No
now I shouldn't doing this I want I'm
gonna dumbass I'm a fucking dumbass
uh yeah yeah you gotta jump nice jump
you did it well you're only down the
lady yeah but she's the best one yeah
yeah
uh J Bojangles is every night in my
dreams I see you I feel you that is how
I know you go on far across the distance
and spaces between us you have come to
show you go on near far wherever you are
I believe that the heart does go on
incidentally was shine on you crazy
diamond shine on you crazy diamond he
wrote a wider than they wrote it was for
the band member that heads gets Freddie
I believe oh okay I just I wonder I
wonder like if his schizophrenia you
know cuz obviously Pink Floyd has a very
unique psychedelic sound
she I think he was in the band before
they were so psychedelic Oh interest
yeah very interesting
he was the crazy diamond oh wow oh I
want to say they had him when they did
the first album which sounds nothing
like anything else they ever did really
yeah very interesting
nice rich got right up in his craw so
yeah do
quints omni exes hey fellas wanted to
chime in along with everyone else to say
waste a lot of magic yep you didn't was
it worth it well you got a one-off
that's pretty nice
I wanted to chime in Quinn Sammy exes
wanted to chime in along with everyone
else to save these dreams helped me
through some times and shit but before
we got we got to sad let's remember some
of the good times like huh
well I'm sure there were some anyway
thanks genuinely Thank You Quinn some
yeah
thank you for plenty of good times had
by all
I love those guys big teeth anything any
monster that smiles with like human
looking teeth is really creepy
Ryan look at that unhuman that in human
form with it with the human teeth is
very strange that gets me
chisels best child's best girls so I
know and hate what you are a reference
to oh yeah what is that just bone dragon
things from the original Castlevania oh
well there you go they say see you space
cowboy and gave us a very generous oh
thank you
child's best girl we really do it for
you so you gotten a few tonight and I I
am touched it's nice nice to be loved I
mean but also it's not super surprising
because we are the top streaming channel
on twitch right uh-huh
so let's just keep keep a little
perspective and the guy who likes bad
movies we appreciate you tip Thank You
Wes columns waist West kosis thanks for
the stream I will always hate fury road
thanks miss Ghost I don't get it I just
like that's what like yeah it harding
message like listen thanks guys
everything was great but i just just
want to make sure you know i hated fury
road listen there's a we have a
complicated relationship
I've liked a lot of you but I'm marking
that marking that part
so this is the last time you're gonna
stream though a Wednesday we'll be back
Wednesday nights at least they don't
respond will be like back oh my god
that's terrible
No
we'll be back Wednesday night we don't
know what we're gonna play yet but that
will be our official final stream well
fine I know this is all very last minute
and we didn't want to fuck you guys
completely over and as last tonight as
the last fuck you yeah yeah we're gonna
play a new game
we should have another stream and play
something that you guys actually enjoy
watching we'll do a little pub G maybe
some Friday the 13th who knows who we
have ideas we have some ideas greedy you
did you did
you've ruined it
jaysus 5:8 a2s is honest to god dream i
had the other night rich and Jack were
playing some kind of VR game where
you're riding a gondola through some
catacombs being chased by Vladimir Putin
that I you know I I'm sorry that's not
that sounds like a horrible dream
oh my god yeah this is not gonna be easy
it does not look easy
seems like the decision to end was kind
of sudden it was kind of sudden but it's
I think the feelings worked yeah and I
think that's the real thing it's it's
kind of been in the back of both of our
minds for a while now and we just
decided to talk about it today which is
why it's rather sudden but
yeah
no Nikolas the digger we we talked about
this a little bit earlier but mostly
it's just we feel like we're we've been
doing this long enough where we've kind
of run out of things to talk about we
feel like we've run out of stories to
tell we you know ran out of enthusiasm
there's there's just a lot that we don't
you know we feel I I feel like I feel
like we are not giving you guys the the
the best product that we can and so
rather than get to a point where
streaming becomes a chore and something
that we're not looking forward to we're
gonna end it while we still enjoy it
we're gonna end it while we're still
having fun and so we can look back on it
fondly and you know hopefully you as an
audience can remember you just killed
yourself now yeah hopefully use an
audience can also you know remember the
streams fondly we don't want to get to
that point where rich and I are going
through the motions and slogging through
it I hope rich and Jack are still free
it's nothing weird like that
she's asking when the next game night
he's going to have his hole this right
oh did you just find out how to cheese
it oh except for now you don't get the
magic or as much magic
a blip
Thank You fractals 3 or 4 thanks for
coming back
we always appreciate it
group
oh cool what are we having gaming no no
no you can't come I'm sorry you can't go
that's a very interesting enemy like a
like a skeleton peacock
you
Guu
are we ending the YouTube channel as
well as just the streaming both I mean
you know and as we discussed earlier
both will still be there like we're not
closing down any of the channels but ya
know we at where we're retiring
previously recorded as a whole which
means no more streaming and no more
reviews what are you supposed to do
against that die well
died
zurk boyish muck you can duck the wind
but there was also an electric volts
it's windy in general in the levels so
it's like rich it was moving without
moving there and so there's an electric
bulb behind him so you can duck the wind
but then he can't move to not get zapped
by the electric bolts which zapped him
causing him to stand up and then the
wind carried in the way that was that
was a fucked up in me
oh they're saying you can destroy those
yeah
now
that makes it slightly easier
now rich oh so close
so far away you're learning valuable
lessons though I am but I think all too
late yeah you only have two more lines
left button you might be able to do it
uhh radioactive mud no no new project
that we're working on necessarily just
if something comes up it'll come up if
it doesn't it doesn't obviously we will
both still be here for other red letter
media stop fest to the worst that sort
of thing
our victim we've already been through
Project Hornet and what it is and what
it's all about I think there's a hack
Bob for Project Hornet so someone hacked
about that up
I still to me with diet jack yesterday
were today still doing the diet the lost
a good amount of weight and pretty happy
with it had a had a bit of an off week
last week but overall still down still
going to still going in a positive
directions Iowans thanks for asking
oh and you know the reason we called it
project hornet is because much like much
like this thing the controller itself
kind of looked like a like a hornet but
you know like the butt of a bee and so
that's why we were calling it project
hornet just because that's kind of how
it looks that was not necessarily the
final name but uh alright wait is there
a way you can get on the other side of
him when he does then can you jump over
him otherwise I don't know if there is a
way to avoid that yeah
yes captain chowder there will be there
will be more Christian Bale Batman
videos because those I can make any time
don't you worry about that
I prefer bee but has the name
oh they're saying you can jump over him
but you have to be really careful
because the wind is blowing itself is
there a better way to avoid that
I guess Dracula can fly over all right
don't forget your ultimate cheese
so every Sunday and Wednesday we can
expect a new Batman episode now that you
have all that free time thanks dreamer
TK of course absolutely it'll be right
there with the new planket reviews so
lately captain president says hey Jack I
recall you liking the board game
betrayal at house on the hill just
tipping to let you know there will be a
legacy version of it this November and
when the legacy campaigns end you will
have a game with over 40 playable
scenarios that sounds great that sounds
great yeah I really like betrayal on
house on the hill that's we we have a
few games that we really like kind of
showing off to people and betrayal it at
house on the hill is one of those that
that is really fun for for people who
might not be into kind of newer board
games like shit
hey nice like people who you know are
used to playing Monopoly or Candyland or
life or you know the older board games
risk if the trail outhouse on the hill
is one of those great ones to show to
show them it's like oh this is kind of
what a new game can be in there it's
always really exciting it's always
interesting the trailhead house in the
hell like that and Mysterium mysterium
is always a crowd-pleaser mysterium is
that the game where your psychics and
you have to solve Oh
hitting them oh you have to solve a
murder using psychic powers how was he
supposed to know that
almost killed me where the suus yes ak
holy FARC this is it maybe I guess there
could be more how many stages are there
of this what time are we up we're at
9:40 yah okay so we're getting we're
getting close
ish to that four hour mark close to ish
you got lucky to switch characters and
time you absolutely did
well once I noticed what was going down
there saying after this there are two
more levels okay I don't think we're
gonna finish it that's all right
get as far as you want get through some
more tips here Josie they don't Joan see
they don't says dear rich and jacket has
been a great pleasure watching the
streams these last few years this was
another way for me to bond with my
girlfriend it sucks that this is ending
prereq was going to be part of my
proposal good luck and see you around
sorry Jonesy they done Hunchback Jackson
hey guys I've been listening to today's
stream while repairing my garden
sprinklers sometimes it's what you guys
do with your time I think it's great am
fixing my PC hey I'm working hey I'm
hanging out with my girlfriend now I'm
repairing my garden sprinklers very
interesting and everything has gone
wrong oh sorry about that how much Bank
Jack if only you had done an or
irrigation maintenance stream at some
point I wouldn't have this problem
oh well too late now thanks anyway Thank
You Hunchback Jack we appreciate it
pairing garden sprinklers look look at
this color by the way that's this one's
kind of ugly it's ugly but it you know
what it is it is bold yeah you know for
sure what a platform is man yeah that is
some bold color direction
Jack tell me how horrible it is to have
children your entire life changes any
priority you thought you had is done I'd
say don't do it but it sounds like it's
too late and like that's a bad that's
you know a lot of people will see that
as a bad thing you know the good part of
it is you get children and if you want
children it's a good thing but literally
your entire life changes nothing will be
the same ever and then when you have two
of them it gets even worse why did you
do that because I wanted kids and I'd
like having kids there are some very
positive aspects to having kids and you
know this is something I think I've
talked about on stream but if not hey
here's here's a story about being kids
that you know I was really excited to
have kids of olive I've always wanted to
have kids but that first year of having
a child I was woefully unprepared for
just the amount it took out of me
physically and mentally I was not ready
for and I offered creatively and
business leave from it because like it
was just hard to do or make anything
because having a kid is so tough I'm now
at a point where I really enjoy having
children and we're having a great time
teaching them things leaving the world a
better place hopefully make your
children not have dickheads there not be
dickheads that's how it works that's
that's the whole idea but a swish in
time he popped up yeah I want to switch
to the old dude do use a shield yep yep
well you've teach your children that's
on the Sun right oh it's terrible but uh
okay aunt you think I'm done okay you
got pretty far
yes shockingly far let's see here
Wednesday we'll be back when finalists I
know probably sounded beavis says but
you guys were supposed to stream into
your elderly ears and be as passionate
as Harrison Ford in the force awakens or
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull that was
exactly the plan yeah that was exactly
the plan Tomcat 2096 is I thought you
guys were gonna have a Batman and
Catwoman marriage countdown there was a
couple of streams ago so maybe they've
already divorced they never got hitched
then we had the countdown it was at zero
days and then the issue where they were
supposed to get married they actually
never got married so call then thanks
for the good years of all so are you
gonna have another web of shadow stream
nope nope or not das a clown Stein says
it's been a few months since I've been
able to catch a stream so when I saw the
note notification that you were
streaming tonight I thought to myself
those bastards are still at it it's not
anymore thanks for a few good years of
laughs boys Thank You desk lounge time
Johnny see goods has just subbed this
month and have enjoyed the show for a
while thanks for all the entertainment
can't wait to see your new work I'm
watching - I'm watching the stream for
the first time with my girlfriend Anna
please say hello Anna
hello Anna welcome to the stream we
appreciate you guys coming by and then
we're caught up so now is the point of
the stream in which we think
all of you lovely people who have
subscribed to us during this very sure
we appreciate you also very guy it's
really shit it is true I want to turn
turn that off yeah and then I'll go over
here trying out - the music's playing I
think oh shit here just
oh it has a little it has a little
exiting the game music did you hear that
yeah beep okay so this is the phone
where we thank all of you people who
have subscribed to us much like Dexter
sinister thank you we really appreciate
it
Stryker one one two one 438
motherfucking months in a row
who says thanks for the good times boys
welcome madryn you know I'm just gonna
give everybody a motherfuckin a40
motherfucking months in a row
no mama guns up for 14 motherfucking
months in a row a fluffy mobius for 35
motherfucking months in a row who says
as a viewer since Mike playing don't
shit your pants thanks for all fun times
dude fizzle be for 12 motherfucking
months in the row says heck frauds moo
skardu for 5 motherfucking months in a
row this is only 5 months do I know how
to pick em or what
thank you we appreciate it so much takes
more for 0 motherfucking crane hand
Christ for 14 motherfucking months in a
row who says up frowny face grind sting
for 18 motherfucking most of the row
says sad to see previously recorded go
but look forward whatever you do next
Crisis Core 14 for two motherfucking
months in a row future future J 411
motherfucking months in a row says thank
you for the years you've spent here they
were always enjoyed thank you thank you
oh dear voice for four motherfucking
months in a row he says don't leave us
uncle rich and other guy how I'll know
how I'll know your
new venture brothers that's historically
been good I'm sure it'll be good a bead
up for two motherfucking months in a row
snoop master 24/7 motherfucking months
in a row who says hey guys sad to see
it's the last room I was wondering how
you would rank Zach Galifianakis Joker
from the Lego Batman movie among the
rest of the Joker's in theatrical Batman
movies I think he brought a lot of
weight and sensitivity to the character
I didn't even know that was that
Galifianakis be honest with you
such an odd version of the Joker I don't
know how I can rank it was weird
self-aware the personalities quite not
well I guess the Joker is pretty much
Joker that Batman is definitely not
Batman it's good if it's a fun Batman
notice that it's not the Bruce Wayne we
all know it's hard to rank it because
it's clearly a comedy ya know like they
weren't necessarily going for a specific
characteristic it was just comedy sake
so like it's hard for me to even think
of that as a Joker
you know yeah yeah yeah kind of I was
good it's like it's like ranking like in
that one episode remember the old show
birds of prey yeah like the the female
super DC superheroes shudders Oracle and
I don't know it wasn't someone else but
in one of those episodes Barbara Gordon
has a flashback to when she was shot by
the Joker yeah and this kind of faceless
Joker thing goes in there and actually
like I think they use is like a Mark
Hamill laughs yeah but it's it so it's
like that be like ranking that Joker
amongst all the other Joker's Black
Canary Thank You Chad you've come
through again always your Bali form one
motherfucking month in a row
Jim docks for one motherfucking months
in a row darkest 420 motherfucking
months neuroses who wins a game of chess
between Osama
bush osama because bush lost the twin
towers
there's no towers in chess board bio
it's the best response jack gentlemen
bears for 16 motherfucking months in a
row who says i almost made it to having
you say fucking with my anniversary
he did say logic you lations say 'la
fucking v my friend guess can't prime
for 4 motherfucking months in a row uh
turd smuggler 44 for 14 motherfucking
months in a row who says jack i
rewatched the entire jurassic park
series recently to as meteor occur as
Jurassic Park 3 was yeah that talking
Raptor was grade-a schlock l absolutely
it was not in a bad way it was just
locks lock keep it up you hacks thank
you turd smoke oh that's that's that's
the thing is like after the first
Jurassic Park and even parts of the
first Jurassic Park are pure shock
Spielberg of course elevates it a bit
but all like there is schlock throughout
that entire series and so once he gets a
Jurassic world it's all part of the same
goop yeah as far as I'm concerned the
Raptors talking to each other the the
the uneven bars to dropkick the Raptor
in in lost world if there's some there's
some garbage in there good old garbage
and and it's just as bad as the
Velociraptor given a fist bump to the
t-rex at the end of Jurassic world yeah
after they take down the in size a soros
indominus right that's it in the
indominus rex it's all schlock turd
smuggler guy qug anger v4 one
motherfucking months in a row watch back
jack for 38 motherfucking months in a
row says after 38 months i'm sad to see
you close it down but wish you luck and
whatever you do
next a fun fun time was had by all of us
in chat and we thank you you all thank
you
Titus 84 for 22 motherfucking months in
a row
barking Burrell for 12 motherfucking
months in a row spacial Lama for six
motherfucking months in a row who says F
peep are four five motherfucking months
a neurosis has have this free money
thank you we'll take it Nate the
adequate for one motherfucking month in
a row jr. bacon fat kid for two
motherfucking months in a row what's
says after resetting late so many times
over the past years it's finally been
two whole months in a row too bad I'll
never get a fucking in front of my
months in a row will you oh well it's
been fun jack never forget to install
lock-on targeting when I didn't get for
those who don't understand when I first
played frog fractions I didn't
understand that lock-on targeting was
just a joke so instead of doing the
thing I kept on installing and
uninstalling like on targeting sometimes
fun times trickster for one
motherfucking months in a row a job 26
for zero once in a room machine gun funk
for 27 motherfucking months in a row who
says assuming this isn't a joke it's
it's not I'm super bummed to see you go
honestly it wasn't here for the games
just listening to you shoot this shit
any chance for an rlm podcast in the
future no idea what the future holds
that's true scary the future it's past
it's also scary scary
inevitable in the present scary because
you're constantly haunted by the past
and you never know what the future is
it's all scary that's true
you monster for 40 motherfucking months
in her own queen of the One Ring for 16
motherfucking ones in a row who says
shooing I think so I think so a shoeing
my usual prime shill since you are
leaving tips for a Tommy why sue the
room viewing party just enjoy the movie
and you know try to try not to don't
worry don't get worried about like
whatever rituals some people might do
during screenings just the movies funny
on its own merits just enjoy it
exactly yeah that's what I was just
gonna say try not to make too many jokes
like we're supposed to throw the spoons
here I've read don't just just watch
enjoy the movie and make jokes buddy
yeah
and you know when you're when you're in
a viewing like that leave room for other
people to make jokes to it's not just
about you it's about everybody PS good
luck and we'll be here if you ever
decide to come back thank you Karina
there aren't one ring a clockwork stolen
for 45 motherfucking months in a row God
likes a liar for zero motherfucking
months in a row Samuel winters for one
motherfucking month in a row absorbs
quickly for zero motherfucking months in
a row Linda was taken for 46
motherfucking months roses any new
future content plans you have one more
stream well that's the I mean that's
true that's a future content plan so we
got that going for us
that's a penny for 21 motherfucking
months in a row a cos e 99 for 23
motherfucking months in a rose whoo 23
months sagon 1 to 2 0 for 42
motherfucking months in a row
chicken beer or pork services for 11
motherfucking months in a row says just
finished watching the new Ken Burns
stock in Vietnam good stuff check it out
he's a fine documentarian also that's
chicken beef or pork services where I
say you said chicken beer or pork
chicken beef or pork service which by
the way I think chicken beer works or
you know they'll be tasty but different
thing
chicken Mick buttocks for 22
motherfucking months in a row she's dick
- for two motherfucking months in a row
drago 34 first six motherfucking months
in a row who says i just recently
started to remember - rescrub
we subscribe with prime thanks for all
the last PS thanks for introducing me to
XCOM and FTL rich no problem fine games
McGregor 23 for two motherfucking months
and Rosa's not angry with your stream
life choices just disappointed ah all
the best for future endeavors
PS Briggs it means Briggs n' okay
usually a word means a word yes dr.
guter hooter hanker for 32 motherfucking
months in a row says hey hey never got
unfucked so I'll soon be um what's what
are the tears again clay don't wanted
for 18 motherfucking months in a row
Stix Vaughn Carsten for zero months
motherfucking months in a row finder for
zero motherfucking months in a row
bucket for one motherfucking month in a
row
yellow contend ready for nine
motherfucking months and roses all the
best retreat to hibernate for zero
motherfucking months in a row Magnus PU
for 42 motherfucking months in a row
chester cragwitch for 22 motherfucking
months in a row monkey foot 8 4 4
motherfucking monster neurosis 4 months
for the second time and it's the last
dream i'll be able to see sad to see you
guys go thank you for being there
thank you for being here and watching
while you did Alec station for 22
motherfucking months in a row
who says you guys won't be streaming
anymore because it's getting repetitive
it's your job to be repetitive your job
your job is repetitiveness
repetitiveness is your job Simpsons
reference I understand that Jesus 582
for two motherfucking months in a row
says it's my two-month anniversary I'm
sorry to hear you're closing up shop I
appreciate all you guys have done did
you guys see the Titans fan I mean
trailer hopefully you heard me talk
about that earlier but it's a super hot
mess and I really hope that whoever's in
charge of that show like something bad
happens to them on the business side of
things like whoever greenlit robbing
murdering people and saying fuck Batman
yeah
that person needs to be demoted at least
that's it was it looks terrible it looks
like every joke that everyone has ever
made about the DC dark universe do you
see man
they don't got their shit together they
just don't have their shit together well
if you want a good laugh watch it the
Titans the Titans trailer for their new
show on the DC whatever network DC
monthly subscription thing it's gonna be
great it's gonna be it's gonna be a mess
it's gonna be great P Dill's 411
motherfucking months in a row says I
call the two Canadians large Colin and
small Colin because I can't remember the
other guy's name oh they said :
large : and small : because I can't
Rover the other guy's name which one is
: same Lincoln for 0 motherfucking
months in a row TJ combo uppercut for 0
motherfucking months in a row subsonic
Bell for 14 motherfucking months in a
row vs. thanks for all the good times
you're welcome
is a kurios for 3 motherfucking months
in a row who says sorry to hear you guys
are closing shop I always gave you guys
and your videos 40 out of 42 gay kisses
but first that's the highest compliment
I've ever gotten so thank you you and
your unique perspective on games will be
sorely missed
thank you for there you go we have too
many cutscenes not enough gay kisses
rich hated it
boom done Rochelle 87 446
motherfucking monster OSes ray preten
deer 419 motherfucking months in a row
who says couldn't get to 20 almost Chris
X right for two motherfucking months in
a row says a Rupert's dog boy for 19
motherfucking months in a row who says
now I'll never get to see rich play
checkers on stream again it was fun
thanks guys remember that in the early
days yeah we couldn't think of anything
to play then I can't play checkers and
it just played checkers that's great
Texas piss handler for 8 motherfucking
months in a row
clone 27 27 for 28 motherfucking months
in a row who says didn't you guys just
get a new machine for streaming yeah
I'll have to throw in the garbage right
in the garbage mud smack for one
motherfucking month in a row we
obviously can't use it anymore I know
it's a useless it's completely you can't
do anything else with it that's true
ah phoof Deckman 4 0 motherfucking
months in a row Juan Valdez my hero for
one motherfucking month in a row sleepy
brown bear for 12 motherfucking months
in a row who says what is that feeling
when you're driving away from people and
they proceed on the pain till you see
the what plane look at the plane wait
hold on what is that feeling when you're
driving away from people and they recede
on the plane till you see their specs
disappearing it's the two huge world
vaulting us and it's goodbye but we lean
forward to the next crazy venture
beneath the skies thank you
dr. Lou it up for two motherfucking
months in a row
I'm decided sorry I garbled that it
seemed beautiful jabo jingles for four
motherfucking months in a row says I
love you rich
xoxo I love you jack xoxo the future is
bright sausage toes for 43 motherfucking
months in a row says no one else on
Twitch I'd rather watch we appreciate
your time
hell night 86 for two motherfucking
months in a row because movie for 30
motherfucking months in a row says damn
I finally reached 30 months and they're
going off the air I guess all I have to
say is so long and thanks for all the
fish praise breehn praise brain if it's
one contribution that the chat Oh God
needs to feel proud of Neal Breen it was
because of you that we know of Neal
Breen
praise the brain you chat are who
facilitated the brain we are we are
forever grateful
the last hummus for 10 motherfucking
months in row who says thanks for all
the entertainment my favorite moments
were Jack's PC build riches Dead Rising
spit death and all the text adventures
dreams thanks waiting Denning for 32
motherfucking months in a row mister I
love the ants for eight motherfucking
months in a row who says fuck Batman
Jonesy they don't verse zero
motherfucking months in a row so angry
oh fuck Batman dust clown Stein for one
was a fucking munch in a row
Boyle 871 411 motherfucking Westeros has
not been able to sub the whole time but
I've been here from the beginning
genuinely gutted you are stopping but
understand your reasons good luck for
the future thank you thanks for hanging
out Doyle neon Hall for zero months
motherfucking months in a row
squirtle 322 4-0 fucking mutts
motherfucking months in a room we're
losing it rich I know it's time to call
it quits tension 98 for one
motherfucking month in a row
gruff military for 31 motherfucking
let's arrow says thanks very much for
all the great hours of entertainment
frog fractions Friday 13th perfect Dead
Rising so many great moments I doubt you
guys know how much good you've actually
done for some of us and how much good
you guys did for us we we appreciate all
of the love and support you've given us
throughout the years
100% Thomas M oiy
for one motherfucking months in a row
toaster mints for one motherfucking
month in a row Eugene bowtie for 28
motherfucking months in a row says
thanks for all the great memories jars
crust for 29 motherfucking months in a
row says thanks so much much love from
Vietnam jars crust that's great
phantom tollbooth for one motherfucking
month in a row jolly denialist for eight
motherfucking months in a row
doctor space plasma for four
motherfucking months in row who says
finally felt like hitting that button
huzzah pushing the pushing all the
buttons these are J hooker for 47
motherfucking once in a row damn almost
made it to four years oh well better
luck next time
wish you all the best Theodore J hooker
for 47 goddamn motherfucking once in a
row ceremonially 48 months Wow rich
doesn't do that just for anyone smut
skull for zero motherfucking months in a
row crap 23 a 5 motherfucking months in
a row
Jones Ramones for zero
motherfucking months in a rose lovely
race car for one motherfucking month our
own Imperial loyalists for zero
motherfucking months in a row quote SSB
and quote SSB for zero motherfucking
months in a row thank you for
subscribing we we really appreciate it
it's true it's absolutely true we really
do thank you
