May 30, 2018
Space Quest III, Descenders
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269173264
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269176509
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhc9HClLfls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW9VXMkgMxs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1001879332036411392

[Part I]
son yeah I got more than one person
saying like there should be music and so
I'd like to check your DOSBox okay so
there should be music to this well
scummvm not DOSBox scummvm yeah there's
music here yeah they're not seeing that
they're not seeing that last time we had
to why why does life have to be so
difficult why is it not seeing this I
don't know Rach this is just not like
there goes no oh there you go alright
okay randomly decides whether or not it
wants to show the game well so now go
into the scummvm settings or or sound
maybe yeah maybe it's in there I'm sound
off no I don't know how to get into
scummvm settings so well then we just
might be PFT
so now you have no idea how to fix that
don't worry about it
then don't let's not worry about it then
okay so where did we leave off right
I start up the game you were on
McDonald's on the McDonald's station I
think I was on McDonald's oh you just
decrypted the message yes yes I
decrypted the full message myself with
no help from anyone else nope you got a
load of 7f 7 right ok so I was on Planet
McDonald's the McDonald's spoof and
coming to America was McDowell's I
believe that's right they got the they
got the Big Mac we got the big Mick have
the golden arches what do they have the
the golden em no oh it's been so it's
been way too long since I've seen that
okay so we decoded the message the
golden arcs
oh that's it thank I got the golden Ark
we got or ad on a stick we got thermo
we've underwear i got an astro chicken
flight hat a mono lift decoder ring
bukka Zoids and an invisibility belt and
a question and a quest where we're off
to where uh chant did you make a little
thing for the message could you tell us
Jack needs the message I can't believe
you have to go to pest you um I probably
have to go to the only other planet I
can go to which is the volcano planet
and I assume that's what I'm assuming
why can't it why am I not on my ship the
small moon of pest you on
an impediment an impenetrable force
field surrounds the moon it must first
be deactivated its origin is unknown to
us I can't get on my ship look around oh
there we go because I on this star map I
only have one more location I can go to
which is I will be shocked if if a new
thing opened up anything opened up
because you got the message
sure well let's scan resume scan so
that's the volcano volcano planner I'm
just curious planet Ortega let's scan
around and find out okay yeah yeah and
up here is the other planet right that's
a flea flea bahut which we've already
been to yep that's it okay alright so we
are going to volcano planet set course
calculating course we played Astro
chicken
Jack has not seen so low we won't be
spoiling the Han Solo movie tonight
no solo talk please I will probably see
it before Sunday and no matter what
Sunday will lift the chat restrictions
chat spoiler restrictions but give
people at least till the second weekend
Lightspeed
however the review is up half in the
bags that's true so I can't acknowledge
that controversially I like it I really
liked it you we've talked about that a
bit where you and Mike liked it yeah but
Jay did not yeah
to spoil the half in the back review
yeah which I'm sure you've
I've probably seen it but I'm surprised
that there's usually you know on at
least four major movies you guys are
usually kind of at least somewhat in
sync yeah so no we're all over the place
mmm that's great confirmed richest Star
Wars fan see see this is this is
annoying I was hoping I'd hate it
because now people are not gonna let up
about Star Wars
what's Clone Wars showing clone war
shows really good she watched rubble
show Roberts was really good idea like
that rubble show Omar's good I know it's
about your two least favorite characters
in Star Wars Anakin Skywalker and
obi-wan Kenobi as your least favorite
our stars really good jokes come Star
Wars what I wish I hated solo I'm very
sorry rich I'm very very sorry
looks like some like solo you might like
Clone Wars this originates everything
that's good about Star Wars
would you call Anakin Skywalker
it's something good about Star Wars
prequel era Anakin Skywalker then boring
Wan Kenobi good you're you're holding
those up as positives this is why I'm
not a Star Wars fan
I know they're probably trolling me but
sometimes I just go with it
what volume is that at 12 all y'all I
just wanted to show you guys it's it's
nothing we don't know how to turn the
music on if there is music to these
sections which I assume there is music
but we don't know how to do that if you
rank the worst Star Wars characters from
worst to least worst okay how far do you
go before you hit a character that's not
from the prequels Anakin number one
Anakin janae Janek because Anakin and
Darth Vader or two different characters
yes okay I'm with you oh man Christian
Hayden Anakin oh is the worst followed
by baby Anakin yeah he's pretty bad Shmi
is pretty bad everyone from the Jedi
Council everyone yeah
dust ball you know you know yes he had a
white saber that was too light sir no
well whatever Darth Maul doesn't have
enough personality to even be ranked
what is he as what does he is a
character besides we go to the Clone
Wars all right
the planet Ortega is truly a lava
lover's paradise volcanic activity
constantly reshapes its surface so if
you have any maps older than last week
throw them out
shimmy uh I'm gonna Padme before shimmy
Shmi Shmi the mom yeah righto qui-gon oh
god qui-gon
yeah wet below meal they're just not
listing off prequel characters Padme was
yeah yeah I mean yeah you're right
you're right
why are you so right all the time hey
you know what I should do I should save
how do you save again yeah five yeah
what about rose she's not worse than any
of the characters I've listed I'm not
fond of rose but she's not worse than
any of the characters I just listed
which ones Rose Asian one from the last
Jedi Oh Rose you might not like her as a
character but is actually a character
has stuff that she wants to do has a
little bit of a backstory she has a
thing wrote Rose has purpose in the Star
Wars universe
natan named me a purpose for Padme
besides Hayden Christensen loves her no
Rose is something okay not that way you
might not dig on Rose but at least she
did and had backstory had a thing
she accomplished muddled them the
messages at the end you know she did
stuff Oh No oh move move
are you dingus kit fisto he's an on
character and he's going on the list
who's Kit Fisto I don't know what Jedi
is that like squid eyes or squid
tentacles squid something if you can't
name if you can't name their name then
they're a bad character right that was
his name
Kit Fisto Kit Fisto yeah and all of the
bugs
Count Dooku but he had four arms
that's Grievous oh what oh come on
I keep falling into lava
they haven't even said jar jar yet Lisi
has an arc Jar Jar is annoying
he's up there sure no wonder boom bow
was the the who was the big big Gungan
leader who was boss nass it was
definitely Boombah Boombah oh yeah yeah
I'm sucking kind of just walk on the
lava does Jar Jar have an arc uh yeah
he's he's he's an outcast of Gungan
society and then he helps them in the
war and is then a hero at the end yeah
he's and he's got an arc it's the only
character and the phantom medicine does
it appears that parts of this planet's
surface are not entirely stable better
be careful or you'll end up in the lot
or you'll end up lava fondue below oh
hello I should save me swindle yeah what
does he do nothing it's got a purple
lightsaber he's neutered Samuel Jackson
mm-hmm oh way to go ace you
blundered your way to within a range of
the oh those are pirates apparently
jello gun hello clone he's on the
council I listed them like third the
entirety of the council
I never tell you though
the Emperor he's in the prequels the
emperor the villain is the only likeable
character in the prequels Palpatine how
up is that
and he is the only likable character
that you're happy to see on screen I'm
okay with Ewan McGregor
you know the carrots on waste of Ewan
McGregor the characters very boring but
I like seeing you in McGregor on
screaming about that alright alright
obviously loyal company men these scum
soft employees are happily performing
their duties but looking at their
weapons they probably don't want to get
too close all right well then just leave
this area well hope for some of the way
it's Star Wars Yu Shu not sure know
every character's name I just called one
of them Pogo ball because I didn't know
it just you hear a roar of the pirate
Scout ship taking off the ship streaks
across the sky oh okay
also rich has a generally good memory
generally speaking of a character race
window or link well link but links a
video game character who's supposed to
be a blank slate so it's easier for you
the player to put yourself in the game
so like in the video game you get to
make a decision and then then you're you
are linked in in the movie you can't
make any decisions for the characters
you just have to watch them not make
decisions link is that way by design
mace window is that way by incompetent
writing
oh wait for Rich's job he wouldn't have
watched any Star Wars past episode three
that is absolutely true there is a
telescope on and a monitor on a pole
some seismic woman and a crate of some
sort no okay
in in most every game except for I
think it's the only exception is breath
of the wild you can change his damn name
it's not even linked that's true you
comfort yeah
fart goes on an adventure goes on an
adventure you have to save Zelda fart
it's fun to call him something like
jerks and everyone's just insulting you
all game hey jerk yeah look over here
jerk agreed oh look at that
aha you've discovered the forest beam
generator and that moon must be pissed
yuan boom done okay boom
No
you name like I say to make people sound
like Foghorn Leghorn hey I say hey there
I absolutely have to try that I say you
picked up a magic telescope well I say
you are the hero of Hyrule that's great
that's good that's he made that joke
long ago okay okay well good on Yahtzee
he's funny man it's a clever man
boom my poll now so what's what's going
on are you winning game I'm winning all
sorts of game I came down to the lava
planet I put on my underpants first
obviously good move and then I I went
over here and I had to watch the Pirates
for a little bit but then they left or
not the Pirates is there company man
yeah yeah then they left and now I found
the the generator and I took a detonator
and a pole
I got a pole uh-huh and now I'm gonna
see if I can take anything here Nick a
seismic IE seismic look at mint
there's a telescope some Osei
ah look at sighs mech II cool hwhip
meant trip sighs male the look at size
mick equip meant i spell and type good
okay well apparently I can't do anything
with the seismic equipment turn on Oh
I'll turn on equipment there's our
button to push Jack we're aware of the
thimble we'd park we put it to a vote
last stream and the people wanted Space
Quest 3 yeah
but I think possibly for our next
adventure game we'll do film every park
I have her I have confirmation that we
can turn off all voice acting okay and
you know it's been a while since we've
done like we've never done like a
point-and-click and that could be fun
they're different we could try we could
try it could be different look down I
can't there's there's there seems to be
nothing I can do with the seismic
equipment but I feel like I'm just not
typing the right thing you know turned
oh do we figure out what's going on with
donations and not receiving them and I
know we were busy with other before
the stream
oh then no we didn't okay oh the
bits and yeah you tell me where to go we
got bits there you go where do I go to
see bits
what is there a bit oh yeah donation
thing in here as well what what do you
want to see do we send messages with
bits and do we get that oh yeah that's
in Cheers
okay though we can't read all of those
that's the problem with Cheers
all right well no I can't do anything I
can't do anything with the size of
equipment
I might have to you know what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna save Oh
because it cuts off yeah we can only
read like the first the first like word
or two of it unfortunately so if you are
tipping with bits I can't read it we
can't read it but we'll figure that out
we'll figure I swear to you we will
figure that out we were filming an
episode right before the stream today so
we didn't have time I promise I will
figure it out
captain president says hey guys captain
president just tipping here to let you
know that they might be giants is coming
to Madison Wisconsin on October 23rd
enjoy you alright this little ways
way I was not so far we actually we they
were just in Milwaukee a little bit ago
I didn't get a chance to see him
but what's Madison like a couple hours
oh not even our hour maybe an hour and a
half man that Madison is a hop skip and
a jump away
they keep teasing every every once in a
while like a politician starts talking
about a high-speed rail Karen if you
want to go I will definitely go Karen I
wanna go through they might be giants in
the chat Karen have you ever seen they
might be Johnny likes she wanted I know
if she don't think she's seen them love
but she likes that they might be giants
they're good they they put on a good
live show you should go I recommend it
but they'll probably like if they tour
again they come through Milwaukee often
so well are you you you just click on
the thing for tickets Karen we'll go
live well yeah check it out though they
do have a new album out I love you baby
I love you they do have a new album out
so you know the constant worry is that
they'll only play stuff off of the new
album but it's not bad okay you reach
the rim of the decayed cylinder cone and
are overwhelmed by the sight an
impressive machine of staggering size
sits in the middle of the volcanic
crater okay riches riches whipped so
having somebody in your life who loves
you very much is being whipped who wants
to go do things with you how Wow
Karen sure has you want to shortly want
to go that concept for those people you
like you know that band you really like
I think we should go to that concert
whoa baby slow down
I'm in the shield generator
something is happening you're moving
fast we might we might not have much to
go okay well uh I I have a backup oh
good good we might we might need it I
thought I remembered there being more on
the lava planet but I guess there really
wasn't I have I have a back-up plan
something I was gonna save for for
another stream but we'll see we'll see
how long it takes me rich if you're
reading this I love you and what your
babies you'll have to negotiate that
with Karen who was also in the chat who
has rich totally whipped right right so
you got to figure that out man that's
the only got you to save oh
Thank You Chad Thank You Chad
it would be great if we had some music
I'll be honest with you this is a very
quiet game without music I don't know
enough about the scum stuff p.m. to fix
that if anyone in chat knows of any way
we can mess with the scummvm settings
thank you know what oh look at this
warning midi parser the requested SC IO
sound has no MIDI note data for the
currently selected sound driver I don't
know how to change some drivers right
with this so that what's what's
happening is is the the game doesn't
know how to tell the computer how to
make the sounds it's supposed to thank
okay right Karen is richest fiance Karen
is me but Karen now I just that's how I
picture you talking all the time Karen
is me
karen is Rich's fiance and Karen is
all right here we go go up a ladder
bbbbbb I saw someone asked in the chat
and so I will talk about it a little bit
last week we invited we invited the
neighbors over because they have kids
our kids is aged about and they were
interested in some D and D time and so I
made up a very small campaign the
campaign had you know maybe three four
encounters to it yeah so you know an
encounter is either an enemy that you
need to battle some sort of obstacle he
needs across or like a puzzle element
right and so it was very simple they
started off in a bar yeah and then you
know they're there in the bar there was
a couple people they could interact with
and then all of a sudden the blacksmith
burst in and the blacksmith's daughter
had been kidnapped and they had to
figure out whether or not they were
gonna go rescue the daughter and you
know of course all the kids were like
yeah let's go let's go rescue and then
one of it one of the dads who had
actually played D&D; when he was a kid
but you know not in 30 years or
something was just like wait a minute
what do we get for rescuing you I'm the
blacksmith so I'm like well I I've been
making a weapon for the King and if you
bring my daughter back to me I will give
you that weapon and it was like he said
he said you know after playing some old
wheels were turning him remember that
you know he hadn't played since she was
like 12 years old but the the game
overall went very well
the unfortunately there was a lot of
younger kids there and so it derailed a
little bit but I could see the adults
were starting to figure it out and like
they were having a great time yeah yeah
I put I put a little bridge with a troll
to guard it but the it wasn't like a
like an angry smash everything troll it
was a it was
hungry yeah and so before that I had
planted some like food items you know
like Oh some there was like a bat
encounter that had like apples in the
tree there was a honeycomb there was a
bear that they could kill to get bear
meats and so they were trying to I was
hoping that they would like bribe it
with food or something yeah but what
they actually did was they intimidated
the troll who was a speaking troll yeah
and they intimidate is that you oh look
there's there's enough of us here you
better let us pass or we're gonna kill
you yeah and their intimidation roll
worked so I was like oh okay sure and
then later when they come back with the
rescue daughter that Charles gonna have
some friends is what I figured oh well
you know you gotta have okay actions
have consequences
yeah but overall the night it went
really well it ended a little short
because some kids were feeling sick and
with that many kids it was taking a very
long how many kids three kids okay
that's enough three kids and and three
adults and me the DM and so yeah there
was a lot of talking and but overall
when really I think it went well and
then I saved here no and we're excited
to keep going so while trying to catch
your breath you take in the panoramic
view below you can see your ship off in
the distance and volcano stretching out
over the horizon there is a large
circular opening here at the top of the
generator this must be where the beam
originates watch your step okay Jack you
have any plans to play Detroit becoming
human nah
III had suggested that as a possible
review maybe a first four hours of this
is way too boring always way too boring
all I have heard from everyone is that
not only is it a game that tries to
force its narrative on you over gameplay
but that the narrative sucks balls
that's all I've heard about the game
obvious
yes and so while I was initially
interested in Detroit yeah like seeing
that trailer at that III I think we did
in III video I was like oh this could be
really nice hostage negotiation game I
can see something to that sure and you
know Androids and he was alright like I
was down with the initial premise but
the more I learned about the game the
more that it sounded like absolutely
something I thought I would not be
interested it sounds like what house
work right now the explosion disables
the forcefield generator you may now
travel safely to best Yolanda did it you
doing great what'd you just drop
detonators down there I threw detonators
you explain what what we're doing in the
go sorry sorry I picked up that den
helder and I know I'd first I did try to
climb down I wanted to see if I could
actually go into the hole and they
wouldn't let me so I just threw a
detonator down there and so now the
force field is destroyed so I can get to
pissed you on do a great jack you're
going through this like a hot knife
through butter map think you guys should
play immortal redneck it's a roguelike
you know what I did play a mortal
redneck uh-oh has apparently set off a
chain reaction of earthquakes you'd
better get off this rock ASAP I'm on it
I did play immortal redneck actually I
played it this is tense you know
what I should do right here saves gum I
am the save scum I I played immortal red
I'll I remember how to get out
it's this way I played immortal redneck
when I played City when we were playing
a what was that game called
first-person roguelike
you know what what I'm talking about
the first person rug like the one were
you shooting out like the mushroom guys
the fantasy kind of medieval one where
you have like a wand no but that's
another one no I was talking about the
one we did a review for first person Oh
abstruse strafe thank you when we played
strafe I actually looked into a bunch of
other first-person roguelike yeah
including immortal redneck city of brass
and someone is gonna have to help me
with oh with what that wizard one
was called because I actually really
liked that wizard one
what was he oh it looked like I
couldn't go that way you sure I don't
know I think I have to go this way yes I
have to go this way
that was like lava okay I might have
been able to but I can definitely go
this way or can i yes I can you can okay
anyone remember what that what the I
know Jim sterling compared Detroit
become human to a best of the worst game
I don't necessarily know that I want to
play a best of the worst game we have a
whole show for that already what movies
why would you want to subject us to that
for your entertainment
uh I my things have certainly changed
around here since you were last the
unstable rock has fallen into the
simmering lava below uh-oh save
you're right
may add at best y'all are gonna get a
first four hours of it and maybe we can
get some jokes out of that at best at
best and if rich and I aren't feeling
like it this is gonna be nothing because
our sanity is worth something got pride
I am completely not interested oh you
can just fall right off can't you oh hey
how's it going just the letter O I don't
know if I have the letter did you get
rid of well no the light cuz you use
letter to line up in the space yeah yeah
yeah but I did get a pole your brow
furrows and grim determination as you
prepare for a tremendous leap leap holy
the Romanian judge gives you a 9.5
a truly outstanding jump by one of the
finest young athletes we've seen this
season you'd like to try that again but
your poll seems to have fallen in the
tumultuous lava below you're killing it
jack
killing I get it I'm on it I'm on it
rich I got my get the flow Revenge of
the Sith ripped off Space Quest 3 I have
the high ground rich I know there's no
stopping me now don't stop me now oh
we're having such a good time come on
get up get up in your ship sit in
cockpit computer
and take off David II know people David
II know people yes hey Richard York or
you guys should play in justice - yes we
show us the perfect time because the new
fallout was announced did you guys ever
finish playing new vegas and what are
your thoughts on the Fallout series as a
whole PS is Jay dead yes absolutely
the the not a new Fallout wasn't
announced a new Fallout game was
announced that is not necessarily a
Fallout game spin-off it could be a
spin-off it could be hack it could be
another battle royale game for all we
know like we know nothing and the people
who are in charge of like PR for
Bethesda have been pretty clear about
like don't expect fallout 5 okay
don't expect an open-world RPG or you
will be disappointed
it could be fallout shelter 2 for all we
know I understand that for didn't go
over that well with the fallout fans is
that true I thought it was oh I mean I I
had heard that from the four went over
like gangbusters
oh well let's show you what I know hmm
and this is part one of those situations
because neither one of us answer the
other part of your question
neither richer I care about fallout the
series you'd never get into it I don't
I'm not like against it on principle or
something weird alright it's just
nothing on my radar and so we could both
be correct and incorrect my guess is a
lot of people really liked for and some
people didn't like for at all hey look
for was great for was asked for was fine
for sucked look it's all over the place
fallout 4 was amazing
fallout 4 was terrible done great Baird
tomes says hey newish fan here
I saw John Jack Ruina they might be
giant shirt on one of the best of the
worst
I think I've worn three or four at this
point and was wondering if he enjoyed
their newest album I like fun you guys
keep me from being bored at work
Thanks you're welcome did you like I am
fun it's fine I like fun it's fine it's
fine it's it's so tough when you know to
me like the first five they might be
giants albums are utter perfect
brilliance yeah everything after that
kind of isn't as good but it's still
alright I don't know I don't know I know
I've listened to it a couple times and I
haven't really gotten into it so that's
that and then do you have any thoughts
on the new Pokemon thing did you see
that no I heard about it from the chat
earlier they what they announced is
Pokemon let's go okay which is a
entirely different thing from Pokemon go
well it's it's a partner to Pokemon go
okay and so it's a new pokemon game that
you can use with your Pokemon go Pokemon
and so like you can go out in the real
world catch a Pokemon bring it into the
game and do stuff in Pokemon let's go
you know all the other information isn't
out there it's but it's not a standalone
Pokemon RPG okay it's not that and the
other thing that they just announced was
a Pokemon people are saying it's a
remake of pokemon yellow I don't know
what that means
well that's that's probably the one
that's coming out next year they have
announced a new standalone Pokemon RPG
you know a Pokemon game oh god I'll come
out in 2019 okay this is this I don't
know what this is I don't care I stopped
playing Pokemon go ages ago
what's the difference between yellow and
red
blue Pokemon Esmond pokemon yellow so
pokemon red and green or red and blue
were the first ones okay
then after the anime started after the
cartoon started they realized that
Pikachu was by far the most popular
character ever
so they made pokemon yellow in which you
started with a Pikachu that followed you
around instead of choosing one of the
base Pokemon Allah either the Bulbasaur
so it's exactly the same exactly the
same except for you got a Pikachu that
follows you around then they already
remake that pokemon yellow no yellow red
blue same thing
it sounds like yes it's essentially the
same thing it's all essentially the same
thing and they're remaking it again
apparently I don't um watch me not know
what's going on
let's go is inspired by yellow using
only 151 the original 151 Pokemon yeah
but let's go isn't a standalone RPV it's
a whole different thing like there's
there's not going to be a word on the
street is that there's not going to be
like random enemy encounters and Pokemon
let's go okay I don't know I don't know
it's a whole bunch of I don't know let's
go to pest you on
oh wait we shouldn't go light speed to
pestle on cuz that's just the moon dead
go for it mm-hmm I didn't save okay I
save now don't we let you escape f6 for
carpeted cockpit view Oh hit escape
you're still on that oh that's right
because here's what I'm thinking is I
should go at it attack speed because
there's probably people waiting for me
right look my love but says could really
see a Star Wars film fully from the
Empire's perspective they are building
infrastructure on planet to be deliver
water to the troops so to speak and
pesky rebels are sabotaging their
endeavours and your Dark Lord Greg knack
to save the day
you sure why not I wish Solo was awful
I wish Solo was awful
then I could just completely wash my
hands mm-hmm why wasn't solo the worst
movie I have ever seen mmm yeah sure why
not
oh we're already orbiting pestle on ok I
get it EDD Oquendo says hey Richard Jack
I turned 31 years old today great great
job you didn't I 431 all years what were
you guys up to in the year 1987 was it a
good year thanks for the streams 87 that
was like damn near peak 80s
Robocop man I was six I was six no I was
five I was 10 yeah I was I was five for
most of 87 as my birthday is in December
so I was too young to remember anything
or do anything that's what I got
that's the thing you know you and I are
very far apart age wise but it's those
kind of things where it's like late 80s
I'm too young to remember anything just
weird me and you that's like prime like
prime kid age for you and oh yeah
so so like that's that's where it's like
the big difference with us Putin because
Putin is not a word push a baton is a
word though all right what am i doing
I'm here to rescue people right yeah I
should Prize save you make your way
through the forest of strange trees to
the coloring where you discover the
entrance to some large underground
complex
this must be scum soft suddenly the door
to the complex begins to open four
guards several guards file out of the
entrance and dispersed into the woods
they must have been alerted to your
presence when you landed two guards
remain behind to watch the entrance okay
go back one fracas insky says jack talk
about the amazing music and Lord of the
Rings I think that elements like argh
argh a mama and our will um made me care
about them because of the otherworldly
music what did your kids think of the
Bilbo jump scare even as an adult I
can't watch that scene scene Deadpool -
I think it's a separate question it says
see Deadpool - but there's like no
period right like tell me about that
scene seem Deadpool - that scene in The
Hobbit scenes Deadpool - you know what
I'm talking about no I haven't seen
Deadpool to uh Richard Brothers I'm my
priorities are to see Deadpool - first
and then solo but I haven't seen either
my kids loved The Lord of the Rings
movies we watched all of all of the
extended editions now and they loved it
though like that final moment when when
Frodo is is going to Mount Doom and you
know like the tension is building and
the music the music is glorious my
youngest was finally starting to get
scared none of the orcs scared him the
Dragons that giant spider who cares
but like the tense music as as Frodo is
climbing a volcano that was too much for
him huh cuz like it is it's very intense
and you're not sure what's gonna happen
and like at that same time the armies of
Sauron are are surrounding what's left
of humanity ah it's so good uh
now and then we started watching all the
behind the scenes stuff and you start to
just realize why those movies are so
special they in it for the Lord of the
Rings they started building Hobbit town
or Hobbiton they started building
Hobbiton a year and a half before they
started filming so that the grass could
grow naturally so it would look like
it's been there forever and it's like
that kind of that kind of thought and
effort was put into these
movies and every every part of the
movies including the music which yes is
wonderful and perfect and they're just
fantastic films I I look forward to
rewatching them again I am going to okay
stay here
true blue review on the chances I saw a
guy walk out of Deadpool to with his
five-year-old why the was he
bringing his five-year-old that's the
question right why would you bring a
five-year-old to Deadpool one or two
that's dumb
that's bad parenting alright let's enter
scum soft can I save I can't you save
relatively nearby oh I hope so cuz that
was the wrong decision thanks for
playing space quest three as usual
you've been a real hoot oh
still up here that's bad parenting you
know like obviously different oh oh
no that far back no I just got a I
forgot he hit the wrong I forgot to say
to go to Phoebus instead of Lube you'll
honor and like different kids can take
different movies you know at different
ages and yeah obviously you know like
you I can take just about anything well
and you know you know your kids and so
like obviously but but like a
five-year-old and Deadpool just doesn't
seem especially in a theater setting
like you want to watch that at home with
your kid where you can pause it or they
can play with toys and stuff that's fine
but they don't bring that into a theater
where there's other people around
all right person and Chad if there was
somebody in the theater with you for
Deadpool - who had his phone out talking
on it on speaker that's when you get an
usher agreed absolutely that's what
they're there for talked and you know
what did talk to management and get a
free movie ticket like movie theater
employees are really good at taking care
of that stuff if that ruined your movie
going experience let someone know those
first kids and dealing with stuff like
my mother was a horror fan yeah kind of
grew up watching like Friday the 13th
right but I bet you watch that at home
well I shouldn't take you to the theater
no yeah like that's the thing like wait
till you get a you know wait till it
comes out on DVD or blu-ray or Netflix
and then then let your kid watch
Deadpool Wyatt why waste here why waste
your money going to a theater did I cry
No
I'd never got freaked out by violence I
love my violence I always have okay my
net area
I love my I love my violence oh
yeah yeah we're people that got
shot in the movie the better it was now
save 39 boom go here we are now this is
a little safe scummy but let's just see
what happens if we go another direction
oh and still get over here okay Jaden
says hey Jack now you seen the trailers
for pokemons let's go Pikachu let's go
Evie they were announced yesterday of
attendance which continued with the nice
stream guys I did probably already know
that's alright yeah I know I had to I'm
trying to think of any like the
direction you know I'm a fan of the old
Pokemon games you know especially the
Gameboy Advance
Pokemon games those were some of my
favorite favorite Pokemon games is like
Pokemon emerald that era but I have
noticed s-- or at least I feel as a fan
my I have a declining interests as they
make newer and newer ones as I feel like
they're less about the actual adventure
and more about the end game and more
coddling to lesson you know to children
their coddling to children which is fine
because their children's games but I'm
less interested in them so even even
this new full-fledge well if the older
ones were children games and still work
for children but didn't coddle the
children I don't know and that better my
I can only assume that they didn't sell
as well
Pokemon very pokemons heyday there there
you you're suggesting that didn't sell
as well what no I'm suggesting that the
newer ones are selling more okay I'm
saying that Pokemon ain't no duh
Nintendo ain't no dummies with them
making machine they're pretty weird
sometimes yeah that is true so I can
only assume that the new ones sell good
enough to justify their existence that's
what I can assume but ok let's return to
ship see what happens maybe if we go
this way what's over here hair cap says
did you get the boxes of tapes from
Alaska I hope there were a couple tapes
you don't you didn't have I'll be
deploying soon and I'm only going to
take one handheld what are a couple of
your go-to handheld games we get so many
tapes every day I am almost sure we've
we've gotten your Alaska tapes if you
were the guy who had like six different
boxes of tapes you sent to us
I got that as far as handheld games I'm
not much of a handheld gamer myself I'm
gonna say Tetris
what's going on what did you do what
what is going on I turned on my
invisibility belt does that was a smart
thing because that was a smart thing to
do but now I'm stuck here and I don't
know how oh here we go
enter scum soft that's what I was
waiting for for that queue by idiots
what's happening it looks like your
you've made it just in time as your
invisibility belt is now completely out
of power save alright what's the
weirdest piece of fan mail we've gotten
so far
chocolate anuses pure milk chocolate in
the shape of anuses you're within the
outer fortifications of the scum soft
headquarters you see an elevator door
and a button on the wall push did we eat
them III have self-respect shockingly G
shots make a little noise when you hit
the wall kid that's adorable I just
wanted some chocolate
Chad Jack's only gonna save when he
wants to save alright right now I'm
worrying about like I have to apparently
have to completely relearn how to walk
what ready to wear the door go it's
behind you you were past it
stop it can you slow the game down will
that help hammer the door has a keypad
security system as well as a composite
facial scanner will be pretty tricky
gaining access okay there's another door
g-shot says hijack rich I saw the rlm
solo review and I'm with you rich I'm
surprised how much I enjoyed it and had
some dumb stuff but I was never bored
thanks for the streams alright yeah
obviously as you know I agree that's the
carrot a we have an intruder in
accounting can I can I do anything now
okay
does that kill me it looks like it
didn't Nick Nevinger says rich should
there be a Star Wars movie that doesn't
have any of the known Star Wars
characters in it and also takes place in
a different universe and also isn't a
Star Wars movie but instead a new
unrelated film that isn't the same tired
IP yes yes absolutely
how much of a role did the lobsterman
have he was in the background like a
cantina alien lobsterman
what hmm aw no Rosie says been watching
for a long time and decided to use Prime
to sub wanted to ask Jack what's your
favorite stout and what's your favorite
lighter beer I myself don't like wasting
calories on beers that are less than
seven percent alcohol that's the thing
that's the thing you noticed there
there's a lot of really good stout
left hand brewery makes a really great
nitro milk stout that's incredibly
smooth like any any of the stouts like
if you go nitro stout it almost it
almost tastes like a like a light beer
but it's really dark and rich and then
fruity so left hand brewery nitro milk
stout that was a great I already used my
invisibility belt yak mousse ran out of
the bat it ran out of batteries I use
that to get in hypothetically can you
add batteries what happens if you look
at the bulb the terminators are not
implying you can charge there is now
completely out of power
well it just this is out of power but I
don't necessarily know how to give it
power let's say let's go to that other
door as far as other beers yeah I don't
know usually I stick to IPAs but I mean
really in general I haven't been
drinking much at all so I love that
noise
Pro Austen ceases sorry if you've been
discussing this haul stream just showed
up I'm so still so stunned that rich
loves solo yeah I am honestly not
shaking my head that much in a theater
since x-men origins Wolverine hope you
guys are enjoying Space Quest I've
always always loved the Space Quest and
we're not gonna be having any talk about
solo today today Jack hasn't seen it I
haven't seen him I haven't seen it nice
if you want to know what I thought I
mean you just watch the half of the bag
it's something right so just that easy
hey rich and Jack just wondering what
you're hoping to see specifically from
Nintendo at e3 Games also - Jack you
gave me one of my new favorite best of
the worst quotes in a recent episode you
know wake up dickheads it's time for
false Oh Faust what a great episode
I do like just wake up dickheads and
then whatever thing you have that's very
yeah no but that's very like you know
get in loser we're doing this yeah I
just like that as a as a general joke
well yeah I wake up dickheads that was
funny just-just-just you waiting
just you wait y'all okay I think I know
what to do I think there's something
that I overlooked
you checked out any of the doors on the
other side you asshole you
slowed down the the game it might make
that easier there
what no look it moves
it moves it forward when you start
walking that way um but I figured it out
all right oh look around you probably in
a closet oh this is a closet I thought
this was the exit no you missed doors on
the left when you're walking around
there might be more than one even take
stuff it's just the janitors cousin
there's nothing in here like look at
closet okay oh hey there we go rummaging
around in the cramp cramps closet you
find a pair of old correct grimy
janitorial coveralls boom put but doing
it jack cover all you're doing it what a
great idea
rudder no one would be suspicious of a
janitor walking around you grab the
coveralls and pull them on seizing the
opportune moment to dump all the old
items you've been pocketing along the
way what what a great disguise wait
what's this you reach down into the
pocket of the grimy overalls and find
well what do you know mr. garbage a
trash vaporizer you've seen these babies
in all the janitorial supply catalogues
but your superiors were always too cheap
to outfit you with one nice fuggin nice
Kevin Feige offered you guys a Marvel
movie what would you do rich rich would
probably want to do spider-man no the
spider where they have is already
great I could only it up
right I'd leave it alone yeah like
number one hey guys keep making
spider-man's you're doing a great job
any Marvel movie yep
uh I'd make a longshot movie long shot
long shot I don't know who that is long
shot
is a weirdo late 80s Early 90s mutant he
was on Mojo's planet okay and he has the
power of luck Oh long show that makes
sense he has he has the power sounds
like such a sniper power yeah well cuz
luck kill shot uh and I think I think
you could do some really fun things but
he team up with shamrock he he would
team up with who's the lady in Dead
Domino okay okay he's the lady in
Deadpool too who also has the power to
manipulate odds who was created after
long shot dub or dominoes like I think I
think just a movie where the person has
the the power to change the the
probability that something will happen
will I bet domino in Deadpool too has
some really great action sequences why
would you become any kind of hero or why
would you need to be good why would you
need to become a villain if you're that
power oh no you wouldn't
yeah no you just gamble and win yeah all
the time Yeah right right but I I think
you could you could make a really fun
movie out of that it's basically any
action movie except for the heroes of
mutant and then you put some c-list
mutant villain there it's great right
huh after that you know what I'd make
next husk okay husk is it's another
mutant and she had a she was part of the
astonishing x-men I want a generation X
maybe generation X yeah I think that
could be you know what a generation X
movement would be fun because they had
some weird-looking characters yeah the
guy with a little head I'm familiar with
it I never really read it so so so husk
is a mutant who has the ability to
change what skin grows underneath her
current skin in two different forms and
it always has she always had the neatest
visuals
comic books where she would like grow
rocks underneath her skin so she'd be as
strong as the thing and then she'd have
to rip her skin off and I think that's
so that's such a neat visual
right just creepy man it is creepy and
then like she wanted to grow regular
skin back she'd have to like chunk the
rocks off of her I think that's super
neat so I would make something very
visually interesting I try to at least
what about a millennial movie what like
somebody who fights crime with like
Instagram posts Oh
like comment subscribe shout out to your
boy rich Evans anyway that's what I
would do all right so let's now let's go
in here cuz now oh is I didn't save
I think I'm fine yep
I'm fine now I'm gonna say have woopsy
doobs there
right you are in the cost-efficient
corporate accounting department of scum
soft incorporated these hard-working
accountants are trying to figure out
where the company spends its money doc
talk to man man everyone here looks
related it's like a secret society of
nerds Oh what how hung around too long
it could be you're not cleaning you see
all those waste paper baskets maybe I
just saved so it's not you know BRE you
didn't vaporizes trash do you have
something that vaporizes thing I do okay
you have demonstrated a surprising lack
of janitorial skill perhaps this would
be an opportune time to brush up on your
technique with Space Quest 1 & 2 okay
hey Jigglypuff's is rich did you ever
have to drive our beloved drunkards home
after an episode of best of the worst
or did you leave them to spend the night
in the warehouse thanks for the stream
guys everyone's usually pretty sober by
the time we're done
go home or sober enough sober enough hey
you got Ober no one's died yet you know
what it over is pretty much remember f3
oh right thank you
if I thought somebody was completely
trashed
I would I would make them give me their
keys and drive them all it's not it's
not happened
nope
excuse me nerd
excuse me nerd just a janitor this
actually neat just yeah you got to be a
janitor for a little bit it's fun each
segment dev Dean Oh P oh poor sorry
spell now this time says what do you
guys think of the Jedi before the
prequels when they were just Knights
instead of the emotionless monks did you
ever pay attention to Luke and Return of
the Jedi when Luke said his most Jedi II
and like all of his personality seems to
be gone the Jedi have always been boring
assholes that's kind of that's not just
a frequent thing yeah in fact I was
worried about that before the prequels
had even come out mmm like Luke was it
was kind of a weirdo Return of the Jedi
unless the entire three movies about
these idiots like before they came out
we're like if the the fun the fun part
about Return of the Jedi the the point
in with the point at which Luke becomes
a true Jedi is I think a point of
confusion for a lot of people it's when
he refuses to fight you know that end
scene with him and Vader and he says I
will not fight you Father that is when
he becomes a Jedi Master
yeah he's because that's the code of the
Jedi to be to be neutral to be monks am
I wrong and they're thinking June
thinking Luke is pretty flat in Return
of the Jedi like no father you will come
to the light side well he's doing he's
doing the monk thing yeah yeah he's
doing Amun thing yeah so it's not that's
not a prequel invention right oh
oh I get what you're saying yes that is
not a prequel invention that is that is
how that's how Lucas envisioned the
world of the of the Jedi
also will the next nerd crew shoot of
real Deniz probably not you actually put
a pork pancake in your mouth rich
probably not there's a pancake does it
have to be a pork pancake I'm saying
it's just a pancake there's not a lot of
harm that can come to them just a
pancake but that's really you know
that's here to say I'm not saying you
have to rate I'm just saying like it's
just a pancake craig nation says hey
guys I enjoyed review for god of war
starring biscuit I finally gotten around
to playing it myself and loved him
my favorite is how Kratos opens chest by
smashing the lid and pulling out the
treasure yes I chuckle almost every time
yeah you know what I agree that that's
so kratos catholic says typical kratos
thanks for continuing to play space
quest 3 I was wondering if Jack was
going to stream the new Pokemon quest
game on the switch came out today and
it's free you what's wrong
you missed the trash can I missed one
trash can and so a knave Jack I save
listen I I assumed rich that it was a
timed thing like every trash can ok
earned you 30 seconds oh no it's if you
pass a trash can then you fail no I'm
not interested in the Pokemon RPG that
came out because it's it's free to start
is what it says ok so it's it's a free
to start pokemon RPG and I can only
assume it's a large money at some point
or it'll be a pay to win or another
million bits of fernette
breakfast hey guys happy Wednesday what
do you think Burt Reynolds best film
and/or what is best character he ever
played
Boogie Nights I need to see Boogie
Nights you scream my instinct is to say
the Bandit from Smokey and the Bandit
that boogie knows you just said
cannonball runs pretty good too oh yeah
I'm not like a huge Burt Reynolds nut so
it's hard for me to say for sure but
he's really great in Boogie Nights and
just just the idea of a character who's
like who's you know a hardcore smut
peddler who also just wants to make good
films like good smutty films good porno
films rich but you know good films so so
he gets my vote look my love but Smith
says I'm not usually one for love but I
can see that when a studio truly
approaches a movie from a place for
great appreciation for both the source
material as well as the audience that
they are likely to be somewhat
successful Lord of the Rings and
Deadpool okay well and you know right
like Deadpool one was a passion project
Lord of the Rings passion project even
the current Marvel Cinematic Universe
it's it's a passion project from a
producer Oriole point of view yeah but
Kevin Feige
is super passionate about his Marvel
movies and it shows in every single one
of them just saying is if you love what
you're doing you're gonna put more
effort you're going into it you're gonna
care about the little details that make
it special yes yes that's what I'm
saying even even if it's coming from
someone like Disney they're gonna care a
little bit more Jack should you save
I'm gonna save right now when I say
right now yeah cuz yes yes I should save
get out of your arrow all right you're
talking so much about Star Wars and
Sunday I thought you hated the solo I
like solo that doesn't mean I now love
Star Wars
it's given me it's given Star Wars
earlier today - yeah come on oh I have a
slave drivers I'm sure they're designed
to look exactly like bosses at Sierra
right you are in the boss's cubicle area
and the boss is in B Reverend I always
do that my right hand apparently is
slightly faster than my left hand you
stand on a platform overlooking the scum
soft vehicle Bay in the center of the
hangar sits your ship surrounded by rows
of short-range skull fighters now how
will you ever get out of here Who am I
here to rescue the programmers yes oh
the boss is out
oh I can't close the door yet moo says
gents how was your retirement plan
progressing poorly I know rich says he
won't live that long
see missing out on that sweet sweet Earl
him money 401k well I'm well ahead for
my age group hope this tip helps you get
comfortable they go
rich probably didn't want to watch any
Star Wars after the Phantom Menace
pretty much saving
I think you were still probably I'm
still probably recoverable after the
Phantom Menace not that particular story
because I knew those characters were
garbage but if they just scrapped all of
that and did something else entirely
maybe like if they took a hard turn for
Attack of the Clones like maybe if you
don't even continue that story like
Attack of the Clones
cuz you already the bed with with
your protagonist yeah I need to like my
protagonists the prequel is completely
lacking any likeable characters
whatsoever except for Palpatine
ah
not where I want to be oh I know I
know yeah I know I got this rich okay
there you go it was it was attack of the
clones in in combination with the
expanded universe that that killed Star
Wars for me or more accurately just made
me realize I'm not really a Star Wars
fan I've told this story before I was
reading one of the one of the EU books
The Courtship and Princess Leia I've
talked about the story before and like
oh that sounds great
I like Han I like lamb I'm flying around
in the Falcon that sounds like a fun
adventure yeah and then they crash land
that I'm planet full of Jedi witches and
the Luke comes by it it's Jedi and I
have to figure out about the force and I
was like what the
and III went to one of the Star Wars
forums and I'm like what the is
this
likewise why is everything always have
to be forced forced forced every single
response we talked about what Star Wars
not the fourth what's the point force
first first first force lightsaber force
and it was just like oh oh I'm not a
Star Wars fan that's why these people
like it sack of the clones I'm just not
a Star Wars fan all right all right I
need that face to see that painting rich
see that painting yeah that's the boss's
face because the door has a keycard and
a face scanner gotta figure it out you
see I'm on it except for apparently I
missed a garbage can somewhere where am
I
Tiberius Kirk if okay if if the fans all
like forst forst forst forst light saber
force and all of the books and all of
the movies are just about force force
force light sabers force then that's
what Star Wars just is it wasn't for me
mm-hmm
you ink my picture of Elmo now what
how'd you know what happened I took the
picture of Elmo oh I see I see what I'm
supposed to do I get it you get it I get
it
don't worry I get it do you know the
game you talk about what's going on I
will do it here so I need a picture of
the boss yes because the door - I need
to get through needs a keycard and a
picture the boss and I just got the key
card on the boss's desk but I it's a it
said it had a face scanner right right
right down there is a picture of the
boss's face correct so I need that
picture or so I did I just took the
picture and wanted ask it at all but
then a guy came in notice the pictures
gone called security on me but uh-huh
directly to the left of that picture is
what appears to be a photocopy machine
yet you are doing great I feel like I
got the flow on this year you are doing
great I feel I feel like I'm doing right
thanks for saying so so I'm gonna take
this picture
there's a sign of his oh it's is not
currently under Vera but I tried to use
copy machine and said get real put
picture I think there would be a way to
make the force and Jedi appealing to me
no trolling just curious
you'd have to the Jedi no you have to
just completely rewrite them and what
they're about and how boring they are
you need to just throw it all on the
garbage can and start over there
as far as lightsabers and magic powers
like I don't know it was fun in the
video games like I like the original
trilogy there's probably you know not
not too much of it in the earlier films
like what's going on it's not letting me
put the picture in the copy machine use
get real put their way maybe use picture
in copy machine and then I tried just
putting my face on the copy machine
typically it works the force just
doesn't do enough no it does too much
man a game that had somebody
using the force to destroy a Star
Destroyer
yeah the for the force is a little what
do you what do you call it when just
magic can fix everything
deus ex machina right it's like what do
i need to get out of the situation force
can do it now I got lightning and I can
use my mind and telepathy and I can jump
real far and so I just write copy
picture is that it oh come on yeah ciara
first making sure that no one is
watching you slip elmo's picture into
the copier and press the start button
space leia
is
dumber than anything else that has been
done with the force it is absolutely no
Dumber Sega
Spacely oh yeah from the last gen I want
you yeah yeah it's no dumber than other
things they've done with the force cut
no yeah I I think I do think like like
pulling and pushing things to the force
that seems to be the bread and butter
right of the force right that's not
telepathy that's uh telekinesis
telekinesis all right I I will I do
admit fully that the visual of her
floating is a little silly looking but
the act of doing it is perfectly
acceptable
it's space like vacuum
so the force doesn't work in a vacuum if
anything that would mean it would be
easier for her to force push or pull
herself because there's no resistance
through the atmosphere ha ha
checkmate science nerd she was pulling
herself towards the large mass that was
the ship
you see it's stupid because she isn't a
Jedi you mean Luke Skywalker's twin
sister think of it think about it for a
second who has always shown that she's
had some sort of connection to Luke in
the force even through feelings in the
other movies like the original trilogy
this is what you're going with
is she's it's true she might not be a
Jedi but maybe she has some sort of you
know force like power like like thirty
years you don't think Luke showed her a
trick or two I mean for a while Luke had
a school where her son who has Forrest
powers remember kylo has the forest
powers too and we know you don't need
training to use this are you a big
dummy whoever said that cuz I'm thinking
you might be a big
me look at a weekend with Yoda and he
was a master master you are yeah yeah
let me write down your back again yes I
like that and NCAA sharks fear I do
agree the visual that visual of her like
Peter panning it looks a little silly
but absolutely she's able to do it you
know what you know what no let's save I
did all the things
let's save the defending glass Jen I
burned the heathens
I like the last red iron and I don't I'm
just defending this one thing right and
by the way it's okay if you don't like
it but so like the problem is like if
you don't like a movie that's fine if
you if you like so it didn't work for
you this well but like you're nitpicking
the wrong things I think I just I just
don't go to how this silly Jedi thing is
okay yeah
and this silly Jedi thing is blasphemy I
don't I don't see the difference between
the Leia space pull yeah and and obi-wan
and qui-gon moving in SuperSpeed
remember that how could you forget or
Anakin and obi-wan flipping around on
lava platforms right that's dumber
that's far dumber to me but whatevs
Oh Ingo bingo I'm in it's like this Leia
was frozen in space like okay it's not
like you died instantly if you're in
space yeah right
I mean you gotta work you got to move
quick you don't have a lot of times you
have a lot of time right but you don't
instantly freeze also let's just pause
for a moment and think to ourselves for
something what what you're doing is
you're you're asking if you're saying
well lays it Leia would have froze and
died out in outer space so what you're
saying is I want scientific accuracy in
your space wizard movie so it's just
like think about what you're asking here
like that's not it like if it were Trek
absolutely I would expect you to follow
basic laws of physics and reality as we
know them because Trek is hard science
fiction but this is wars man you gotta
you've got to be a little loose with the
with the rules
you cautiously enter a darkened chamber
a seemingly bottomless shaft drops off
into a black abyss on a platform in the
center of the chamber the two guys from
Andromeda wiggle helplessly in lime
jell-o the platform can only be reached
by four retract retract abridges at each
entrance
ah that's interesting so obviously I
just saved so I'm gonna try to yeah okay
Admiral holder was as bad as any prequel
character okay she's a terrible
character but I really wonder how people
would react to that character if you you
get rid of the dress and the hair and
you just put her in like a generals
outfit you gave her the kind of thing
that Leia was wearing an empire and two
people lose their over that
character as much as they do now hmm
the dress was weird it was the cocktail
dress yeah weird choice and the hair
that space yeah but she's not an alien I
guess technically she is but right no
one else the Star Wars naturally has
purple hair like that yeah you know what
even even just replace the cocktail
dress okay and maybe you got something
like maybe you know give her a generals
uniform whatever yeah then maybe but
like yeah the dress is the dress is
weird the dress is definitely weird
maybe I and you know to me like it's
hard because I completely see the logic
of why she's there halt the the the only
reason hold Oh is there is because
Carrie Fisher is it was you know sickly
and elderly at the time and they needed
someone to deliver lines that Princess
Leia or general Leia would deliver but
it can't be Carrie Fisher because she's
old yeah and or possibly dead if they
were still making it right yeah yeah
maybe
well they shot a lot but she's she's not
she doesn't have it in her anymore
to be that actor so they needed the
character and so like to me it's hard to
even criticize hold oh as a character
because that's just so obviously Leia
you know I'm not fond of the character I
don't know why you spend that much time
on a character who's not going to be
around for the rest of the trilogy
because it was supposed to be laying
yeah but the the costume choice was
bizarre and I can 100% be with you why
like your foot you're fighting in a
rebelled you just come from a cocktail
party and if you did why haven't you
changed don't you think she should
change her outfit but probably well now
we got a problem
what's wrong now I'm not quite sure
where to go or what to do what's what
happened don't talk to me okay so I went
I went into the door with the key card
in the FaceCam yeah and you got in I got
in and there's two guys frozen in the
jello stuff there okay
and there's three entrances to get there
and none of the but none of the bridges
work and I don't think I can open there
close the bridges can you free the guys
no I have I have I only have my trash
zapper which only works on trash very
close to me you tried using it no I
didn't try using it because I assumed it
wouldn't work I do now I don't remember
the solution that would that would be
what I would try and save it that way
you're not out anything oh yeah I've a
save right there oh come on look at that
this may be the stream with the most bad
takes ever
I don't what do you mean bad takes I
don't they still don't like it that I
liked the last Jedi I legitimately like
opinion you don't like I'm I'm happy to
talk about anything that isn't Star Wars
people keep asking me about it you keep
asking me bottom so it comes up yeah
what are you gonna do future pres de are
be says hey Jack and rich hi future
present a thanks for the recommendation
on the Yahtzee box
I loved all of them oh yeah man that
um his two most recent ones above and
are just above and beyond good they're
good science fiction comedies this
differently morphus and will save the
galaxy for food I remember things I
remember things all the time I just
remember two things are really fantastic
books and I had it like if you're a fan
of sci-fi comedy okay so you need a
bridge to even get to them yeah right so
my bridge doesn't work those bridges are
closed and I can't think of any logical
way to get even to those dolls is gone
the pole is gone all of my old equipment
is gone unless I go back into the closet
and change back but what I'm thinking is
now that I'm in a janitor outfit maybe I
can go outside and snoop around outside
so the rest of your inventory is in your
normal outfit you have to change outfits
yeah maybe I don't know I'm saved right
here though why are the bridge is broken
well they're just they're retracted and
so ice it was a control panel on the
other door control panel next to the
door I did not see your control panel
and it did not mention a control panel
hmm you'd think there'd be one next to
you you would think there and so I'd go
in there and say look a door or look at
bridge or look at panel just to see I am
now sitting on a free credit inaudible I
was wondering if you have any other
recommendations for books
thanks love you guys I haven't been
reading too much lately the last good
one I read was we are legion we are Bob
which is unaudible
yeah yeah so if you're into the sci-fi
comedy I just got done I don't know what
kind of books you're into but I just got
done listening to the color of law a
history of racial segregation in the
housing
the implemented by the federal
government if you'd like a heavy listen
and now I'm moving on to something far
far lighter because that one was heavy
but it was very interesting if you're if
you're interested in that kind of thing
now I just got a book it's it's for my
kids like it's it's a kids book called
fizz beat rez top and the Black Mountain
yeah thirst beat treads top and the
Black Mountain and it's like a little
you know Dungeons & Dragons like
adventure of this little this little
like a this little person who runs
around the mountain collecting stuff
called Thursby tres top and it's
adorable okay okay so let's look around
it's adorable so far around you
cautiously under a darkened chamber a
seemingly bottomless shaft drops off
into a black abyss on a platform in the
center of the chamber are the two guys
from and Drummond and drama dia and Rami
da wiggle helplessly in lime jell-o the
platform can only be reached by the four
retractable bridges at each entrance the
only visible means of access to the
detention platform is by means of
retract offical retractable bridges
super me look at panel an array of
control buttons joins each door why
didn't you say something about that in
the look around Jesus Christ
alright but it's like you know we're
just try to mermaid push button
that is clear lettuce that is
and I like this game but that is
that was absolute
right you're supposed to infer from the
other doors look bro Austin ceases how
many DVDs or blu-rays do each of you own
do you have a fancy library full of them
or just random handful of discs I've
plenty of DVDs I never I never started
the blu-rays yeah I was like that we're
going straight the digital after that my
waist my waist my time REE buying
everything on a format that is already
on its way to being obsolete yeah yeah I
have I have a small handful of DVDs that
are like stuff that's very important to
me that I have everything else I've
purged and yeah digital everything all
digital everything I have a very small
collection of blu-rays and DVDs
you know stuff that I know that I won't
want to get rid of until I get like the
blu-ray version of like the clerks 10th
anniversary special clerks ex yeah the
giant history of clerks and and that I
it's probably out on blu-ray but I also
have it on DVD so I don't care like the
Lord of the Rings DVDs I have a few
television series Sports Night the
complete collection that I don't know is
on blu-ray
there's there's a movie I absolutely
love and I want to own a physical copy
of it no I mean I have a blu-ray player
and I know maybe I'll pick up a blu-ray
if I find it cheap but I'm just as fine
getting it on DVD honestly it's most of
the times it looks just as yes yeah I
hate you know it's kind of true I mean
this you know every now and then there's
some like fury road yeah I need a I need
a hard copy if here we road yeah oh yeah
yeah well and it's like oh what maybe
the blu-ray has bonuses or something
yeah sure
yeah you look around you get you get
whatever works I don't I don't
anywhere near as many as I have of DVDs
and I'm not about to like go on it spent
a ton of money replacing the I have
on DVD with the blu-ray release right
unless it's really important like I have
a I have like two or three seasons of
Batman the Animated Series on DVD but I
know that blu-ray is coming out like the
complete collection I'm upgrading to
that right away see I've got I've got
them all on the DVDs I'm gonna spend
hundreds of dollars just upgrade to the
blu-ray I'm not gonna do it am i doing
that's fine oh yeah okay I successfully
free the two guys from their slimy
confines and they begin to speak thanks
dude
it'd be great to get out of that it's
great to get out of that green stuff hey
what's your name Roger Wilco you admit
you admit that's a great way to put it
they they discovered our distressed
message we coded into the Astro chicken
game and sent us here as punishment
let's get out of here before we're
discovered oh oh oh so
what's your plan for getting us out of
here welcome oh oh Christ
Oh anyone do is one nobody's going
anywhere you must have thought you were
pretty clever mr. Welk Oh disguising
yourself as a janitor I did actually
unfortunately for you my boys found your
sorry excuse for a ship in the woods
escort this gentleman to the arena you
boys haven't seen a good fight in quite
a while do away with those two in
Drummonds they've been more trouble than
they're worth
take that away oh no no run punch
fight kick away the nuts ah you and the
two guys are separated and escorted away
a door opens and you are led into a dark
unknown what take that battle tech robot
fights you're probably wanna see if I
can
okay well : aim of the game is Nukem do
come robots the only rule is that there
are no rules sorry not now okay great
use arrow keys to control your robot use
the J key to punch use the M key to
block press any key to start you have a
limited power supply successful blow
will absorb my robots energy and vice
versa on the other hand a wasted
movement of any kind will rapidly
deplete your robots power sounds like
fun huh save saving
Blanca's M I'm trying am NOT k
wasted movements Jack don't block for
nothing every time you hit blog your
energies Goes Down Goes Down
oh listen this is me figuring it out oh
my god that's me figuring oh my god that
that was literally the worst I have ever
seen anybody do at the robot punching
minigame in Space Quest 3 literally the
worst yay yeah that's my mad punching
stress from zero to cheese and 27 I
figured out the cheese man what are you
gonna do get them you fools peace out
bitches oh so I'm just saving two people
like it's not like I'm saving all the
program nope
all right that's fine oh there we go
well Roger you done good you managed to
rescue the two guys and escape from
death duel on alive pest Yulan alive
looks like this'll be a milk run from
here on out
Siraj we really appreciate you saving us
at all okay yeah we were really scared
we didn't know what pug was gonna do to
us man hey we don't think we'd better
get out don't you think we have area
here pugs really sore and he pries sent
some ships oh sorry I didn't know I
could do anything warning shots
short-range fighters approaching from
rear weapons lock on detected oh oh
he didn't save oh no I did god damn
your games taking a forced wife's to us
rich I was in South Chicago so how do
you like the game so far worth fifty
nine ninety five at the time maybe by
today's standards well oh
have you died yeah screw speed for
no we're literally just wait how do I do
that
how do I do the shield's having the
correct shield up oh yeah there was a
way to do shields yeah and I forget how
weapons systems here we go be oh
he'd be ok
Wow target in rear in front target in
front left F how do you know where he
was what says on the bottom left okay
you you watch out that for me
it's okay I got my shields up okay
rear rear front
oh oh you dingus
ah okay this is action-packed I know I
know
we're is just like the targeting system
and the Falken front come down here you
dink back up caca okay I got right
we're okay why can't I hit this thing
haha you this is harder than it
looks
you x-wing fraud I got
damnit
hit him with the already
because the the targeting oh oh oh
I died so the targeting computer only
works on up-down left-right scale so
there's no like diagonal movement so you
have to go up and then it over it's it's
harder than it looks is what I will say
alright executive force crisis rich I
was in South Chicago last weekend to see
Slayers final tour I bet if doom guy had
a favorite song it'd be hell awaits also
got to try a real hero from what a 35
year old places near my hotel much
better than what I get in my town love
you guys oh yeah Chicago Chicago heroes
are the bomb ah oh
where do you go ah Jack alt-tab you
might not have seen that Jack all tabbed
out of the game accidentally
I hope that
this is Joe Flacco elate says hey guys
is there any particular reason you've
never streamed fortnight and doesn't
even seem to come up in the chat that
much which strikes me as odd considering
it's like the most popular video game
ever I also just think it would be make
a fun stream weekly we did the pub G
thing for a while yeah and you know for
tonight's not the worst ignore leave the
target Jen leave the target god damn it
oh I took them
what the dumb boater timestream once
what was just too big and we couldn't
download it in time was that the issue
yeah yeah yeah and you know it's fine
it's a perfectly acceptable game I there
are some aspects of it that I like
better just out of curiosity so can you
use the mouse i worth checking oh well
now you've killed me now you kill me i'm
guessing you can't someone in the chat
suggested trying it walk on is there a
lock on option oh my god that would be
great wasn't fast enough
I gotta be faster
controls in age when the enemy ships
comes from behind you will automatically
begin tracking using the directions key
nor mouse to move the target crosshairs
onto the target
there you go I think that hit the space
right fire ok mouse
oh no the mouse just the mouse just
moves it worse almost yeah it doesn't
follow the mouse that solves your
diagonal problem yeah kind of copy Greg
says even though Expanded Universe
material is now no longer canon there is
nothing stopping disney from unic using
it think Disney will do the Galactic
invasion by throwing four switches and
full-on magic solo shows they will
dredge up anything ok I read the thing
I've done them done talking about Star
Wars gosh darn it
Spacely sprocket says question about
cannon I take for granted that every
Marvel movie is part of the Canon but
when I watch Star Wars determinate her I
just pretend the shitty movies never
happen should we as an audience ignore
the creator's to enjoy the works they
make if if you enjoy it more that way
than yes I've done it before with media
I've broken it what's wrong I broke it
you broke it nothing's happening did I
win did you blow up a ship Oh No
use a navigation system so you can just
get the out of there
non-functional yeah
cruising speed does that do anything oh
they're back they're back yeah that
was weird
they came back Pro Austen ceases
Rosemary's Baby The Exorcist Kari have
you seen these classics and if so what
are your thoughts on ranking them also
do you guys find J's love of weirdo
movies like John water stuff and
Eraserhead cute annoying or somewhere in
between I don't find anything J's
allowed to like the kind of movies he
likes that's it's what he's into and I
don't have much thought on it one way or
the other I've never seen Rosemary's
Baby and it's been so long since I've
seen Carrie I'd have a hard time ranking
it so I guess it's the Exorcist by
default hunchback jack says rich hey
rich and Jack or Jack and Rich actually
they say I got it backwards
Jack I'm very impressed with your
puzzling skills I never would have
noticed the photocopier well done and
this is the first time I'm tipping with
streamed labs and it feels great thank
you
red galaxy says I don't know how much
you guys care for anime films but I
think some of them can be Jack I think
some of them can just be good movies in
general and transcend the medium such as
a Kiro and ghost in the shell do you
agree agree keep up the good stuff yeah
like I said say I agree with that I
never cared that much for a Kiro just
like everyone in akhira is unlikable
kate is a dick got me to turn nope okay
oh I locked on it locked on how did I do
that say attack speed if you're not
going that fast
I did I did move to attack speed this
time so maybe I was able to lock on
because I'm at attack speed now
oh you aim to walk on it locked on I
don't know how I locked on oh there oh
yeah this is much easier you just line
it up yeah you just line it up and it
just it does it all by itself no wonder
I wasn't able to hit it
I think Jetts Jack's getting in everyone
uh a little weak this thing she's dying
me well does it plugged into power that
goes there guys oh we're not connected
last weird
I'll say this about a key rila the
animation is impressive how's that I
said a nice thing about an anime there
you go so the anime is really the
animation is really impressive hmm
that's true my brother loves the
out of Akira it's fine movie if I move
it fine flick the remaining enemy ships
have given up and are heading back to
the planet it looks like you were just
too much for him that's right me a no me
an you really showed those bozos dinger
- now can we get some meat I know just
the place
you informed the two guys that
Lightspeed is no longer functional
they're not overly pleased by that piece
of news what now I'll never get any food
some rescuer you are what version of the
keywords did I see it was almost
certainly the original dub whatever that
is
Lightspeed me I saw a kira when it was a
new thing when it was a new thing yeah
let's go grab a burger oh okay great too
late you realize that you have no core
slate in the light engines kick in
before you can override you inform the
two guys that light speed is now
functional but it's out of control
they're not overly pleased with this bit
of news either ah we're gonna die
oh no why did I get up this morning
Jack yeah I hope you like anti-climb
axis careening blindly through space
your ship speeds towards a size of a
black hole once within the gravitation
of the black hole there's no escape you
plunge into destiny okay oh there you go
the overwhelming force of the black hole
draws your ship in helplessly you do
anything you and your passengers strap
in and hope for the best you enter a
blackness like no other you have ever
experienced all sense of time and speed
are lost suddenly a bright light becomes
visible in the distance it grows larger
as your ship races towards it finally
you are hurled out of the blackness into
a parallel universe
you cut the engines to sublight speed as
you near a seemingly habitable planet
it's so meta
it's so man up it's cute it's
cute
greetings earthling we are two guys from
Andromeda universally famous software
authors and I'm Roger Wilco space-age
swashbuckler and all-around nice guy
hello I'm Ken Williams president and
founder of Sierra online Bob so you two
guys are software authors hey what are
your credits you ever heard of a screw
chicken no good oh yeah how about you
two guys coming to work for me
I guess no just might yeah but you seem
like nice chaps
sounds good how many bukka's dudes does
it pay what say uh
mr. Williams do you need a janitor no as
our space saga comes to a close Roger
feeling a little left out struts off to
his ship with the satisfaction of
knowing his mission has been
accomplished the two guys from Andromeda
go on to create the Space Quest series
of adventure games reaping fame and
fortune they grow fat on their success
and soon become burnt out I assume that
was a joke about game development being
hard and so we did our hero a fond
farewell as his ship once again bursts
into Lightspeed course unknown by the
way 728 out of 730 not bad Jack it's not
a bad little little bad little quest
there the difference might have been
whatever the alternate kill is on the
Terminator well yeah that might have
been the difference however I did that
kill pretty pretty nice space quest that
was I felt pretty good about that I do
feel like just kind of ends yeah yeah
well you know you get there you get the
ship battle like that is pretty exciting
I guess filler
for an adventure game that's filler yeah
agreed agreed but you know a little
action e action yeah packs I guess

[Part II]
but you know a little action e action
yeah
packs I guess so what's plan its 841 oh
can we started late yeah oh no we're not
done yeah I know
bogel hunter says hey I love your show
eylem and share some laughs with you
guys keep up your work you're awesome
thank you we do art we do our best Mad
Dog Hawk says wrench Jack I love you
both and thank you guys for all the
entertainment
what is the vey very first video game
you remember playing as a kid that made
an impact on you all so what's your
favorite condiment mail you know or
cheese if you count cheese I like cheese
okay mayo III would agree with mayo Oh
God
mayo is a fine condiment for a first
game you remember playing as a kid that
made an impact that made an impact
you're a kid when I was a kid video
games were fucking news like any fuckin
video game right back like like probably
the the first game that I definitely
remember playing was pong for and my
grandparents at my grandparents house I
remember very fondly playing pong for
that made an impact probably pac-man
that made an impact yeah once the games
made an impact right I can remember what
was it on the on the Super Nintendo
let's say I'm trying to think of gay
games that made an impact I remember
actually what were we playing we were
playing we were playing super off-road
and Oh some other game I was playing
with my brother
super off-road the the you know the for
the the truck racing game and some other
game you know might have been is as
simple as Super Mario World and we
started designing our own video game
that was a monster truck racing
adventure game yeah where you'd have to
race around your monster truck but also
like it had instead of just being a race
you had like a quest to complete in your
monster truck and so I said I'd say that
was a pretty big impact because that's
when I start maybe even when I started
like think about games in terms of
designing them yeah maybe I don't know I
remember a game one of the early 3d
games called stunts she's called stunts
stunts yeah and you know it was a 3d
game that let you build your own
racetracks okay I bet that I thought was
really awesome that is really awesome
make these big loopy loops
ramp them ago to like know where you'd
flying off yeah that's great
I got knotty let me see if it's
downloaded art is nice it is all right
I'm gonna take a bathroom break okay
what do you got them for after the break
Oh secret you saving it he's saving it
for suspense
I will I prepare
to be underwhelmed it's just a game that
I've personally been enjoying and will I
can play for for a while while we chat
about stuff all right
unless of course rich I have been
playing a lot if there is anything you
want to play you tell me but I'm gonna
go to the bathroom I think I'm good all
right take a break myself Jack's not the
only one a piece for Ryan out loud ha
I'm screening cut too
I know I do where is it where is it I
know it's fine it's fine
I'm just gonna get up and do whatever I
need to do first I'm gonna be a jerk a
huge jerk
there we go I'll be back
are we streaming did rich not put up the
we'll be back chat we have yes we have
this whole thing here where if we go we
have we have this whole thing where we
put this on so then you guys know we're
gone and rich didn't put it on that's
weird
we made that whole thing Jack myself hi
hi it's all Plouffe
this was it was funnier nah I don't know
about that you you didn't put on the the
will be back rich set a glitched he said
it's your fault I went to do it I really
did my green was a glitch down I don't
believe you I have I have I'm just
joking
alright let's update this this alright
oh wow I know is that a spa Mountain ma
MOU UNT I am gay and I an I did AI hey
alright yeah yeah yeah okay I did it
right brain brain Alexia I I knocked
over the clicker that's fine is it but
is it though I haven't heard that a long
time the clicker
I think the remote control what is to
cause the remote get the remote I think
I say clicker all the time yeah that's
my MA talk that's what it well I mean
yeah I know cuz before it actually did
click right but it's called we've always
called it a clicker okay grandpa yeah
yes I am that's I am a grandpa I do not
deny my grampa teenis Chris games 2006
jek Jack you have any thoughts on hazy
or new england-style IPAs just got back
from Vermont with a truckload of said
tasty beverages or a magical place uh no
wow I'm helpful with this no and you
know you know I'm generally just a fan
of whatever IPA has the highest alcohol
content just for calories sake it's like
you know what's the most I can drink
with the least amount of sugar in it but
I will say I'll tell you guys for a
while now I've been really light on the
alcohol consumption I've been really not
into drinking it and so I'd love to sit
and have a beer chat with you but it's
just it's not something I'm necessarily
into at the moment you move xsplit up
there you go and so I cannot I cannot be
with you as far as the beer talk at the
moment more alcohol equal more calories
I know generally speaking that is true
holy-moly descenders please confirm game
name here xsplit is asking for some help
here that's right
okay this is a game that I've been
playing in my free time that you might
think is incredibly stupid but I love
she's really generated you just continue
to go downhill it's it's a well no you
don't just continue to go down here
downhill
it has roguelike elements where each
trail is procedurally generated okay but
then you like choose difficulties and
gain gain your stats but at its heart
it's just a downhill mountain biking
game and it's kind of great yeah one
minute here let's update this these I
just fell in this game now I think so
I spell terrible you're supposed to be
the one to tell me well you tell me des
oh good I did right I I rely on other
people to tell me if I'm spelling shit
rich exploit messed up
what next foot doesn't mess up you're
lying jack
okay okay here nice ice okay I get my
chicken helmet or this that's kind of
adorable what the chicken helmet the
chicken helmets adorable I earned the
chicken helmet the name that you put in
look look at the back of your Jersey it
puts your nickname on the back here
Jersey and it's just so you know it'll
teach you kind of the basics go and
break and then there's like a whole
jumping thing and then you just kind of
go downhill
and you can do tricks and stuff so the
reason it is super fantastic oh and if
you die just respond so like this is
just like the training area okay let's
what are some of the other basics here
so this kind of just teaches you about
turning like whoo watch out for rocks
this this oh no this isn't the skid
course
okay.what finish line this finish line
it's our time limit
well Oh No so this is just the training
course which the game doesn't think I've
done yet yeah so and so I'm just gonna
do this really quick so I can move on to
the actual game game generally quickly
because I know how to do all this stuff
all right score 100 points no problem
it's oh it's super great okay great so
that was it and like you know you can do
stuff like like like wheelies if I'm
pretty bad and I got my chicken helmet
on okay so then we go to ride and it's
it's a roguelike it has roguelike
elements so every course is procedurally
generated you there's a bonus objective
- this one is finished within 35 seconds
okay and if you complete the bonus
suggests objective it gives you another
health point if you wipe out you lose a
health point okay okay and I'm just it's
it's simple it's kind of dumb but it's
also really great it gives you an over
an overview of the track but I always
skip that just because I want to be
surprised they want to know if this has
twitch integration I don't know if it
has twitch integration check on the
options menu what sort of integration I
have no idea there was a question not a
statement so I think they're assuming
with twitch signs here and there I'm
sure that there would be naturally
twitch integration possibly send you
wipeout automatically going off trail no
no you can go off trail you can in fact
that's how you like this one to get in
here in 35 seconds you'd have to go
after out oh but there's a bunch of
rocks and stuff to get in your win so I
decided just to keep basic and then here
like there's different paths and so this
one is steeper so you'll go faster
curves you have a curve stupid curves
and it's like my bow suggested was to
get one clean landing so I want at least
a few stunts
this one has decent stunts
and then it's a whole new trail I can
get it I can get one clean landing let's
look at the settings here I don't see
any which integration tbz says hi this
is a tip bye thank you streaming on
mixer you know what mixer is I don't
know what mixer is either not to enable
interactivity maybe like you can choose
what song plays next I don't know what
that means so I'm gonna say no
hye-won clean landing that's all we need
is one clean landing no fuck Xbox twitch
why would we know that we don't have a
fucking Xbox weight mixer is one
somebody's saying Xbox is twitch push it
oh shit the Xbox is a waste of fucking
hardware
the Xbox is oh fuck yeah you know it is
data I it be different if they had any
games but it's just got nothing man it
just got nothing
that wasn't a oh fuck
fucking up rich and you go rich just
solve the console wars look I don't give
a goddamn about the console wars I'm
just saying Xbox is a loser this gem man
and everybody knows it
Xbox knows it no one's no one's uh I'm a
PC guy I don't give a shit about this
home console that the better console
bullshit
I don't ya know xbox Xbox clearly lost
if you've been playing any paying any
attention
yeah they don't got it they don't got it
they never got it
don't got it never had it
shit racks racks so like this one there
just is no trail neat yeah but you just
gotta watch out for the rocks where's
your health I omit I only have one life
left okay there we go well now I'll have
to that's a green circle no that's my
rep that's my rep and that's how I get
prizes okay so like if I the more tricks
I do the more rep I get and that's how I
get bonuses my rep is not doing great
right now so where you see where it says
last stand okay that means I'm on my
last life okay but I just got one bonus
health because I did two 360s right so
now I have one life so I'm not gonna
make it very far this run
yeah mellow stunts mellow stance
Xbox has the best controller objectively
100% the original Xbox was better than
whatever PlayStation at the time what
the Xbox with all one of its games
better than the PlayStation 2 possibly
the gaming system that the most people
had ever the this is your year you're
pitting the exit okay
halo you're pitting the original Xbox
against the PlayStation 2 the most
ubiquitous gaming console to ever exist
some is some idiot who thinks halo
invented the first-person shooter
technically wasn't the first person
shooter on on the PS fuck on the ps2 no
oh no that was the first cover shooter
the first first first first person
shooter was on PC oh right no III was
thinking of the cover shooter actually
it was uh what was the what does
catacomb game before they before they
made Wolfenstein yeah yeah something of
the catacombs
the Wii is the biggest console I I meant
in that generation in that generation it
was PlayStation 2 versus GameCube versus
the Xbox and now many people I don't
know if maybe a lot of people don't know
this but it made a first-person shooter
before Wolfenstein what which time was
the first person that was the first one
they made when they were called in
uh-huh
but they did work for another company
and they made a first-person shooter I
can't remember what it's called
something catacombs it couldn't just be
catacombs 3d but it's like a wizard with
a hand that shoots magic and monsters
first-person like almost exactly like
Wolfenstein but this was a hand in magic
yeah interesting
why don't they reboot that it started
working for I forget what they were
called soft Tron or something like that
of all the people who form did work
there yeah
but they wanted to make their own games
catacombs 3d is whether it was called by
the way catacombs 3d ok ok so it worked
for this other corporation but they
wanted to make their own games and the
genius that John Carmack is he he
figured out how they could do a smooth
side-scrolling platforming game on a PC
which the processes at the time was
difficult yeah and rather than making a
platforming game for the people they
were working for what they did was they
stole the computers at night and then
made their own game at the home and then
they got caught doing that and they were
in big fucking trouble yes and uh-huh
out of out of mercy the person who owned
this company rather than squashing it
like a bug they be said well you got to
make some games me for free and they
made that catacomb game okay that
catacomb 3d which is why it's not a good
software game it's uh I forgot what the
fuck it was called but it was made by in
interesting
interesting I wonder if they'd ever do
it well they probably don't have the
rights to which is why we'll never see a
yeah whoever owns softest now owns
catacombs three right but you know I
think I think the realm of the
first-person shooter could use little
more than guns at this point I think we
have enough guns you know playing that
wizard game which obviously like you're
just using guns but but thinking about
all the fun first-person stuff you can
do in the Dishonored series yeah I want
a little more a little more fun stuff
you could do in a first-person shooter
besides to shoot you know first-person
something you know
I'm on the trail all right
everything's fine everything's fine I'm
cruising shit
everything is not fine right my crews
and days are over
I should have cheesed it and I had a I
had a really nice had a really nice
cheese going and and I tanked it
arcade-style games are neat for like a
couple hours but lack of depth ruins
them I think the whole point of an
arcade game though is it's something you
only want to play for a couple hours at
a time that's the point I could do this
for a bit do this for a bit it'll hold
your attention while you plug a couple
quarters into me so here's the thing so
I've earned enough rep now to get a new
crew member and so then these are the
upgrades that I can get decrease speed
wobbles when going fast offroad friction
more checkpoints oh here we go
increased chances of staying on your
bike when landing hard that is a decent
bonus there
the point of an arcade game was to strip
you of all your allowance yes it was to
suck as many quarters out of your pocket
as humanly possible a classic arcade
game but arcade is kind of means its own
Arkady style of game Oh 12 and beyond
just something you put quarters in yeah
that does it has a little different
meaning now because our Cades are no
longer a thing
sure just looking for a fast healer
because I don't want to get at a high
top speed here I think I think at this
point it just describes a gameplay style
sure just simple easy pickup
chucky cheese has what the modern arcade
games look like what our modern arcade
games flappy bird arcade games yeah I
mean like I mean like like that you
would go into like Chuckie Cheese yeah
flappy bird flappybird is a stand up
coin up game by the way think about it
for a second it makes perfect fucking
sense but that is weird as fuck yep
but but stuff a lot of stuff like that
where it's really simple objectives and
it's in it's uh it's uh they let her
last like 15 to 20 seconds no and it's
like they're filled with they're
actually filled with like Apple games
there's a there's a Angry Birds there's
a flappy bird there's there's a ton of
like iPhone games that they've made
stands for for kids to suck the quarter
they tip huh do they tap on the stone
sometimes they tap on the screen
sometimes like for flight where there's
just a big button yes I just II flaps a
big button and people love it because
it's what they play kind of brilliant
it's what they play at home so like it
no it's totally brilliant
makes perfect sense
ya know it works it works which is why I
keep my children far away from our Cades
cuz man they they want him hey they want
that uh now I have no interest in
playing the new David cage game I think
it'd be a far more boring stream than
you think it would be of course it would
be it wouldn't end up like an episode of
best of the worst when we're laughing it
would end up where we're just frustrated
playing something was boring right while
we're trying to talk about other things
with you I don't I don't think this
would work very well at all not not at
all how you think I I think and anyone
who really thinks that who thinks like
that would be a fun experience live or
even watching we get that a lot like why
don't we want why why don't we do live
best of the worst
really underestimates the job that Jane
might do editing those episodes the the
comedy comes in editing out all of the
bad stuff and all of the bride or all of
the thinking of something to say like
like I said there's a possibility we
could get something funny out of the
first four hours of Detroit but that
depends on how on how rich and I feel
like we can handle that
Mad Dog hoaxes okay okay you both love
mayonnaise that's respectable
I like that but if you could kick one
celebrity right now in the cog who are
you punting though I think the list is
too long at this point okay that sounds
fair just to completely skirt that
question Thanks there's plenty of people
who deserve a decent nut kicking nope
how about that
I'm from like I was named I know I
shouldn't be fucking American Beauty
Kevin Spacey haven't Spacey thank you
Kevin Spacey answer you go for a nice
easy nut kick
ugh
Roseanne Roseanne doesn't have nuts and
you could argue that she already kicked
herself in the nuts
ah rich fuck ashamed I was enjoying the
goddamn show by buying she had to be
nuts she had to be fair she was pretty
nuts before that and she was nuts she
was nuts about the wrong person is
happen yeah yeah she had to be nuts
what's crazy is like pina people a lot
of people are sharing like you know some
recent Roseanne tweets yeah and I think
the one that got her fired was the least
crazy and racist of all of her tweets in
the last couple of days he's crazy for
sure yes yes yeah oh yeah I suppose you
could argue it's the most racist but it
was the least crazy like she was
tweeting out some like some like you
know Jewish conspiracy theories and he's
just like with rosianna are you okay do
you need some medication but yeah yeah
there's a there there are some issues
there in that Roseanne but you liked the
new show yeah I was like of a new
Roseanne okay sorry
god it's all gone now I know I'm sad
about it and although and all the reruns
by the way I heard about that
reruns got pulled as well I heard they
yanked it from Hulu yeah
by I hadn't had a chance to watch the
rest of them yet
oh no the reruns of old Roseanne - today
yeah they're pulling old Roseanne - Wow
oh yeah they're done they're done with
all Roseanne all the time
but you know here's been extreme it was
one of the goddamn classic sitcoms
here's what I will say about the the
Roseanne situation is I think she's
taking it I think she's taking it well
which is she even even though she's
taking it 80 percent well how about that
I have no idea how she's taking it so
she she made a couple post today said
one post was was bad saying I was on
ambien and late-night tweeting and blah
blah and I'm really sorry so it's just
like oh I'm gonna blame you know the
drugs for making me say stupid racist
bullshit that's bad but the other part
was just was her saying hey don't
anybody defend what I said what I said
was wrong I understand that it was wrong
and no one should try to defend it
because it was absolutely wrong and I
should not have said it and I think that
was a classy way of handling the
situation but the whole ambien thing was
was a little messed up but what
so what rich what do we got indeed I got
I uh
what I got is inclement weather to make
this track a little more difficult the
true blue review says yeah since you
brought up the trade before I'd support
you doing a first for our zone people
I've seen play it's a it's great at the
start it goes downhill from there so be
perfect to get a good first impression
of and never play it again haha well
there you go yeah well yeah well we'll
put that as a solid maybe how about that
I'm not against the idea I'm not against
the idea of doing it for a first four
hours of so that's that's what I'll give
you okay do you have any do you have any
feelings on that doing it first four
hours of I think it would be redundant
okay I think it would everyone knows how
we feel about cinematic gaming and
literally it looks it sounds like
nothing but cinematic gaming without any
kind of pretense of gameplay yeah oh
this has really fucked up you have these
levels yeah where you do it in
first-person mode yeah and it's hard
it's great and imagine it's nauseating
yeah yeah it's crazy hard so I'm not
doing it
what's when's the last game you've done
four first four hours of it's been a
while yes it has been a while oh oh you
know what and I have a better game we
could do it first four hours of anyway
oh good so good I haven't a game that we
could actually probably get some comedy
out of for a first four hours okay I'm
done with that yeah
so there should know your blood shot
says valiant blood shot what game did
you throw the most quarters in when you
would go to the arcade for me it was a
tie between the x-men game and the
Simpsons game ha ha ha ha but both
side-scrolling beat'em ups by the way
yeah very similar the x-men game in the
Simpsons game for basically the same
thing now that I think there we go that
you yep both of those games yes easily I
put a lot of time into those but
probably the thing that ate up the most
of my quarters in all of my are Kading
time is in grade school clean landing
thanks in grade school there was a place
that we would go to after school that
had a mortal combat cabinet oh yeah and
I don't know if it was like Mortal
Kombat 1 or 2 or what the number was but
it was a Mortal Kombat cabinet and that
ate up all of our dang time everyone
every kid who ever existed in in the in
a little in the suburb town that had the
one arcade cabinet we played Mortal
Kombat until the end of time I can't
tell you which arcade game got the most
quarters out of me
I can list off some arcade games I liked
ok do that pac-man pac-man is great
paperboy
it's so crazy to be that paperboy is in
our cave game it's primarily what I knew
it is right had they had the arcade had
the handlebars what's up oh that sounds
great yeah was great
that sounds great I'm ready for this
ready for this
no oh I thought I don't think you were
ready for that was and I wasn't going
fast I wasn't going fast enough
hadar Wars arcade game was sweet the
vector art grand protector art grant the
vector graphics our Star Wars yeah Super
Mario Brothers I knew as an arcade game
before I had heard of an NES hmm
because they had one at the Showbiz
Pizza war the infamous photo was from
that was like my go to that might
actually have the most quarters that
better Paperboy
I think paperboy could be a fun arcade
game it's just crazy because you know I
of course think of paper brands be any
SP rich shade Star Wars
yeah but I I like a good spaceship game
I don't think you understand that I
don't like force force force force but
flying around an x-wing that's pretty
sweet and that's not force force force
right
everyone likes flying around in
spaceships that's just science
it's mathematically proven that everyone
likes flying around and so that everyone
likes flying around in spaceships where
she likes rich loves TIE fighter type
fighter one of my favorite games of all
time
yeah you've talked about the head of
bunch
but I'm also assuming that Thai fighter
could easily be called you know
spaceship pilot right exactly and it
would still be a fun game and have
nothing to do with the Star Wars
franchise and still be a fun game an
original intellectual property spaceship
pilot Wing Commander I played a little
bit of Wing Commander like Tie Fighters
a better game though I might just be
familiar with the older Wing Commanders
and maybe the later Wing Commanders that
I haven't played would totally totally
put that view on its head for me
anything recent similar to tie-fighter
that i like why I never I never sat down
to dedicate the time it would take to
really get into it
elite dangerous is probably really
fucking awesome hmm probably probably
but you've never had I started to once
we were like we're gonna do it first
four hours of it and you just were not
into it oh yeah yeah I remember that
yeah oh my god I don't know if I've ever
hit a comatose state faster than me just
figuring out how to fly to another star
and loving it and you're just saying
well and of course we were trying to do
a you know an episode on and there was
just no comedy to be had we're somewhat
it was giving you space right space
yeah yeah buttoning it now that we're
not doing it for now so that could be
your go-to hmm now that we're not doing
it for an episode that could be your
go-to though
she was taking up a free time and Wow
not much my free time I'm giving up I
was gonna try and make my own little
simplistic Zelda breath in the wild mom
I was gonna fry oh yeah yeah I got my
free trial of 3ds max oh sure and I it's
just not gonna happen it's like that's
like looking at an alien language yes
by the way learning any of those
learning any of those programs is like
looking at an alien language I was gonna
try and do a very basic kind of mod I
wanted to use the cap from like the good
call the wild Capitan get the end of the
game or do you take that cap no I wanted
to take the champions tunic repainted
that that color green and then one of
the pants and just replace the barbarian
outfit because I never I was like the
barbarian outfit breath well a little
bit too deep could you goddamn silly for
me sure run or now that's stupid skull
on your head and fur boots
mm-hm and but I I you know that's that's
a great that that outfit has a great
perk like the EDI attack yeah yeah I
just wanted to replace it with the
traditional green tunic sure sure but
just staring up to shit in 3ds max and
this needs to be recompiled leg about I
have so much respect for bottles right
now that's great as I swear to god I'm
looking at it and it's like a goddamn
alien language to be I'm trying do my
best to try and figure it out
oh no it's gibberish I've spent a little
time in blender which is another 3d
program that's a blender as a three free
D program by the way yeah the the entire
thing is free all the time okay and I've
spent a little time there kept trying to
do like bait like titles yeah like where
it's like oh you know what for this
video I'm making I really want a 3d
title that'll go over the camera
Oh blenders a free program uh-huh I know
how to edit videos I can figure this out
like two months later smoking cigarettes
guy I got it I can know how to work the
camera
like I can I can do this last two times
like I could have been like days where
just could have been doing something
else and just staring ups know I'm gonna
figure this out I'm good from staring at
the screen it's crazy
sharing in the screen not only just
something else for it and come back to
it oh God then I come back to it all
right I'm gonna figure this out oh god
no I can't I can't I don't know what I'm
doing that's the thing I'm sorry I'm
sorry rich well you know if you have the
modded version of the you can get the
Phantom Hourglass phantom which does up
attack that outfit it's an e it's a neat
outfit you're like that night maybe make
it so you can fucking dye it different
colors - oh sure
sure
I can't believe I survived that doesn't
quite figured out how to get over those
logs without completely wrecking my shit
we're just taking this nice and easy
till we get to the boss jump see if we
can make the boss jump try youtube for
help oh I have there's not there's not
that much documentation on breath of the
wild modding not that much
that's the farthest I've gotten it's
like the barbarian outfits like that the
helmet the upper and the lower legs
they're all saved in the same file but
there's still separate files and I have
no idea how to like just like extract
the helmet out and put the the tunic cap
in no idea how to do that there's
there's nothing on YouTube that tells me
how to do that that's you know what and
I've run into similar things by the way
for the person asking in chat how I know
specifically that I just assumed every
asset is available on the modded version
so I assumed that the DLC stuff is also
available on the model version I ran
into very similar things when looking up
Dungeons and Dragons rules where it's
like I want to know one specific thing I
need one youtube video to tell me this
one very specific thing yeah and yeah
finding that is really difficult
sometimes but you'll get there rich
eventually hidden hidden in another
video doing something completely
different you'll find it like the piece
of information you're looking for but
then there's like two things going on
like Natalie you know figuring out how
to mod this one specific game breath of
the wild but I also don't know how to
use the fucking 3d soft right one thing
at a time rich right
one thing at a time oh fuck fuck it I
never cared much for the flame-retardant
suit and breath of the wild either but I
don't know what the heck I'd replace it
with the big goofy oven looking thing
you wear oh yeah yeah yeah that's good
ever like that
yeah it's silly I don't know what I did
place it with like you know that's where
you get fun you bring in like these the
armor from Oh what's thick what's the
other game you did a you did a game
station on it and then we looked at the
PC remake oh yeah you like not in the
vanquish armor and replace that with
that with a fireproof armor that sounds
cool
yeah just link run around with the
vanquish armor that'd be very silly
oh shit I turned I turned the speedrun
time around
now clean landing come on can I add the
bonuses I want to the outfit I want to
use instead in theory I could but you
don't get the fucking cap of the wild to
the end of the game and that's just
stupid like that's the cap you got to
get a hundred twenty shrines for oh fuck
that
absolutely fuck that mm-hmm
oh you know what I just thought of in my
most recent breath of the wild
playthrough like where I did all the
stuff and I did all the DLC and I did I
did like way more stuff the second time
I found skeleton horse I found the the
king of the mountain I did all that
stuff you know where I didn't go the
island Oh every time the the island
where you lose all your items that have
to deal with it I never did that island
ever well I mean I did it my first
playthrough how to add a great time I'm
saying this second playthrough when I
did it you know like more of everything
I just like oh yeah I'll go to that
island when I get the chance we're gonna
feel like it I never felt like it never
super large amount of respect I have for
modders not only for their work in 3d
programs but I I can't even figure out
how to do one stupid thing and there are
people right now putting Zelda in the
game complete with their own unique
wardrobe
yeah these people know what's up
we got turn there one below
one flexes Jack yeah talk about the
three-hour battle at Vitas shrimp and
return to the king the mama kill the
Rohirrim charge the battle is excessive
but I never feel bored
why does Lord of the Rings work when
other films don't I'm from DC and the
capital and the Capitals are in the
finals I had no idea how to pronounce
some of these words I did my best but as
Lord of the Ring stuff and I don't know
that yeah and what's what's crazy about
Return of the King is you forget that
like V the massive battle that takes
place at at Rohan
no not Rohan the the last kingdom of man
the last battle that takes there is like
an hour and a half away from the end of
the movie like that battles that battle
is going on when you start the second
disc and it's done with pretty quickly
like it's not that's not the final like
set piece of the movie Frodo hasn't even
gotten to Mount Doom yet when when the
last major battle happens
oh no that battle is fucking great like
watching it was so great watching it
with my kids do like watching it with
new eyes because there's a big thing in
Return of the King uh you've seen it
once right yeah so do you remember like
don't they're a blur to me they're all a
blur there is this big thing about
whether or not they would like light the
fires to call forth all of the armies of
men and whether they would show up in
time and like they finally show up with
all their horses and they run over all
the orcs it's it's honestly just an
awe-inspiring scene when when the Riders
of Rohan overtake the orc army and then
on the other side Aragorn and Legolas
and Gimli have to get a ghost army and
so there's like an army in the castle
there's an army on horseback and then
there's a fucking army
of ghosts all fighting the same battle
and it's it's and it's so great so they
need to defend the area and they use the
ghost army right yeah the whole thing of
the ghost army they're completely
they're completely undefeatable right
yeah
one of the just have the ghost army
attack Mount Doom because the reason
they were able to get the ghost army to
help them in the first place is because
the they were men who ran away from an
oath they made to a king long ago and so
Aragorn said if you help us with this
battle I will I will reclaim your oath
and you can rest in peace and they you
help them win the battle
okay and actually that that is a line
lock this battle yeah haven't killed the
bad guys err Aragorn didn't think that
far in advance he was like a tactical
blunder they can only think of one enemy
at a time like help us it actually that
was a that's a line in the movie where
Gimli Chema's like these guys are pretty
good they'd be having around maybe we
should keep them in the ghosts we're
getting a little mad Aragorn is like no
no I'm a good king okay okay yeah
it's a book it's a book well yeah of
course based on the book I know the
movies better I've read the books ages
ago but I wouldn't I wouldn't even know
the books I know the movies better now I
know the movies far better than I know
the books yeah go kill them over there
we'll all be here dead no you flee
asleep well you let them take the lead
here's what you do
you guys got this you guys got this
ghost army
those could have killed all the good
guys this is easily so Aragorn pulled
that ship he'd be dead no no no the
battle that they promise you don't have
it be that battle you do the other thing
instead rich is saying instead of
Aragorn saying help us with this battle
of man and said Aragorn would say help
us defeat Sauron and then I will and
then I will release you from your own
butt
Aragorn was thinking about all of the
lives lost in the Curt in the you know
the thing that was happening right there
right now that would win you the damn
war and that's the most important thing
that's all the lives even if you defeat
Sauron the army is still at the castle
okay and so you have to choose one of
the other yeah choose army or Sauron I
don't choose defeating Sauron right but
remember that the people in the castle
are all that's left of all mankind are
you telling me in Lord of the Rings the
only people the people in that castle
are all of mankind it's it's implied
that you know if that castle Falls the
rest you know like there'll be a few men
here and there but like that's the major
okay once they defeat that castle once
the enemies are going on to get the rest
of mankind
fuck that we're going to your home base
with this ghost army and we're gonna
fuck your shit up good damn it Jack the
best defense is a good office your tech
I think your tactical mind is fighting
the wrong battle you fill the fucking
castle with explosives and let them
happen to many people there's two minute
while and there's there's there's
politics involved too rich you remember
the crazy king who tried to burn his son
or the crazy
there's some politics involved they have
to destroy the ring you kill everyone a
moat doom and just walk the ring that's
gentle walk with without all those orcs
there Sam and Frodo could have gotten
there a lot faster they could have got
there before Frodo lost his shit and
bouverie saved the day that's not what
it was about rich it was about even the
most pure hearted being corruptible even
Frodo is corruptible even that you every
everyone succumbs to temptation rich
that sounds like one of those people who
says the Eagles should have just flown
Frodo to Mount Doom they should have god
damnit I think there is a specific oh
these are stupid I think there was
actually a very specific reason why the
Eagles didn't that's covered in the
books but yeah I mean right if I
remember correctly there's a very
specific reason why the Eagles didn't if
I'm in charge
the first thing I'm doing is I'm giving
Sam the fucking ring for I agree 100%
100% though here's the thing rich we
don't really know how Sam would react to
be fair okay say Sam's all nice and
good-hearted but as soon as that ring
starts corrupting did he not have it for
a bit and when Frodo asked for it back
Sam gave it to him he did but he never
he never reward he held on to it for
okay okay he gave it and he gave it back
to Frodo but he kind of hesitated a bit
and that's just for holding it for like
a couple minutes you know so the the
truth of the the the the fairness to
Frodo here is that we golem had that
ring for a total of two seconds before
he would refused to part with it if I
could come out of the mud that's right
enough that's right now his friend
picked it out of the mud for gala or for
Smeagol it was just seeing the ring was
enough to corrupt him right
know when when Smeagol first got when
Smeagol got the ring all actually all
Smeagol did was look at the ring and
that was enough to corrupt him is what
rich is talking about in the flashback
yeah
which is very true
no no mo I'm actually really okay with
Frodo with Frodo not wanting to throw
the ring in at the end because to me
that was the moral of the story is you
know even Frodo the kind hearted Hobbit
was corrupted and it wasn't really about
that it was about you know it was about
how war changes you in the journey and
all that other bullshit so I like it
I'm down it corrupted Boromir and he
didn't touch it either right we all
agree the two things rich is wrong about
our solo and I don't say I hey I might
have teasingly said I hate Lord of the
Rings uh-huh I mostly just don't get it
you mostly just don't know I guess it's
something I despise okay I don't sit
around plotting things why they like it
whoo I were in charge the road I good
everything I just don't have the same
reaction doing that everyone else does
but it's amazing it's amazing like some
things what don't you get about it I'll
get it I don't get that you don't get it
I don't get why this is so amazing bahai
alright you game wasted too much I've
wasted too much time Danny I don't get
why you don't get it especially like the
movies are just so beautiful you know
the books they're they're a bit long I
can see that bit long to read
but I mean it rich only understands but
it's bitter and jaded haha is that not
the end of Lord of the Rings prefer gets
corrupted and Woodbury saves the day
well that's not the end and what are the
Rings is bitter and jaded that's the
final message no the final final message
is that though is the world moving on
actually actually the after after
actually the bit the bitter and jaded
now Frodo has to leave middle-earth
because he's so bitter and jaded he has
to basically go to the heaven of
middle-earth because he's so bitter and
jaded he has to leave the goddamn story
because he can't deal with with their
happy bullshit anymore and then Sam you
know gets a wife and has some kids and
and everyone else moves on Aragorn
becomes king but the message is still a
jaded message even the kind is hard to
be corrupted ish ish but good wins out
in the end so it's not jaded every bit
as cynical and nihilistic as I am
minutes well first of all it's
definitely not as much as you but but
you know the at the end of the day good
wins because a monster bites off Frodo's
finger so uh maybe a little bit as
sadistic as you how about that if it
weren't for a horrible creature
dismembering our hero yeah evil would
win the day bad message I'm saying it's
a jaded message somebody's saying I
can't appreciate it because I only like
things that are bitter and jaded and I'm
saying the final message of Lord of the
Rings is in fact bitter and jaded no I'd
say one of the themes might be bitter
and jaded miss but the final message
corruption is absolute that's what I get
out of Lord of the Rings corruption is
absolute ah that's a that's fair but the
good guy still wins
it's jaded not hopeful what's hopeful
about Frodo succumbing and Smeagol
biting off his finger because he is also
entirely corrupted what is hopeful about
that it's an accident that saves the day
absolutely jaded miss but also you're
only looking at one side of you're only
looking at one side of the finale of
Lord of the Rings because Lord of the
Rings isn't about Frodo it's you know
it's a multicast right yeah the the
other side of that is is these you know
groups of men coming together to fight
and an unstoppable evil just because
they believe in their friend and you
know obviously the friend only wins due
to Boober e at the end Frodo said fuck
my friend I want this ring but these all
the guys came together and and the
little hobbitses were there to fight the
whole monsters and everyone was willy
ready and willing to fight off the evil
just for their friend Frodo
which is the biggest fuck control you
just don't like it when I made good
points
not Boober II what's that word a kept
iike tossed Rafi that's an interesting
word I'm still gonna call it Boo Berry
it was a it was a big old whoopsie that
meant the ring went into Mount Doom it
was a big old whoopsie dupes
because Frodo showed compassion to
Gollum Gollum lived long enough to knock
the ring into the fire
that's ignoring a whole lot of Gollum
been trying to kill Frodo and Sam that's
plainly fucked logic right there says
having mercy is bad because forget mercy
that person's just gonna stab you in the
back God Lord of the Rings is cynical of
jaded are the Rings is like super
cynical and jaded
yeah I don't know if that was the lesson
there chat it's all good if you wanted
to just win this game could you just
take the safe route like not go up the
castle ramp yeah you can't like if you
wanted to cheese and you know cheesing
is perfectly acceptable in this game you
can just do this
the downside is there are random rocks
everywhere okay and the up there it's
okay luckily I jumped off of that one
but other than that then the game
doesn't punish you for it
well what the game punishes you is in
your your cool points your score yeah
and then you don't get the ocean come on
yeah bicurious I'm not criticizing that
oh yeah so like cheesing is definitely a
viable option and i do it all the time
if I'm low on health but then the game
doesn't let you get those cool bonuses
mercy equals weakness in Lord of the
Rings right well you know maybe if
Gollum wasn't fucking him around so much
they would have gotten to Mount Doom a
little bit faster and then Frodo
wouldn't have been so corrupted so they
shouldn't have had mercy on them I'm
just saying
okay I'm just saying okay and also
remember that it was only Frodo that
showed mercy Sam was ready to murder
Gollum very early on Sam our good one
our good hopeful one he was right he was
right on every step with the journey
almost almost Gollum for a while was was
ready to turn all goodrich did he huh
did he well until fuck you tree until
fucking Faramir got involved thanks a
lot lesser Boromir it's the same was
right huh so Sam was right they should
have killed him
if Faramir didn't get involved then
Gollum could have been good she's
bergdahl him because he had to believe
that he come back from corruption
yes but the jaded message of Lord of the
Rings is that he could not write if
that's what rich is saying at the end of
the day he almost didn't come back from
being corrupted he was ready to leave
Sam on Mount Doom and take the ring back
and be the new column Frodo is all ready
to turn 100% evil in fact if it wasn't
for Gollum biting his goddamn finger off
so associated associated I think that's
just you I think it's a I really do I
have no problem with a baggage Aidid
message I'm just pointing up and it is
that's all there's some that's all I
think there's some you know there's some
reality in there there's some harsh
there's some harshness I don't know if
I'd call it jaded though I was a fun
conversation I loved it listen any time
you want to talk Lord of the Rings I am
down I prefer to Star Wars let's talk
about the other nerd thing how about
that
ah fuck you game enjoy this game it's
very challenging though very challenging
which talks Star Trek what Star Trek do
you want to talk about talking a lot of
Star Trek too
we have we have indeed that's okay we
can talk all the nerd things we can talk
all the nerd things my favorite thing
right now just so before we get into
into Star Trek is just watching all of
the extended behind the scenes stuff for
all of the Lord of the Rings and I think
that's it's especially nice for my kids
I love showing them kind of like the
process of how movies are made and you
know all that kind of you know like it's
very important to me that they know that
movies are fake yeah because I don't
want I don't want to have to deal with
you know nightmares and monsters and
what no movies are fake and they're fun
because they're fake and so although all
the behind the scenes Lord of the linked
stuff has been just been fantastic like
oh here's how we made an O Rukh I it's
just a person and here's how we did -
all the masks and makeup and everything
and it's been it's just been super neat
watching that with the children besides
watching the movies which has been great
as well good old extended editions did
we ever talk about my little personal
Lord of the Rings Mandela effect moment
and I'm pretty sure we've talked about
this okay I go ahead and I I remembered
the cartoon ending with Sam cutting off
Frodo's hand you've mentioned this and
that's when the hand with the ring goes
into the lava and it does not unlike I
remember it is Sam saving the day now I
believe it happened much the same way
with Gollum and Boo Berry sure well
right Gollum and Boo Berry what else do
you worry it's it's so should have ended
with Sam cutting off Frodo's hand that
would have been badass that well that
also could have been a really fun like
character moment where you know Sam has
to do the right thing even though it
hurts yeah mr. Frodo is his friend who's
he's sworn to protect you know what
actually that would have been better
than Boo Berry
right now I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with you Tolkien's a hack
well I don't want I don't want the logs
no logs please oh I did not
stop it with the logs that would have
been jaded rich but the story isn't
jaded ya know the story isn't jaded it
only has Frodo big getting completely
corrupted and Gollum who couldn't be
rescued biting off his finger because
they're both green bastards and then the
ring accidentally falls in the lava
that's such a hopeful message about
humanity I was thinking the same thing I
was thinking the same thing
face it the ending of Lord of the Rings
I'm not then that's saying this makes it
bad even I'm fine with this write the
ending Lord of the Rings is jaded as
fuck is fuck well but that's not the
ending that that part that the car yeah
climbs you're this half of the climax is
jaded because you forget about everybody
else but I'll give you a half half of
the climax it's a happy ending on
accident yes because of Boober II
because well that's what that's why I'm
giving him half because obviously
there's there's everyone else who's
doing very honorable and heroic things
at that at the moment that Frodo is
betraying Sam the point was the ring was
fucking evil rich they resisted its
power as long as they could
yes and the ultimate message is you
can't resist evil no one well you have
to count on a happy accident to save you
four people the ultimate message is
anyone is corruptible which yes is a
jaded message and we should we should
give rich this but but there's there's
more there's more to the story and we
all know that and rich knows that too he
was having a little fun I am having fun
but I think I don't think and I think
it's so easy to gloss over climax is the
most important part yeah but you're only
paying attention to half of the climax
you're talking about what happens to
Frodo after he realizes he's a terrible
person deep down inside Jack no I'm
talking about like oh this is an
ensemble like the you know this isn't
Frodo story this is eight different
people story yes Frodo and Sam over here
but there's six other main characters
who are doing super heroic and selfless
things okay so I'm giving you I'm
meeting you halfway and say half jaded
all right all right guy rich Evans oh oh
yeah why is rich laughing so much of
this I don't know I find it fun let rich
enjoy his very few non Star Wars
conversations you people you people you
make him do so many Star Wars things let
him have this it's fun to point out that
Lord of the Rings is a jaded the story
about failure and greed corruption it is
but you know that's kind of you know
he's right just because it's jaded
doesn't make it bad yeah I've not said
it's bad because it's jaded yeah
right
oh I do tricks off of those nope nope
didn't do it this time damn it
touken was a world war 1 vet yeah till
Keon was a hardcore man though a token
is also very adamant that the the books
are not are not about the wars even
though you can find you know like you
can piece it together token has been
very very clear it's definitely not
about World War two
Wow gobbledygook says Hasbro films
schedule has a D&D; movie listed in 2021
this hasbro own DMD huh it can't be
right that cannot be right
fun jack have you researched any D&D;
settings like Forgotten Realms
someday a Drizzt or baldur's gate film
could be successful and you might wish
you looked into the franchise before
they were cool shit I'm already into it
man
Hasbro Owens Wizards of the coast how is
that true I didn't know that I did not
know that
well there you go ah interesting I I
think I mean obviously there's there's
amazing stories to be had in Dungeons
and Dragons and much like much like
Marvel has found has kind of found their
stride by uh that was a front foot that
was a frontal oh fuck I'm fucking this
up already so so Marvel one of the
things Marvel has been able to do well
with with their movies is draw from
years of storytelling decades of
storytelling right yeah and they just
pull like the best bits out of 50
fucking years of telling spider-man
stories and D&D; has a possibility of
doing the exact same thing because
obviously people have been running
dungeons since when was it made the 70s
oh yeah I do that on purpose because I
yeah I've died so many times I'm just
starting over the question is how are
you going to do it that doesn't seem
generic how are you gonna do a D&D; rise
well and a lot of D&D; is based off of
Tolkien's universe stuff you know orcs
and Rangers and elves and dwarves and
halflings right like so much of it is
hard-coded Lord of the Rings already how
do you make a D&D; property stand out as
D
that's the clue that way that would be
if I was working it has four if I was
you know working a producer on this
movie that would be my number one
priority you might have to find somebody
with a vision who's willing to give it
its own feel right you kind of have to
invent it well and you know you'd have
to like you'd have to talk to prominent
people in the community who have been
DMing and running dungeons and like hey
you know give me your stories give me
like what has worked well for you like
you find that just that right story and
then you have to give it to a director
who's going to make it look different
than the Lord of the Rings yabbies right
yeah it's that's a that would be a
really tricky task the old dandy cartoon
I mean you probably haven't because
because of the we've talked earlier the
age difference between us is just enough
yeah just enough ran for like a season
or two but there was a Saturday morning
DMD fair - really yeah yeah good for
modern-day kids much much like a role
playing group yeah I go to some kind of
carnival and the magic ride or whatever
it is ends up taking them to the
Dungeons & Dragons world
hahaha and the dungeon master was this
little Yoda guy give him all their own
magic weapons and then they go on
adventures trying to find their way home
not a bad premise I liked it when I was
a kid
interesting yeah I'll look that up
I gotta look that up no uh well and you
know that you might I know there was a
ton of success with Jumanji - welcome to
the jungle
yeah which is you know a lot of that
premise the kids sucked into a video
game
okay do you go that right so you go a
little comedy dungeons of dragons
obviously last times this dragons had
Marlon Wayans in it for comic relief I
didn't work out too well
you're saying you emphasize the D&D;
session right maybe hmm maybe a terrible
idea what you do kind of do a modern
take on the D&D; cards it would get
compared to Jumanji is the only real
issue right unless you use it as a weird
framing device okay where the story's
taking place it's like like kinda like
The Princess Bride the characters are
doing their own thing in the story but
every now and then you cut to like the
kids playing at the game well I would I
roll I'm gonna attack them roll for
initiative then you have you have like
the occasional like critical fail joke
like critical fail you roll the one and
the guy in the guy in the when you go
back to the fatty setting and like trips
over his own sword or something that's
it
The Princess Bride yeah cuz the Princess
Bride is just a story being told you
know right grandpa to son and right you
get you get nice light-hearted moments
that break up any anything real but the
story of The Princess Bride is still
very real yeah you figured it out that's
exactly how you do it you start with you
start with the kids you know like like
the credit sequence is like you know
really close-up shots of little
miniatures and the kids set you know
like dice rolling and you hear like just
background chatter of the kids starting
their adventure and then you just go
into the adventure and then every once
in a while you get and yeah it's like
one of the kids from stranger things or
whatnot you know like a popular kid
doesn't have to work too hard the item
they have to get is a magic gem that has
20 sides
well no that's the way you you you have
it's the same shape as like the 20-sided
die but you know wouldn't you when
you're in the fantasy oh it's all glowy
and like a gym yeah oh so they're not
looking for a dime but I'm looking for a
dye they're looking for a gym yeah this
happens to be shaped sure 20-sided die
oh I love that yeah that's a brilliant
idea
and then you can get away you can get
away with any adventure you want and you
keep it light-hearted and and you can
always pull back to the kids that's it I
mean congratulations you figured it out
oh I don't even remember that that was
the last that was like the next to last
Futurama movie wasn't it where they had
the D&D; adventure I guess they were
looking for a d20 oh all right so maybe
you don't do that well no but you put
like you have like a temple and it has
all like different die shapes all over
it you know the cube of agamotto the the
hexagon no of flug Aman ya know that's
great because I think you know for for
any of these properties the the
important thing to do is to keep it to
keep it light-hearted yep you know if
you take D and D - seriously you're
gonna end up in some bad water you're
gonna end up in cheesy territory instead
of instead of schlock Territorian you
want to you want to go schlock
self-aware schlock
yeah I love that I love that Princess
Bride that's exactly right
South Park has done this D and shit
already D and D shit already oh I guess
nobody can do with that oh you're right
you're right oh god damn it
Oh mind never mind insightful comment
withdrawn chat everything's been done
everything has been done there are very
few new ideas in fact didn't South Park
to a whole episode on that yeah not how
everything's been done and it's okay to
redo things okay come on man come on no
I think I think your way gets rid of all
the problems it gets rid of the generic
problem it takes care of the possibly
taking itself too seriously problem make
a kid-friendly yeah you've already
you've already figured it out
shit shit shit
slow down slow down slow down thank you
that's the way to do it so Hasbro by the
way yeah
give us a call we're we're available for
consultations yeah
that's news to me ah but you know I
guess Hasbro's a big company they own a
lot of things I guess I I guess to me
like just D&D; has been around for so
long I'm surprised to anyone owns them
you know what all somebody owns
everything somebody owns everything well
you know like gear you know the Gary
Gygax incorporated doesn't over him you
know it's like oh it's it's like when
did Wizards of the coast buy them I mean
right I'm sure he retired whatever sure
oh yeah no but it's it almost seems to
me like you know I got that local coffee
shop you go to you you love it so much
and you know and what it what a great
little neighborhood Joe and then you
find out that it's owned you know it's
like a subsidiary of Starbucks oh yeah
but I mean these are the Tom's
toothpaste Thomas to whatever is this
little homegrown toothpaste that so its
own better people do best now is that
true yeah
goddamnit toms get your shit together
they had a black licorice toothpaste for
a while
yeah my was my that was my opinion yeah
black licorice are based I mean I'm
gonna say interesting but be horrified
some better first stunt I need a goddamn
he'll need a hill for a stunt rich I'm
sorry I need to do one stunt so I can
get a clean landing I know I need more
of a hill and you go down hill oh here
we go maybe that would build up some
speed cuz I got to do I have to do a
stunt and I get a clean landing whatever
I could I don't fuck around too much if
you take too long
you lose the the level okay the hood the
entire level you have to get to the boss
the little skull circle before before
sundown Oh correction
correct okay rich wife spreading lies do
you work for the Colgate cooperation and
you were hoping to you were hoping to
throw crest under the bus figured me out
you're your shill for for Colgate
corporation incorporated rich Evans
you'll do anything for money
so will I by the way if anyone's hiring
anything for enough money
thank Abrash says if you played any good
board games lately Jack just got back
from game night at a bar lots of good
stuff played the new jurassic park game
and target is a really fun family game
hmm
Jax Jax but in D&D; when I have been in
D&D; land
I've been diving deep into in deal and
in fact nights we haven't been playing
or nights I haven't been DMing my
children have taken up the MA
now but yeah well you know started with
it with the older one who like as soon
as we got done with our first dungeon
like wanted to make his own all right go
ahead make his own we did his and you
know obviously a little rough but but
decent like a lot of fun puzzles a lot
of good stuff and then because the older
brother did it the younger brother
needed to do it and his dungeon the
younger brothers dungeon was a little
rougher it was basically 100% combat
yeah because that's all he cared about
though the interesting thing is like he
actually he drew out a little map and
everything that is you know he's six
right the dread a little map he actually
like wrote down all the appropriate
dungeon master stuff so he like figured
out his end though it was 99% combat
there was one very strange things he put
in like these pools and and like you
like every is every room had a little
pool in it he called it a like a pool
and goes and there's a symbol at the
bottom of the pool and it looks like
this okay and and so you know my wife
goes um okay I bend down and I take a
drink from the pool and he goes that's
one HP take it off its post poisoned and
we're like wow pools poisoned what the
fuck and so then like you know we're
figure I wants to do with this pool and
all sudden I go all right I step into
the pool and he goes you get one HP
and a superpower and it gave me like a
magical like standing in the pool gave
you a magical power but drinking from it
poison do you know where the fuck did
you come up with that like howdy
was there a hint oh no no no it wasn't a
hit but more so I'm just thinking like
how do you think about a poison pool
that gives you a superpower you know I
just thought it was the
Judis thing like and the most
off-the-wall stuff so so so you know if
we've been just hardcore game being
although we did play a couple rounds of
munchkin have you ever played munchkin
with you we play a lot of board games
because we've been in the D&D; mode
munchkin is a very you know DNV
referential like now I'm trying to think
of a superhero that got their powers in
the cool poison he's gonna try and throw
one right in your face but I couldn't
think of one fasten I still can't think
of on the chance saying the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles but that's not true
at all turtles got their superpowers
from master splinter the turtles in fact
don't have super power that's correct
they have years of training that's
correct yeah
for all we know the turtles are just you
know kind of people strength people who
who have spent the last 16 years every
day of their life training to be ninja
yes I see so they're just very capable
humans no that's like they have a
disability they're trained in than just
to agile martial arts yet they got that
awkward fucking shell right their
mobility is limited that they're working
with a disability that's true and still
making the best of it
which TMNT universe am i referring to
pretty much all of them unless unless
I'm mistaken on anything what are the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles superpowers
yeah as you see them what are the turtle
superpowers because they're not regular
yeah okay they're not regular turtles
yes they have a mutation they have that
is super-powered relative to a human
being right it's not they don't have
super strength if you were fingers you
weren't told
mutation does not necessarily equal a
superpower they can hide their head in a
shell to avoid a cannon that's a turtle
power that's not a superpower hardship
yeah see you guys have proven the points
pretty lame superpowers they have no
superpowers this they're just impeccably
trained ninja exactly so they get their
superpowers from Master Splinter over
the course of 16 years yes agreed rich
hardcore gree well no and so like that's
I was I kept on trying to think of like
what story did you read to to uh you
know to add that to you to your game
where you know the water is poison
unless you stand in it and then you get
a superpower and I couldn't honestly not
think of one in the new series the
turtles will have magic powers well in
the new series Raphael is also gonna be
the leader so what the fuck does that
thing know nothing nothing yeah in the
new season they can throw fireballs yeah
new season probably won't count then how
about that throwing around eating
massive amounts of pizza as a superpower
I I know plenty of people who who uh you
know you know the original comics
they're not Pizza crazy oh yeah yeah Wow
pretty kid-friendly things yeah so I can
see that like being a cartoon thing yeah
right they have the the turtles have the
exact same superpower as Batman has
which is years of training
luckily they got their training for free
because they don't have any money
Batman paid a lot of money for his
training can't winner use a super ninja
super ninja astral projection power
alright I don't know what the fuck
cartoon that's from but I'll let you
this Master Splinter probably taught it
to him so once again they get their
superpowers from Master Splinter and
intense training
agree I think you're just people are
confusing like their mutation with
superpowers in general yeah but if the
patient just gets them to a point where
they can kind of be like normal people
that's all the mutation does that's true
that's true I think I I think if they
were just kids like if they were just
you know kids being raised in the sewers
because why not with would buy a giant
rat they would still have the exact same
training yeah
they probably wouldn't shoes deliver the
supers they wouldn't know any better if
you're born in the sewers you think
that's a lot all right and then they
well you know so that would be their
stories when they were when they became
16 they finally left the sewers and like
there's a whole world up here Master
Splinter why do we have arguments over
trivial things this is an argument this
is just fun this is a fun conversation
we're just having a good time yeah
worse we're speculating about the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles it's just a
good time
what about Donatello superintelligence
another cartoon thing by the way and I
don't think that's a super power granted
by mutation I just think he's supposed
to be smart well I suppose it kind of is
granted bud mutation because otherwise
we're just gonna dump totally sure if
you want to account that'll tell those
intelligence is something that a super
intelligent than fine hmm
but but another cartoon thing in that
original comic book that I I don't know
if that I mean I guess you're right like
he's just a turtle and turtles aren't
that smart but I also just think that's
studying you know that's true I I don't
he that's true even you know in the
cartoons or you know in the new cartoon
or whatever he's just the one who's
always reading that's not that's not
that's not a superpower this is Jericho
Trey he's just a learning man turtle you
know doctors don't have superpowers they
have studying and training
but I'm talking about superpowers I know
they started office turtles but I'm
talking about something that a human
being can't do but a human being can to
do yeah right they can lift 2,000 pounds
that give us nothing they can see
through walls yes they can fly a
superpower you know a superpower yeah
would the turtles be at all useful in a
fight if it weren't for Master Splinter
teaching them to be awesome ninjas the
answer is of course the answer is no
they would get beat up like any other
schmuck in a fight
they might they might fare a little bit
better as you know they have the shells
yep so
the turtles were more durable and strong
than normal men
where's Merce anywhere is it said that
they are stronger than normal
where's that ever been said they're
making shit up bitch they're just making
shit up we're just making shit up like
it's the truth
and you know what if the turtles did
have superpowers like they have a super
strong better just make them less
interesting ah maybe maybe yeah you you
think it would be more interesting than
fighting super power and having
superpowers fighting someone like
shredder who does not well say that's
where that maybe comes in it's like yeah
who are they fighting what you're
villains to be strong and intimidating
and and you're heroes to have to fight
against the odds yes and if the turtles
are four dudes with superpowers beating
up a man who trained really hard that's
just kind of sad not as heroic well if
you put it that way
you know I mean the shredder trained all
his life work very hard to be as tough
and as strong and skilled as he is yeah
he gets beat up by four dudes who are
basically on steroids get some weight
you have laser eyes shit what how am I
supposed to deal with this how my voice
wasn't run my evil empire I trained all
my life and it was guitar Oh Alt Delete
I trained all my life and discipline
myself we stumbled into radioactive
waste how awkward
where are the turtles ever shown to be
stronger than his human humans who have
trained for sixteen years in the martial
arts when when has that ever been a
thing yeah like they can punch hard
because they've been trained and they
they have muscles because they work out
all the time but you know like rake you
could go down the street and see a dude
with muscles who punches hard right now
have they ever like they can jump 50 or
more feet into the air spin faster than
the eye can see withstand incredible I
don't think they do anything though that
other kart - ninjas can't do I've been
doing shit that like the Foot Clan and
shredder can do because of their
training I see what they're saying
though I see what they're saying I get
it
effortlessly leaping from building to
building I think that shit in their
world that just highly trained ninjas
are supposed to be able to do of which
they are one yes
and that's the real thing is that that's
like canonically ninja shit that's where
we get into a little bit of a fuzzy area
between like the the laws of a cartoon
and the laws of oh shit the laws of a
cartoon and the laws of superhero stuff
you know I get it I wanted to get a
little bit further that what's the point
of playing this game guys skip the Pat
have to have so the point is to get
through all four worlds and if I skip
some of the obstacles I won't die and I
thought I could get two more worlds but
I can't I can't do it I just can't do it
rich
bebop and rocksteady could rip street
signs out of concrete they were the same
type of use they're the villains and
it's okay if they're strong I don't know
that the turtles have ever been
portrayed as strong like that though
because of mutation like I said any any
universe where you give the tea and TMNT
superpowers just diminishes their
greatest villain shredder and I don't
know why you would ever want to do that
oh yeah you have it you have like I
don't know I don't know what you get out
of the turtles having superpowers in
addition to just their training you get
toy lines is what you get it's instead
of just selling a turtle with the sword
you get to sell a turtle with you know
fire fist action and and you get a whole
new toy line out of that which is all
these people are hoping for anyway but
but yeah you're right it's like there's
escalation where if I got so close that
one time
there's escalation where if the turtles
have super powers then shredder needs
super fun oh nice look I got up on the
roof I did it if the turtles need to
have super powers then shredder needs uh
needs to have super powers too right
he doesn't he doesn't but he has to he
should orange is not as heroic when they
beat the shit off I like that too
I like that's here just beating up an
old man just the turtles beating up an
old man
it's already not heroic when they beat
the shit out of shredder it's four on
one that's true but they have
superpowers that just makes it that much
worse now but you shredder wins because
he's way more badass than the Turtles
even four on one so then it's okay
get caught up cuz I'm just fucking
around nom Chevalier kill you let's just
cover says if not for dalam Sam would be
forced to kill Frodo in order to destroy
the ring then he probably would have
jumped into the volcano out of the grief
yeah that would be so much better than
surprise boo berry or you just write
something different entirely I don't
know what you could do but I'm just I
didn't cared that much I'm not saying
they shouldn't do it I'm kidding I'm
just pointing out things right now
oh no and that is a cynical moment of
Lord of the Rings we can all agree with
that no and I do actually like your idea
of Sam not killing Frodo but at least
having to harm him yeah like Sam having
to cut off his cut off his finger to get
the ring yeah that would have been an
interesting character moment and and you
know what actually then then Frodo
having to leave the Shire just because
like he knew he knows he had to fight
Sam at the end it would make a lot more
sense like man that ring really fucked
me up man I'm like you did the right
thing but I can't how do you how do you
look at me I can't look at me right so
that actually would make a lot more
sense it's it's all fine and I don't I'm
not insisting they changed the ending
it's all fine it was just a fun goddamn
conversation no you're just saying that
the Tolkien is a hack and all of his
work is worthless now right
and get it I want to find this I can't I
can't stay up on the roof the roof won't
let me stay up on here that's really
upsetting to me why don't you go outside
and write a real bike because you'd
break your neck doing shit like this
yeah like it's fun though the stunts the
downhill action this is this is a game
that I've really been enjoying like just
sticking sticking on for like ten
minutes at a time or so let's go down
some hills have some fun though I do
want to stay on this roof
captain president says the gamers
darkness rising through 2008 work pretty
well as deem deep type movie that
followed the players into the
role-playing game I've never heard the
gamers what the gamers darkness rising
darkness rising ok the gamers dorkness
rising what's a good Lord of the Rings
game shadow Mordor is pretty good
oh we're caught up shadow mortars fine
it's a fine game yeah was that the first
one in the second one first one yeah
shadow Mordo is a fine game also I
remember the the two towers game for the
ps2 okay being being just the B's
fucking knees do you remember that
there's a two towers game that I
remember being the absolute best and you
got to choose whether you were Gimli or
Legolas or or Aragorn and you got to
fight in the Battle of Helm's Deep and
it was great but yeah shadow Mordor I
remember like because it's its base it's
Batman style combat okay yeah right
shadow Mordor really nice yes Dolph the
Nemesis system where you got to track
down the captains yeah yeah there's some
good spring there's some absolutely good
stuff in there
two towers a game was pretty legit two
towers game I remember that game being
really legit now is the point of the
stream in which we thank all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very extreme much like poor Lane
choices I last 1984 / s 436
motherfucking bulbs yeah no it's
motherfucking wasn't a rope we have so
many things we're adding on now it's
confusing uh-huh it's great it's just
confusing god damn it's great
it's completely out of hand it's great
juubi sandwich for 13 months in a row
who says just another month to thank you
both so I can do it again in another
month say rich yeah I had a talk with a
volunteer at a convention that Star Trek
generations holds up better than first
contact
well I always hated first contact so I'm
probably not the best person to ask
I think either a particularly good but I
think I've always liked generations more
than first contact so well there you go
but neither mister elephants for 20
fucking months in a row who wants to
know what we think about fallout 76 what
the teaser oh and we don't really care
about the follow universe so sorry fine
universe I've played many of the games
if you obviously don't care that much
because you haven't played games that's
what I'm saying we just don't care no we
don't we don't care for it why do I hate
first contact they ruined the board not
that the board should have been dragged
out much after best of both worlds
anyway it's a stupid action movie they
shit all over
card just turning him to a dumb yelling
savage jerk when they already dealt with
his boring issues in the series and a
much better more meaningful way
everything about it is horrible it's
it's the moment when Star Trek to the
general audiences became dumb action
mm-hmm Star Trek not mean dumb action
God blows things up yep it was it was
the turning point
hmm there you go I despise it it did
ruin the board adding the board queen
getting sucked into the hive mind you're
one of them now they're just mindless
drones no the Queen's in charge just a
mindless drop yeah and the Queen has
clear needs and wants and can negotiate
yeah yeah like the fact that you could
negotiate with the Borg ruined the board
that was the thing about the board
they're the unstoppable massive of
everything and nothing even even then I
really think the Borg should have been
used sparingly like hardly ever after
you did the best of both worlds couple a
couple of times here and there if you
have a unique take on it sure every time
they bring them back it just waters them
down more and more as a threat unless
you do like a big Borg storyline how
many how many times can you do the
unstoppable threat that nobody could
stop oh we beat them how many times you
can you do that before the unstoppable
threat really doesn't seem all that
fucking unstoppable anymore you just
ruin the Borg you can do it one more and
more every time you drag them out and
have to fight them what what I could see
and obviously they didn't do this but
what I could see happening is to get the
best of both worlds right now we know
the Borg are here they're a threat oh my
god right then you get your sporadic
Borg episodes like the cutest no no that
was that was the best of both worlds oh
that's right that was pre card the best
use of the Borg outside of that best of
both worlds was Hume Hume was that see
what his name when you have a unique
neat spin that is not just we have to
fight them right something like that you
can bring the Borg back when you have a
neat idea you know what you do Hugh and
then maybe
you pepper in a few more and then you
get like a four-part er that's like the
big the board's episode but here's the
that was the best of both worlds that
was the huge thing that was like what
one Borg ship yes right and so then you
do your big Borg thing that either that
either that takes care of it you can I
think you can get more out of the board
no no that's just a bigger Dumber
version of what they did with the one
ship that was itself was unstoppable
right but you've all you've also
introduced into the universe an entire
new race and new culture and people want
to explore that more they just fucked it
up you could go to a Borg world I think
you could go to the Borg homeworld no
I'm good
okay I think and not fuck it up Jack
that's marketing talking as a fan of
next-gen I want to see more of the Borg
but I want to see it done well you know
the fleet of Borg ships would have just
been the Dumber bigger louder sequel
right oh you you do know that I think
there's a way that could have been done
well you can do a thing where they have
to visit the borg homeworld to sneak
around and do something without having
it be we have to fight the ships right
aggghhhhh I agree I agree but like the
board homeworld would have been great
but you have to be clever about how you
use the Borg smirk and not just you
gotta fight him and boom boom boom right
and every time you do that it makes the
Borg less and less threatening I agree
utterly utterly diminished yeah yeah cuz
they don't they don't they don't have
like a culture or a personality to make
up for not being strong like you can
beat the Romulans but if no Romulans
have like personalities and you could
you can have different characters
there's different political things
different ploys different plots right
right
but the board were largely a one-trick
pony
I feel I feel like there there's there's
a few more tricks in there I feel like
there is yeah it was called first
contact and it sucked well that was a
better help it only helped ruin the
board listen it's not much of a like
anyone can shit their pants that's not a
trick rich that's a first contact one
they go they went like this it was them
going tada
ultimately what defeated the board was
Boober II know ultimately what defeated
the board was smart people exploiting a
design flaw
I forget how best of both worlds ends
the sleep command they kidnap a card and
they figure out their the Borges great
strength their hive mind is also their
weakness they implanted a command for
sleep which caused all of the Borges to
go into a rest cycle and they were
momentarily helpless thanks they did
they did clever smart things to beat the
board because they had to because they
couldn't overpower them alright I like
it yeah I like it I like it
we got here we got turbo Dangerfield for
15 months in a row who's his jack you
mentioned the game lovers in a dangerous
space-time the other day yes I played
through the whole thing with my kids
that we loved it
fYI it makes a great game while drinking
I doubt that I would only imagine we
would all get very mad at each other but
yeah no we had a good time playing bad
we played through that whole whole game
we are down here at Kaiser Hawk the pale
hunter who says there is no such thing
as innocence only degrees of guilt
Jaden are you so jaded that's a jaded
comment pail hunter chrono
KT Lloyd beats for 45 motherfucking
months in a row beer coaster for 20
fucking months in a row says thanks for
letting us experience some classic
Sierra games I missed out on them when
they were new me too
they're fun the fun man Inc easy 99 421
fucking months in a row who says another
Oh another anniversary in Spain
that bear did don't bear to tell me yeah
is that right
bear to toe that's how I pronounce it ad
no jest for 20 fucking months in a row
who says love the stream but I am sick
of all the Star Wars talk okay we did
great we did we did Lord of the Rings we
did Dungeons & Dragons we did Star Trek
we did a whole like a like a fucking
gradient of geek culture over here
besides Star Wars it was great until I
go see solo and then Sunday we got to
talk about that a little bit
I'll see Deadpool you want to know what
that well I can deal with that so good
movie that Deadpool is not something
that's like I'm avoiding that just never
gotten around him it's Karen I'm give a
fuck about Washington right right let's
see here so go fuck yourself Chad
anyways
have you heard there's a new duke nukem
game called Bulletstorm you will love it
it's just like vanquish okay sure you're
naked
Loki no boo Jade Falcon says now the
question is this did you read my name
how I mistyped it or I meant it to type
it oh oh my god dyslexia strikes again
and but for the benefit of mankind
you saved you saved era noble Jade
beckylyn vari r77 who says 428 fucking
months in a row who says thanks for all
years of entertainment could sirs uh
very only written but which one you
really ready okay I'm at the barber
metal nips
sir kosis sure Oh for fuck's sake
madam people just be called Dave fuck
you know what Dave Dave says I just
finished watching the first part of
space quest 3 stream just in time to sub
during the second part Jack watch video
by Linda beige titled the coming
revolution in role play games oh it's a
question did you watch that there's a
question mark after oh no I didn't see
that particular one that title doesn't
ring a bell with me I did watch so many
of them though so I could have fantastic
tips about pen and paper RPGs
oh well roll my plate I will look into
that
Linda bitch Linda beige - Dax for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says Sierra games for life
exclamation point 1 1 1 yeah Paul
Verhoeven
this idk swagalicious pipes on Oh were
you Z Brandon 1 Davis Denzel Washington
for 20 fucking months in a row wrong
water this hard-hitting question here
yeah what do you think the sound of a
cow pissing on a flat rock is in space
exactly like this
that's exactly what it sounds like space
Comeau 445 motherfucking months in a row
is 182 just just going to recommend Orcs
Must Die to is grindy compared to one
yeah I think what works was the one fan
you are before starting to live yeah
we're at least Lucas Ducas 32 fucking
months in a row obese Maurice Cody
Yeager little Cody EV Cody Avenue one
yes sure courtiers her Eames L who says
thanks for all the chat and laughs lad
perks up my otherwise boring week keep
her lit razor blade hat judge a blonde
one and firm scissor punch thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it is a rather silly name do you think
do you think I wonder if there was
anything written about about Star Wars
when it first came out and some was like
I just couldn't watch it
his name was Skywalker and I just that's
too silly for me it happened right I'm
sure I'm sure
yeah no one's gonna believe a hero with
the name of sky walk those are all
ridiculous when you first hear them oh
you get used to them that's fine Leia
Ortega or Tonga what's her last name
no wait what's your last name
or Britain or Tonga or God
