Apr 22, 2018
God of War
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254580850
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254584606
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254586793
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI2Etq_A03U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFWp2Jx0jc0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLoCum1oRJg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/988135239640809472

[Part I]
the audience now there's now they hear
nothing here's hey everybody
presumably yeah I see levels do you get
levels down ah ba ba ba ba and sound
great
okay so what's going on something I
pointed out to Richard just before we
started streaming and something you will
notice is there is a black bar around
the border of God of War
so what's setting did we get wrong so
right and so I started going into the
settings here see see this in the
setting but point out oh sure that's not
the stream no cuz watch what happens if
I go to the PlayStation menu it fills up
the whole screen and land here on our TV
as you can see rich it fills up the
whole screen right yeah so then we go
back into God of War and the borders
back isn't that strange
is there setting in the game oh well so
so I this is what I this was the first
20 minute my first 20 minute experience
with God of War so you know you go into
settings here right and you see you see
maybe it's in video yeah sometimes you
have to change the expert so Oh screen
calibration that's obviously yeah right
no that's just brightness that's just a
bright
just brightness so so not screen
calibration motion blur film grain
graphics mode can't do anything because
I don't have a ps4 Pro resolution there
is no resolution option oh that's right
you're playing on a console playing on a
console so there's no so I looked into
it this is a known graphical glitch with
a brand-new triple-a title crazy right
this is a hard one to miss this is a
hard one which they've already put out
one patch to try to fix it I have that
patch currently installed and it didn't
work
what if you start the game oh that's a
great question here so so I know what
you think oh maybe that's just in the
menu right so let's start the game
still still there pretty minor for
launch day bugs though it it's I I do
consider it very minor because
eventually you don't notice while you're
playing the game but it's weird it's a
big bug to happen right out the gate and
is this because they were developing
with the PS pro 4 Pro in mind and not
worried about us
plebeians with the regular ps4 or what I
don't know I don't know why this but
this this but here so look it's still
there in game quite strange and now it's
all I'm gonna be able to see for the
first like 10 to 20 minutes it's all
you're gonna be able to see eventually
they blur strange they don't show that
in any of the trailers but again watch
it you know like if I go to the ps4 menu
full screen it is just a bug with God of
War it has nothing to do with the ps4
settings it's just god of war isn't that
the craziest yeah that is the craziest
it's the crazy thing what's the bug it
the black changed the display settings
in the ps4 settings right okay so that's
I I've tried this as well but let's go
through this on stream okay so people
can see so you know we'll go we'll go to
settings here right and we go down to do
doooo sound in screen right and so then
we go display area settings right but oh
is that it and was this really it
applications will be displayed in the
boxed area oh maybe this is it is the
glitch thank god of war sets since that
setting maybe Oh could I have been wrong
this whole time
hold on oh fuck you that was it
I have been recording all of his
gameplay footage because I didn't code
because God of War should have fixed
that why was it like that all my
gameplay footage that I've recorded so
far has had that black box why should I
have to change that Jack is never right
how would I have known that where did I
go before the chat is saying they're
never right I'm never right ever about
anything rich Jack Jack's play era what
do you know what you were right
when was I right uh you were right last
stream
what's newer right Lester no first of
all I'm never writing them especially
never right on stream I know that to be
true okay for one unrelated yeah kind of
feeling ill yeah so this might be a
short stream I'm not feeling ill okay I
am feeling you are you've been kind of
ill all weekend I haven't I haven't had
much of an appetite yeah but I am going
to eat some crow right now oh I'm gonna
eat I'm gonna I'm gonna eat some crow
eat it we last stream we were talking
about the problem with the pool the the
the documentary the problem with the
problem of the pool yeah and I I was
being a big dummy dum-dum
I I was I was being stubborn and stupid
which is a bad combination
yeah well you were you were making some
assumptions and you yeah that's that's
it but also I mean the Simpsons I spent
on the air but close to 30 years a long
ass time at The Simpsons was a part of
my childhood sure my my teenage years my
formative years mm-hmm
and my young adulthood absolutely it's
those were the glory years of The
Simpsons before it became bad before it
became what it is now right and I I have
I have mentioned on the stream before
that you shouldn't you shouldn't live in
your echo chamber you should not live in
your you should you should you should
listen to at least listen to what the
other side has to say if they're being
reasonable sure and I absolutely did not
I can do that what I absolutely did not
fucking do that at all
why didn't you do that rich Simpsons I
love I love short circuit I do I do
speaking of people who are non-indian
and dress up like Indians I I watched
those movies like all the fucking time
when I was 10 years old yeah I would
wear the fucking tape out yeah Oh short
for short circuit anyway I I wasn't
willing to listen to it and we got into
it last stream and you were absolutely
right and I was being absolutely
bullheaded and it sat with me wrong okay
like that stream and that I'm like that
that did not feel right at all okay and
and fer for those of you who weren't
there last room basically all I was
saying was oh the problem with the poo
is a decent little documentary and you
know I thought it was pretty fair
even-handed I was just kind of blowing
you off
yeah I wasn't willing I wasn't even
willing to listen to it okay and so
after the stream I'm like that was
really dumb yeah and what I did was I'm
like I'm the fucking man up I at least
owe it to watch this fucking documentary
yeah and I watched the problem with the
poo put I can't I can't refute it
I thank you it's a feud at once once you
compare a pool yeah to blackface and I I
can't say that's a poo is significantly
different I can't do it you can't you
can't he makes some very fair points in
that documentary I don't I don't
necessarily agree with all of it
obviously be just because I'm coming
from a different perspective but yeah I
just thought it was really even Hana and
rich I think that's that's really big of
you I have to I have to be immature I
have to admit what I'm wrong and when
I'm being stupid I was being stupid well
there you go yeah and you know during
during that stream you know there was a
there was a lot of back-and-forth and
some people were asking whether or not
they they address what to do with the
pool at this point you know because it
cuz like you said Simpson has been
around forever he's like he's a legacy
character at this point and you know if
it were up to me and I guess
we never really talked about this if it
were up to me I don't think I would
change it like if I were in charge of
the Simpsons what I would do what I
would do though is address the problem
in some way besides how the Simpsons did
it I think I still think they totally
mishandled their response to the
documentary and just saying yeah what
are you gonna do honestly rich I thought
you were just doing the schtick it's a
little of column a a little of column B
okay I when I string with your jack yeah
you are you are such a fucking goody
two-shoes you are such a fucking nice
family man it becomes really easy for me
to do the connect like what's the comic
opposite of oh sure
why string with Jack my Grouch factor
goes way up and I guess it started that
was a little bit exaggerated sure sure
with with my dislike but I really wasn't
giving the problem with your shot yeah
okay I think that's fair I I'm just you
know I'm happy I'm happy that you
eventually don't fuck you I'm happy you
eventually did give it a shot good
subject makes rich more grouchy yeah but
it's like a fun I'm fucking with Jack
grouchy we have a we have a we have a
back and forth that way if which is
slightly more grouchy and you know when
Jack says something nice and
good-natured I I think it's fun
did you shit on that oh well and you
know so no I'm fucking with hey we know
we know each other so I know there's a
bit of a stick and hopefully everyone
who watches knows that it's nothing here
is is incredibly personal but outside of
me being extra grouchy on stream I
really wasn't even listening to the that
other side of the arguing with the
problem of the pool okay
I owed it to myself tonight I guess
good on you right
good idea hey so this is got a war and
by the way by the way my solution to the
Simpsons problem oh yeah what are you do
the show hasn't been good in 20 years
just not making the show it's not this
is not really a problem that needs
fixing that's not it's not a problem
that needs fixing the problem is why are
they still making the Simpsons oh you
know what I didn't even think about that
right yeah you're absolutely right it's
like let's just hey good job everyone
we're gonna call it a day
we're not gonna end we're not gonna end
before the show gets bad but we're just
gonna end we're just gonna end and
hopefully everyone can just remember
when the show was good that's something
everyone agrees with by the way that the
Simpsons it hasn't been good in 20 years
nice where are we at hey by the way you
know what this game desperately
desperately needs
what motion assisted aiming I as
everyone knows I've been playing a ton
of breath of the wild and I have really
gotten used to motion assisted aiming
and this game doesn't have it to that I
know of course I say that and someone's
gonna be like you know you can change it
in the menu right I'm gonna I'm gonna
keep my eyes out can you change that can
i settings can I get motion assisted
aiming because I really want him I got
really used to motion assisted aiming
it's in the menu god damn it I don't
think it is they could just be fucking
with you i gameplays or a gameplay ok
balanced experiences is the difficulty
I'm playing a by the way camera you can
set Auto aiming for the X yeah I have
like Amos this is what he doesn't want
auto though he wants motion I want
motion aiming yeah which I use in breath
of the wild all the time yeah it makes
aiming palpable
is that word a metaphor palpable
palatable palatable thank you it makes
aiming palliative palpable is like
something a spider would do palpable yes
it makes it makes aiming tolerable is
another way to say that for for
controller aiming great so this isn't
have got a warp and God of War has a
mule newer type axe which is actually
pretty sweet you can throw your axe and
when you throw your actually can fight
with your fists and then you can call
your axe back to you it's kind of cool
look at throw your Oh Oh throw your axe
call it back you got your kid
there's your kid to try you and your kid
shoots some stuff and and you punch some
stuff shit I let myself on fire and this
is a game I'm fry I think I'm about 5 or
6 hours in to the game and
oh look we get a big fight we get a big
fight for the stream that's a kid
oh my god he's gonna rip off my fucking
arm
we can play a bit of a drinking game I'm
not doing any of this
by the way that was a just a cutscene
the colors weird or is it just me
what do you mean something I think so
yeah kids pastel arms just stand out
he's got a red pin oh I know it looks
weird I gave him I gave him a new outfit
okay it's not the outfit that comes to
default and the brightness might be so
high but you're probably doing that the
sake of the stream running away and you
are how far into the game J five hours I
said like five ish showers maybe a
little bit more I don't really remember
I don't really know just because you
know I've been playing
I'm probably gonna lose this fight but
hey that that happens
that fuck you so anyway the drinking
game is how many times it's very obvious
that the writer is putting himself in
the place of our son and wants to prove
himself to his father
that's the drinking game with this
alright
took care of all his lackeys
nope all right about this nope
about this nope retrieve button yeah
it's like it's like me old newer where
it always comes back to you we only are
gonna be in the game I think I mean
they've talked about Thor actually you
know what they they called out meal norm
and and so you can also aim and tell
your kid to shoot at them Oh Oh what I
rolled I'm gonna die so you can also
tell your kid like shoot there shoot
there
it's not
it's not like it's not full bloodborne
which is really upsetting like your role
doesn't like work exactly like you think
it wouldn't like their I really thought
I rolled out of his way but apparently
yeah anyway but it's like it's just
close enough to blood-borne where you
really want that role to be blood-borne
and it's not can the kid die no no the
kid can not die
I know everyone calls this escort
mission the game and that's very untrue
damn it
so they talk about Thor in the game they
do talk about throwing the game it's
it's uh did they talk about the hammer
specifically yes they mentioned mule
NORs decision that's how they pronounce
it I've always curious about the
pronunciation of this thing how was
pronounced mule nor we all know
something something like that like I was
that was Mjolnir something like that
yeah
okay so you know I'm pronouncing it
close enough okay okay
thank you all right unlike o karna of
time I'm gonna I'm gonna actually go get
a way to figure out the right way to say
it they're gonna be a stickler about
mule New York something that's arguably
the most challenging thing to pronounce
in the history of the world right as we
talked about being having fun being a
grumpy asshole
I enjoy infuriating people who watch
this when I say okarin applause yeah oh
yeah they hate it
oh no I'm dying Oh what did I just do
why do you hate me so much it's not hate
it's it's teasing
it's teasing which is being fun being
fun
so my chance you've never really played
much the original gun I mean yeah I
played the first one all the way through
oh yeah yeah does it feel anything no
okay no got a God of War someone someone
told us this term I I did not this is
not my term but someone said the correct
term once which is you know gotta for is
like a spectacle fighter right it's like
a it's like a Bey it's closer to a
Bayonetta where it's it's all about you
know combos and looking cool and I'm
sucking now that I'm playing on
streaming here's the thing though I wait
way back in the day yeah now what it
first came out but what I liked what I
found it for a good price used yeah I
bought god of war one okay and I started
playing and I just hit next and those
blade things are just going all over
yeah like happen it's like this is very
button mash II yeah and then I I
couldn't stand the QuickTime events and
so I I never even came close to
finishing it really yeah I was like
Ninja Gaiden was a thing at that point
hahaha sure sure Ninja Gaiden was
fucking awesome and the work the work
QuickTime events and it wasn't quite so
messy
that's fair you do like yeah this is a
very different beast than than the
original God of War got it yeah the God
of War his but Hugh I feel like I'm
rolling away in time what man
all right that was kind of cool so you
know he has a bunch of little enemies
with him and he just picks up one of the
little enemies and floormat me so that
was kind of neat so what what monster is
this an actual mythological thing or
made up I don't know man is this one of
them's our frost giants I don't know
I know I'm almost dead
uh Chad if it feels weird to see me
without a hat it's because like before
this week I was like a month overdue for
my haircut
oh I constantly had the hat on because
sure I was too lazy to get the fucking
haircut no is it explained why he's
suddenly in Norse mythology instead of
Greek
I mean it's explained why he's here yes
I don't I don't know that it's as much
she's in Norse mythology now as much as
his just now he's in that part of the
world yes there we go there we go this
is this is a universe for all the gods
Pantheon's are a thing that would be my
presumption yes you are presuming
correctly you got to get a little bit
better at cleaning out these little guys
their kill got it we got to have a
little more of our health to take on the
big guys so we're gonna we're gonna try
to do a better job here he picks up the
little guys and throws them at me that's
great
you know that's fun
Kevin here when you're losing your hair
the haircut is more important than ever
before because it looks better short yes
that's something we've talked about many
times when you are losing your hair long
hair just makes it all the more obvious
what's going what's going on yes
all right here we go
sorry kid now we can fight the troll
with full health all right let's go
troll
we do have things like you'll see these
yellow circles every once in a while
which are like counter Abba wings and
then they have the red circle which
aren't count durable there we go
someone on the chat wants me to go bald
you've mentioned that many times when I
started watching on Netflix based on
ungood word I'm not very far into it all
is a wild wild country wild wild country
yeah okay
I haven't I haven't gotten in need of
again it's like a six-part documentary
and part one is any any indication
that's all I are long parts so it's a
long thing yeah basically there's this
small like extremely small rural town in
the US Appalachia Falls or something
what's like a town of like under a
hundred people an extremely small town
and occult grooves in in the town the
cult moves into the town and then just
more and more coke people come to town
and eventually the town is like then
ninety percent people who are in this
cult nice I mean not nice like I like
cults like nice like that seems like an
interesting documentary yeah a kid
oh speaking of colds did you I don't
remember her name something something
Mac I think one of the actresses from
Smallville I saw that I want to plague
Chloe
the one who played Chloe or whatever her
name was on Smallville was part of a sex
trafficking cults like the second in
command in a sex trafficking cult a
slash pyramid scheme where once you've
got us and Mac once you got abducted
into the sex trafficking cult you
started off as a slave but then if you
got enough of your own slaves you could
become a master how fucked up is that
what happened to that girl's career man
she was she was working at one point
that's so fucked that is so fucked it
was yeah I read that I was like I
remember watching her on that show
she used to be someone it's yes sex
slave pyramid scheme how does a story
like this affect Smallville web
syndication excellent question I'm being
dead serious you just you just take the
show away for a while
does it come back ever
trying slightly different tactic which
is taking on the monster first and I'm
leaving the guys because my I plan to oh
my god I got a typo here in the stream
title Oh
we're called adventures is babysitting
perfect
that's imperfect jack it's kind of a man
man oh I know that I know I know
fucks up up typing it in me it was me um
I wasn't gonna throw yo to the bullshit
I took that one for you
it was absolutely my fault Ram because
you're such a fuckin goody-goody you
people pushed me out of way I'm trying
to take the hit for you with you can
just jump under the bus yourself that's
right I'm just a decent person right you
fucking goody-goody yes I'm just
generally a decent person
all right the game apparently wanted me
to tackle the big boss first is what
they were telling me what was going
wrong I don't know like you know my
first plan with this fight was was deal
with all of these small guys first and
then tackle the big boss yeah and what
would happen is I would you know take
care of all the small guys and
everything is fine but then the big boss
just seems to be unreasonably hard why
is it different one the guys are still
alive I have no idea but I took care of
the boss no problem when all the other
guys were alive and now I'm taking care
of the guys one by one like I did so
very strange I mean like the boss fight
was still tough but it wasn't
unreasonably tough like it was the other
time which is strange they wanted you to
ride the boss and beat down the small
guys I could do that I read the thing oh
I read the thing no well I'm I'm feeling
under the weather last few days I
haven't I haven't started this game yet
oh okay and I'm not going to talk too
much about like early impressions what
what I am comfortable saying with the
game something I've told you already
rich is so far five six hours in I find
the game to be completely adequate
that's fine for better or worse I do
have quite a bit I want to say about
this game for our full review but so far
I find it perfectly adequate
whatever froze ooi he wanted another all
of us
frozen flame now I can upgrade my axe
are we going to play some Nintendo lab
Oh on stream that's you know what I
didn't even have realized that's out now
yeah the cardboard box thing yeah yeah
cardboard box thingy is out I I can't
imagine we'll get much more than ten
minutes out of it yeah I mean it looks
cute but we might be able to do a stream
of us actually like building the lab oh
stuff and then doing it button makes
your famous person says Jack I'm Jack
don't be afraid to spam boys arrows
he'll make every fight much easier can
you control his arrows you can so you
know you aim your acts like this if you
hold if you hold down okay l2 and so
like that's how you do your throw your
ax but if you press the square button
you could tell the boy where to shoot
okay
and I do often forget that he can do
that but he also does shit on his own
like he'll jump on an enemy's back and
just like it and you know he'll do his
own shit I do not care I do not care
let's go back kid I want to go back I
just got a thing to upgrade my ax and I
just passed a thing before I got here
that uh where I can upgrade my axe so
I'm gonna go do that before I get too
far come on boy we're going back I hope
this isn't too tedious hmm he sounds
like he'll cave he's more like teal key
than Kratos actor playing best of the
worst that little that little climb crag
is laughable breath of the wild yeah
well yes oh no and like all of the
platforming and this is uncharted where
where it's it's just a tube too
get from point A to point B and it is
extra laughable when you get too little
like ankle-deep walls that are that you
can't pass for some reason and it is
very very upsetting coming right from
breath of the wild to this it's like oh
what's up there I'd like to see what's
oh right we can't we can't see what's up
there
as little puzzly sections where where is
the troll it's breath in the wild better
than God of War I haven't played this
one so I can't say but yes I like it
more than I like the first god of war
easily yes listen I I could very much
enjoy this new god of war I could think
this god of war is a very good game and
still breath of the wild would be a
better game because breath the wilds
great breath of the wild is is great and
so even if I liked this one a whole lot
and thought it was a really good game
which I haven't had time to make my full
thoughts on yet breath of the wild is
still a better game because it's breath
of a while right yeah let's do that
I know it has an upgrade that's why I'm
fucking here can I explain why this game
is getting 10 out of 10 I cannot like I
said I'd like this stream might be short
tonight yeah I'm just not feeling good
yeah yeah but that's why I haven't
played it drop it off like a few days
ago actually yeah I wasn't doing much
yesterday that's you know you get sick
you gotta take you gotta take some time
man I'm probably not even gonna get into
it until tomorrow sure can I explain why
it's getting 10 out of 10 no so far I
cannot I have not I haven't hit a point
yet where like anything has been like
wonderful and perfect and this is
everything I've ever wanted from gaming
no so
adequate is my is my early review so far
such a fun game we're just missing out I
mean the plan is to the plan is deploy
and I had a copy right word this is our
next review what is it what is my
illness um I'm slightly feverish a
little bit nauseous yesterday but that
my throat's been fine she's really weird
for me usually when I get sick it
throats the first thing sure I've been
I've been tired I've been what's the
word like listless like just lethargic
oh yeah I have no energy and yet I can't
sleep huh I sleep a few hours and I wake
up and then I can't get back to sleep
I'm sorry that that sounds terrible that
sounds just terrible rich it is that
time of year when stuff is just going
around unfortunately
even either it's a fever or it's just
you know it's just really actually
starting to get warm legitimately yeah
and so I think it's a fever because I
expect it to be fucking 20 degrees out
with eight feet of snow these are all
symptoms of pregnancy it's a miracle you
did it rich I know you've been trying
for so long all right let's move on with
the game
I had to backtrack a little bit to
upgrade my ax also the kid climbs on
your back every time you climb me
it's kind of weird yeah it's kind of
weird drill van says hey rich I watched
some preview Let's Plays of the new
battle tech and it looks pretty good
wondering if you were going to play it
on stream did I get you that code no
reminded chat I mean this this is this
is next time a document oh yeah
know someone was very nice and and
gifted us a code for battle tech
specifically for rich and I have it in
my email and I forgot to give it to him
I plan to check out the back so wait we
did we get a finding on the weather not
the motion aim exists I I assume no I
assume the motion aim does not exist oh
I hope it does it seems like there's a
lot of aiming in this there is a fair
amount of aim yeah fuck yeah fuck but
there's an auto aim right there is yes
alright alright so that's you know means
passable not eggs not I know that eggs
is the command it's it's Battletech
remember battle tank
so where's the kid come from so the the
story of the game and this is not a
spoiler because this is literally the
first seconds of the game is your wife
is dead is it all right
yeah isn't that the first game yeah well
knowing the first game your whole family
is dead so where's this kid coming from
he get a new wife yes he got a new wife
and the kid do is the new wife's and the
wife is dead and the whole game is your
journey you are taking your dead wife's
ashes to the top of the mountain
how many wife says this man gonna lose
so many wives and so you and your kid
are taking the wife to what the wife's
ashes to the top of the mountain and on
your way you meet some unsavory
characters who you know want to kill you
because that's how games work okay here
we go
moving on moving on there's the mountain
we have to get to the top of that
mountain to drop to put our dead wife's
ashes on top of a mountain isn't Kratos
God Kratos is the God of War okay and we
buy in and there have been some hints
that the wife has also been a great
warrior this this is your wife's axe
okay Mule mural Noir here is your wife's
axe and I'm just wondering if he's a god
why is he look like he's aged well the
the gods are kind of real people ish I
don't I don't know I didn't get very far
into the first my magic is useless
against the black breath and there's no
way around it Odin thought of that long
ago oh that's some bitty we met earlier
wife number three
my my my original thought even I can't
hold on I guess I should pay attention
in the story time is strong enough to
break through but that road is long what
does this girl mean to you
why help us
maybe I see more of myself in you that
I'm willing to admit maybe
maybe by helping you I'll make up for a
lifetime of mistakes or maybe I just
like you even though we shot your friend
even though you shot my friend yes look
dialog does sound kind of fucked up I
don't know why that is to a realm beyond
your own everything sounds a little
fuzzy my hood yeah
Kratos does that mean he's really Ares
or did he kill Ares and take his place
he killed Ares and take his place okay
that was I think the entire plot of the
original first one yeah the my original
my original cynical thought with this
game was now that the game developers
are older and probably parents
themselves they wanted Kratos to be
older and a dad so they could write like
a really cool dad like Kratos is like a
cool dad yep but what I have discovered
since playing this is the writers are
the kid because Kratos is like the
overbearing father who doesn't approve
of the kid and doesn't think the kids
good enough and the kids like really
smart and he reads a lot and he just
wants to help he just wants to help his
dad cuz he reads let me change the oil
with you dad I can help I can help see I
was hoping the thrust of this would be
to teach the kid how to be a heartless
badass well that's a little bit of some
of it that's some of it but the kid is
the kid is definitely the one I wanted
the narrative thrust to be beating the
kids sensitivity out of him I actually I
think one of the undercurrents is Kratos
wants to save his kid from being the
heartless killer that he that's not what
I expect out of Kratos I know I want it
to be the other way around
remember when I put down the hackneyed
dialogue and with kids and last of us I
I haven't paid attention to a single
thing anybody said yeah and if this game
has a lot of like this kind of naughty
dog style talking and fake cutscenes
fake gameplay that it really cutscenes
III won't care if it's actually balanced
out by a whole lot of good kick-ass
action III will completely forgive it
possibly even enjoy the story if the
gameplay part of the equation lives up
to expectations mm-hmm I don't I don't
hate Naughty Dog because they they have
this kind of pseudo cutscene and lots of
storytelling I I hate them because the
gameplay feels like a second thought
right or largely scripted and fake yeah
watch your step
just along here are you hanging off that
ledge now have a scripted thing or the
thing though it's fake are you watching
cinematic games call them cinematic
games rich I know when I typically hate
them but if they order on gameplay I'm
fine it can now reawaken the magic of
the L not as long as the light shines
free I've gotten five or six hours into
it my I think my reading on is pretty
solid the the my reading is respect me
dad love me Dad what what are we doing
come on where we go do I have to open
all the fucking doors
I am playing this game I'm playing this
game right now here's my controller the
shooting is fine in the Uncharted series
it's the climbing that drives me crazy
oh the climbing is like faking ship oh
my god the cut the climbing is a goddamn
joke but I mean the shooting it just
looks so generic I mean wait a little
bit I didn't I have never played much
the Uncharted I played a little bit of
form yeah that's basically that's all of
it no that's the whole game so standard
yeah yeah that's it how about a
covergirl pew pew pew make a right at
the bottom of these dares make it right
at the bottom of these days okay lady
cover shooters ain't got nothing on doom
jack
no no cover shooters ain't got nothing
on Jim well you know like this so far a
lot of this god of war has been very
linear gameplay and there's nothing
necessarily wrong with a linear game
Doom is a great example of a linear game
done well but like the the the gameplay
parts of doom aka all doom are very
engaging and they're very visceral and
you're rewarded for playing well and
here I'm pressing the circle button
while some scripted shit happens to open
up a new area like it's not a puzzle
when they tell you how to solve it right
and something cool is happening so they
want to go man this is so cool look at
what the cool thing you're doing but
you're not doing it your this might as
well be a cutscene I'm holding a thing
so this machine assisted or are you
pushing this entire structure I'm
pushing this entire structure well I
mean I'm pushing you know like it
I guess it's done that so Kratos is
Superman strong
yeah he's rude well sometimes he's
ridiculously strong sometimes he gets
beaten up by a tiny soldier okay because
because game why does this game have so
much talking because Naughty Dog because
for some reason the Uncharted games are
very very popular and I you know what I
think I know why I don't know if I if I
talked about this where are you she was
talking to me I didn't know where she
was I was talking about this a little
bit last stream which is like I have
talked to now now I've talked to by the
way several people several people I know
who are like gamers in general yeah who
have started to tell me that they're
like they're kind of done with the whole
game aspect of games like you know when
I play a game now I just turn it to the
easiest mode nah I just I just kind of
want a story experience and Mike my
question to them is always the same
which is then why are you even playing a
game I really just do movies at that
point there's so many there's great TV
shows podcasts like why even play a game
if all you're looking for is a story
experience but I think that is a more
popular thing
go this way oh yeah I think that is
becoming a more popular thing we're just
the momentum of someone zoning out and
pushing a button is all they're looking
for its power is now depleted only a few
knocks of magic cause you get to be a
character rather than just watch a
character but you are just watching the
character if the scripted events are
playing out if you have no choice in how
the scripted events take place then you
are just watching a character it's like
it's like a movie where you have to
constantly hold down play on the remote
for the movie to keep playing yes
yes I could I can't make any choices as
Kratos besides who which bad guy I'm
going to hit first that's it that's the
that's the whole breadth of my choice in
this game I am watching a character with
no input on that character
wait can I push you off look at this I
can push her around
give me a lady you're my new wife you're
my new wife come here you're gonna die
now you're my wife
kid oh I can't place the kid around now
he gets out of my way this is the whole
game now how I want to see if I can get
her out the door this is the game for me
hi maybe if I go really slow I'm pushing
you out I'm pushing you out the door I'm
pushing you out to dip come here lady
Oh Oh I came close that time oh go so
close you're going out the door no
you're going out the door I'm pushing
you out the door come on come on come on
come on now I've given myself a goal and
I know everyone thinks this is dumb but
I've given myself a goal and I really
want to accomplish that goal I'm gonna
push this lady right out the door
there's tons of game playing this game
you gotta force yourself to bear all of
them to be right boom for one we've been
talking a lot about Uncharted games and
not necessarily this I am said with this
I am fine with it if there is a lot of
good gameplay yeah I haven't even
touched this game and you were giving
yourselves haven't completely shit on
this game yet no it's perfectly adequate
okay it's perfectly adequate the the the
actual gameplay elements of this game to
fight scenes they're fine so far like
yeah nothing is is blowing my mind but
it's not bad and and I've only played
five or six hours like I can't give a
full in-depth thought analysis this is
nothing like uncharted 3 people are
walking around slowly having a
conversation while the kids hanging
around I didn't fail to see how it's
significantly different yeah this
section you have to admit is a little
uncharted II obviously this is a lot of
exposition travel between realms they're
going to the hardware store cold and
transfer the light of all time we're
going to the hardware store right now
what we're doing yeah yeah
what now give it a moment the temple
needs time to wake up from its long
slumber it is from this room and this
room alone that you will be able to
cross between realms
what you see before you represents the
temple in which we stand as well as the
realm towers that encircle the lake of
nine outside all the realms exist in the
same physical space reflection because
of the fucked up audio sounds like she's
a voice I haven't been hearing this
fucked up body at home this might be a
thing that's fucked up here with the
capture card Bifrost I know what that is
during the first six hours our elongated
tutorial I am not surprised I don't look
for six hours of your action game you
should be a tutorial I mean maybe an
in-depth strategy game sure maybe it
takes you a while to forget all the
nuances right but we just beat up
monsters you wouldn't cut that time down
a bit you you should in an in a beat
them up you should have the the basics
down with within the first 20 minutes of
the game this button does this this
button does this now go kill everyone
that was the first god of war hey you
want new ways to kill guys we got you
covered
maybe maybe to our in you earned like a
new thing and then now you can hit up
the button to do the special attack
right okay position to lead to the realm
of Anaheim instead turn the wheel to our
actual destination all-time Jack we've
got a we got a we got to go to the
hardware store to get that car battery
yes the wheels we got to get that car
batter in the bridge line so we can have
so we can talk about our feelings is
that feel about things is that how you
want to shoot this episode just a slow
walk to the hardware store to get a car
battery this entire tutorial is just how
to get to the next level by the way okay
that's that's all of what we've been
doing so far is how we how to get to the
next level this entire thing
Thanks which lady I can't push each
realm has the corresponding one that
focuses and amplifies the power of the
Bifrost opening the bridge to that round
great that's why realm travel is only
possible from this room just let me go
punch my this is just not necessary I
was like I'm taking away my adequate
rich I'm taking it right away she's the
winner no you can't skip this because
it's all in-game that's right this were
actual cutscene you could probably just
skip it if that were your thing
and it's here's the thing I was all down
with this premise right away mm-hmm your
wife's dead you have a mission to take
her ashes to the top of the mountain you
walk up the fucking mountain and people
try to stop you that's the fucking game
I get it I was down with that premise
like oh great this is gonna be great
every now and then you teach your kid
how to murder something
boom now we're traveling to other realms
for some reason yeah
let me do something in your game yes
Electric monk that's all I want just I'm
the fucking God of War let me be the God
of War by which lady fossils stick to
playing pong Tetris what I'm sorry our
games are better than yours
it paused in the heart of a ring temple
but we need to find now the eight pieces
to the battery rich before we can put
the car battery together fine if we
fight monsters and a way to find the
eight pieces of the battery or if
they're causing the solving involved in
finding the bad something
I hate cinematic gimmick you should hate
cinematic gaming not likely
um gum boy
because this all of this all of this is
just set dressing it's just an area in
which to murder monsters in mm-hm and I
guess in in my fine I gotta hit that
with my thing you know it's just it's
just unnecessary like you just climb the
mountain it's trying to get you invested
in the world killing monsters would get
me invested in the world you can you can
get me invested in a games world without
killing the pacing rights like
yeah if there's if the world is
interesting enough I will care about it
what Bourne get you interested in the
world what the fuck is this damn place
oh yeah dude
fuck
people people talk about and what so me
I don't really care about the story
elements blood-borne yeah people people
love talking about the lore and the
world of the blood Souls yeah and
there's it that games not wasting the
time ever ever ever its confident enough
in its in its world to just let you
discover it this reeks of look at me
look at me look at my shit look at how
good I'm doing look at how good I'm
doing aren't I doing so good
actually that that works along with the
theming of the story look at me Dad look
at me dad doesn't I do good dad didn't I
do good dad I made a pretty world dad
look at me me no no right now I'm
talking about cinematic games in general
yeah just to be fair I've been feeling
sick I have not played this game right I
don't know personally what the balance
is between talky-talk and smash smash
smash yeah I don't know I don't have a
feeling myself for what that ratio is in
this game right but you you probably do
I'm - I'm talking about right now look
at me dad didn't I do good
it's all Suri's a soul series dis strim
the third says this whole series has no
real or it's all made-up shit with no
real thought behind it it's just least
world-building and adequate for the
games people read too much into it and
yet it works and yet it works and and
yet people read too much into oh yeah
darn these people for being so
interested in a world that they that
they look into it I guess that means
they failed at world building i I don't
know
world building yeah I said it was
adequate for the games it works just
fine okay okay
world building only works rich if
characters explain to you exactly what
everything is in a longer that's I may I
may have misunderstood your point okay
the original mass effect narrative has
consequences for the cut-scene choices
yes
mass effect before three is how you do
storytelling in a game and still have it
be a game because you actually feel like
you have an effect on the things that
happen in the world sure do taking crate
OSes blades away from him is just like
taking Bayonetta's guns I'm willing I'm
willing to bet that you will find the
blades at some point or at least
something similar to them I don't think
so I think you got the axe okay and you
know what the axe isn't bad it's not the
blades but the axe isn't bad right right
rich Mass Effect and Final Fantasy had
great storytelling Beca
no Final Fantasy is linear story to the
best of my knowledge I only I'm only
familiar with the fucking like SC NES
ones and the PlayStation ones the
original PlayStation ones I've not
followed Final Fantasy since then but
Mass Effect was all about what are the
consequences for the things I say and do
going to be right what is what is going
to happen to the world if I kill this
person versus letting them live
Final Fantasy sevens like now you get to
the point where that character dies that
character dies and then you hit a just
you know I'd make a dialogue choice just
hit a to continue the dialogue it's a
it's a different thing
Mass Effect consequences literally
nothing let's that's what went wrong on
the third one if you've if you've never
heard rich talk about the third one
don't to work Mass Effect 3 needed
needed twelve different endings and I'm
not even fucking why sure sure
it to accommodate all the separate
choices it needed at least three
different major branches yeah and each
of those branches needed like four
different flavorings and then it would
have worked sure
oh yeah skills but I'm not kidding the
with the the promises they made and Mass
Effect literally needed at least at the
very least twelve endings I believe you
did Mass Effect 3 DLC fix the ending no
it just elaborated on everything that
was wrong I'm not that's not a joke
that's not not a joke
geez all these things are stupid and
they were like well let's explain what
why this is stupid
why yes this is all well you see I'm
gonna explain more about how stupid this
is that's fantastic
all right great great let's go kid
cat striker says rich I would like to
buy you the new battle Tech game if you
don't already have it
how should I give tit someone has
already purchased it for rich but thank
you yeah I appreciate it but it's
already been done
yeah I'd everyone thinks you're gonna
love this battle tech game I might you
might turn-based strategy with giant
fucking robots I mean yeah hey sure sure
but it has all rich already has a copy I
have yet to give it to rich because I
keep forgetting mostly cuz I don't care
about bath tech so loose reduces first
off ya feel better rich second today a
stranger complimented me on my nerd
crude t-shirt very cool my wife was
stunned I don't think she believed our
Ellen fans existed in the wild who's
laughing now honey cute it is it is
weird to see our life and fans in the
market did your mother speak of this
video of my original reaction to the
Mass Effect 3 ending no we're really we
weren't we weren't streaming or anything
back then
yeah let's drop lol rich brings up Mass
Effect 3 every time they play a new
triple-a title what do you prove someone
in the chat brought that up not me god
damn it
well when you're talking about you put
that on me
what you talking about story and games
right
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo Mass
Effect's story wasn't even the first one
men meeting talking to Sovereign for the
first time would you learn that that the
bad guys starship isn't really a
starship it's giant fucking alien and
their species has wiped out all life in
the galaxy numerous times that was a
fucking awesome shit
spoiler alert like oh my god it was
spooky oh shit damn right it was damn
right it was yes find it back to the
boat
must find it there's this voice actor I
feel like I've heard him before who's
who does the voice for this Kratos I've
heard his voice I'm sure I mean yeah I'm
sure you're not just thinking about the
other cocks it's very possible she's
doing that wrong what that's not okay
he's yeah he's like you have to
alternator you just started spinning
sometimes never to return here we go
there we go I was just thinking to
myself man I could go for a fight right
about now so that was nice

[Part II]
how how think valiant bloodshot says hey
guys I ninja versus the valiant universe
finally came out and it's ok not great
but it ok you guys plan on watching it
it's very schlocky so it might be your
thing watching it does a video is it a
video oh wow I might ninja act versus
the value universe I they tried to turn
in Jack and like a Deadpool like I don't
know anything about an injector well
yeah I read some valiant but I read the
first few issues of nin Jack when it was
a thing in the 90s the very first time
it was literally James Bond dozen in Joe
yeah I don't read nin Jack and I don't
read a blood shot so I don't know
anything about named Jack so I had that
hasn't been high up on my priority list
says I had doubts about God of War it
starts out good then ramps up and
becomes great make sure to upgrade the
skill that lets you shield bash after
parrying and you'll send enemies fly
just did that the the the shield bash is
really nice yeah dick
so Batman without the bat well I can't
comment on modern min Jack I don't I
don't know how much if at all the
concept has changed but kind of only
less fighting crime and more
doing spy stuff
spice stuff
ninjas great sounds great
it all sounds great Jack the stripper
dd7 said last year I'm at a joke
donation that rich hopefully got a more
on stream I can't believe it's actually
coming true Jack please let rich hold
the controller for one second to
complete the dream okay wait now yeah
there you go you just played God of War
oh my god yeah I'm inverted and then
press trying go bring it back meat I'm
not gonna get sick I got kids man if
anything I got rich sick leg the the
germs on me are what got rich sick in
the first place
god of war was great because I got to
see titties when I was 10
haha somebody in the chat ha ha right
this is this day and age of the Internet
is that is that even a thing anymore no
you can see titties whenever you want
I'm just all thousands of them thousands
of this everywhere the most photographed
thing in the world
titties there was a time man entire
entire movie universes were based off of
like the the 30 seconds of titties
alright so we go like this and I'm gonna
go down and then call it back
there we go hopefully not an odd number
of them hey you putting are you putting
down Total Recall yeah think about it
think about it I was very confused for a
lot of my childhood because of Total
Recall kept expecting there to be more
of them though one was clearly made out
of paper mache up here ma che let my kid
go Oh what are you doing down there
weird kid
right-ho juice is on the subject of
Greek gods yeah
have either of you played apathy um it's
an action RPG where you must kill the
gods of Olympus because they're being
dickheads the art style is Greek pottery
mm-hmm I have not I think I remember
hearing about that
I think I remember hearing about that no
I didn't play it
what am I thinking of as Tezz that was
like the the 2d brawler that that was
like black and white like an Aztec
fighter maybe that's what I'm thinking
about no idea that look like a neat game
wars are fought for two things survival
or advantage battles may be won by the
better soldier wars are won by those who
are willing to sacrifice everything to
ensure victory I just wanna know why
that boat isn't spinning because he's so
strong that's not that would just make
it spin faster that's not how physics
works he's so strong that he can just
pump on one side subtitles please oh
yeah you're right
I had them turned off for me at home
okay they're on sorry about that all
right I got to figure out this puzzle
I'll say it again this game is the video
game equivalent of Oscar bait look at
that way
I don't disagree reinforcements ah dang
it
I gonna die Oh what where's my ex this
game deal with health you have to find
it this is not regenerating health
finding it is randomized it's like
sometimes in pots sometimes you get it
from downed enemies it's not like III
was kind of hoping for this is gonna
sound down madhavi's but I was kind of
hoping for something akin to doom where
the more you kill the more health you
get but it doesn't always work like that
two three
I have combos but I don't apparently I
don't have the right I don't have all
the timing down in that's my favorite
move where you just really big and dumb
swing your axe obviously jack is playing
on normal yeah like balance difficulty
is what is what it's called someone who
wants a challenge and the doing health
system that sent devises a very specific
kind of play the God of War developers
do not have gotcha
yes but it's kind of play the Jag wanted
that's what to be the issue well and you
know for God of War being a being a
fighter being being it would work
through matically with Kratos as someone
who as someone who is very violent
incentivizing violence it would it would
work somatic aliy in this situation I
understand that not every game needs to
be doom just would have been uh would
have been nice like they have a they
have a visceral kill system in this
they have a visceral kill system and so
and it's the game's fault for not being
what Jack wants yes because what you
want will be more fun you're saying well
what I would want would be more action
orientated I feel yeah and you know I
think it would work I'm not saying I'm
not saying they're wrong for their
choices I'm just saying kind of what I
expected and why I'm upset that they'd
miss them miss them you watch out
now and like I said they have a similar
visceral kill system huh so again I was
kind of I was expecting but health it
has never really been an issue you just
you know because there's not there's not
really any extended fights you don't
know the style puzzles so that you don't
like Zelda puzzles what what's all the
puzzles and I've been Zelda style
puzzles in this knife you kindness them
there's puzzles there are puzzles it's
not that I don't mind them I don't know
if they necessarily fit into the again
and you know I this is God of War mm-hm
and so you kind of come in with with
some expectations because it's got a for
and I understand they're kind of playing
with some of those expectations like
this isn't the God of War you know but
at the same time it's got a war you want
it to be a violent thing right and the
wisdom to use it for good she found
purpose in protecting the weak and so
like if there were these kind of puzzles
in an earlier god of war people might
have said whoa that was a really fit
with the awesome action people are
saying God of War had the originals had
puzzles did they I played the first one
did it not stand out as much because
there was a portion aliy much more
action that's possibly possibly
boy they had lots of puzzles how old how
many years ago was this how do you
expect me to remember this from years
and years ago I'm just never I've only
played part of the first one so how many
how many you when did the first god of
war come out someone late PlayStation 2
right so 2005 is Shh
so we're talking over ten years ago
you're expecting me to remember every
detail about a game from over ten years
ago
settle down chat
here's that visceral killed thing that's
in me yeah yeah it's fun it's it doesn't
it doesn't really you know like I said
do much like I said just from doing a
different type of combo no you can um if
you if you kill them a certain way they
like get tired and then you can do that
attack okay but I think it's more
satisfying doing that
app think I need to find out what
healing something healing stone oh sure
oh here I'll just I'll heal when I go
into this there Oh
where over there yeah isn't it
you know Dark Elves an actual Norse
mythology thing and not just like a
marvelous Thor thing apparently I would
assume so I don't know much about the
Norse mythology well get on it man gotta
wore it up shut up shut up kid and kid
yeah I was gonna hit him burial that's
nice these things see these green things
on the ground they heal you yeah I found
that one in a pot I found that one in a
pot sometimes enemies drop them when you
kill them but mostly just find him in
pots so can you also tell the kid to
jump on one of the back serves he just
do that in his own he just does it he
just does that sometimes
you can um you can upgrade like his
talents to complement your own he kind
of does his own thing
alright alright what am i doing where am
i doing it what was that
Jonesy they don't says dear rich slash
Jack yes we are that's us
thanks to you both now I have finally
made the transition from console to PC
gaming congratulations it is a shame
that I have not made this decision
sooner thanks again and a feel better
rich you're welcome you're welcome you
know I think that's I think that's how a
lot of people feel like oh my god
everything's easier now naanum says Jack
I'm Jack as Lord of the Rings fan yeah
would you recommend the middle-earth
games i remember playing we will find
out ira playing them a while back the oh
no those are was just The Lord of the
Rings games that that first the the
shadow of Mordor is that what he's
talking them shadow Mordor is the newer
one I believe the shadow war a shadow or
what you know like they were fine
I didn't super get into him but you know
they were fine I'm in Lord of the Rings
fan so I don't necessarily care about
the extended universe of Lord of the
Rings like I liked the books and I liked
the movies yeah that doesn't mean I I'm
not a like I never read the solez sell
an area more whatever it's called this
is like literal encyclopedia of
middle-earth because I'm not that
hardcore fan I like the movies and I
like the board of pedia Lord appear yeah
simulator is similary n' is what it's
called something like that I don't
really know I don't know either man so
merrily under similar MO you know that
one summer Memorial and thus mammalian
some emollients so I don't really care
about the extent of the universe the
game was alright though I didn't mind
the game a little bit I played of shadow
of Mordor it was fine
I know mother's voice better than JJ
though
it feels half done they made this weird
this neat little nemesis system where
the enemies have officers and you can
track them down anywhere in the world
they have higher ups and you can control
their mind and take over factions and
meet system that I don't feel like they
did enough with and then they had the
sequel which I didn't really play much
of and it sounds like maybe they made
more use of that system
oh okay sequel
huh interesting
it is it is not the most important thing
in the world but I will say about shadow
of Mordor and shadow of war yeah the
fact that you're a ghost and you can't
die really takes away a lot of the
tension at least from a narrative
perspective yeah that's a little weird
like they really can't stop you right
here it goes I'll do whatever the fuck I
want
yeah
yeah they're all right they're all right
doo doo doo doo I don't know I guess
that what's going the right way
just don't know all turned around I just
I'll turn it around I was right no
that's fine
everything's fine
like anyone can stop the doom guy yeah
but doom doesn't go out of the way to
say that you are unkillable right
I mean you dialed just just that you're
an amazing horrific badass amazing
horrific badass that's it right there
so once you throw the axe yeah do you
have a taxi to do yeah
normal function yeah yeah okay and you
have this little like retractable shield
thing on your arm and so you can attack
with that and so yeah you can you can do
full full-on attacks and then the axe
even hits people like on the way back so
you could like throw the axe at someone
do some punches call the axe back hit
him and then finish him with the axe
like there's there's some stuff to do as
far as but the only weapon is the axe as
far as I know okay good yeah you need to
have different weapons with different
movesets
that's not the worst thing in the world
they took my son so that activated
sparking rage apparently this should
just be the whole fucking game right
this is a sparked this is usually a
thing that you build up for combos and
attacks yeah well maybe this is to be
fair Jack this is probably just the
introduction and there will be a thing
where you build this up oh no you did
you do Oh in the game you build up
Spartan rage
okay okay can I get over there can I get
over there
no this is an or this is an in game
mechanic already okay okay
like if you're strong enough to shove
that over yeah shouldn't any of his
punches be just like an instant
decapitation yes yes they should be but
games
thank you go
very naive bloodshot says I think I'm
more interested in seeing Deadpool than
Avengers this year the latest trailer
sold me the joke with the guy Peter at
the end is present the hardest I've
laughed a while yeah oh yeah Deadpool
trailer there they officially introduce
you know all the x-force yeah you know
kind of give a little rundown of
everyone's powers and then there's just
one guy who kind of looks like a normal
guy he almost looks like a Ron Swanson
yeah the Parks and Rec like what's your
superpowers I'm I don't have one I just
saw the flyer I thought I'd sign up just
so yeah just a normal dude yeah seems
like it's gonna be some fun jokes
that's probably complained about the
portion least - yeah he personally
started yep yep totally sucked what what
of it but you use the Force to pull Star
Destroyer zone forth well that's a neat
skill
that's a neat skill I have all of these
skills I don't I barely use any of them
I'll be honest with you I guess I should
barehanded get some axe skills here
sure great great I got some axe skills
yeah new tenant I mean I'm down with
Deadpool I'm down with a new Deadpool I
think it looks it looks fun okay I mean
I'm curiously what the fuck they do with
infinity war oh man
that's this week it's like this weekend
yeah this is Christ it's this very
weekend wait this current weekend now I
thought it was next weekend well today
son you're right today's Sunday which is
still technically the way it is this
upcoming weekend okay the weekend for
this week yeah okay okay I thought that
was gonna be my powernow that I could
tell the kid to use his magic ball I
thought you got the magic bullet power
kid didn't you Oh Oh what I'm gonna come
down here wasn't there a Star Wars game
with someone charted mixed into it that
was supposed to be released years ago
yeah can that because they couldn't find
out how to work loot boxes in da C's no
value in publishing a Star Wars
single-player game and they have sole
control over the Star Wars license
mmm-hmm EA getting the license for Star
Wars was probably the one of the worst
things to happen to Star Wars uh you
know we're not gonna get any interesting
Star Wars games that's for sure
I think it was because Disney bought
Star Wars well yeah but I mean Disney
didn't have to give the license to EA
they could have given it to someone else
they could have sold temporary licenses
to individual studios based on a project
pitch yeah I think that's that's pretty
standard
like like Bethesda's I don't want the
Disney and said I want a license at Star
Wars role-playing game yeah Disney could
say okay and then Capcom would say I
want a license a Star Wars fighting game
didn't he could say okay but no EA gets
the whole fucking thing and they're
doing nothing with it it's a huge waste
absolutely colossal waste
how about making something else doing
creative instead of making another
licensed product of the same old product
I look I agree
but I'm just saying for people who like
the Star Wars its shame yeah
maybe we should just be happy the video
game industry isn't flooded with dozens
of Star Wars games once again if it was
just my own opinion yeah I'm fine with
this I'm fine with this
I don't think Star Wars fans are though
you
help
uh you know and it's all fine I don't
care that much about like who has the
Star Wars license or anything I don't
know I think I used to care about that
kind of stuff more whereas like I
remember you know cuz I'm a big Marvel
fan yeah and you know back in the day we
got a ton of Marvel games when like the
movies were first being out and and like
Vevey now it's like a Marvel a Marvel
role-playing game what were those called
if I didn't care Marvel Legends maybe
legends and I remember what you're
talking about I remember just like being
super underwhelmed by them and wanting
wanting the perfect Marvel games and I
think that was something I used to care
about more but now there's so there's
just so many good video games out there
there's so many good everything out
there I'm not I'm not hurting for more
entertainment Ultimate Alliance who that
might have been in that might have been
at the Mars a role-playing game
yeah and I remember being pretty pretty
underwhelmed by that Star Wars zombies
haha they did that they did that I must
call death troopers did they there's a
novel no though they like Marvel Zombies
is the thing Oh Marvel Zombies is the
thing but there's a novel a Star Wars
novel house goes to our war Star Wars
called death troopers where Han Solo has
to fight off stormtrooper zombies that's
not a joke that is a goddamn joke rich
it is goddamn sure that is a joke that
you would make to make me believe that
Han Solo fought a group of zombies
stormtroopers look up death troopers
yeah I have I have an internet machine
that is a joke this is keyboard not well
if you work working on fucking hell
fucking hell but Star Wars is a with the
stormtrooper mask on a meet hug you
you're throwing darts at a board filled
with cliches and what do we hit I'm good
well yeah let's do that hold on hold on
let me ax you guys here I'll find it
well we'll make it happen do you
understand this image you need to see
this give me one moment and I will show
you this image it's ridiculous here type
that yeah yeah this is this is cliches
on top of cliches images and here it is
and let me just save image as and we
will put that right on the desktop say
if okay and then we are gonna come but
come right here and we are gonna add a
new image source so you guys can see add
source and we are gonna add let's see
what we got here and media files go to
the desktop and we're gonna add and
there it is there it is you see this
that is a stormtrooper helmet with a
meat hook auto meat hook for the Han
Solo fights zombies stormtroopers mother
fucker but but rich the Star Wars
universe is so deep it's so vast so many
new ideas
anything can happen in the universe just
anything and I know this isn't a
Photoshop joke because I remember when
this was in bookstores and I thought it
was insane
this is insane like if if I saw an
episode of the nerve crew and you guys
were reviewing this is like oh those
guys they did it again they came up with
the most ridiculous Star Wars thing
imaginable
there's guts and goopes gosh dang it
Star Wars get it together man
that's great that's just great thanks
Internet thank you for existing all
right where was that oh yeah we were
playing this game
why are we doing
all right I guess in the Clone Wars
cartoon I haven't seen the now the
genndy one that's supposed to be the
good one right I thought to start wars
by then yeah
the the genndy turn offs key Tarkovsky
or whatever his name is is supposed to
be that's supposed to be a really
interesting cartoon mm-hmm I have not
seen him but I like kindy and I like
that art style that's Samurai Jack art
style Tarkovsky's animated sir yeah yeah
I've heard really good things about it
never got around to seeing it for no
particular reason I think yeah not
necessarily into Star Wars
listen Gandy making the Hotel
Transylvania movies is about one thing
and one thing only Gandy likes paying
rent and if if the Hotel Transylvania is
what pays the bills that's the movies
he's making can't blame them yeah and it
sucks but but we got a new season of
Samurai Jack out of that what is the
problem you know paying rent is pretty
solid it is it is and you know a lot of
us do a lot of silly things to pay rent
so I'm I'm not I'm not here to judge
genndy I throw in shade what I don't
know value bloodshed says speaking of
Diplo
I think everyone has officially accepted
that the DC Universe has become a farce
when Deadpool says in the trailer that
cable is so dark that he might belong to
the DC Universe oh you're so dark are
you sure you don't belong in a DC
Universe like obviously I'm a little
hesitant I'm a little like everyone
should be a little cautious optically
optimistic about Deadpool - the first
one was this breath of fresh air and no
one knew what to expect and it's and all
of our expectations were
we're non-existent yeah and so you know
it beat our expectations but now we have
a bit of standard we have a baseline and
it needs to top that and so it has some
work to do the awesome power sequels did
well
the first one no you didn't like the
second one was the second was Goldmember
right and doesn't third one go by who
shagged me was the second one yeah
second one's alright okay but goes those
of those kind of like more of the same
few new things you knew things you got
yeah mini-me
yeah rest in peace oh that's yeah just
passed away that's true rich r.i.p room
though or is the third letter yeah my
way kid wanna solve a puzzle I'm gonna
solve a puzzle and get a treasure are
you where are you third letter yes spy
who shagged me is oh it's pregnant which
did that on purpose no it was more of
that Austin Powers is on my mind because
of it it's another other way around the
the news had had reminded me of Austin
Powers sure
yeah yeah yeah Austin Powers the the
first Austin Powers is legitimately
great I know I usually get confused
looks when I tell people that I the
Austin Powers was not a big deal when it
first came out I had to go to my local
art house movie theater to see Austin
Powers yeah because the major chains
didn't have it because it was an
independent weirdo comedy that then blew
up later I know Mike spoiled literally
every joke in the movie one night
no sorry rich you didn't get to it you
didn't get to experience the full joy
Mike spoil in Austin Powers terrible
when we saw the theater was empty yeah I
want to say like me and the person I
went with we saw Austin Powers and we
were one of we were two of four people
in the theater no one saw that movie
coming this time it's lupus says one of
my favorite things about the God of War
series is how much Kratos doesn't care
at all about lives of civilians in his
way
what I've seen of this game so far this
kid is such a killjoy I don't know what
they're doing yet like are they doing
are they doing a commentary on the God
of War series are they making a
commentary on aging gamers I don't know
what their artistic want is you want
their acclaim they want their gaming
Oscar are they are they shamelessly
pandering to the Last of Us crowd yes
they want their gaming Oscar that was
the end of my joke rich the The Last of
Us was the end of my joke
because yes they are very obviously
shamelessly pandering yes oh you're
gonna give me yes wait was that it was
that a mission I just I just finished a
mission I didn't know I had great all
right I want to up can upgrade your
fucking bowl no I need salt varium steel
what can I get here
more defense that's nice choose heart
okay
yeah I feel like if this game ends with
the kid dying it pretty much would kill
the entire storyline to make the whole
journey pointless my money is on Kratos
kicking the bucket yeah my you know what
I what I originally thought yeah my
original thought was and it doesn't look
like it's going that way but the
matically it was gonna be Kratos
teaching this kid how to be a badass the
kids got the bow you can't bring him
shell it's just to help us dear yeah I
can't I can't bow and arrow the dear and
over the course of the journey it gets
to a point where the kid is able to kill
kratos mmm I'm in pain I am dying you
let's do it and the kid just cough stabs
and screams and yeah becomes the next
God of War and it may be rich we don't
know we don't know I there's there's a
whole lot we don't know
yeah I can't do it you must be harder
there there is a little bit of that yo
you know worry not for your enemy
great sorry just upgrading stuff doing
shit a jiggy puffs s yeah why are we why
are we rebooting the 80s did we run out
of original culture thanks for the
stream nice it could be we're out of new
ideas but this stalled is a cyclical
thing hmm like like in the 90s the 70s
were in for a while that's true
that's seventies show bell-bottoms came
back don't forget about the revival of
the swing movement yeah do you remember
when swing dancing was the thin swing
swing music school man you know it's not
it's not not cool I'm just saying
nostalgia habits
yeah help help
back to the future was a 50s nostalgia
piece boom you know it was totally
that's true okay bye there was a there
was a TV leaving a new Leave It to
Beaver on TV in the 1980s mm-hmm the
all-new Leave It to Beaver they call it
something like that
in Greece yes Oh excellent point
everyone's so smart so just nostalgia is
always a thing it's it's a mission right
we're doing the 80s nostalgia right now
are you happy days oh yeah happy days
that's a great example hey fuck you
weird fight me dick
damnit fuck I'm just gonna punch you
today how about that how about that does
that make you feel good does that make
you feel happy if I just punch you to
death
there there did the 90s have 60s
nostalgia I'm sure if you dig around you
can find something there result all
sorts of different nostalgia is it's not
necessarily there's no formula for what
decade is going to make a nostalgic
comeback actually wasn't the 90s when
they were released like the Beatles
album in the fancy edition mm-hmm so at
least musically sure the super deluxe
Beatles everything collection The
Beatles one album okay yeah yeah
although all the Greatest Hits came back
yeah Oh maverick the movie with Mel
Gibson sixties TV show oh there you go
there you go now what is happening who
keeps doing that
yes the Mission Impossible movies hey
this happened
it actually happened you did it Jatin
you came up with all the things you
asked a question and then you answered
the question all the things are possible
oh no dad can present what yeah
mash I don't think mash was fifties
nostalgia as much as it was here's a
commentary on the Vietnam War in
disguise yes we can't make a show about
the Vietnam War but we can make a show
about real war right now good call there
rich good call
basically nostalgia is what happens when
people get old and wish things were the
way they used to be yes cereal box
conspiracy it's always gonna happen it's
it's just it's exactly why we're seeing
stuff like stranger things and ready
player one and all the the shit that
sorry sir geing now is because us old
men liked those things and so now we're
getting fresh new takes on old things
and also it explains why things like the
Power Rangers might not necessarily work
is because maybe the wrong generation is
trying to take care of that different
generations nostalgia had to wait a
little bit longer for that Power Rangers
reboot wait boy when I say that Full
Metal Jacket is a commentary on the
Vietnam War topical living the
passionately passing of a certainly some
one might argue that its commentary on
war in general oh that's a that's a fair
argument yeah I don't know if that was
specifically against Vietnam that was
just but I want war be crazy y'all war
be crazy war turn otherwise normal
people into crazies yeah what was the
point of that just do that was one
Michael J Fox well no wonder a Vietnam
War one was a mega J fast am I getting a
wrong actor where the
the soldiers committed a rape and he was
against it no that's Full Metal Jacket
no Full Metal Jacket someone with the
sniper maybe they're just similar the
sniper casualties of war is that it that
sounds familiar
was it Sean Penn all right all right
at the end of Full Metal Jacket
remember spoiler alert for Full Metal
Jacket by the way a 50 year old movie at
the end of Full Metal Jacket the the the
soldiers want to rape casualties of war
I think it's the same kind of thing
going on well but well what I'm thinking
of is that the end of Full Metal Jacket
all the soldiers want to rape that girl
but then our hero main character just
shoots her in the head
all right that's that's kind of a
Vietnam War commentary yeah so yeah I'm
gonna change my mind yeah yeah Full
Metal Jacket is totally using on the
Vietnam War I also you know I also like
the idea of that it's just war in
general war be crazy oh the first part
I'm like well everyone when they take a
full metal jacket I think in the first
part with another recently lost departed
so yes that's true we are
Urmi
that's not Full Metal Jacket I know
there's a female sniper at the Internet
right vermin nobody nobody remembers the
last half full man this is what I think
they go they go over there and you know
there's this basic stuff once the army
leaves the movie you go do something
else yeah
Oh am I thinking of platoon you're
probably thinking of casualty of well I
might be
they'll blur they're all blurring in my
head I could be I I thought I remembered
cuz who was in Full Metal Jacket who was
the the lead actor in Full Metal Jacket
I thought I remember him shooting the
girl in the head that they were gonna
rape because because they he didn't they
didn't have time for rape they had a war
to win she's early
Emmys actual name I've always been bad
with that I never know how you pronounce
his last name and I know I'm probably
switching the middle in the first sorry
look look if you hear if you're familiar
with rich Evans you know he pronounces
things wrong and he's really bad with
names yeah
why are they killing just recently died
too didn't eat a lot of people died
recently I can't even I can't even keep
up with it
what happens they used to come in threes
now they're coming in 20s yeah it
happens people die then red line was the
longest sean penn and who wasn't in
casualty
gosh darted oh that's a good huh
the hope was today I saw was Michael J
Fox the Grim Panda is saying in
casualties of war they raped a young
Vietnamese woman and then and then the
rest of the film was basically about the
court-martial after the rape had
occurred and Michael J Fox being scared
shitless about being murdered by his own
squad base yeah yeah Sean Penn was in
casualty Oh God
at least I wasn't wrong about Michael J
Fox
I don't know that Michael J Fox took
part I think he just witnessed it and
then it was the moral dilemma him like
testifying about it
sure thing kit was the Squealer look for
way inside ah so many great war movies

[Part III]
now the light is near look for way
inside ah so many great war movies Auto
flagellate er says hey rich Auto
flagellate er yep just got caught up in
Star Trek discovery saw the review and
mostly agree with you is the discovery
replacing the enterprise-e is the ugly a
ship and Star Trek
no no but the discoveries not great
but if that's not great I don't I don't
hate the saucer section of the discovery
I hate everything else follow me all I
can think about is that triangle yeah
it's hard to think about anything other
than that ugly triangle yeah the
enterprise-e I hate every part of the
ship
I don't know the enterprise-e someone
from the later TNG movies the elongated
one I'm not even saying the saucer
section of the discovery is the best
thing ever I'm just saying if you put it
on a better engine it might look a lot
better
okay
why didn't they have to crash that the D
in that horrible generations travesty I
could be wrong but I believe the actual
reason they destroyed the D in Star Trek
generations is because look oh sorry no
I was making a penis joke oh they
destroyed the D they destroyed the cards
D man and that was really childish of me
and like you said that destroyed the D
and I giggled like a little kid I'm
sorry those two those two Klingon woman
Ursa and but or they just killed
compartment four cards D man they
destroyed it
okay because they that was a model
design for a TV show and they're making
movies now and they probably wanted
something with more detail would be my
would be my guess they actually for the
movie they actually had to go to an
older model of the enterprise-d that the
TV show had stopped using because it was
too big and heavy it was like the model
they used for the first season of T and
G then but it was a gov a model that TNG
stopped using after the first couple
seasons and they had a new lighter
smaller model but it wasn't as detailed
so they dug out the old ones like season
one
model all the space shots that they did
it like a new cost way too much money
but yeah it's great little behind the
scenes future I haven't I haven't seen
this I've liked how they shot all of the
exterior models and like it was a it was
a way bigger undertaking than anyone
thought and it costs them a shit ton of
money and it's really neat how they used
to do actually if it was interested in
kind of how they did compositing before
computer editing yeah it's a really
great little showcase of of how they had
to track the model you know model stays
still but yeah the camera moves and then
they have to do one pass on a green
screen but then they get like bleed they
have to do one pass where the lighting
is completely different so that the ship
is all in shadow and then that to do
another pass and but the camera
movements have to be exactly the same
that sounds like a pas it's a really
rich is trolling us
about what
Jack talk your mics dead my my and my
mics not that anymore Mic Check
what Mic Check one two maybe it wasn't
that looking at the wrong bar pop but it
boo repeat that whole thing there's a
great behind-the-scenes featurette on
how they did all the composite shots of
Star Trek for cuz I was looking at you
not the chat so I didn't see well sorry
everyone
jack is talking about a
behind-the-scenes featurette they did
where they did the the composite shots
for T and G yeah and there's great and
it involve multiple passes of the ship
of the camera doing the same motions
under different lighting conditions yeah
to get the look they wanted right and so
so you have you have one you have one
pass that is just kind of the standard
model on a green screen then you have
another pass where they have to light it
completely differently but the camera
has to make the exact same movement but
you have to light it so that the entire
ship is in shadow and that's how you can
do the compositing later then you have
to do another pass where all the little
lights are on and then that's your light
little pass and then you have to do one
more pass with another lighting thing
and then when you smush them all
together you can crop out just the ship
and put it above the stars and you have
to do that for every single exterior
shot of the enterprise and it was a
giant undertaking and it was it's a
really neat behind-the-scenes I think
it's on the blu-ray it's on the blu-ray
release crazy Nate $9.99 to sing the
original model the enterprise-d was
massive hey so what you're saying is
they had a massive d yes picard had a
massive D and then it had that accident
and it was all stretched out
after the accident I can't say I can't
say it was his D it kind of ruins the
joke yeah yeah it goes to the e then it
goes to B yeah I get it I get it what my
kid just said something but in any case
yeah that's how they had to do
old-school compositing and it's very
very interesting stuff and just more
star treky goodness hey elf
oh but yeah that shit looks so fucking
cool and the model was massive it was
like it was like three people big any
thoughts about art dolls passing I mean
it's sad is one of the dozens of deaths
we had recently I see love art you've
mentioned the PT Barnum of the
conspiracy nut world
I think I think I've said this before
but art art bell existed on this this
line for me or I I was never sure
listening on whether he was a true
believer or just a great showman and con
man who didn't give a shit and I was
never sure right
he found he found a stick that paid the
bills like I had people seem to like
this talking about conspiracies alright
what can we do
yeah yeah well I just did you dingus
Bell was just old people's Alex Jones no
I don't I don't think Art Bell ever
really got that political I don't I
don't know this Alex Jones get political
on his show and I'm assuming he does I'm
also assuming he does i i i only know
you know what is reported on alex jones
I've never watched a now shown so as I
remember art had no agenda and no edge
no the one that has no edge is his
replacement George Noory that man is
just flat no edge our bail was was
lyrical you see oh you talkin what he
talked it was just you want to do this
no I'm doing it very bad that was a
British accent no I'm doing it very bad
but you know I just did this musical way
to how he would speak okay he was good
he put on a good show okay
George Murray just talks about things
yeah then they're aliens and he's so
fucking dull that's too bad
boy
our goals a a classic old-school radio
guy who decided to talk about it
oh speaking of speaking of classic
old-school radio guys who passed who is
the the NPR broadcaster that just passed
recently Carl kasell oh yeah
Oh
like this is clearly a scripted segment
these guys were dying away faster than
anyone else and I'm just kind of button
mashing
this is kind of dull this might look
exciting but this is very dull
nothing's Andale fired said says finally
stop watching The Simpsons last year the
quality started to improve again a few
years the quality started to improve
again a few years ago last year they
fired composer Alf Clausen after 28
years on 0 notice by phone oh really
let's go I don't I don't know why the
show still going I don't know
right it's still running on that
momentum right
it's the Simpson fucking momentum it was
it was an unintended cultural phenomenon
must watch TV yeah it was something
incredibly unique at the time they have
fucking a lot of momentum
okay four-quarter says are you familiar
with a comedian and drunk Doug Stanhope
he has the celebrity death pool which is
like fantasy football for dead
celebrities he has friends with Charlie
Brooker of black Muir Fame uh I don't
think he invented that kind of Deadpool
I mean that's been a thing for a while
but I'm not I'm not familiar with him
yeah I don't know if I know Doug's down
we use it as a last resort
your axe I'm letting you hold my axe
tella Frank 82 says there was no
attempted rape in Full Metal Jacket
also this Hampton Heights an OK area to
stay in in Milwaukee I'll be visiting
next month I'm not especially familiar
with Hampton heights
I'm sorry Hampton heights I'm sorry
there's no there's a lot of
neighborhoods we have a lot of
neighborhoods and our neighborhoods
don't use it like we don't if you're
from my neighborhood you don't generally
go out of it like you're from that
neighborhood I don't know where
Hamptonites is but I don't uh there's no
frame yeah I must be getting my war
movies mixed up then they okay it didn't
they'll come out around the same time
all those pretty much so it's it's wrong
you guys know I'm wrong all the time
period in the 80s were there a lot of a
lot of high-profile Vietnam movies sure
that weren't just action movies right
right yeah Full Metal Jacket had cast
his war yet platoon yeah yeah all right
well fuck it
Hampton Heights where's Hampton Heights
let me look that up blouse 79 cents I
was watching a clip on YouTube where you
were discussing if it were possible to
make a movie with a silent protagonist
how did you not think of hardcore Henry
first-person silent lead doom happens
sometimes you don't think of things and
I didn't see it did you see hardcore
Hank she did not a with it though I'm
familiar with it I didn't see it so I
didn't even know that it was a sigh of
protagonist
hold on I'm looking up what was a
Hampton Heights
like the eighties market I'm what
Americans were finally comfortable
talking about Vietnam analysis jr.
Lovecraft see I'm I'm of an age where I
I don't remember anything before he yeah
I was I was born in the eighties
I remember Marvel had a Vietnam comic
the Nam
oh did that yeah Glendale yeah yeah I
don't think that's a bad area I don't
know I don't know that area very well
though I can't be of any help with you
with Hampton Heights I'm sorry every
every now and then there was a special
episode that started the Punisher in
Vietnam there Vietnam bark
jack is a millennial I think technically
I am a millennial yes the back back in
my day we called ourselves Generation Y
the as we were the apathetic generation
oh wait rich this is gonna be some story
stuff this is gonna be this is gonna be
the the point of the of the game with
rich do you remember the live-action
spider-man like wait wait wait this is
it
so the the writer of this game is the
child and their dad is always away okay
their dad is always a way and doesn't
pay any attention to them I'm sorry I I
we I have to watch this cuz you know
this is my playthrough you're gonna
you're gonna be get to play so hold off
on tips for in just a second I just want
to point out though
live-action spider-man was not The
Electric Company not Sesame Street it
was one live-action spider-man yeah was
not on Sesame Street he was not a
different show
The Electric Company okay and I am old
enough to remember that yes okay well
they go
oh here we go
this was our this is our house from the
beginning of the game this is an
important story moment kill a monster
the the reason why I laugh and the
reason why I point this out is because
generally when you're trying to make an
artistic statement you use metaphor or
subtext to get your point across and
this they're just using text but it's
black and white but it's black and white
so it's RT so this this is you know like
it's just literally a child saying my
dad wasn't around and so that's why I'm
laughing is because it's a little it's
it's what it's what I would categorize
as as rather shallow amateurish
amateurish would be another fine word to
describe a rich
I just wish it was been I know he can me
so if he tries I'll try but if he
doesn't please come back I know you're
out there
read tips instead if if rich and rich
and I are doing this as our next review
I should know the story I should know
all of these things and so like normal
normally if I'm playing a game you know
just for fun I wouldn't care about any
of this stuff but because we're
reviewing it I should be well versed
with the story and not farting around
while that while the arty-farty shit
happens
Oh what have you done
why did you do that
I was gone oh that's impossible
you can go before they come back I hope
you left me dad you weren't around dad
great all right now you may continue
reading tips okay
Tyron sad says what conspiracy theory do
you find believable it's the one that
you find entertaining well just pure
pure believability JFK doesn't involve
aliens or or ghosts sure that that's a
relatively small person wise conspiracy
that a jf K assassination it's just a
it's just a political assassination yes
and that doesn't that doesn't need that
you know like the moon landing
conspiracy would require so many people
to be in on the lie that it's it it goes
to unbelievable but JFK assassination
yeah you just need like one or two
people though most entertaining most
entertaining conspiracy theory
Roswell yeah that's a good one
that's gotta be Roswell right that's a
decent one we have aliens
we've been poking at alien spaceships
for 50 years
yeah as a go there's so many spin-offs
on like area 59 and Roswell and 51
conspiracies at 51 Stennis 69 you said
59 59 cuz I know and uh grand theft auto
san andreas the previous generation one
not the recent one they had an area 69
we can now make bob bob lazar an
unbelievable yet believable story using
one of the engineers used to work there
and they had him reverse engineering the
flying saucer that's fun stuff yeah yeah
yeah was it area 69 in San Andreas
am I remembering that wrong that that
just sounds like a Grand Theft Auto joke
it sounds like a Grand Theft Auto joke
it also might be too on-the-nose
sure
do-do-do-do-do there we go
also this game has Metroidvania
nothing's too on-the-nose for GTA ok
yeah oh sorry metroidvania this all in
this game also apparently has
Metroidvania say uh okay because I've
noticed things earlier that now I have
the tools to to deal with and in some
ways Jack area 51 is the worst
conspiracy theory it's the worst
conspiracy theory yes it doesn't make
any sense okay if there were this secret
base where all this the shit was was
being stored mm-hmm and everyone knew
about it it wouldn't be the secret base
where all this shit was stored anymore
the very fact that area 51 is a
well-known joke is proof enough that it
doesn't exist unless black false-flag
it's all part of the plan and they they
knew rumors were getting out it's not
called area 51 so they put up their own
area 51 rumors when really their
research facility is underneath the
mountains of Colorado yeah yeah
yeah every 151 doesn't exist they just
don't have aliens though well yeah
nobody's nobody's denying that there's
an Air Force Base there but if you had
your if you had access to top-secret
alien technology you probably wouldn't
keep it at the place everyone knows
about right well I mean probably let you
sound like you know a little too much
about area 51
I get it that's a joke that I'm part of
the conspiracy but the reason is I used
to love our dull ha ha ha ha
it all comes back to our Belridge
everything comes back to our tell a man
I had not even heard of until until you
started talking about no I'm not
madam says oh wait one before that a
couple before that I think we're ma'am
oh my god I cook the asking spot tired
and sad says I'm three years late but I
recently finished Metal Gear Solid five
I never played a game with such finely
tuned gameplay with an incomprehensible
story your review was absolutely right
hey thank you thank you you know what
you're right we were right rich why did
you put the hat back on I wasn't
thinking about it honestly never saw it
and my hand grabbed it and put it on my
head without not putting too much
thought into the matter but more
comfortable without it hat goes double
Vega
why are you still over there kid come
over here we're over here now
maybe there's a thing you have to do is
there a thing you didn't do
come over here sir thing you're missing
over there apparently and I think
there's the thing I'm missing over here
and he's just waiting for you to come
back with it yeah he's waiting for me if
you get far enough I'll bet you he'll
teleport oh sure
no there's probably something that he
has to do over there but the game hasn't
told me like I have to figure it out
come on what did I miss
oh wait here's the thing here's the
thing we have two o'clock come all right
come here kid
it's the thing I gotta climb hop on my
back how hard it says I've farted good
evening if you had to pick would you
rather be a fully artist for Spielberg
or have been a puppeteer for Henson also
have you heard of Frank Oz's new
documentary Muppet guys talking why we
we taking money out of this yeah we're
taking money out because it's probably
far more money in being on Muppet ear
hmm no big that's an actual performance
on camera there there's a there's a
there's money in it if you're a main
player but I think there's a lot of
people who are just like the random
Muppets who work for pittance but let's
say it's equal pay I'm gonna go with
fully artist really there's probably
more room for creativity you might be
right I would 100% without a doubt with
no hesitation bi Muppet bi Muppets here
yeah I think I would be a killer fucking
puppet master I would and I would make
everyone call me a puppet master yeah
yeah but yeah III I would without a
doubt like you get this like what what
can I do what can I use to make a
squishy noise maybe I can get some
mashed potatoes well put some put some
potato chips in that man what if I hit
it with a sledgehammer yeah but I could
do funny voices yeah while making while
doing this with my hand yeah yeah what
the heck is a Foley a Foley is
person who makes the sound effects yeah
like if there's a punch in a movie they
don't use the real sounding punch cuz it
doesn't sound doesn't sound big there's
no sound booming so you got a fully
artist who like hits up it's a fucking
like a potato sack or the baseball bat
because it makes a better noise right it
makes something that sounds like a punch
but more yeah like if you have people if
you ever seen where people are running
through the woods and you hear them
crunching leaves and stick leaves in six
they never get that sound when they're
filming because you know they have other
shit to worry about what they do is they
give the video to someone who then fills
a bucket with leaves and sticks and
films or films the records the audio of
them crunching in the bucket to simulate
the leaves and sticks sound what are we
doing up here good Raider says the best
punches and gudge gunshots I don't
remember what the gunshots were but I
think I think they actually did the
punches it was like they just had
somebody hitting leather with a baseball
bat yeah their punches are pretty dang
epic pretty dang epic right this just
gets us back over here what are we doing
what are we doing here kid the gunshots
are like a fucking sniper rifle that's
because they probably used a much bigger
more interesting gun right and what an
actual pistol because you know they're
movies they're supposed to be exciting
Indiana Jones isn't necessarily going
for realism our friends what our to do
is that Foley or is that more mixing
r2d2 yeah no Foley is replacing natural
sounds but so but but then you have then
you have like sound engineers and sound
editors and so like if you if you have
the the old the box set of the original
trilogy actually they have a whole part
of the Star Wars documentary dedicated
to the sound and engineer the person who
created sounds that don't exist like
like the the Ben Burtt the laser sounds
are him holding up a microphone on a
giant fucking cable and then going like
this the the sound of haunts of Han Solo
frozen in carbonite hitting the floor
was him pushing over a dumpster he just
pushed it over a dumpster and recorded
the clang of the dumpsters that's
classic Foley that's probably Foley but
but then I'm talking about like the
creating of sounds that don't exist like
like creating the lightsaber sounds that
sound engineering I believe okay okay
instead of Foley that's a different
that's a die I think
where do we go boy back down it No
so yeah the reason I picked Foley then
is because there's there's far more room
for creativity mmm like that kind of
shit yeah right there yeah just making
shit what kind of fun thing can I do to
make noise sure sure
I can see that but yeah for me it'd be a
muppet I'd be a muppet hands down no
doubt
wait why are you waiting over there
again fucking kid doesn't make our way
back up this time it's lupus says if
this game were the Dark Knight this
kid's voice actor would be Christian
Bale's Batman voice it is just so hard
to listen to yeah you know he's a kid I
get it and it's it's uh he's not the
worst what
you know again I'm not I'm at that point
in the game where I'm not quite it kind
of I'm not quite sure like what the
message they're trying to give to us is
yet so I don't I don't really know what
they're going for
all right so the chat and I guess this
is free advertising for them and I don't
mind doing that they get together our
chat gets together and watches movies
that's true at times when we're not
streaming yeah and it sounds like they
watch the Indiana Jones movies in
chronological order in chronological
order Temple of Doom comes before
Raiders does it yeah oh it's like the
year before I did not I did not realize
that here's the thing I think it I
always thought it was neat that Temple
of Doom takes place before water it it
emphasizes that just Indiana Jones he
has just adventures whatever there's the
thing that happened one time yeah and
it's not necessarily the series of
events that happened just his fun
Indiana Jones story this one took place
then yeah yeah but here's the one thing
I can't reconcile with that right okay
Raiders of the Lost Ark Indiana Jones is
a complete non believer in religion and
in the supernatural okay and Temple of
Doom he encountered glowing rocks magic
rocks
he saw the magic rocks and he had to
pray to them to get them to work was was
there any sort of throwaway lines about
why it works or no no mr. magic rocks so
in some way it doesn't make sense it
doesn't fit it doesn't fit oh oh yeah we
definitely want that
I was increase we consented sure why not
can I go back in no well yeah I guess I
didn't I did not think about that indeed
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven since Indy
had to separately come to believe in
each individual religion there we go
and in the end in all of his movies
religion was correct
by the way it's fantasy I just point
that out and in the end of every Indiana
Jones movie religion is the winner I'm
not a believer but like this doesn't
bother me yeah yeah cuz it's just for
cuz you know what it's all a bit of fun
what he comes to believe in in the last
one love no aliens by the way when you
said the last one I was like what are
you talking about that he believes in
Christianity the Last Crusade the last
one because in my mind I really have
replaced that as the last one that is
the last Indiana Jones movie
because I see someone saying when is
Disney going to ruin the indie franchise
to which I say they Indiana Jones ruined
the Indiana Jones franchise we're
already good there
oh no they're still really really to bad
job okay you can the guys with wings the
guys with the ability to fly you can
knock off a cliff and kills them it's
fine it's that kind of like there's
there's a lack of attention dude maybe
they're not dead maybe they're just
wounded and they don't bother to get
back up and they're just like you know
he's too tough yeah I'm gonna leave that
guy be yeah maybe rich someone on the
chat saying aliens are a religion now
look at a lot of New Age beliefs they
kind of are look at Heaven's Gate look
at Scientology sure aliens are a
religion to some people that aliens are
something that people believe in despite
a lack of clear evidence you have to
have faith in aliens yeah yeah but
there's there's more than one UFO based
religion I believe that night absolutely
well I mean I know I know there's
Scientology at least but much I mean
just new is it what a new age is it more
to that category man ISM have some of
that too aliens no maybe maybe that's
been grafted on after the fact but
Joseph Smith was the thing before people
talked about flying saucers that was
just wasn't a concept people really had
there's no there's a thing with Mormons
and spaceframe you get your own planet
after you die is that a Mormon thing
yeah maybe it's not like it's not like
greys no no literally of my only
carefully everyone gets to become their
own God and they all get a planning my
only experience with Mormons is in the
expanse when they are building a giant
spaceship to go to the new planet
that's my only Mormon knowledge and so
that's why I was like doesn't mean oh
the
a Mormon alien thing what's happening
hey kid
okay I see I see
I see what's going on
there's a you didn't have to go to
Scientology or Mormonism there's a some
kind of Old Testament thing we're like
the chariot from the sky came down pick
up drop it oh and a lot of UFO guys say
that was an alien
sure was it that was a UFO yeah why not
why the fuck not I don't remember that
was in Chariots of the Gods or not that
was the book that speculated that the
pyramids were built by aliens all right
why not there's a famous book called
chariot of the gods
Chariots of the Gods sure
can someone please explain what
Mormonism is that that's the one who
really didn't hide the fact that their
scam all right a convicted con man
claims that he found magic gold tablets
by the were they buried by the Indians
who were actually a lost Jewish tribe
who sure and that they gave the gold
tablets to him or he found them I forgot
wedge and then he had a magic device
that let him translate the tablets even
though he was illiterate he had magic
glasses honest magic glasses yes it was
transcribing stone maybe that's it on
the gold tablet I like it and he
couldn't show anybody the gold tablet or
the translation stone but he said they
totally had them gotta trust me on this
one and you all need to follow me around
now because I have the secret last part
of the Bible
and then he says I get to have all the
women and that's what that's the magic
gold the magic gold tablets that I could
translate even though I'm illiterate
said I get all the women and and then
apparently and I don't know if this is
true but someone like hid the tablets
and was like oh no the temp circles you
have to you have to retransfer I've the
the TAT or all right they got rid of his
original transcription you have to do it
again he goes well I can but it might
not be the same because they change
because they changes sometimes so you
know God works in mysterious ways
it's great here we go now
because it's great sometimes
everything's great
what's up here there we go
so yeah more Mormonism is where is where
like they just stops putting the effort
into the con if you think about it they
had a really nice condo in for a while
please tell me this shit is just one
level or is the whole game the shitty I
haven't seen much fighting you've you've
been watching it this is this is the
game so far is a fight here and there
and then you know you walk around you
listen to people there's puzzle you
thingies I guess I could like I'm trying
to get this little treasure thing here I
could just probably go on and get to
another fight sooner but you're well
you're watching it in real time raw
unfiltered gameplay like I said yeah I'm
doing some treasure hunting because you
know sometimes there's some cool shit in
the in the treasure boxes but there's
this other thingy okay I get it so
there's one there's one where's the
third ah there it is
I do it no oh that's right they have a
quick turn button
you wanna get sick you press the quick
turn button I'm already feeling under
the weather yep don't don't watch don't
watch the screen in the next few minutes
I'm not gonna use the quick turn but
okay fine find a good cutoff point which
probably start wrapping it up sure I'm
gonna get this treasure and then that'll
be the cutoff point how about that no I
gotta kind of get a caught up on tips to
anonymous says what is your favorite
horror movie made in the last 20 years
which
the witch is fucking great throws me off
when you say last 2000 yeah what it's
been in the last 20 that throws out
nightmare and almost read oh that's a
good one yeah
let those throw that out yet that throws
out a lot of the Friday the 13th that
throws out freaking Evil Dead - oh shit
what should be my which would be my
sister that's kind of your default
answer of course that's not just best
horror movie that's just best movie
period it's in its I'm being honest it's
in the running I'm in the running
no I only laughed because it's so true
even though it's Evil Dead - hey kid no
no I still wanted to be up there even
though - is the greater somebody in the
chat I asked earlier how we feel about
it being cancelled sad I'm not shocked
and there's a really weird thing where
that just the one episode at the end of
the season - just really just killed him
it sucked all of the air out of the
sails
it sucked how much I cared about it
because like I I I'm a fan of the series
and and I don't necessarily care about
the third season I didn't understand it
was out yet listen we got more Evil Dead
right oh yeah that's great the whole
entire series was fucking worth it for
the morgue episode as far as I'm
concerned yes right so we should all
just be great and let's be happy that
it's done before it got too bad okay so
okay I I thought season 1 was a little
flat to be honest with you I wasn't too
happy with season 1 season 2 was pretty
alright
the middle of season 1 was kind of blah
but the bookends started strong they did
strong I think that's the most the the
the beginning in the end I think are the
two most important things to get right
just in my personal opinion sure sure
I mean you don't want a shitty middle
but well yeah you don't want to shitty
anything now best-case scenario is it's
all great somebody's saying what about
scream
it wasn't scream more than 20 years old
at this point is a scream late 90s I
just I just don't know I have no cup Oh
what does this mean
remember the shape
96 ya scream is more than 20 years old
so I didn't list him Oh deal with the
old man screams old now what's the
puzzle Oh being only half an hour long
really hurt ash vs. Evil Dead for me you
got it you got binge watch it
binge it that's that's the joy of the
binge it doesn't matter how long the
episodes are there's another episode
waiting Trey you help me could've listed
Faust I wasn't as big on that as Jack
urge a no in Faust it's like it's it's
bad I mean Faust is bad it's not like a
great movie it's just very interesting
that's kind of the joy of Faust in how
is oh here we go that's how I get up
there is in how interesting it is where
did it get cancelled why does any
service it gets canceled could cancel
probably doesn't have enough viewers
relative to what they're spending on it
well okay can I point out something
really stupid in this in this game you
may I'd like to point out something
incredibly stupid so so this the the
puzzle in this game's world there's this
little puzzle involved to open the door
where that thing up there is like a sand
pit and you need to draw the symbol yeah
for the thing that solves the riddle and
he gave a little riddle like I started
off really small but I can grow into
anything right yeah it's a recede but
the answer is seed which is that symbol
right there okay so the answer to the
riddle is literally the closest thing to
where you they ask the riddle I'm sorry
that's just like that's just a very
again in game that's just a very silly
thing but I just in in this universe to
solve the riddle to open the door the
answer is right there that's very soon I
think that's very silly all right I'm
gonna open this door and that's probably
going to be a Hello
hello all you nice people
okay how hard it says hey again random
Foley fact for you all
the sound of the interior doors opening
closing of the enterprise was a fully
artist putting all pulling a letter out
of a large envelope you creative Foley
is creative I really like that thank you
for letting us that's that's I can hear
it now Terrence ed says comedian Dana
Gould
Gould Gould said that nerd culture is
basically run by the people who use nerd
as an insult that many of the hot women
at comic-con are models paid by brands
and studios to mingle in the crowds okay
I I don't have much to add to that I
mean what what that might be true
sometimes it might not be true other
times I don't know man like I think some
of them are paid models but I don't
think they hide the fact that they're
paying bottles and I also think that
there are people at comic-con who aren't
paid models boom take that Dana Gould
well known them something for just hired
models didn't come to the booth eh yeah
yeah that's I'm dressed up like the
character they paid me to dress up like
the character that's just a thing we all
knew yeah I don't know if I'm like if
that was ask if maybe Dana Gould didn't
know that and so they he was really he
was really like shocked maybe I don't
know yeah David I know people says why
can't I leave a note when i prime
subscribe no more anyways Jack and rich
know when you guys gonna injustice to
and that was a great time since the
legendary version came out so you get
all the stuff cheap hmm yeah justice to
has has Hellboy and the Ninja Turtles
never said it wasn't gonna happen yeah
yeah hey you know what that's the that's
right but Tavares Kirk just wants to
double down on this whole comic-con
thing booth babes are not the same as
people in the crowd right right right
and I think that just been a known thing
for like ever
siren said says do you consider crystal
skull to be the worst sequel that hurt a
major franchise or is that still batman
and robin or meili
maybe alien 3 no it's the Phantom Menace
the prequels in general but I am the
only no Crystal Skull came out and
everyone was able to forget about it and
didn't really affect the rest of the
Indiana Jones well maybe they're just
talking about financial aid oh did it
did the worst did it too bad probably
probably well hurt hurt the future of it
oh sure no look here's the thing with
Crystal Skull yeah even even if it were
great I don't know how many more of
those they were gonna make anyway I mean
he's he's such an old man oh he's so I
know yeah maybe they would have squeezed
another one out maybe but the clock I
know order what you do the clock was
ticking on that yeah yeah the arc matter
yes Conan O'Brien was a writer on The
Simpsons for a while and Batman and
Robin I it it it may have put the the
Batman franchise on hold for a short
time but I remember at the time Batman
Begins came out I'm thinking they didn't
wait long they don't wait long for a
reboot I think it was a while it was a
while between reboots but I mean there's
a ridiculously short wait now but at the
time I thought it was absurd that Batman
Begins came out so soon so I don't I
don't think Batman and Robin ultimately
did that much damage to Batman as a
franchise
no no probably not it did make them
swing really hard in the dark direction
though yeah as far as like teetering and
tottering like you know Tim Burton was
kind of on the dark side and then they
teetered to the Schumacher goofy side
and then they teetered hard to the dark
side and they're actually still on that
teeter and Batman V Superman came out
and it broke it broke the teeter yep it
can no longer taught her and one more
IDO kendo I'm disappointed with how much
I relied on the Internet's help to get
through blood-borne and do all the cool
things you know do you have a similar
experience
it's the game too cryptic okay well as
far as if you're talking about like like
co-op it or not people help I'd never
really did that but blood-borne I did in
that stream was fun but yeah I don't
really do that but as far as like hints
on puzzles and finding out things and I
didn't know that no yeah I I looked that
shit up all the time I don't really care
oh yeah yeah yeah like I don't I don't
think any of that is necessary to beat
the game yep my first playthrough the
game was completely Internet less and
you know I I made it through the entire
game there was a lot I didn't pick up on
and so my second playthrough I I did a
little research like oh what can I do
here what can I do with this person who
I'm talking to can I do anything fun so
my first playthrough though I didn't and
I I do try to stay as far away from the
internet as possible because I do want I
want the game to open itself up to me
yeah like let me figure it out it's been
especially hard with all the Zelda shit
I'm trying to get right now where it's
like oh it's so easy C is so easy with
me yeah let's go edit look at a
walkthrough get out of town because I
have to just cuz what I miss I miss I
just don't care love the iPhone on my
own
that's the joy of the past I do fight it
on my own yeah great no that's like to
me that's the whole joy of the put like
right now I got I'm trying to populate
that little town you know you're the in
breath of the wild where the but one of
the builders leaves after you're done
upgrading your house and he starts
building that other town and he's like
I'm looking for a go-around with the
last name of sob he doesn't say Goren
just his last name of son most of them
right I just need somebody who's a cop
and a last name song well for this and
for the first one he needs someone to
move rocks and so they have to be strong
and so they have to be a Gorham let's
just that's just an obvious clue but
yeah yeah oh right no but I've just been
like I've been searching fucking
everywhere for this goron and I can't
find him here's the thing here's the
thing I did some of those like I'll find
it on my own yeah but I felt like I was
spending wasting too much time looking
eventually I just got to a fucking Oh
didn't bother me at all didn't bother me
at all
that I would if I have to look something
up on the internet a puzzle like that I
sit a defeat on my part yeah yeah
definitely a hundred percent the the
only the problem with this puzzle in
particular like the fill the town puzzle
is he doesn't give you any clues beyond
I'm looking for a go around with the
last name of son everything else is like
oh maybe if you check here maybe you
know like they give you some sort of
cryptic poem that you can decipher but
this guy's just like I need to go around
yeah okay so in this case I might make
an exception just because they give you
no information and it's a fucking big
map like when I beat that game the first
time yeah after I beat it I'm well I'll
do all the shrines I wanna I want to get
DM I know there's an unlockable costume
I'm gonna get that custom I'm gonna get
all this right sure I did not waste time
walking around the world I gotta find
every one of my own I just think I
already beat the fucking game I mean I'm
smuggling Google
oh the Zelda shrine map but I put their
shrine map up and I looked at my screen
I don't have this one over there that
one down here the clear out of this area
first yeah
man I don't know about that some of it
all right so uh names yeah yeah we're
we're good to go this is the point of
the stream in which we thank all of you
lovely people who came out to our stream
it's it's a little shorter stream
tonight just because rich is feeling a
little ill if my voice goes I'm gonna
have you finish no absolutely okay okay
hey we got because we got stuff to film
and you need your voice for that so
we're gonna thank all the people who
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like VX one three five who has
subscribed to us for twenty two fucking
months in a row da-fu forever
Sean underscore 431 the fucking months
in a row
who says trouble shooting streams are
almost as good as random camera
knowledge streams trouble shooting I
don't think we were troubleshooting
troubleshoot I don't think we
troubleshooted anything this this dream
you know no problem we go chrome voodoo
mama Ganza the end here Oh Val 5001 for
14 months in a row Jonesy they don't
heliosphere 1969 423 fucking months in a
row turbo Dangerfield for 13 months in a
row says celebrity vets come in threes
in recent days we've had Harry Anderson
Barbara Bush and Verne Troyer pass will
be the next half a celebrity death oh
man he really died I don't mind dark
humour but that is I mean it was kind of
soon it's kind of not bad though
no that is not bad to be fair that is
probably also a joke that Verne Troyer
would enjoy as he was very good at
making fun of himself oh just that just
makes me sad now makes us sad that does
MC Pugh for 19 months in a row while he
rushed n says five months this is the
first time it is
let me leave a message I'm going to make
the most of it you did it you did it
Eagan whoo nine one seven dr. smoke
trees for 19 months in a row says you
guys hear the doomed to rumors Bethesda
VP of Marketing dropped the phrase
whether or not folks realize it this is
the hell on earth time for us with III
in an interview Oh III don't think it's
particularly shocking do a doom 2016
sold rather well and and was generally
praised pretty popular says oh man that
popular game that made a lot of money is
getting a sequel what I am glad and not
shocked no no and apparently Bethesda
has also been very happy with all of its
games that came over to the switch they
have had a recent influx and a lot of
money with all their switchboards good
so that's good it's always nice always
nice the fine people over at Bethesda
where are we we are at
Darmok talk room 1f see elite for 20
fucking months in a row who says 20
months
holy Butz valiant blood shot says you
hacks always entertained me keep it up
you frauds
thank you very much had evil crash nine
for twenty four fucking months in a row
Wilkins the clown for 39 motherfucking
months in a row tiny dwarf who says rich
mule nur in Swedish is called mule nur
pronounce it as it is written would you
go cuckoo as it's written if we
pronounce it as it as it was written we
would call it em Joel nur Magellan or
Magellan er that's how we would
pronounce that I don't I don't I don't I
don't run across many unloads and I'd
really I don't properly understand how
that affects the sound of the oh right
so it says with the Oh with an umlaut
pronounced like an e a in Earl
you're so it's mural new Jarrell Majer
again medjool Magellan here I know I
can't do it I think it's meal here I
fucking give up zero meal yeah it's it's
a tough name to pronounce and we've had
like four four movies to get together
and we haven't done it Abdo just for 19
I thought it was 19 I got confused as
one night wait am i reading no ma'am I'm
no Jess for 19 months in a row says kill
it with Oh another cutscene Oh what what
you guys have witnessed during this
three hours is what kind of what I've
experienced throughout the entire game
just to put that out there if you're on
the fence for buying this game so far
this is my experience with the game I
don't know if it changes as the game
goes on but so far this is my experience
Doh Dan Z says love you guys thanks for
helping me get through some tough times
in my life yeah well hey doden Z thank
you for watching Veronica's 4:17 Leyland
Veronica's for 17 months in a row says
snow and April
Old Man Winter has yet to fuck off I
think he finally did today today nice
out today was fantastic today was a
great day I got high hopes I got high
hopes
uh mr. rbl potato hater
damn you potato hater toot sweets 2 3 2
3 blame 5 honky and a row who says feel
better rich great game Jack thank you
thank you
this time it's lupus for 30 fucking
months in a row says now I don't believe
in the red letter media curse but a few
days after you have a few Austin Powers
references and an episode of best of the
worst Verne Troyer dies
you murderers did we did we mention
mini-me or just reference Austin power
probably just awesome power okay that
doesn't count
I don't know that God that doesn't count
he's not in the first one that's true
yes true
ah notable fish no not a blob fish is
that is that name there's a lot of
similar looking letters yes not a blob
fish which is a blob fish is a notable
fish as it's very strange
that's oh oh it's Oh are poor Mogo yes
Quinn some niak who says fart bill was
right Chris games 2004 20 fucking months
in a row who says a pleasure is always
to catch you gentle and live if mildly
under the weather rich is up for it
would you terribly mind saying loudly oh
my god Kim get out of bed my wife needs
a stronger alarm thanks and stay awesome
well there you go
dis t87 white beads 444 motherfucking
months in a row pennies pennies zero
1980s not safe for wookie
Anarchy Pony Lord way yeah yeah that's
probably better way yeah
Lord way just keep up the good work
chaps I look forward to the Nintendo lab
oh cardboard construction stream maybe
maybe we'll do that I don't know maybe
maybe maybe we should have a stream will
we find some cardboard and we just make
up our own the lab Oh games
and to season what we can build out of
cardboard whoo
but we title it a lab Oh extreme yeah
yeah and then they just won't work that
could be funny I just like a giant a
giant lab old cardboard dildo well
picture we'll pitch our idea for an
adult switch game with a cardboard dildo
or or we make we make the best lab Oh
accessory there is and we make a lab Oh
keyboard and mouse
there you go Nintendo balls in your
court
Tanksley
nine to six Saul trademark ollie Raza
for twenty six fucking months in a row
Darian Draconis farmer Phipps
who says I really enjoy listening to
your banter it's hard to find a real
good down-to-earth people am I good you
know I mean we're real maybe we're down
to earth you're like you're the
goody-goody I'm the asshole
he's goodie and he's an asshole
it's prereq yeah you two are a breath of
fresh air keep doing what are you doing
horny culprit Selvi 54 Shawn Simonis
says whoo two months you guys have done
the best job as a straight you yeah whoo
two months you guys have done the best
job as strangers pronouncing my last
name fYI it said Simonis hey you did it
good job you two you absolutely
pronounced it correct
MLG free man die Glocke e clam offending
go who says hey guys I think you should
change the players choice on the plinky
toe board to Black's fine if the puck
lands there you get to pick another one
of those wonderful black spine tapes
don't give Mike any ideas
don't do it we don't like him dr. Gupta
hooked her hanker for 29 fucking months
in a row says thanks that's all just
thanks thank you doctor going to Avery
hotsauce Johnson does thanks to the
stream and saving me $60 it's like mr.
Finbar oh it's adequate perfectly
adequate today x4 39 motherfucking
months I wrote says though amazing ups
and downs across my personal emotional
and professional lives currently at a
big up you guys have been there with
laughs and the occasional Sierra stream
thank you so much yes what's the best
way to donate to you guys with money you
know you know being being a subscriber
we really appreciate a tipping through
the the stream tip works but really just
being here watching being a subscriber
for as long as you have to Dax we really
appreciate it like if you want to tip us
yeah money is preferred over a written
letter that has life advice let me give
you a tip you know in a handwritten
letter and an eight-page handwritten
letter things I think you should use all
that all the things that I think would
make your life better one you need to
watch Stargate Atlantis to here's why
you need so much Titus 3 I really think
you should give Final Fantasy 7 another
try for is a detailed list of anime I
think you'll enjoy absolutely but thank
you David in oh people who says wait I
can leave a message her a jack what you
think about the Bebo tastic ending of
legends of tomorrow I'm sorry I don't
watch legends of tomorrow so I have no
thoughts I think it's I think it's David
I know people
oh I could be wrong cuz it's not a k2w
right but I think it's I know people
David they know people David I know
people back that would make a lot more
sense than II know I capital speak
capital yes is very important robust
turbo nope a roost turbo mango ice a
bone badger thank you for the
capitalization and thank you for 44
motherfucking months in a row
scary gargoyle man says schwim swamy
back out of them
swam swim swam bum a bing bang oh god no
choice when bumbling been there you go
you did it Joe bag of doughnuts
mr. glitch who says let's just call
Thor's hammer Stanley I that was
actually a part of the Thor moves that I
did enjoy was a Natalie Portman sassy
friend referring to the hammer as muumuu
I always thought that was cute and miu
miu just give up on everything
and Ivan Lee who says I'm probably too
late I don't really care you're not
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
have a nice night I got no job do you
know I got you
