Feb 11, 2018
Slay the Spire, Injustice: Gods Among Us
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/228250761
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/228251768
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/228252538
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9DXsBjCaRM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtEAvjc6SZU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka4fdxjFpLs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/962803017731969024

[Part I]
for anybody who's horribly upset right
now a horribly letdown we are playing
injustice it's still downloading it's
it's a big download originally the plan
the original plan was Diddy Kong tonight
yep the the ever-elusive
Diddy Kong we've hit
we've hit now yet another Diddy Kong
snag rich so what happened fer what was
the first thing we ordered I told you
about Diddy Kong it sounds like Mario
Kart but there's like a story mode
exploration aspect to it I said oh how
fun I didn't realize that I thought it
was just a racing game let's get that so
of course you know step one of course is
what buy it on eBay and wait for it to
come oh yeah it takes like a week or so
to get what it shows up like all right
let's play Diddy Kong so you know we
bust down the old reliable n64 uh-huh
man when we get it all set up and we say
let's play and we hit the button and for
some reason the n64 isn't even coming on
not even turning on its and then
strangest thing where it's it's almost
as if someone was literally smashing it
to pieces without saying anything ahead
of time to you about it that my fully
functioning 64 has now been completely
broken
so step back number two right is the n64
wha
it was being used as a prop for a while
on half of the bag and Mike smashed it
yeah so so that happened okay so we got
to get a new instance new and so forth
but but you know what I want to go a
little bit faster this time so I go to a
local secondhand store yeah and buy one
there cuz I can get it like the same day
like oh we are gonna play Diddy Kong I
get that one and then I'm smart and I
wait till I get home before we stream
not not during a stream yeah for we
stream and it doesn't work okay yeah
yeah so then I take it back and they
don't have any other ones so I get my
money back
but knowing 64 so
then I go back to eBay buy one
guaranteed working it is working it's a
working Nintendo 64 unit we're going to
play Diddy Kong today rich but we can't
find the DD Kong cartridge I can't I was
looking at home and at home III have
shelves and on my shelves are all my
stacks of games you know my my ps4 games
my switch games of my and then my
classic games all my cartridges yeah and
there's my big n64 stack and I don't see
Diddy Kong and I I didn't tear this
place apart I cannot find it here but
you know like there there's a slew of
n64 games like I can see right there
it's not there either and so now we
can't find the game we have a working
Nintendo 64 but we cannot find the game
so we had to change of plans tonight
people who want to see injustice for a
while the the DC comic universe fighting
game yes yeah and we're going to play it
it's just it's got about another half an
hour worth of downloading to go and
rather than delay streaming till 7:30
year or whatever the fuck it's gonna end
up bang just gonna play a little bit of
this while we wait play a little slay
this fire chat about nonsense while we
wait for it to download which i think is
a fine plan
I'm sure Diddy Kong is I mean it's
somewhere it's either here or at my
house no it's it's literally nowhere jam
it's it's I went into the nothing hour
you think that it was absorbed into the
negative zone the upside down I did not
return the other n64 with the cartridge
still in it
totally what happened cleaning out my
office and I threw away the broken
Nintendo 64 because you know you don't
need a broken in 64 and I'm sure the
cartridge wasn't in there because I
wouldn't do that because you know it's
not like a disc the cartridge sticks out
of the Nintendo 64 so you would notice
it's it's it's under it's gotta be like
under a stack of paperwork on my desk or
something whereas like oh I'll leave it
here right where I know it is yeah yeah
or it's here somewhere on a shelf on a
random shelf somewhere and there's so
many fucking shelves here we're just
never ever going to find it I guess so
it'll be fine everything will be fine
nothing will ever be fine or nothing
love everything will always be terrible
yeah no my kids wouldn't turn it into a
toy they have real toys they they would
have no use for not those fake toys they
would have no use for like a block of
plastic they have other blocks of
plastic that they play with so I'll get
it I'll get it we're gonna Diddy
we're gonna Diddy it's gonna happen
meantime I'm gonna keep trekking this
bird man do it the zealot sure whatever
I don't know he's the cultist
he's the cultist play pub G and
split-screen again I you know what I
haven't I haven't been playing because
of all of the goddamn cheaters every day
there are new cheats for pub G the most
popular game on the internet more cheats
for it every day I had a hideout how
about and I just like I can't feel good
playing it seeing all those people
cheating where it's just like that way
that would talk that would ruin my day
just like oh no like cheater killed me
yeah oh it's 20 minutes into it like a
really good game getting down to the
bottom - I want you to kill me well you
know why they're cheap white so they can
grind for the good items that are
selling for hundreds of dollars and so
they're cheating to kill more people -
it's a place first to grind for the good
items I have - oh yeah you have to
mega strengh yeah yeah absolutely get
drunk and play pub gene no not today at
least maybe maybe one of these other
days maybe one of these other days I
know fortnight recently like over past
pub G as most played yeah so a lot of
people lying people are getting into
that fortnight why don't you give it a
shot Jack I have I played fortnight Oh
III don't know if I played it on the
stream but I have played it coz it's
free you know she didn't stream it you
should stream it yeah like it's fine you
know what it's fine it's it's different
than pub G a lot of it was pretty okay I
think I might actually prefer pub G but
it was deep you know it was all right
it's free go also you can just like
download it and play it you you need to
install the epic epics game launcher the
epic game launcher but besides that you
know you need to sign up with an email
and and it's a free game which i think
who speaks really highly to it and I
can't you can't bash a free game
weirdly I think fortnight would be
better without the building but the
building is what differentiates it the
building is what makes it you know why
not a little bit crazy you sometimes I
got to experiment rich this is a this is
an experimental run play the top Carter
to draw pile and exhaust it start of
each turn game three string that's
pretty nice
there's no I need less cards because
that's how this game works absolutely in
pub G you can earn real money from
selling items there are gold farms using
cheats to get more money that's the
source of the ban China quasi races well
a lot of the chena cheaters
Keener's a lot of yeah that that those
cheater that was really close to a slur
that was really close to an
unintentional racial slur and I'm sorry
I'm a little tired today it's been a
it's been a long day a lot of the
cheaters are apparently from China
because yeah there they are grinding for
for in-game items to sell for real world
money it's gonna hurt but just
temporarily
check it I unintentionally racist
cheaters I talk well and good
do you know no but some no / sometimes
rich no / sometimes the injustice will
come the you wanna know what's going on
show up on time motherfuckers injustice
is downloading we're playing this in the
meantime I can talk a little bit about
um I can talk a little bit about the
shape of water I finally got to see the
shape of water okay have you seen this
no Guillermo del Toro's new movie okay
you know big Guillermo yes I know
guaranteed the pan yeah Pan's Labyrinth
so this is his new movie which you may
have heard about because it's about a
lady fucking a fish monster it's about a
lady falling in love with a fish monster
and fucking him right so it's it's that
it's that but without love no but with
the logo with a list of love with only
love and I have been really excited to
see it like this has been on my list to
see I love I loved Pan's Labyrinth so
hard and this seemed like a return to
Guillermo being like ultra weird and
metaphorical and just need to do
whatever he wants to do right this isn't
like big this isn't Hellboy or Pacific
Rim where he's like doing action schlock
this is him doing you know doing some
weird arty shit Oh dumbass that didn't
matter yeah he killed yeah so I was
really looking forward to salt last
night's and was pretty disappointed yeah
pretty disappointed I'm very sorry I I
will try not to spoil any of it but I
thought it was very shallow and yeah
yeah I thought it was very shallow like
I got I got done watching the movie and
I I was convinced that I had missed
something because it didn't like it like
it didn't click for me I was like oh
everyone loves this movie you know I was
kidding
Award nominations yeah it sounds like
wait a minute that's it and so you know
I look over really sounds like dude did
you get it cuz I didn't get it maybe I
didn't get like I was convincing myself
that I just didn't understand it because
I didn't like it you know and we talked
about it a bit and she's like no yeah we
went back and forth and we realized yeah
both of us got it and I was like oh oh
no then I don't like it I'm sorry yeah
yeah it's too bad but what are you gonna
do yeah play the top card of your draw
pile it's probably only worth it if it
costs nothing is that what the upgrade
did yeah yeah there you go you do
exhaust it though if you play the top
part of your drop pile oh nice at the
beginning so no and you know what there
there was a lot of good about the movie
like you know it's complicated as it
always is like the performances were
really great the monster effects looked
fantastic the whole movie looked really
great and it got a great visual style to
it the performance of the lead actress
was was phenomenal I just thought the
actual story and characterization of the
main character was super weak nice nice
oh man even break a sweat no that's
great in any case not not a big deal and
I mean it I think Guillermo won Best
Director at Golden Globes which he
deserves I believe that this is exactly
the movie he wanted to make so normally
this is great but I just don't need it
what are my thoughts on Michael
Shannon's pissed monologue you know
another were so shallow is one word to
describe the movie juvenile I think is
another word to describe the movie which
I get because he's going for a fairytale
thing and he wanted to he wanted to
definitely establish Michael Shannon as
like a dickhead bad guy
right ma'am I thought a skip it yes give
it you don't need more cards you know
anything the flaw of this game is okay
there's so much encouragement to not
have a big deck but there's always that
tempting there's all these cards
don't take them oh god don't take them
but there's always that temptation right
I think at the end that's the fatal flaw
of this game for me don't take those
cards no what is this card game it's
called slay the spire and it's a
roguelike deck building game currently
in early access on Steam yes I know
Lloyd beats I tried to convince rich to
change it in exploit but he decided that
it was not important no 25 minutes we're
gonna be playing injustice it's fine he
he rich said it wasn't important and so
we didn't do it oh you know what all
right fine
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna fuck him to
leave it you're gonna leave water you're
gonna leave it when when a justice is
done fucking I'm leaving over then we'll
change it again you and you can power
you can if you want yes I do I do and I
will
because if someone comes in you know
they were they want to know what we're
playing no wait wait why why does it go
off of it I have no idea I don't know
why it works
rich is way louder than Jack
they're fixed it they just are there
expecting proper names on this on the
video that they're watching no tairy
greene machine this is not one of those
evil loot box gambling games that turn
children into addicts those are
collectible card games this is a deck
building game which means if you buy the
game once you get all the cards right
away without paying any more money yes
you're not buying extra cards in this
you're not buying extra cards that are
better you're not paying to win you're
just you just have a random chance of
getting every card I beat this game yeah
just the once though not only beating it
once I'm gonna get some more playtime in
this week which is audio is much higher
than Jax tonight
what can you look at the zoom real quick
and just makes you run the same number
our numbers could have been switched
yeah looks like they have I'm all the
way it like nine there no they're about
the same spot someone was messing with
our shit and didn't change you back to
how was supposed to be there we go now
we should be fine
circle we're gonna play injustice did
injustice is downloading right now I
know they don't show up on time and then
they get cream comes just somebody had a
hack mod in the next time anybody
anybody just anybody any citizen justice
just put that message on Jesus fuckin
Christ
Thank You Akbar oh that's my favorite
one look at look at exclamation point
late yes they already talked about that
thing oh I'm entangled oh yeah you can't
do that sucks man I agree I agree
so we're rich yeah you and I this week
are gonna film an episode previously
recorded yes and it's it's our first
episode it's it's the it's it's been a
while since we've recorded an episode
yes and during our we'll call it a
sabbatical what it was yeah
during our sabbatical that's nasty
that's a lot of different enemies oh my
god so what what is that 8 13 18 18
damage into hex
sometimes I hate this game frequently
you know frequently I think that's it's
gonna be hard sometimes it's gonna be
hard sometimes so it's so in any case we
I took some time during our sabbatical
to rethink my gear setup because I've
been having some clients at ask me about
things like 4k video yeah and you know
for for commercial usage and all of my
clients like very rarely do my
commercials or videos that I produce for
companies end up on television but every
once in a while they do but mostly it's
just you know like a video for their
website or a video that we're making for
like an in-house presentation stuff like
that right right but everyone knows what
4k is and so everyone always asks if I
can do 4k and you know I've fir for a
long time I've been able to convince
them that 4k isn't really necessary you
know this is going on YouTube no one's
watching it in 4k we just don't we just
don't need it
we just don't know but they insist well
and you know it's it's the buzzword and
so um I actually I've gotten rid of my
old camera my the camera that I've shot
a whole ton of crap with my workhorse
that I've had for a while I used to have
a Panasonic af100
which was my solid old workhorse and I
have gotten rid of it okay which is you
know I'm not necessarily emotionally
attached to inanimate objects but hey
you know I got a lot of good use out of
that camera and I I've I've changed I
don't do a terrible amount of shooting
myself like most of I'd say like 70% of
the work that I do for clients is purely
editing but you know when I do shoot
they want nice 4k video and I've gone
full DSLR I've decided to get the
Panasonic gh4
they just they they just came out with
the gh 5s which is you know the new new
model
so the gh 5 just got a price drop yeah
but it's they're very similar specs but
the gh 5 actually has in-camera
stabilization so even if your lens
doesn't have stabilization there's
actual in-camera stabilization which I
thought would be very helpful at this
point yeah I'm tempted just to not
stream injustice for the rest of the
night because they keep asking
I just want to choke them all out and
just watch the Life Drain from each of
their eyes don't get suckered by the
in-camera Tiberius Kirk it's not digital
stabilization they do have digital
stabilization but it's actual physical
stabilization it's not a ton but just
enough to make handheld stuff look
smooth I've seen the comparison of their
digital their physical and the
stabilization completely off it looks
pretty nice it looks fairly nice but
then so here's the important part as far
as prereq is concerned and I know like
this hopefully someone finds this
interesting because this is what I spend
a lot of my time thinking about is like
the logistics of the shoot so I just
hope that one of you finds this
interesting because this is the only
story I have for the time being which is
I need to now completely rethink my
logistics for shooting prereq which is a
three camera shoot so you know here
right now I have we're shooting this on
the Panasonic gh2 I have a GH five and
then you know we have a slew of other
cameras here that that I can use for our
third camera but we're we're gonna have
to look at our options right
what but I'm just there keeping up on
the injustice though of course they're
there it's great in any case here's
here's something some of you might find
interesting
when it comes to hacking I when I bought
this gh2 okay so let me start it let me
start a little bit earlier so the the
other important thing not only does the
gh 5 do 4k but it's bitrate for
recording is wonderful and like 4k is
one thing but the bitrate for for how
much information the the camera takes in
per second is also really important and
so for example the the af100 has a max
bitrate of like 24 megabits per second
which means it cannot take in a lot of
information but the upside to that is
you get really long shoots you know you
a 64 gig card can last you 8 hours yeah
whereas the gh 5 has a mode that's like
a hundred and fifty megabits per section
per second which is a ton of information
you can get incredibly sharp images but
that's 64 gigabyte card is only going to
give you an hour and a half worth of
a-kor time which is that which are the
ups and downs of it so I need to figure
out how I can match my camera and your
camera for a prereq to make them look
similar and I can I can dumb down the GH
5 to only shoot at 24 megabits per
second which would be close to the gh 2
or I can use the gh 2 to its fullest and
not necessarily intended potential
Panasonic were being a bit of goobers
when they came out with the with the ght
rig yeah yeah the sensor in the gh 2 is
actually a really killer
sensor and they use it in other higher
and more expensive cameras and instead
of making a new sensor to put in there
you know kind of prosumer camera they
just throttled it the dickheads so out
of the box the gh2 only does 2000 only
records at a bit rate of 24 about
megabits per second but they have hacks
that you can install into the camera
patches that will open up the full a
hundreds 150 megabits per second it's
this because it's the same sensor that
they use in their high-end cameras yeah
and this whole community has grown
around messing with the source code of
the gh2 which is why I bought it
when I did buy it because that when I
bought it the gh3 was out but Panasonic
had already figured out that people were
hacking the gh2 so they fixed the
exploit so the the gh2 can get similar
bit rates to their new GH five which is
amazing right and and so I've been going
back to the the hacking forums for the
gh2 and they have a new one that's out
that's a solid 150 megabits per second
that will match my GH 5 and so what I'm
hoping is that the new hack for this
camera with the similar lens will look
just as good as my gh 5 when we shoot it
cross so like when I cut from your close
up to my close-up it will look
approximately the same detail level okay
which you know obviously like we're
gonna we're gonna find out it's it's
gonna be tough but so I have to take
that home tonight so I can tinker with
that and do some test shots with it Jack
I'm literally falling asleep yep
these are the I like these are the
things that I'm really excited about
like and I know no one cares like we
just want to hear me talk about you know
like hi this movie sucks hanzo and it's
like I'm trying to talk to you about the
actual production the like the process
of creativity in the in the in the rate
in the real life and then I'm so low
hey Dickens it's fine I'm gonna talk
about this because this is what I care
about I have to get rid of this card now
because that car is gonna be completely
fucking useless from here on out what is
it what is that clash it can only be
played if every other card in your hand
I I got this this pyramid so that I'm
never going to be able to use it sure
sure yeah that's just taking up space
then absolutely so in any case if you go
to if you can look up and you can get gh
twos for relatively cheap especially
compared to the old ones and and you
know just start googling you know gh2 i
use the driftwood hack so if you look at
Panasonic gh2 driftwood hack there is
there are forums and downloads dedicated
to like opening up the sensor in the gh
to to get images and video that you
would not believe they've they actually
hacked the interface so you can open up
the ISO to ridiculous levels it's almost
a night-vision camera like you can see
in the dark with it because they've
they've figured out a way to tinker with
the sensor and it's beautiful oh shit
yeah it's absolutely beautiful what's
the day what's the moral that's the
great question Chernobyl kids man what
is the moral difference between that and
NES roms well this while this does void
my warranty there is no law against
tinkering with the with the soft that is
not a great card is that card ever gonna
disappear right now it's show know the
code
this card stays but whatever card you
draw you exhaust you can only use once
right that's interesting yeah yeah I own
the camera and so like tinkering with
the operating system and and how it
functions will void the warranty but is
not illegal
so in any case it's different we're
gonna I'm gonna be messing around with
it tinkering a lot in the next couple of
days to try to figure out to make sure
that rich and I you don't get a nice
looking previously recorded I got us a
little a little sign yeah we got us a
little sign for for the set for our high
quality set
what's my attack forty two Jack my
attack is forty-two oh my god you're
straight my strength is 42 you're gonna
deal 48 damage with one that's amazing
first of all it's amazing
i I don't know commit scene I don't have
a gh4 I I've seen videos from gh4 and I
said I like Panasonic I am a Panasonic
person I've always had their cameras and
I've always been happy with their
performance
I now need good shield cards yeah yeah
there are none available to buy I'm
sorry shrug it off those are nice eight
block and draw card help cycle through
that's gonna be no good now yeah yeah
just get rid of it then wasting space
support small businesses yeah yeah why
not Canon I know I know they like
there's Canon on and what's what's the
big one is cannon that was Canon like
the first big DSLR to be used in for
video or was that I wasn't a Nikon yeah
I came from using Panasonic film cameras
and then I was so I was just comfortable
with their operating system and they've
never actually hard choice
she was one yeah but the one of 20 right
I could use I could use some good
defense
sure and it's something like barricade
it'd be nice
ya know the Canon 5d yeah that's it
though Cana 5d was the first big DSLR
yeah I just kind of always came from
Panasonic so you use what you know
nothing that's gonna help me will fuck
yeah you can do can you go back I think
it's too late now you can get another
shrug it off I'm getting a little more
defense and draw another card you could
never lose this to strength with a weak
wait create a copy of an attack or power
I don't have any card that's really good
with okay
shrugging off why not I mean I guess
it's it's a safe that's a that's a say
that's a milquetoast right yeah kind of
yeah
rich please give me Dead Rising help
what kind of help do you need how I get
good what makes you so sure you're not
helpless
oh this fucker this fucker right here
mr. happy life says I like to imagine
Jack as Rich's imaginary friend a
schizophrenic vision who lives in his
head babbling about hacking cameras rich
tries to ignore him and play his games
yeah yeah I'm really surprised jack has
stuck with micro four-thirds sensors
they're really good but considerably
smaller than a PS C's that's true and
you know that's actually one of that's
that's kind of part of the ecosystem
with you know the cameras and their
lenses which is you know like I started
with Panasonic so all of my lenses have
Micro Four Thirds mounts and while the
sensor size is smaller I haven't in
viewing examples online I haven't really
noticed a difference and remember I'm
not shooting for movies I'm not shooting
for cinema I'm shooting for YouTube and
sometimes for TV but mostly for YouTube
so I just don't need the power what's
more important with me you know
especially something like the gh 5 is
great because it has dual as d slots it
has upgradeable battery slots they
they've they've switched a lot of it
around to be more focused on work
horsing which which I really appreciate
they've completely gotten rid of that
little pop-up flash because no one ever
used it so just save the battery save
the headache and they've added a ton of
options in the menus just to completely
tweak your video experience
I like tech stuff but it clearly isn't
playing very well in the room this is
where we got today this is what we got
so guess what you go with it you just
got go with it the grim Panda says this
reminds me of when like Karen just
ignores rich when he does something in a
video game I got nothing to add of all
the technical aspects of this you're
that I just we got four minutes four
more minutes people you feel minutes you
can do it yeah sure I want to see
everyone so know what like have you ever
had have you ever gotten the jacks card
yeah I want to see what that is
do you lose health and gain strength I
believe oh no I want to because for that
Oh him you need the text I've never had
that while I ran into him yeah that's
what I'm saying this one - I've never
had this I've never had the golden idol
probably really good oh I'm sure I don't
do any of these I hope that rest rest it
up alright oh this game is so brutal
this game is absolutely brutal that's
true that's very true let's see here
edie Oquendo says I thought the
Cloverfield paradox was stinky
I wonder if straight to Netflix could
become a preservative like
straight-to-video
will studios dumping their trash onto
streaming become a new trend Netflix
paid a lot of money for the Cloverfield
paradox and apparent rumor has it that
they still want to release it in
theaters Universal yeah and so but you
know Netflix wanted that one of that
exclusivity period so they paid a lot of
money for
and apparently it's a big stinker hmm
shit happens
it could be a dumping ground for a
little bit until Netflix wises up
Netflix is already pivoting to original
content so the question is where will
their original content be that of
direct-to-video quality will you know
like they're altered carbon which was
basically math which was basically mad
Bladerunner that that's a perfect
direct-to-video canon movie yeah
bright was dumb bright was the dumb dumb
what do we got here Bruno monster 87 hey
rich and Jack you guys are great thanks
for all you entertainment on prereq and
other rlm shows hope this helps along
the way to make more and more content
you know bruno monster it does we really
appreciate it thank you thank you that
keeps this guy you know what it keep it
keeps us trudging through the snow to
come in keeps today started off really
awful weather-wise i actually texted you
earlier today just to be like ah weather
sucks let's call it a snow day but when
it got around to the afternoon the Sun
came out snow started melting a little
bit it turned out not so bad but today
started out sucky yeah bright the Will
Smith movie the dumb dumb just an utter
failure on on most every level an utter
failure on most every single level
there's there's a lot I can say about it
but people have already said their piece
about it if you guys watch um Lindsey
Ellis at all I want to say that's her
name she has a really fantastic episode
on bright and it's failure at world
building which I found to be really it
did a really great job of kind of
breaking down exactly the things that
bright did to break its own established
world it's great
what we got here Oh a rich says chicken
mcbutter axe Thank You chicken mcpot axe
by the way that's a very generous tip
rich this is rich congratulations on the
no death run thank you thank you thank
you to both for everything you do that's
great so I know it was a successful no
death right yes it was Dead Rising 2 was
it also a perfect yes you saved every
one you could possibly say yes that's a
did all of their side missions amazing
the only thing I didn't do was make it
from level 1 to level 50 cranking my
character up I could have grinded near
the end but I was streaming for like 11
and a half hours yeah that was I I could
have done it but but I did everything I
set out to do but like that wouldn't
have saved another no that no just would
have been a fully fleshed out doctor
yeah I I was like I'd come in every once
in a while just to check on you just to
see if you're still I was still going
it's like 1:00 in the morning and I was
like ready to go to bed like he's still
fucking going what are you doing what do
you do that's great congratulations rich
what's next why are you not even
thinking about it I don't anything about
what you do what you get nothing super
sight okay well maybe super exciting Oh
oh yeah I need to upgrade at first
before it's worth anything okay all
right I've got the thing Mike you see
how my hand keeps getting just larger
and larger yeah I've got a card I just
picked up a card that when I upgraded
only when I upgraded it upgrades every
card in my hand yeah yeah that can be
super awesome could be super awesome
but I'll die because my health was
constantly getting whittled down that's
how this game works
of course I'm never I'm never gonna get
to the point where I can use it that's
that's every roguelike though is there
any option to not play this game
apparently not
all right last help presumably nine
oh that's fuck this game
let's see here anonymous says hey rich
yeah I just recently bought all the
seasons of Rick and Morty I really like
it
my favorite aspect is the seemingly
improvised dialogue especially with the
interdimensional cable yeah fave Rick
and Morty episode it's hard to pick a
favorite for him or any episode I like
many of them mmm that's what I got
good that's okay that's okay that's fine
this that's fine that's fair
Lloyd beat said I've been playing the
recently out of early access to
subnautica and it's goddamn magical it's
a survival game where you crash land on
an alien ocean fantastic crafting and
emergent story it's great okay I have
heard that about subnautica I'm not sure
it's a gamer oh that is upgraded
I must have bought the upgraded version
oh maybe I maybe I got one of my relics
upgrades skills i buy whenever you play
a power it randomly upgrades the card in
your hand no no no that one yeah makes
it cost zero yeah oh that one's go-kart
oh nice
whenever you play a skill at randomly
upgrade something nice great
that's fantastic
what's in my hand is everything what's
in my discard I you only have five cards
and you discard fuck that's irritating
what is what do I think of Lacroix Kiwis
son dia all of the Lacroix skinny cans
are great the skinny tall cans all of
those double flavor ones are great if
I'm going for you know the standard
Lacroix I'm a fan of lime Lacroix
that's bad private even my favorite like
standard flavor lime oh my God look at
all those upgraded cards that's
beautiful
actually just need more attack cards in
general now good times almost right yeah
don't mess right though it's gonna cost
me nothing right
nice a nice what we got here
a purple space bazooka says hey guys
rich yes this is an honor of your epic
Dead Rising on to run thank you
spend it on Star Wars cheez-its and Diet
Coke or not it's up to you also if you
haven't seen it check out shin Godzilla
lots of fun that is on my list the the
Godzilla movie made over in Japan oh
yeah absolutely it's supposed to be it's
supposed to be a good one it's supposed
to be a good time on my list of things I
want to see
I'm liking I'm liking this deck do it
take it all the way take it to the top
no I'm just just here if I beat this guy
we're gonna go swish you in justice take
it to the top well take a vote okay
we'll take a vote that's fair I won kuru
says I just moved back to the good old
US of A I'm paying $2 to hear Jack say
fuck Germany with emphasis why
apparently they did not like living in
Germany and now they're back in the US
of A okay
that's the more reason for us to insult
the whole country well I was just
reading the tip I have no ill will
towards Germany in fact at the time I
spent there I had a lovely time
well I'm ill will towards like World War
2 era Germany sure well sure rich I'm
sure there was plenty of times in
history where I would not want to go
there but the time I did spend there it
was lovely rosier anonymous says fellow
gearhead here I UNAC Lee enjoyed that
camera discussion fuck you Chad thank
you an animus
I know it's and I get it it's not do you
know why people like talking about pop
culture rich why Jack why is that
because it's pop culture it is the
popular thing in everyone's life so
everybody kind of knows about it that's
why people like Star Wars and talking
about you know the big thing because
everyone knows about it so when I talk
about it or when you talk about when
anyone talks about they can get inside
but I'm talking about a very niche and
specific specialized craft thing so not
everyone can get into it so I understand
I get it
I'm like I get it
I gave the doll alpaca deathtraps is my
favorite thing about a rich solo stream
is picturing a guy random randomly
popping in and trying to figure out why
five hundred people are watching a
middle-aged man silently play a game for
11 and a half hours yes someone had no
idea who you are like wow this guy has a
lot of viewers it's not really saying
much it's so weird I know it's not so
weird okay okay that's how it's done
got a nice tangerine the great you know
I'm okay with any of the orange flavored
Lucroy as well tangerine orange those
are fine as well so my hand is actually
full let me up the way it was what do
you have here 3 6 10 10 hands 10 cards
is the most yeah yeah that's really fun
so you cannot fill your entire hand with
your entire deck yes that's good to know
actually don't know what I don't even
know what to do right now right take it
take a moment take a breather read all
the cards I want to wait a little bit on
a Limit Break sure are you you're
growing attack every time doing I'm
getting three tech every turn yeah yeah
yeah yeah if you can wait a couple more
turns
Lucroy is good but it cost more than it
should you know the and there are
off-brand Loch Roy's that are slightly
cheaper but I mean you know here in
Wisconsin you can get a 12-pack of
Lucroy for five bucks and if you compare
that with a 12-pack of you know soda
it's gonna be a little bit cheaper and
of course no sugar no calories and so
it's a healthier option and especially
for those of us who maybe like soda or
beer and are looking for a calorie free
replacement that's where the croix
really shines is you just want something
fizzy to drink but you don't want the
sugar that's that's why I love Lacroix
it scratches that itch alrights like I
need some fizzy I need a soda I need a I
need a beer or I can have a Lacroix
oh my god you're 40 yes rich is becoming
a murder monster here fuckin juste 60
damage it's just a normal strike garden
yes yes
you took him down so that's amazing rich
you're doing great I am doing great
doing great
let's double my strength again jack
what's double it again oh so wait what's
the base what's the base strike now
I think you're gonna win don't worry
I've got a good deck you have a good
deck perfect he didn't hit you once I
think he got some whack said but he
didn't know no it said perfect Wow yeah
Oh rich I kind of think you got to keep
going with this
we can play injustice right take it take
a let's take a straw poll let's take it
I'm serious let's take it okay I know I
know everyone wants injustice but this
oh my god what exhaust your hand deal
seventh damage for each exhausted car
their hand that shit adds up but exhaust
your hand that's the killing blow once I
get my strength up every card is gonna
be worth like 30 and and then if you had
if you had seven cards in your hand you
could do 300 damage in theory in theory
you're rhyming you're right
I'm keeping an eye I'm keeping an eye on
the straw poll vote so vote vote what
you won
this is act 3 by that so by the way just
to make sure you're aware this is the
last level yeah I know I know
well just for everyone in chat this was
the last level here so far
it is 54% with continued with this run
okay
so that is what that is what we are at
so far it's gone up to 57% 58% want you
to continue the run we are at 60%
continue to run I say that that's that's
a that's a almost a major major majority
so I say keep going rich boom yep we are
at over 60%
just there's no electoral college with
straw polls get that's a funny joke I
could
Jack talk more about cameras now the big
question and I won't get too in-depth
into cameras is you know the important
thing for me is matching richen eyes
close-ups and so like my gh 5 will be
great when I'm just shooting single
camera for you know commercial worker or
my online videos but because we're gonna
shoot in a three camera setup I think my
G H 2 and G H 5 will match close enough
once I up the bitrate on my gh 2 to a
hundred megabits per second like my GH 5
so the close-ups of me and rich should
match pretty good then choosing which
camera I use for the wide is going to be
a bit of a gamble you know here at the
studio we have more AF 100's which you
know those are those are fine cameras
but they only have a bit rate of 24 28
megabits per second and so there is
going to be a clear quality difference
between that and the DSLRs you didn't
miss unjustice it's it's coming it's
coming
yeah what would you recommend is a good
starter camera for someone with no real
filming experience at all your phone
because you probably already have a very
nice camera on your cellphone most
people do if if you're thinking about
just you know filming shorts and filming
the world around you
maybe maybe get a little hole a nice
little monopod for your phone and start
filming on that because it's nice
cameras on that
Jack's camera talk is my new ambien
you're welcome everyone you're welcome
it's Sunday night we all got work
tomorrow so let's let's you know wrap it
up early but but for your first camera I
just try to make it as cheap as possible
whatever whatever you use try to make it
as cheap as possible there's a lot of
nice cameras out there but you will
learn as you go along and then you will
learn what kind of camera you need there
are plenty of cheap DSLRs out there but
they can get expensive really quick talk
about lenses you talk of a battery
upgrade you talk about all the SD cards
you need you talk about the hard drive
space to hold all that footage costs can
compound really easily before you even
know if you like shooting so start with
your phone and and just cuz I'm gonna
I'm gonna drag this out one more turn
just cuz I want to see how much damage
that does I know he's gonna respond
exhaust your hand well wait so right now
it's ten damage per right I just want to
see the big number okay sure
this should be it that's it it is seven
damage that's the boss killer yes that's
the boss Slayer motherfucker so how many
cars you have in your hand right now one
a lot one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten six hundred and seventy
damage let's take a look at this number
okay only had 55 left
that's beautiful rich that's your second
that's the deck yeah you might have just
done it
would you recommend renting cameras
before buying them it does damage for
exhausted cards not cards in your hand
no it exhausts all of the cards in your
hand and turns them into damage yes so
he had 10 cards in his hand he exhausted
all of them doing 670 damage which is
insane
but renting can work but usually you
know you're paying you're paying for the
time and then that time is gonna be
spent learning that camera more so if
you have a friend or acquaintance who
will just let you play around with it
for a couple of hours for free if you
just can you know find someone to say
hey I'm looking to see if I want to buy
this camera can I help you on your shoot
can I just come to where you are and
goof around with it and shoot some stuff
for a little bit just to see if I like
it the name of the game is don't spend
money
okay where are we here
where are we here blough 79 says hey
Jack I teach a middle school television
program which cheap camera should I try
and convince my principal to buy me
our current studio cams are 1990 from
1996 and use VHS is there should be 70
damage she's got 65 health
oh I miscalculated that's gonna hurt oh
Allah oh that's fine too you know what
you know why our math is wrong that card
does that card doesn't count that car
doesn't count the time you have to
multiply PI now we've learned something
that was an expensive lesson right there
yeah I can I can I can heal we can we
can deal okay we can deal
which cheap camera should have try and
convince my principal to buy me for a
middle-school television program
look depending you know if you have
multi camera setups look at the look at
the ALP the output so you want to make
sure they're full HDMI so they'll
they'll be easily output to however I
don't know what how your system works
but just make sure that you can send a
signal out of them easy and if the point
of them is to teach kids how cameras
work you know maybe one with a lens that
you can manipulate would be fun
the the AF 100's the Panasonic AF 100's
with some cheaper lenses are workhorses
they they do a great job they have a
full HDMI out and they work great but
there's a lot of options and I just
don't know all your particulars you can
email us email me at prereq at red
letter media and give me some more
specifics and maybe I can help you with
your purchasing predicament this talk is
as boring as an AF 100 that's true it's
a boring camera it's not a sexy camera
all the complaining about my camera talk
just really makes me want to talk I know
the camera talk I know yeah I'm getting
but people are also asking some mm-hmm
where are we
odd trick says here's five dollars
towards rich not playing injustice
tonight if you get poor it of slaves
fire you could play Friday the 13th no
no no we've promised we have we have
promised and you know this is 34 times
one - oh no you're not doing it okay oh
I suppose yeah he's he's not attacking
this right yeah yeah
moose skur deuces rich I never would
have played FTL if not for you I assume
that's a compliment
Jack you got not only me but my fiancee
hooked on The Binding of Isaac
now you nerds have me playing this deck
building game please stop I'm sorry you
found enjoyable things because of us
it's true yeah I mean what it what are
we what are we gonna do we keep we keep
you know showing you things that you
enjoy and I'm sorry
okay yeah yeah now you're ready now
you're ready
goodbye
all right get me healing please give me
healing real robber OCS we are going to
play that's worth it
that's absolutely that's absolutely
worth it we are gonna play the story
mode of injustice yes yeah I think
that's part of the fun of the game right
it is like yeah seeing the story in full
so that's the plan is to play the story
mode of injustice low Spiros says here's
my first tip mr. hack and mr. fraud once
when I was a child my little sister got
us kicked out of a movie for laughing
too hard rich has your laugh ever had
you evict 'add also victim also fucked
us up from a movie theater no no I've
gotten some dirty looks before I'll tell
you that yeah you know you laugh at an
inappropriate moment and you know some
people who are into the feeling of the
movie don't find that too nice but
you've never been you've never been
kicked out of a movie theater before no
okay great never in my life ever removed
from a movie theater it's gonna hurt but
that's you know that's my strat it's the
strength
yeah
that's the strap
rumor I'm not gonna talk anymore camera
time and I probably don't even remember
what my first camera was my first real
camera DV camera might have been a Canon
like my first you know like everyone had
a VHS camera like at home but like the
first camera that I got to shoot stuff
that wasn't like a you know an
over-the-shoulder via jackhammers pray
pray that everyone had that that one
camera the Canon maybe or maybe it was a
Panasonic I don't remember how about I
don't remember let's see here the grim
panda says hey guys so I know the shape
of water was a letdown and bright was
pretty yeah but recently Netflix
released the ritual it's a pretty good
horror movie and I would highly
recommend it to you too well rich does
not necessarily care for horror not
really I have I've heard the name the
ritual and I've heard good things about
it I I don't know anything other than
that other than like oh the ritual yeah
that's a good one
so I will look into that and I will look
into watching the ritual I'd I just
didn't think so lloyd beets I had some
issues with the shape of water and I'm
glad that you liked it and I'm not
trying to take away your positive
feelings from and I just I've just had
some issues no I have not seen the
phantom thread I'm looking forward to
though as I enjoy who's that Paul Thomas
Anderson I enjoy his work
you defend well what else agree uh
three-block phone they're hidden you 419
is this the boss no oh shit this game
gets unfair and you know it well it gets
difficult you get sick it's downright
unfair my god this game is this game is
not balanced especially well I don't
think you get those runs
well yeah my hand is full my hand is
food now it's time to start using some
Limit Break yeah yeah 25 for card
alright so but you gotta kill the little
I know I know I know you know I'm just
I'm just you know for the audience maybe
who doesn't die
okay so now it's 25 per card and you
have how many see it's 25 per card
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 that Shh
should do it I think yeah so do the math
oh I don't even offender I gotta wait
one turn anyway um shit that's gonna
hurt
20 damage fuck
yeah that's good
you did it I have okay let's see here
commit scene says hello jack and rich
question if two people have everything
in common
does it dull the relationship or is
there still room for excitement and
growth it's very still room for
excitement of growth sure sure
you know I think it's healthy to have a
little bit of personality differences so
you know each person can help make the
other the best possible so I think
having having some differences is
important if you're exactly the same
kind of people it won't necessarily
better either also gonna play the
darksouls remaster yeah I'm planning on
it I am planning on it I am going to
play the Dark Souls remaster yes I'd
like to make I think I would really like
to make it through Dark Souls after
after you know loving blood-borne as
much as I did right I'd like to kind of
immerse myself in the world of Dark
Souls which so many people love I feel
like I'm gonna sneeze and I'm gonna find
some tissues enemies in this game start
doing just a comical amount of damage
every turn yes comical
sorry about that having a bit of a
booger situation I feel like a sneeze is
right around the corner and I just want
to be prepared so I don't get my
possible illness all over everywhere
self-forming in clay
who do okay Craig Nations has rich
Congrats on the successful no death run
thank you
yep Jack I tried the 4-hour body diet
based on your recommendation and have
lost ten pounds so far thanks for the
heads up on that book congratulations
Craig nation yeah like it's tough
sometimes but it works and really you
know this is something we've talked
about before any any diet will work as
long as you stick with it
I don't think fire féin works on
everyone's one individual enemy yes so
fire fiend won't work right now
no god no I mean it'll kill one person
sugar but hey wait let me just read it
one more time fire free is only doing
ten damage four card and nine cards yeah
it's not even enough to kill everyone
Stan
yeah and that damage won't like you
can't kill one and that damage won't
carry over to the next that only works
on one enemy well this sucks
yeah yep
let's see here sorrows axes hey Jack and
rich longtime rlm fan here started with
the Phantom Menace review who is just
getting into prereq enjoying it so far
any chance rich could be convinced for
retrying final fantasy 7 no I fucking
hate that disgusting series go fuck
yourself never ask that again
welcome to the previously recorded also
thanks for stopping by
we appreciate it steel dingleberry says
hi jack and rich have some of my
precious euros the alcohol keeps me
awake I need to use some more characters
fuck Jack do you enjoy any particular
scotches or whiskeys in general I don't
you know I don't know I'm sure I've had
scotch before but I don't know whiskey I
just I like all sorts of Lewbert voice
Kay let's just talk about wine during
rye whiskey very smoothly and flavorful
not any particular rye whiskey Chad
Final Fantasy Tactics looks like the
Banner Saga but more boring her yeah
Blanton's great bourbon whisker cuddles
are great I mean this time it's lupus is
hey guys I recently did the patreon
thing for a red letter media yay I am
now a patreon or a patrician you are now
a patron a paid trysts a.cian I feel
like throwing my money at you hack
frauds gives better returns than the
goddamn stock market ooh yeah that's
been it's been a rough couple days the
stock market
oh yeah these guys are extra tough
because you need to kill all three of
them at the same time close at the same
time it's not that finicky patron is an
alcohol
he's a patron patron saint of alcohol
the paid patron is the patron saint of
alcohol yes lick my love bit says hey
Jack just got my multi-verse cable
installed and have been enjoying some
great new shows Batman decline is good
about Bruce dealing with motor neurons
disease as is diehard 1870 thanks
multiverse cable don't get that
what do you get I don't know MZ Lucas is
rich congrats on the perfect run thank
you the one health incident at the end
was horrifying
but you pulled through there's less than
one it was a glowing thing a health
which means that one health junk is
almost gone oh my god how did you skill
you came through with skill and grit
all of a sudden rich had zero HP so it
happens so it happens
right black black dynamite dinah for
money yeah hey rich do you know if Mike
is going to do a review after the season
finale of Star Trek discovery you and
Mike going to do another no idea de feu
forever says Jack if you guys ever have
another board games stream you should
consider burgle Bros it's a fun ocean
and Levin style heist game I'm actually
I actually own burgle Bros and have
played it a couple times it's very
interesting it wasn't as much fun as I
was hoping it's gonna hurt but fuck it
is this the boss no well it's a little
lead was in my way yeah yeah yeah yeah
burgle Bros is so it's a it's a game
where you have room tiles and you're a
burglar and there are guards that go to
different room tiles and you have to you
know sneak your way around the guards
using different tactics I've only played
it a couple times and haven't had a
great amount of fun with it but I can
see the potential I want to play it more
I want to play it more and hopefully I
will be able to
let's see what we got here desk raven 88
says sup guys thanks for making my night
a little less boring I had a question
that's been pressing on my mind all day
and no it does not involve horses the
question that's good you know is the
question is you know offered by one of
America's greatest poets is what if what
if God was one of us just a slob like
one of us just a stranger among us if
you feel ashamed of yourself and your
life and your ideas yeah
well there you go my hand is full so
you're gonna die what's the math one to
eight forty five times eight one two
three four five six seven eight
yes 360 360
so now 45 707 yeah 315 bet he's
vulnerable
but he's vulnerable oh shit I gots oh I
got nothing I'm doomed
oh you're dead I don't have enough to
cast it Oh goodbye goodbye rich yeah it
was a good run it is time yeah this game
is way too brutal ever rich wah-wah-wah
well I made it further than you did on
stream no I beat the second boss on
stream that was the first time I waited
the third oh well then there you go then
you are
I like that setup but they just enemies
just away too much damage for you to be
able to do

[Part II]
you'll be able to do alright we are now
playing in justice yes you want blue for
good sure we can switch off of this
sure absolutely it's a good this time
it's lupus we're almost here tip this
time it's Lucas that's a good joke
oh it's such a good joke I'm gonna let
rich read it because he'll he'll do it
better preparing to launch injustice
gods among us Ultimate Edition which one
perfect we left off on a tired and sad
is next but this time it's lupus is what
I'm reading you mean the next one up you
see what he did I was gonna I was gonna
use the restroom and he bogarted me he
just bogarted me man that's the proper
term I don't know ma'am
and it was all just a ruse this time
it's lupus says from my Twitter timeline
the only two white actors and Black
Panther are Martin Freeman who played
Bilbo Baggins and Andy Serkis who played
ghullam they're the token white guys
I'll be right back
actually your employer you take that I'm
gonna play I don't know if you got
controller you want to use it just work
she's fine
all right let's play injustice gods
among us do we get to choose we play as
or do we play as a new person for every
story
decline okay
would you like the game to determine
your optimal settings for quality and
performance sure figure it out game
figure it out
like the chirp confirm
there we go great cept back singleplayer
this is your first time playing single
player would you like to go to the
tutorial to learn the basics fuck yeah
learning the basics yo I did confirm
cinnamon I press the a button to confirm
welcome to tutorial mode here you will
learn the funtom into fundamentals of
injustice step forward step backwards
crouch jump
movement training that's great that's
perfect that's perfect that's exactly
what I wanted it to be pressing X Y or a
we'll perform a variety of attacks each
hero or villain has their own unique
attacks late attack a hectic medium
attack huh heavy attack
basic attract attack training complete
the track for craning let's axe that
target the head and midsection are known
as high attacks high attacks can be
blocked by holding away from the
attacker attacks that target the feet
and legs are known as low attacks the
low attacks can be blocked by holding
down I'm baack an overhead attacks are
used to hit opponents who are ducking
and blocking overhead attacks must be
blocked while standing
okay super girls into is super grilling
this one every weight well I thought we
played to that way you're playing - shit
shit shit motherfucker damn it
Superman get up on nuts motherfucker
offense is the best defense
god dammit Superman you dick
I'm failing rich I'm in the tutorial and
I'm failing I need to let you know that
I'm Batman
well then you should be failing well so
the the purpose of this tutorial is
teaching me about blocking so I need to
block five attacks in a row and he
either attacks Lowen so I need to do a
low block or attacks mid and I need to
do a mid block and reading his moves are
apparently hard for me this is very
desaturated yeah bitch I'm not getting
past this tutorial section so I feel
like I just want to hit him see like I
hit him damn it
dammit dammit
oh you gonna do five in a row yeah
oh you're fucked I'm so fucked rich oh I
was blocking okay no felt like it was
damp it cheese I'm choosing poorly okay
okay
damnit nope damn it rich save us for
this I'm not much better at fighting
games fighting games and and and real
time strategy this is what they wanted
rich just hold the button I don't think
you have to do it I don't think it's
like a parry we have to do it at the
moment just keep holding yeah but you
have to choose the down and sit back you
see him jock go down instantly damn it I
chose poorly
nope okay okay okay oh fuck it's just
Superman this is just super random
what the fuck was that a cape swoosh
right take Kevin Conway soon I haven't
heard him talk so okay so the actual
story mode hasn't even started yet no
this is this is a tutorial like figure
out I don't know they work the tutorial
into the story not that I know I should
I should probably have if it's separate
I should have a go with the tutorial
after you're done just so I'm not lost
yeah
do it I don't know why I haven't
defeated you slow attack great
additional moves additional attacks can
be performed by holding a direction
while pressing the attack button okay
eat it Superman headbutt nut kick Batman
super secret weapon I'm gonna kick you
in the nards striking an opponent after
they have been launched into the air is
known as a juggle combo so we're gonna
press add
done y+ x there we go okay what a good
guy Superman is just like let me pound
on him so I can learn the game okay I
see I get I get it now I get it
little eight little early finally do
this story you'll learn enough nobody
know then you'll bitch that we don't
know how to play you know you're gonna
sign oh all this shit works you guys if
you don't do the tutorials you're never
gonna learn how to play oh sorry
much sooner no okay no nope I was close
though that was close there we go
juggle combo trading completes
connecting with back in a while mirror a
transition area will activate a level
transition
execute two level transitions for a tour
of the Batcave okay
- a fucking billion hey Superman
why does this look so desaturated
because that was the look they went for
after the nolan ruined colors in comic
books they're an option in the menu for
color I'm actually curious about this
sure let's look it up okay hold on
attack buttons present specific okay
hold on control preset tutorial main
menu well let's finish the tutorial
Mortal Kombat vs. DC head color yeah I
remember that
I'm pressing X X Y faster
great throws are a special type of
attack that cannot be blocked each
fighter has a forward throw the
backwards throw Oh bumper yeah that's
cute
or X plus a which is X plus a
thumbs already on that button yeah
that's great not like that breaking of
throws performed by reacting to your Oh
to your opponent's throw attempt with a
throw of your own ah suck it Batman
there's Superman nope haha dick nope
dick this is actually what the game is
supposed to look like sadly says dr.
smoke ah okay special moves rich each
character hasn't oh yeah okay so that
that right there is my is my cheap move
why Superman come on Superman get over
here
great special moves are unique to each
character but not all of them are
offensive for example use Batman's cape
parry to counter Superman's attack oh I
did that I see with fighting games I
think my biggest problem is I don't I
don't have the patience to internalize
all of these complex combos derp so it
just goes naturally well but yeah I
think that's where something like this
can really help because if you are a
huge Batman fan you're gonna want to
spend that time right like just like
Super Smash Bros like Super Smash
Brothers is I think a little easier but
if you love Batman you're just gonna
want to be Batman and do all his cool
Batman yeah yeah super meter uh-huh
Superman hold on one second oh wait
super pressing right trigger we'll just
after executing most special moves will
result in a more powerful version known
as a master burn nope a meter burn this
uses one second of your super meter okay
alright hey dick super-move yeah this is
what you want this is what you alright
cause it up
yeah this is law
you know let's just go I'm just we're
just gonna try them hopefully I get me
cuz we're gonna let you just want to
just you play sure that's I just want to
say I don't want to double-check to see
if there's any contracts game a
brightness texture quality there is no
sort of like make it look like a comic
book there's there's no sort of like you
could knock up the resolution I'll walk
the it did automatically they'd all just
do it that's wrong no trust me it's
wrong it did it on me
it's stupid it might be stupid Jack
please for the love of God crank up the
resolution why it's oh it's only at 7:20
at least we'll go at 1086 yes we want
okay
I use xsplit and all tab and we'll get
xsplit back just right all right thanks
fine everything's fine you the keyboard
is right in front of you great okay
training you go alright alright I'll try
and get through this quicker
where's button got a press oh but mmm
why are we playing this and not DC
Universe Online really that's the
question I really ya know
you're doing it rich why are we playing
the training instead of the game because
usually people yell at us from starting
the game first and not going through the
training and then if we complain about
anything training and it's also just
it's nice but why yeah I know come on
what's this video so far B does nothing
so far it's just a X&Y; so he knows he
knows stuff separate that's okay
rich knows which rich knows what to do
it's just you know it's hard
we appreciate everyone was telling us
what button to press and when but it's
different do it there you go
yeah they did yeah press B to say Martha
yes why are you
I don't see them using load I'll try to
get the jump the chats frustration makes
this also what's more entertaining this
is what you wanted blue fighting
gameplay fighting him I'm no good at
playing fighting game play of Justice
playing just I'm really no good at
fighting games blue you're just split
this is what you get motherfucker
well since I'm no good at fighting games
I guess I'll go for the tutorial Joe
through the tutorial what's wrong with
that they want you to press forward
Oh
and that's why I'm loving every minute
benefit well great now I'm looking
forward to playing more than I hear the
story is pretty fun I hope I get to I
hope I get to like pick what superhero I
take through the the gauntlet in story
mode I don't think you do
or you get like different heroes every
mission is that the thing that could be
see the timing isn't just where you
think it would be you know you fall he
falls in a weird way there you go nice
nice I know for some reason I have a
hole in my chest and the thing you need
to know is this t-shirt that this is
yellow is there a color mob for this
game this would look so much better if
things were vivid did you see that to
someone someone made a great video after
a Man of Steel came out where they
repolarized
his drab Superman outfit to look a
little more that's a pop a little bit
more it was great
hunchback jack says nothing to save
other than I like the camera talk like a
popular true-blue review says hey guys
what's some advice you would give in or
oh crap
wake up I accidentally turned off the
laptop hey guys what's up advice you
would give to stick to projects and not
get distracted I have a bad habit of
finding other things to do and not
getting any writing done thanks in
advance there's a lot of different
things you can do you can schedule time
you know say you're like I'm gonna write
20 minutes a day and like for this 20
minutes that I've allotted ahead of time
I will do nothing but write so help me
it's different for everyone the
different things work for different
people it's doing creative things at
this point has become the habit already
so it's hard for me to even give that
advice just because it's already
ingrained button scheduling the
scheduling time might help let's see
here Timbo 5-1 forces rich great work on
the Dead Rising 2 run did you think that
Jimmy the Scott Jordan from the top
slots video on the last wheel the worse
would make a good Dead Rising psychopath
boss yeah he was that shocked nobody
made the comment about that one guy I
saved look like him to me this guy in
the casino he won't leave the casino cuz
he's down oh yeah and then he started
explaining the slot machines too you
know but if you did I
we're we're using the the d-pad on the
Xbox controller for those who want to
know yeah cuz I know normally in
fighting games you want that d-pad
ridiculous it's ridiculous I love it I
lost in Technicolor says did you guys
watch the spacex falcon heavy launch
she's seeing those two big booster
rockets land at the same time was one of
the coolest things I've ever seen you
didn't want your life no nyet neither
did I I saw that it's neat it's all neat
stuff get excited for space all the
stuff all the stuff get excited for all
the stuff not the right combo but a week
Campbell I know why this isn't taking
yeah do it all fast
morn to Pastor Morton's Anonymous has a
great post production camera question so
you know we're gonna get into that
Ulrich deals with this condo what do you
use to transcode footage something in
the ACS or something free like handbrake
do you transport everything or you
sometimes edit in native format
thanks and calm my bar I use Adobe Media
encoder because I use the Adobe suite so
you know for me that's kind of built
into the premiere
using white using Adobe prelude and the
media encoder I get to transcode all my
footage generally speaking yes I
transcode absolutely everything into a
pro res or a DMX just something that
that really opens up the footage easier
to edit and hey I did it
but generally speaking I translate
everything yes it makes it this and it's
gonna be easier to Huff hard it says
rich I'm watching the next generation
for the first time I'm enjoying the
first season do they ever come back -
Tasha betta having sex
and this Riker get less creepy with
ladies who randomly meets things no and
no they referenced the Tasha thing once
in season two yeah yeah and don't don't
they like do it I'm careful thing where
they meet her again in life that's the
whole thing with data and her having sex
doesn't come up that never comes down
she's referenced a couple times
they're saying back around back up a
little bit there we go there you go you
did it oh yeah don't even worry about
this oh oh wait the B button what B does
do something do you really think I was
gonna do nothing
yeah I really did
yeah yeah oh there you go
what's the last fighting game that I
played I played both um I played the to
Smash Brothers clone like brawl I think
one of them is called brawl I played
that recently but I don't even know I
think
I don't know if it was called brawlhalla
I think it's just called brah okay are
you doing more even I'm ready I'm ready
to play get out of here I'm ready I'm
done all right all right so we were
we're leaving homily it done main venue
yes please fighting game play good but
you're know how to play good why you
play sorry this is this is gonna end up
being something we never do again isn't
it Wow isn't it probably whatever all
right start mode new game let's go I'm
ready I can say without a doubt that
there are an infinite number of
universes some are just like our own but
for one or two significant events
exactly the same maybe in significant
advanced
all right here we are the story in
justice
what that's a thing I know but it
doesn't look like how I know it looks
rich that's a thing that I know
metropolis looks fuked oh my god what
happened millions tell that's a guy's a
food starting game around a nice pocket
of millions dead
where'd you get it what you want one
some Joker nuked entropolis that's the
inference
you get away from him I'm handling this
we're that ugly outfit yep
that looks much better than the shorts
you drugged me Krypton now metropolis
people you love tend to blow up don't
they do it kill him that's why I like
you gullible
yeah okay they'll be safe so big so I
can break out of here I've got lots of
planning to do to talk this
that's enough
yeah he should have
we show it right
gut-punch fade to black is that what we
call that I think is witness made with
the people who did mortal combat was not
showing blood not sure oh that was
probably absolutely even in a universe
versus this is an amazing battle here on
for Hawkgirl doesn't even have an
arch-nemesis
no one likes really doomsday fucking
everyone
yes
everyone who's everyone and although a
bit like missiles was great
I think this is this is what we call a
fan service after I check out our have
to make sure Luther didn't bust him out
okay be there soon dick dick I'm wearing
this horrible Nolan inspired cow
illusion hours
God is this outfit ugly and this every
outfit is ugly in this yeah pretty much
what is that
Oh Joker do this he didn't the real trap
is behind us okay let me fight now you
know introducing other characters this
looks like a perfect introductory fight
right oh yeah all right here we go I I
don't know that much about Deathstroke
but shouldn't you be able to totally
kick Batman's ass theoretically yes
we've got them how to do all of my
combos already hey just did a thing I
mean not as badly a spider-man should be
able to kick his ass but of court like
spider-man would would murder Batman
yeah fuck you know doesn't have like
some kind of like reflex senses where he
knows what you're doing as soon as you
start doing it
his healing doesn't he have like
Wolverine style feel here you're getting
him confused with Deadpool Deadpool has
the Wolverine style healing and death
start was rarity I'm a Deadpool's of
parody of decibel but Deathstroke had
cueing to wait why isn't he dead no you
hurt you know look at his health yeah
yes because he has healing jack yes
oh yeah there's two health bar oh
fucking hell no I kind of stopped
fighting cuz I thought I had one but
there's two health bars okay okay I told
you totally I don't know that much about
duster right great and you suck at this
this is painful to watch thanks thanks
for stopping by
have a nice night dickhead sorry that
I'm having fun just be Batman
beating up Deathstroke oh shit what are
you you didn't do this part of the
tutorial I didn't I'm gonna lose right
nope I want apparently how do i do my
super again do you remember wait I think
was super wait I think I remember nope
you're out of power meter anyway uh I'll
just punch a myth I wanted to finish him
with my super where I Drive my car
through Arkham Asylum I don't remember
how I don't
rather than touched our continued
estranged the background he's not go
he's gone no baby where were you guys
when he killed Superman of both critters
oh and I'm here too always he did
something appropriate it wasn't like
Green Arrow getting the killing blow in
on Tuesday I'll finish him off
now there are no further interruptions
took me almost two minutes to break your
encryption nice work
hey you kind of look like Bruce Willis
oh my god mr. Wilson actually because
Lex Luthor there we go
second main at this point here I'll hit
him again
second pain missed haha did it first
strike racket I'll pay I'll take it I
was gonna it's probably gonna get harder
is it is this one no more easier what I
don't think I've done anything to the to
the difficulty so it is wherever it was
harsh man hundred just hanging out look
at him looking back there Jean I'm kind
of fighting
could you help you do oh oh oh yeah I
saw that I saw right bumper
Wow
Oh oh he did it oh no I did my supersuit
wait wait yeah is the Batmobile on the
space station huh and how much sense
does that make
he keeps a copy up there her he keeps a
bank of Batmobile up there that makes
perfect sense yeah you know he might
make a good he might make a good Lex
Luthor I don't I don't know if he can
play uppity regal yeah you know like I
don't know if he could play ya know I
don't know that he can't either
but visually I never really thought
about it
damn you what and now you're just you're
done
nope yep time to teach you humility Oh
so didn't do anything I guess you took
some of this help off before the fight
started Oh doesn't eat right hey thanks
second
I want to do the thing where I smash him
at the globe oh no apparently I just
jump off it
I can't smash it oh yeah cuz I'm not a
big guy but that's cool
maybe John can help me smash it within
the computer oh yeah oh yeah I'm sure
John does something right like he's just
there what the hell was that back in AI
think well when you're when you're by
the one of the ends of the arena I think
that's a neat move I mean it murders me
but well it should have right let's be
honest you know I do want to smash you
through this computer can you come on
reflex wait keep hitting them back all
right oh I pressed B instead Oh all
right it's fine
oh you know what you know what I can do
here
okay go that way now get him close all
right now I didn't do anything oh he
died well I died
try this on genius Superman report make
sure it's very deep space it's the none
of your damn business along thanks
cyborg radiological metropolis everybody
look at Lex Luthor so everyone is so
ugly Nolan Nolan ruined comic books for
a long time so it's good to be realistic
I can sole the masses by offering to
build it in my own image approach he was
done this is Batman
Code Red everyone to these coordinates
now
Mobley said remembered - yeah we owe you
look at Harley you know everyone's so
ugly why didn't they move away from the
animated series outfit for Harley you
know where she actually looks like a
Harlequin why did they move away from
that Nolan Nolan go Nolan and fanservice
no one likes because the fans started
drawing her boobs
freaky sexy so they will just make her a
little creepy sexy I've got a little
more creepy sex took it off stand by
what's more than just the saturation and
I think some of these are just really
ugly designs oh yeah
right Barry you push that button than 8
million died 8 million into like was I'm
Joker shoulders right he's got like
armor plates up there why is he wearing
two belts he's wearing anime belts
Barry this is your holes dick here is
that you move super fast
what what how was flashed not there yet
no idea because story needed to happen
this is somehow your fault metropolis
and yet like a look at Joker's outfit he
has suspenders not over his shoulders
two belts a girdle and armor plating on
his shoulders that's ugly design
Oh dick Oh dick stop it
I bet subtitles that's fair we can't
apparently I can't get to that title at
the moment but yes I will turn subtitles
on the shape of the shape of Batman's
mouth hole makes it look like lips see
the round shape it makes him look sad
Batman should never look sad right
a villain shouldn't take a look at
Batman and say aw why are you so sick
I do like it that the Joker just beats
you with a crowbar I think that's wrong
hey yeah I know he is sad because his
parents are dead but that is not the
image he should be projecting towards
crime right the images you've been
projecting is I am a fearsome individual
I want somehow
it's been 30 years that man get over it
right
that's why it Bevans argue label
released ballistic superhero because
literally anyone else alive on the
planet earth would have gotten to open
it before they got to the place they're
running around in the mat-su tonight yes
yes people's parents die all the time
and a lot of them grow up to be normal
well-adjusted members of society like a
rich kid they might end up like look
like drug problems sure
substance abuse problems so sure
I'm thanks Batman Gotham sort of so
temporal displacement alternate earth
could be either we may have jumped to a
different dimension like look look at
her little chest plate its Bangui how
ridiculously big back the watchtower
should have picked up any anomalies
right the watchtower might not exist I
can't make contact we need to find out
what's my ring is charged that can get
us there
the Atlantis archives if this is an
altered timeline we might find a record
of the triggering event they're assuming
there's an Atlantis it's worth
investigating lets you and I check
things out here ring where's the nearest
power battery
at least that hasn't changed stay low
I'll be back asap now we have to be the
Green Lantern
shut up enjoy the ride I'm not
complaining about the story
no just the outfits and that I have to
play the Green Lantern you know this is
reminding me of the upcoming spider-man
game oh you don't like that outfit I
hate that outfit so much always find
Raven cyborg this is your final chance
to accept the high councilors
get reeducate cab
evil raven i even a slight propolis my
musical that doesn't matter you're still
on the wrong side of the law do this to
your boss this how things work here so
you're a green again something's not
right
to stand down
you're done here definitely not ours oh
okay
about this one there go and this super
bunch that's my super green might open
up all right all right all right hey our
settle down how about this every attack
of his be shooting out in green energy
this or that right well remember
remember he wasn't like charged or
something okay so that's how they're
gonna play that I guess accidentally
dodge I think is animations oh shoot
she taking me to the upside down
no-hitter with my super dude see what
that is all about all right and wake up
wake up
hit okay I guess I needed to be closer
that way you know that was that was a
bit of a disappointment what did you do
I did my super I did my super rich now
if you want to know what it did I don't
know okay it increased your will college
my willpower
oh that's right I don't know okay that
did a Green Lantern thing our rate is
the next two not going down I don't know
what that means I don't know what that
means either
great hey I beat her that's all that
matters guess I won't be getting any
more lip from her women and no I get
awakening zachetti
the one who's turned you into a
second-rate thug I'll show you
second-rate
talk you now okay let's talk about the
mess of trouble you're in
and how I'm gonna knock that head
sideways
oh he hit me with a missile how about
this how about this how about that's
just a normal move there all right there
and then we can do all right how about
nope how about nope not close enough all
right Lantern how about this nope okay
great
still don't really know what my super
does your glowing green but I'm going
blue green so maybe does something
awesome maybe it makes me more powerful
or shields me or something right yeah
like that that's a good one
hope there now you like that okay how
about this
and this take the next cyborg
oh he booyah x' that's adorable
nope nope okay hey I heard that
something he says yeah yeah I know it
from the cartoon but good thing I did I
beat him I've reached level 6 it's still
on straight i won look I'm not with them
whoever they know you know they catch
you up you have the stones to refuse
their amnesty who are they working for
who's the only one who can keep measures
like them in line Wonder Woman Sinestro
on my way no I need to charge my ring
when you guys are gonna take advantage
requite out yeah yep right here the
green arrow I'll be happy to see green
arrow dying
yeah no oh come on eat this sinestro eat
bus oppressing your home planet isn't
enough Sinestro the one earth government
is similar to mine on Corrigan an
alliance was logical so for now I
tolerate humans even Hal Jordan my
doppelganger has joined your side a
super bunch about this
okay I don't know where you left off
yeah remember this one great
still delivery service hey Jack yeah as
you enjoyed deck-building games I do
have you played Paul Peterson smash-up
it's a simple card game on a smallish
box you might enjoy him think hey I
played smash that sounds very familiar
also fuck that guy who made you say fuck
Germany okay that's fair shadow a leap 5
says I'm so drunk right now
I forgot what to say oh yeah somebody
should make an aging time-lapse for the
red letter media hack frogs
that'd be great sure shad take another
zip wow that's not hurtful at all
an aging time right people age aging
just means you're winning a life jack
you know that's the thing
hey lost that one still trying to figure
that that hole is so good I'm wagering
your super meter and put out what would
exactly have to press I think was right
trigger to wager the whole damn thing
well I just used my super meter so I
don't think I had anything that's
probably why you lost yeah
I'm resisting arrest the one-liners need
a little work you know you okay how
someone call me your Sinestro Corps
Sinestro is right
phears more effective than willpower so
you ditched green and went yellow the
color of cowardice I'm still about order
like the Guardians sanctimony is easy
when you don't save it time to kick my
ass time to kick my ass
yeah yeah that's a good move do you
think how'd you like it I'm trying I'm
trying he's plucking
some luck faith hey stop fucking around
oh this could be my first lost yeah
throw a water tower oh that's a good
move I know after another 100 at the
wrecking ball get their artistry oh man
thank you can use your soup dee doop
Oh
they need to be close I finally used it
damn it time to die there's so many
clothes on a bad thing so many controls
in a fighting game jeez have no idea
what what you feel so helpless and then
you end up button mashing and that's so
unsatisfying yeah every once in life you
get that you get the right mojo Oh died
hmm I lost retry time to kick my ass
oh right fair that's fair share only
five says I'm so drunk right now I
forgot what it's sing oh yeah somebody
should make an oh we got that 140k funky
tune says loving slay this fire board
game suggestion for Jacko
yeah cuz deck builders Warriors is a
dice building game nice bit you fill out
your bed with spell and monster dice
super fun and family-friendly D my F
none of sense
I have been recommended I did to him
this time
how do you like it dickhead I haven't
been recommending black mirror to my
friend but he says once I'm done
I'll just feel bad I have never been
able to explain why I find a lot of
enjoyment and stuff like this can you
guys help
Hey I can't I can't help you make your
friend like black mirror I am sorry he
could just be saying that to you because
he's just not interested in it and he's
trying to be polite I don't know all
right did better this thing well that
was surreal
and a bit disturbing yeah all that
yellows really tough on the eyes really
Oliver we need to move that's what
you're adding to the situation
yes hiding from the cops aren't there
any good guys here there just might be
different bad man
nothing yet the energy signature from
the park doesn't match anything in the
database widen I just vibrated the same
frequency as the energy signature and
follow them because we don't know if
they went somewhere dangerous or if they
win anywhere at all
Superman is right it's too risky too bad
I wasn't fast enough to catch them in
the first place you totally should have
been I mean you have to that's the one
thing you do bury and you're kind of
sucking at it I need information on all
the fun heroes to be I gotta do an
Aquaman I'm sorry jack I'm sorry mrs.
Jack yeah my last tip was a joke about
purchasing cable which conveys access
shows from alternate universes diehard
1870 is a fine show however in this
universe our or any other okay five
years ago the criminal Joker to seed
Superman into killing his wife and
unborn son and destroying metropolis
that's a lot of grief Superman killed
the Joker
oh we saw that we thought I'd remember
afterward he showed no restraint judge
jury and executioner he and other
like-minded metahumans quickly reined in
the criminal element which made him
quite popular the surface world was
desperate for strong leadership
Superman consolidated his power he
created the one earth government
democratic institutions were swept away
sire the high councilors envoys await
you in the throne room
are we gonna fight who we gonna fight
the flash or maybe should them they're
Captain Marvel
we're Shazam whatever The Clash Shazam
welcome your highness it's an honor to
meet you
and to be the first surface people to
visit Atlantis yes we have important
matters to discuss the treaty the final
draft
Superman is glad you agreed to his terms
may I
the outfits are even uglier in this
dimension look at that that flash outfit
it's even uglier sorry is there a
problem this is complete subjugation
Superman will rule Atlantis it's what
you agreed to it's what we expect you
threatened me
tread carefully we have our orders
Aquaman he's only flash were fast enough
to have dodged that fucking flash the
universe where flash has average speed
right
oh that's a like I feel like Aquaman is
awesome in everything that's not comic
books maybe maybe you just have another
comic book maybe I haven't read the
right comic books that's or maybe you
have this vision of the Superfriends in
your house and that's not quite reality
you know you might be right
Nik
oh how do you write the flash without
him dang just way too overpowered yeah
exactly that's always been my problem
but the flash is a character honestly
and he any fight the flash is in should
be a joke right
Oh nope I wanna be on the side
nice if you do yeah oh that's a great
question job like maybe we'll try
alright let's find out
tidal wave nice suck it
very good into shut up Billy
fuck man oh shit I was about to do
something cool let's try that again
no Jack likes Aquaman look at this he's
awesome hahaha man yep
what are the odds what are the odds that
by this time next week in the stream
Jack will be talking about how he picked
up an Aquaman comic book oh that's
possible where the odds he blocked my
super duper rich I'm sorry
fucking blocks my super do ya can you
not go through the glass wall on this
there's a there's a our button I think
Billy Batson oh yeah for a second yeah
it's great
that's investin I don't know whatever is
wherever that character's name is
Oh suck it no that's just an awesome
move just a blip my shit if not gonna
missing shit come here dick let's see if
you fight in the ocean other side I can
do that no the other side did the same
thing oh no oh no I'm close I don't want
to lose em up how about this oh oh no oh
shit what was that your soup you do yeah
I need to be closer when I do the soup
the dupes I think yeah yeah Atlantis
doesn't have stage transitions Oh ocean
Master I'm the king of Atlantis I answer
to no one unlike you mind your tongue
you would give away your kingdom like a
pair of worn boots to a surface dweller
the treaty requires Superman to maintain
Earth's oceans and recognize our
autonomy you put your army at his beck
and call
unnecessary compromise more like
appeasement I grew tired of this take
him
oh let me do this I won't have to do
like a little brawler section where I
fight just minions and demolisher nope
Oh or maybe maybe forget I said what I
always liked about um whatever Smash
Brothers is on the I wanna set a bleep
yeah they had minions maybe the Wii U
they had like side-scrolling brawler
sections but you get you still got to
use your smash powers whose neat it was
satisfying you know you were oh you were
definitely overpowered
I had planned to offer you help I've
changed my mind
sucker-head look Chet this is the night
this is the night Martha is down in the
calendars where Jack became an October
world's biggest Aquaman fan maybe this
is much love for the East Coast take my
money delightful Hat frauds will do
thank you we love taking people's money
a mug says thanks to the stream
regardless of the game boys love Joe
kitty 0:01 so hey guys I just got a job
in our office and a warehouse there's
the Arlen warehouse like how many rooms
in the office how much is rent just
curious about what it's like a studio
you also like my social security number
and bank routing number and I just have
just a warehouse it's got some rims up
front there's nothing nothing too
exciting
what's that one to wonder if there's a
way to win those it has to do in a
salute your super super yeah and how
much would be super super there's a
wagering factor like next time I think
there are controller buttons for only
partially wagering you're sure thing now
let's discuss a revised for it the wager
thing doesn't seem to matter since it
does like zero damage yeah but I think
if you will you get like health back
there seems to be a positive aspects to
the wager
Dale froze someone did someone Satana
something magic why are you installed I
sensed the return of aggression saw
those calls you did more than that you
brought us here
no well I couldn't go through Beauty my
fire doesn't need stoking Aries tell me
who you presume to come back me I do and
you will obey
it's just soap ambassador you know it's
great socket and some water oh because
I'm acclimating see I do quite well in
water
unlike you've got of war
oh oh oh oh shit
you're an accent me how about this yes
and shark we needed the big finisher the
big finisher oh no Lucy I didn't mean to
kick him I wanted to stab with my
lightning again it's silly it's
appropriately silver so if you didn't
bring us here who did those who reminds
the insurgents heroes only the best hero
the only one who can challenge Batman
was in joint along the small
I need to join my colleagues there with
the insurgents as we speak
sends me to them
I mean I just kicked your ass so you
have to do in a statement
look how'd you get here you know it'll
be great
Arius if that shark move our area
doesn't we know it gets bad man check
repellent yeah trying to prevent one
it's a durability and answer final 93r
how can a pill a lack of Julian nanotech
increases the tensile strength buffeted
by several thousand percent other world
Batman outfit that's better later if
you're having trouble sleeping he
borrowed the recipe from Superman Supes
gives it to his flunkies yes I met a
couple of our evil twins they're not
evil
most obey Superman out of fear or they
believe he's right and I've lost
perspective so you're the only one left
not the only one
what is this how are you even alive he's
with me unlike your Luthor
I've never indulged in law-breaking
Superman doesn't suspect his best friend
is funding the insurgency what's evil
critical of Superman disappear
government officials activists reporters
well now that we're all here explain why
you chose us and why you didn't ask
before yanking us over we were kind of
busy the nuclear bomb it didn't go off
your transfer is somehow preventing it
how do you know about we've been
monitoring your world for some time you
four specifically I have a weapon to
take down Superman a kryptonite based
laser that incapacitation your
kryptonite laser now whatever
I'm gonna use my kryptonite sniper rifle
and that'll imprison him what Jesus
Christ lady good reeducation wasn't
going to affect him you sure you don't
want me to stay cow I know you didn't
lose your super hearing are you okay
with this Wonder Woman or is everyone in
this game like they did not spend money
on facial animations they spend all
their money on all the elaborate outfits
with all the buckles and flaps and folds
I just came to tell you come on his way
in guess my super hearing is working
by
hi counselor

[Part III]
hi counselor of Diana's new look look we
have a boobs you see I ran into Diana's
twin and someone who looked a lot like
Oliver Queen and Hal Jordan
find them and any others that might be
out there I want to know everything
that's in daily from adventures
yeah yeah it sounds like the other one
sounded like him I saw I assumed
thanks for the ride you're a funny guy
are you sure the old gang lives around
here true yeah they could be dead Oh
Laura biting bite your tongue
he's terrible yes bad sugar yeah he
sounds like someone trying to do a Mark
Hamill impression and not being really
great at it it's George and Newbern the
other voice of animated Risty my fame
precedes me
oh I'm Joker now oh my god shit I wasn't
prepared for I've got enough I thought I
was there are they getting Oh neat okay
how about this one oh I did that one are
figuring out all my Joker moves here how
about this plucky Heath hey speaking of
huh aah ha ha ha Batman and Superman huh
huh awkwardly punching each other
aah have you watched Oh movie Bob's epic
the part Batman vs. Superman huh review
yes
okay I understood some of that yeah
there was a there's a like a three
fuckin children grabbed him thinking oh
that was nice
there there's like a damn it Batman I'm
gonna lose this bone but that's okay
because I'm just learning much over this
how about this pie to the face yeah good
okay I mean I'm definitely losing this
one that's okay
yeah there's it's like a three-hour
dissection of Batman vs Superman I bet
you could totally kick somebody through
that front oh you can I want to say
right oh I want to see Joker do that
specifically because it makes absolutely
no sense right to use super strength to
knock back after a truck you have to do
it now I'm on that side so now I can all
right how about alright settle bit okay
all right I'm trying
okay
there we go
okay I guess you could argue that the
explosion tanker doesn't yeah okay I'll
take it
I don't think Joker is yet the this
Joker in Batman aren't from this
universe so it's like a Batman your
super dupe didn't hit me what does the
Jovi do when he hit B I don't know oh
it's not ready it slashes it's night
nope
yeah the choker should not be that
strong right Joe Kirby is a Perry okay
okay that's fair Oh - Bob's do-rag says
hey guys I just rewind forager for the
first time and realized how much of a
missed opportunity it was yes apart from
the concept itself what was voyagers
biggest missed opportunity yeah
so many the okay the biggest missed
opportunity is Janeway as Captain
such a beautiful moment can't be rushed
don't go cheering up without me had a
fantastic actress could have could have
had another incredible memorable let's
go
I don't think so hard without my camera
doomsday has a mohawk yeah right
yeah boys your headlights one episode
you guest stars like multicam you want
episode guest stars you just wish they
were part of the main crew okay that's
better
there's a problem when you're when
you're guest stars or better characters
yeah well you just got a lot of a lot of
world problems that stack up I can't I
can't sum it up as this is the one thing
a little bird told me some creep was
dressed up like the Joker fighting a
Batman wannabe you got the look and a
lot of nerve what you don't have is the
right Joker was a hero you're not fit to
lick his boutonniere Harley it's me I'm
the Joker
look it says so right here on my
underwear I have to beat up Harley I'm
sorry
okay this net and that okay all right
everything's fine
shoot in the face again who that Perry
is actually really awesome
Hugh chases fellow nerves have you heard
of freeware Star Trek walking sim your
stage 9 B is for our number of rooms on
these 1701 D it's a pre-alpha and
unstable but fun I have not heard of it
I've seen a number of things that did
stuff like that like there was a doom
level that was a recreation of the
interval yeah way back in the day they
did it in Minecraft they did the
enterprise like you're getting shout the
head that would be enough
take out Harley brother but yeah
Kevin Smith named his kid Harley Quinn
Smith so he named his child after a
woman who was a victim of domestic abuse
yeah it's the love you could feel the
love right Joker's dead but sure this
isn't my Gotham but I am The Joker my
dear my you're Joker Harley it's like
her acting like that doesn't make any
sense with that outfit yeah you know
like that is the innocent outfit
yeah that's a that's a hard-ass outfit
she has knives and leather and stuff
like that just doesn't work together
it's visual dissonance
what the fuck outfit is everybody
everybody hey Forrest
goddamn it Harley's only ever good when
she's away from the Joker watch the
animated series man nice workout he's
not him what his DNA matches Bruce
Wayne's but his vitals are all wrong
you're one of the duplicates
tell me why you're here love what you've
done with the place
Arkham is never looked better dear
members of the Joker clan you know the
truth the charity promised incident
Superman killed those people then he
tried to kill me
I admire the work you've done in my name
disturbances destructions general pains
and Superman's buttocks but let's think
bigger
he's terribly yeah he's a terrible voice
I'll eat - you know you gotta find it
you gotta find your own thing
snugs boys and Sergio's got some can't
just imitate what we have them - with
these a bus could fall on us and we
won't be hurt slapstick and its finest
from now on we'll be more than a
nuisance the barking dog' will become
the rampaging elephants do whoopee
cushion a landmine the Joker
Oh evil Nightwing looks
yeah that's great I'm going to enjoy
giving you all right
gum the guard says right game TBS even
shows it for eSports sequel has the TMNT
question about craft American cheese
it's terrible isn't it the best thing
for pigs-in-a-blanket
enjoying now also DC Universe Online ps4
cream cheese cheese Kraft singles are oh
now this that's cheese
craft is damn good the grilled cheese
sandwich says somebody who has probably
never gone to a deli and got some good
proper Land O'Lakes American cheese it
is so much better it's laughable you
know I'm not so much better not saying
that those grilled cheeses are bad I'm
just lucky
try American cheese get Land O'Lakes
spine brand Land O'Lakes cheese from a
deli so much better than Kraft I say
Land O'Lakes because I know that's
reliable it's probably better out there
Hey
Oh trying to hit the right button thing
it didn't work
everything's fine man with me says
thanks for playing injustice here is a
tip hoping you will play injustice two
characters look much much they can only
go up from here
I've seen I've seen a little bit of on
the youtubes it does look it does look
considerably better originally that's
not that's not too shocking oh look it's
here
okay hey Joker's died here so the bat
brat joins Superman tell me whose boots
are tastier to lick Batman's a criminal
just like you nothing like me so you're
a hero where you come from oh no dear
boy
it's just that Batman corrupts young
minds while I bash them out of their
skulls it I wanted to use the counter
more maybe you maybe don't write me
maybe I should just oh yeah just stick
to one another stickers Oh Oh God Jesus
Christ
oh god everything's gonna be fine
oh shit maybe not
oh I was gonna knock him through the
door oh well I'm gonna lose this round
alright everything's fine bash them out
of this I see a door over there and I
want to know I desperately wants it
knocking through it
okay everything's gonna be fine guys
unless he knocks me through the door
come on okay there we go
killer croc penguin Riddler fucking
everyone's over there
there
I just combo it into a super I did I'm
learning keeping them off their bounds
so they stopped blocking my damn super
you know I'm saying
you can turn that off now thanks for
showing up so fast bats hi gang what do
we do now anyone up for pancakes
pancakes what are you playing at Harleen
what's he doing here mr. J can be a big
help to us so you came along on our
little field trip and I'm guessing he
didn't arrive alone a really neat thing
happened when I knocked and through our
come here he got beat up by Killer Croc
the penguin and the Riddler in a
different room Oh Batman quiet or I'll
cuff you and leave you for the police
and why did you save me from them Oh
Batman's been captured we got to bust
him out to free your Batman we need to
complete our mission
negative you and your clan lay low
negative and you're too dangerous to run
free more of them will be here soon go
I'll catch up with you I feel like he's
not giving at all or you know yeah
the or or whatever voice he's doing for
this Batman we don't we pull him here no
good it's just the face same problem you
can't take a Batman who looks like that
seriously this is wearing it so far as
my cosmic treadmill pull them all back
at once we got some work to do
beautiful isn't the moon or it's light
shining off your bald head
I'm pleased you wanted to meet you're
finally ready to join our little Club
business is bad being hunters wars after
so many refusals why now person
then they made it personal right how
they make it personal now
must have been some party Superman did
this exposed my identity and froze all
waynetech assets made Bruce Wayne an odd
person I still can't believe he lost at
this bat even with what Joker did in
Superman's mind
he destroyed metropolis I'm not
following somehow Joker altered
Superman's mind so we believed he was
fighting doomsday but it was Louis knew
Joker linked the nukes trigger to Louis
his heartbeat and she and the baby died
metropolis died with them Superman was
vulnerable probably for the first time
in his life his fear one out Green Arrow
died man beat the shit out of love as
Ryan was doomed
that was some beat by the way classic
joke you're with me you three secure the
bat cave entrance it's in a study that's
a great plan spooky but isn't this your
show splitting up saves time and you're
best suited to take out the automated
sentry guns all right then
operation Thunder Eagle lightning
whatever is under way
okay great
we're doing great these graphics are so
bad yeah uh how old is this game though
Oh old you know comparatively it's yeah
this is old enough seven years maybe
twenty thirteen five five and it's 1980
storm oh they did they just ripped off
that look
it was a little elbow scoob's just need
to come back up
headbutt from solomon grundy so green
arrow is dead
yeah his skull was caved in and he's
fighting this in his last grows his mine
did he have a super suit oh sure why not
everyone did oh wait I think he actually
he did I think that man okay shoot
Grundy oh my god I have to
okay okay okay okay
do a knife on my bow and arrow yes
nope that didn't do what I wanted it to
do
how about this okay oh wow Sami how
about what did i do what did i do what
did i do everything everything wrong
stop firing arrows up into the air
that's not helping Oliver out something
Grady's kicking my ass strength means
nothing in this universe how how would
you handle a a fighting game that has a
green arrow going up against Sullivan
Grundy right and have it be it all
balanced right no piano
what he ripped a tombstone out of his
belly
you see cuz he's a zombie cuz he's a
zombie
decide now no nope not what I wanted to
do shit stop it stop it Salman gritty
gonna do it oh fuck
what is Solomon Grundy's comic-book
power level I thought he was one of the
heavier hitters yeah and like not like
Hulk level but you know yeah maybe uh at
least Bane levels like you think real
superpower level time veins just to do
it in steroids the really good steroids
yeah
but I thought I thought brendi was the
kind of guy who like you know toss a
semi only oh maybe by I could I could
easily be wrong to me here yeah that's
what I wanted to do go into the TV it's
killer famous killer frost yeah
she's a nice feeling arrows oh shoot how
do i just shoot an arrow that's all i
wanted to do it like i haven't figured
out how to shoot an arrow straight yet
and I know that that seemed that might
seem like petty but doesn't work like
the back of the battery I have no idea
turn to the back forward why
Oh God oh Jesus Christ
oh that's great back forward or down
forward down for to come up
B is for arrange somebody sign by the
way totally fair totally fair I lost
again man I had full soup to do if I was
about to use my soup to do I think I can
choose different arrows to
how long is the story mode to this game
this is something we can expect the
hammer out in a night I don't know I
like we're a couple hours in right and
we're like we're barely scratching the
rösti the surface here weightless in
orbit you didn't Grundy's a zombie
you'll be fine
yep let's go it won't be long before
Superman knows we're here solid 60 hours
you know so you need some sort of
scanner to help identify these
duplicates exactly you can beat it or if
you don't know Anna strikers I probably
lost a couple times that's helpful
it's Chapter five of how many you'll
figure it out you always do
glad to be of service no dinner this
evening
Stefan has a new shipment of that Kansas
beef next time
these duplicates
do you think there's a Louis where they
come from there was only one of those
you his face you flat out growing a
beard again I don't know should be yeah
I have it now right yeah like we're
getting we're getting close and I
haven't freaked out yet and I know drove
you nuts last time you did oh and I'm
it's a little happen again no like like
I said what was it like a couple weeks
ago I know last week I just needed to
get out of the house thing I needed to
shave the top of my head but I didn't
have time for the full drama so just
shave this clean this up I mean I kept
it I haven't shaved since yeah we'll see
what happens I'll probably shave
tomorrow all I could so I put the weapon
in a wolf it only opens my spot I don't
know if I'll shave the beard or else try
to stick it out again and then lose my
marbles as soon as it starts itching and
I get chameleon it again like I always
do okay
twelve chapters overall you are in the
middle of chapter 5 minder
yeah it's like that just seems noisier
that one but Rach you're gonna throw a
rock at Superman
mm-hmm
hands on the scanners oh that's clever
that's why he needs a little computer
begin recognition scam why do they need
the rock what I get it so he needs these
specific members of the Justice League
to unlock what I assume is kryptonite to
kill Superman yeah and so that's why he
had to bring them over from the other
world that's cute
we fight now zip would you let your
guard down at your peril who did Black
Adam except like Adam nope
our green arrow was just as arrogant and
probably just as handsome also dead
because he's fighting a god oh that
worked just to be fair I think he is
dead
Green Arrow yeah yeah he's died a couple
times I think like that she didn't like
that
I didn't fly in the be single trees did
she know she's there wait did she and
Justice League trying to remember I
don't remember I don't think I don't
think she did I think you might be right
I don't think she did yeah
what thing no but she can fly well in
the movie I don't know that she does
know I mean in in DC Canon
I think but DC Canon changes every few
weeks right so I don't know we'll talk
about the new 52 the only 52 right next
year's 52 the 5200 53 oh yeah that's the
continuity I'm talking about pre-crisis
pose crisis 350 to push 50 to post new
52 52 free post new flashpoint 52 that's
a good one 52 point 62 points that's an
interesting story with Cod rebirth flash
rebirth uh-huh what flash rebirth 52
yeah most flash rebirth 52 that was the
weird one that's enough
pull the hey get a joke should have seen
that coming only one of you remains yeah
but I'm the one to beat
fired senses and justice is fun in
schlocky
and I like the idea of a Superman having
a breakdown
Richard Jack did either of you ever get
to watch Logan I've not only not seen
Logan yeah I've seen you didn't care for
I didn't care I mean a lot of it's fine
again that was one of those like where I
just like the hype was built up so much
of that that's like it was fine I did
not overly care for it
I didn't like the ending I just want to
knock them closer to the wall so I can
do this bit you know come over here come
over here you won't do it Stan I want to
I want to throw you through the wall
could you come over here please
oh I love them everything Jack please
stop jumping randomly it's all part of
my process
damn can it be fixed the kryptonite's
intact but the optical resonator was
beyond repair
even with luthor we don't have the
resources to build a new one quickly
looks like we're gonna need some help
my favorite superhero movies uh yeah I
just I I thought of a lot of missed
opportunities I didn't much care for I
don't know the no role I guess I didn't
I didn't like his lack of character arc
and I know that was kind of like the
point is like he doesn't have a
character arc but I and I felt like the
fighting the younger version of himself
was a little lame
all right let's crank it up yeah who's
fine a lot of the action sequences were
really cool
nope nope you don't oh do I get to be
cyborg yeah let me be cyborg don't know
whether to Pat myself on the back kick
myself cuz they don't know you said this
place was secure just keep him busy with
pleasure
yeah I guess I'm ordinal help shit
Deathstroke's gonna do nothing but get
us ask us so far yeah
now out what I did there oh my god this
was that did I do that now
hey-hey-hey-hey go how about that I like
that Deathstroke didn't like that at all
he likes it just every is fine
everything's fine I don't know what you
talking about I did you brought a soupy
dupe to a gunfight
apparently that was the wrong call
no stopping with the gun there I got a
gun too you like that
no you don't it's not nice is it tasing
the balls this alright do it again
I wasn't trying to actually that time
but you know here we are booyah Kingdom
threatened
nope oh oh and that's not gonna kick him
through it I want to kick him through it
I don't think you can it looks like you
can right
it looks like it but I guess you can't I
don't have anything to wager did
Deathstroke at home for them oh I should
move it from something right not every
stage has the field of defense it should
how about that I'll grant you that
yeah pleasures all mine Slade it's it's
weird seeing him look like that but
hearing that voice cuz that's the same
voice for like the super cartoony Teen
Titan my goers cyborg okay so it's very
weird to hear that voice but see him
look realistic
I was the same voice yeah the blue prism
says peace brothers rich your stream
last Friday / Saturday thank you
weapons hot
what what does that mean okay you didn't
like that he doesn't like
hope that's fair no that's fair
was be due for cyber oh yeah I don't
really know he does this maybe it makes
him stronger
eat it legs
help now yes
that's great battle wardrobe malfunction
Oh for those for those of you who didn't
hear it the quip at the end of the fight
was a wardrobe malfunction that works in
context that that's a dated reference at
this point at the time at the time it
might have been funny but why would you
just stick your hand in there you idiot
it's kind of its ramp up your
transporter fix the laser in our
dimension and come back with
reinforcements
I'm sure I can get there's no time five
years ago a tragic event cost the lives
of millions overwhelmed by guilt for the
part he played in the destruction he was
driven mad he became an agent of chaos
an enemy of peace and security but no
longer the leader the insurgency will
pay for his crimes
I don't like this at 6 p.m. local time
Batman will be executed at Strykers
Island may rau have mercy on his soul
may who owl said clip time ago cryptic
valued rescuing Batman just became our
brain that's Krypton guys drama of
course it is then we'll have to be
sneaky about it sneaky how the
watchtowers teleport strikers is
equipped with teleportation day Oh
what's our up time looking like how we
doing how we rolling but the only
custard a little late you just have to
get Batman outside straight through a
brick wall I'm in
a diversion to keep Superman occupied
leave that to me I'll take the teleport
I'm the most qualified with 47 minutes
ago I will do it will do another ranks
another section York I'll do another
section okay get over for I'm worried we
weren't a good role what's up do you
want to finish this on strings hell they
I mean they said I mean like another
night oh sure yeah maybe we'll finish
this on Wednesday Thursday Thursday Hey
oh by the way heads-up we're not gonna
stream on Wednesday because Wednesday is
Valentine's Day and we did not so we
talked about this off stream oh wow we
talked about so heads-up just in case
any of you have plans on Valentine's we
don't want you to feel obligated to
break those plans to watch us cuz
obviously you would you don't have to
choose us over the love all right don't
expect any more me
yeah sorry I got stuff going on
Valentine's Day plans this is what's
happening
you Hey look she's got like little it's
not the worst she's ever looked but look
she's got like her hips showing no
that's weird that's weird we still on
for tonight sorry gotta cancel new
orders since when is that stopped you
yeah you know what the sad thing is
about these character designs hmm Wow I
believe this game came out after Arkham
Asylum so we know they could be done
better yep at the time we know they
could have been done better
well what a grandpa hooks I can grab a
hook booyah that is that's very you know
that booyah is very satisfying I bet I
can act I bet this place has some extra
shit I can Mack around right behind his
good and evil childhood right now good
cyborg okay I was pretending to be evil
cyborg obviously the interest rate the
bad guys but evil evil er Catwoman
discovered me so so Catwoman is evil in
this universe
well evil er right she live an evil for
a while right she's still bad guy
stop it she spent pac-man's I lied for a
while about to get real up in here
he says clash success 15% health regen
are they engaged in the comics Batman
who killed the bat kitten well if they
are you know that won't last
she's marrying Batman well I'm still
turn remember they would have broke them
up years ago
hello comic book relationships just
aren't allowed to last right I found a
duplicate of me
Wonder Woman out don't mind me just
hacking your neural network pack meaning
you're totally gonna have a hack battle
yep how about I return the favor
we're gonna have to press dramatic music
dude heck is armed
you can't keep hacking you apparently
for real like men
fine by me like cyborgs
let's see what weird places we can go I
want to knock you through some shit they
were guy but I cannot go through that I
don't mind that something is a cutscene
and not a QuickTime event that doesn't
bother me okay
considering that they've done those
little QuickTime events throughout this
game though it feels strange that that
wasn't right I'm not gonna complain
about it it just doesn't fit the pattern
yeah that was totally an opportunity for
their hit X yeah hit beat a hack come
over here I want to see if I can send
you through this but all that matters
that's all I care about at this moment
yes it's like sending him you know oh
fuck you planet
does anyone actually like quick time
events anyway no they're the worst thing
oh I'm not complaining that it wasn't
one second right agree that's that was a
perfect opportunity for a little agree
fine here you send me through this one
how about that we're holding the back
attack there we go I just wanted to get
sent I wanted someone to get central
holy shit who's that that's Darkseid oh

look at this way to the background who
the fuck are they I have no fucking out
of this gigantica right is that her name
I don't know enough about these
characters that's like a Wonder Woman
enemy gigantica I want to say alright
alright alright the other ones Adam then
apparently yeah that would make sense
so the atom does big - not just small oh
yeah oh shit
well I didn't want to get sensitive sex
time but hey we're here hi are some more
of Giganta they might be gigantic ah
get him so many fights oh there's a big
robot guy hey big robot guy that bar you
for a second okay can I do something
with you yeah
this is crazy
right like what do you do robot yeah do
something right out hate him this time
there you go
you can shut your opponent into the
robot no time for that now no I was
close to death yeah and I didn't want to
do the fight oh yeah thank you for each
level 20 I don't know what that means
I don't think that's not a good you beat
me to it another contract lost you're
both gonna make the same awful he made
it personal torture just torture well he
didn't kill your alternate-universe
daughter or something there was there
were there were some side eyes with for
depth strokes as new might be a bad guy
my neural network the plan was who is
that someone look up who does the voice
for Deathstroke in this game it was good
enough for me yeah I asked myself what
if what happened to Lois happen to Iris
made sense at first that people got what
they deserved
Martok from Star Trek jg has not
actually gonna kill Batman he's just
bait to catch the real Batman I don't
know how that is
Deep Space nine is Mark arrow talk rich
it's a Martok from Deep Space nine how
did Mark talk was honestly
oh the king and general guy yeah yeah
the one I clean up okay work becomes
friends with Mikey eventually becomes
the new leader who the new chancellor
yeah he's a good character all right no
Deathstroke oh that's fun though that's
cute that's cute game took me a second I
haven't I haven't watched as much Deep
Space 9 as I have the rest of Trek
release the TNG and and original the
original series yeah yeah yeah I'm with
you all right hey let's let's get to the
the point in the stream rich in which we
thank all the people who have subscribed
to us during the stream do we have any
tips first thing you know I'm gonna
whine I like somewhat arson - oh how
many I got here who a guy here what you
got there but oh by the way the the the
US just won bronze and figure skating so
yeah yeah care abouts a figure skating
yeah so congratulations
Game four quarter says always great to
come home from work to a stream I know
Mike and Jay don't really do interviews
but could you suggest reaching out to
Joe Rogan to do his podcast that would
be an amazing crossover oh I know that
Joe Rogan has an interest in
interviewing you know there's others
different levels I think a lot of people
like his show I like Joe Rogan sure my
like his podcast but now shinola lead 5
says what was the point of tutorial when
game restarts and makes it easy to beat
in all realness we don't really care on
how you play the game we're just happy
listening to you guys happy streaming
right I just wanted to have some basic
idea of what you can do with a game I
probably what I ended up button-mashing
anyway cuz it's a fighter and it's just
so it's just so much with the combo it's
just so much well but and you know you
button mashing then eventually you
realize ok if I do this that happens but
going through the tutorial does help it
gives you a context of what's even
possible like that whole like knocking
people through walls thing yeah if that
would have happened just was like whoa
that was weird I guess that was only on
that one stage we wouldn't have known
that it was a thing you could yeah yeah
yeah
and Ron Jon Donson says hashtag free
Daniel day-lewis I know nothing about
this I will remain neutral I have no
idea what the fuck that is referencing I
have no idea okay
I'm caught up all right so now let us
thank the subscribers oh wait we have
one last one that just came in oh do I
say no you could say no if you want not
a missus to Jack like you I was
disappointed in Altered carbon I'm still
a fan of the original books Netflix
pretty much ruined it all also was
executive produced by the lady behind
Terminator Genisys oh yeah and it's like
I had no expectations going in so I
don't want to say I was disappointed by
altered carbon it just was very bland
but it had it had little sparks of
really neat ideas like they they had
these great characters to like character
I would much rather like watch a movie
about these other characters than the
main character who was bland emic mcdoon
man bland emic good at everything they
had really neat ideas and none of the
neat ideas went anywhere and it was
overall the super bland so I like it
wasn't even a disappointing thing it was
just like a man
chap Jack was having so much fun I
didn't I didn't have the heart to ask
for the controller to try a few rounds
oh and I'm sorry I was fun I can do this
I was having I was I could tell I could
I'm not an I'm not a complete asshole
thanks I'm fun my Jack have fun well I
know you just like you've been you've
been leaving shuffling all day I know
that you just had your eleven and a half
or marathon sure I didn't know if your
thumbs could handle any more rich
okay okay so now we thank all the people
who have subscribed to us during this
dream much like this time
it's lupus for 27 fucking months in a
row who says you're no death run was a
moving and 12 hour epic that isn't quite
like anything else in the history of
video games it took 12 hours to make
what I'm seeing in there in in chat yeah
we're planning on a Thursday night
Thursday night stream as Wednesday is
Valentine's Day so we'll be back a
Thursday night yeah
aimes l VX one three five for 20 fucking
months in a row jim Galaxia 2017 Justin
Harmon for 45 motherfucking months in a
row
who says happy what is today Wednesday
whatever day it is glad to see mr. Evans
was able to give Dead Rising 3 a shot
hope he had fun with it 300 you know
that's not the worst thing I've ever
played it's not a Dead Rising game it
really isn't mr. good yeah it's five
months of no regrets keep up the great
work
grandma Tarkan too says seven months of
no regrets
keep up the good work thank you why our
tape it'll for clay dough one for twelve
months in a row who says I just beat to
slay the spire with a strength deck
thanks for introducing me to this game
but what happened to the last few days
of my life it does it sucks you in cuz
all that's all you're thinking about is
that Matt is that card Matthew looking
at those cards going what can I do how
the hell do you keep up with defense in
that game how the hell do you do it a
little bit of its luck and a little bit
of it is is building the right defense
though you know I got I got lucky once
and I got I had a card that
and I got to keep all of my shield yeah
she'll didn't disintegrate right that
was an awesome card because yeah they
that's so expensive to use near the end
of the game you get hit for 45 health
just for the full turn it takes right to
set that up yeah absolutely
that's what eventually what eventually
killed me tonight was the the strength
card that that took three essence to use
yeah that was a whole turn right to just
take it in the face right and then it
took like two more turns just to get up
to a decent strength attack absolutely
absolutely absolutely well hey glad
you're enjoying slave inspire we are as
well d fu forever who says why don't you
do math in the jungle because if you add
four plus four
you get eight get 800 Chung gums XL j
p-- water smart pronunciate lease martin
pronunciation and c leap for 18 months
in a row this is 18 months halfway to
two years what's clean yeah spelt apple
light beads for 41 motherfucking months
in a row says just remind her to always
guard your dinkle winkler yeah yeah what
yeah yeah moist bandicoot's family a
girl a lab for twenty six fucking months
in a row says solo is a norwegian soda
oh I'm so low
talking about I'm solo he's got a movie
here's the thing rich I don't know if
you know this I got a little inside
scoop it's a Star Wars movie it's a it's
in the within the Star Wars movie
universe the beautiful ho says barks
didn't you know I've I've lived long
enough to see all the franchise's die
lot something just get old and I get to
watch all the things that once upon a
time I loved I just get to sit here and
watch them burn they're just changing
right they're just changing you know you
you see a flower and and it looks you
see a rose and it looks so beautiful but
that's not it's trying to form it blocks
yeah you know then cancer is just your
body changing right that's right that's
true and growing and sometimes it's the
wrong parts growing and that's what
kills you
solo han solo movie yeah mm-hmm I
remember when Star Trek was a set of
ideals and not a series of names and
races and locations that people shot
guns at each other in I remember that
now it was fun times that was the fun
times Star Trek on cancer and now that
part of its growing and cutting off
circulation and resources to other parts
of the Star Trek body eldorado DK FF IV
for 16 months in a row DK FF IV says I'd
rather listen to rich describe how he
builds the sets and contraptions than
listen to Jack prattle on about cameras
sometimes we talk about sets whatever
JJ cheek or 4:20
five fucking months in a row says I
watch this stream expecting a high level
of hack fraud or II and you guys never
subvert my expectations thanks for never
disappointing PS lol solo my job ah I'm
monkey fuck 8 says yay six months I hope
you guys want to play Monster Hunter
world sometime we'll see there's so much
shit so much shit out there might be
good monster honor a chance
yeah we like dragons are my people say
that's like Dragon's Dogma just like
Helldivers people try to say that Final
Fantasy is just like X come because you
take turns so right right
maybe you just fight a monster and
that's enough it's Clem Fandango who
says Wow
six months in a row that I have
remembered to Reese obscure I've have
you guys ever watched the TV show toast
of London stars Matt berry and it was
Garth merengue oh he was in Garth
meringue he's dark place well I do love
Garth meringue geez dark place I have
not seen toast of London okay Stryker
eleven twenty one thirty three fucking
months in roses I for one will miss
shirtless rich damn you knew twitch
Guidelines rich you can't be shirtless
anymore that's those are old twitch
guidelines they changed that a while ago
about people in there and their clothes
got to keep the clothes on man
Jake 808 for twenty nine fucking months
in a row who says very cool Wow 79 says
it's the third time I have been subbed
for two months I wish I could remember
to push that button push the button push
a button Chernobyl kinsman for thirty
four fucking months in a row who says I
closed the stream before you read these
out now but thanks anyway I think a lot
of people do that's fair that's fair
probably do it at the end
mmm-hmm I am a robot
I am a robot zero one zero one zero one
so it's a good job Friday rich thank you
Euler's number for 19 months in a row
space Comeau 441 motherfucking months in
a row
Logan's walk em Z's the grim the grim
and the grim panda who says heart emoji
you guys Pepsi or coke pepsi but I'm not
too partial whatever I'll take I think I
usually there's a choice Massie I think
if there's a choice that probably coke
yeah yeah I mean I wouldn't refuse a
Pepsi in place of a right my sister does
really she's what she's that person
she's that person like knowing me she's
so much mellower than she used to be
tube that's just that's what of her
things that's fine that's fair that's
fine that's fair which one the more I
just love that for them Wally Russ 10 P
Dill's says I can't remember what's
richest turned to be wrong about
literally everything or Jack's turn
either way he was my attorney
what does it like to be so wrong about
literally everything kappa not cop you
know we all have our own experiences oh
I think I'm right far more than I'm
wrong Thank You quite frankly well it's
like I think I'm right apparently I'm
wrong and things the things that are our
opinions definitely not wrong there are
opinion of these so just fuck yourself
Oh Kathleen I go fuck yourself kappa now
kappa how about that fiery dog poop
who says you guys are like the white key
& peele of gaming i disagree
keep on keepin on Fandral for 21 fucking
months in a row Jack Smith I think I'm
losing it I think I'm losing my brando
effect if they hey did you hear Harris
Harris did you hear no I did not hear
did you hear me and who was that fuckin
again no oh it was a Richard Pryor fifth
victim am his mustache would tickle my
ballsack and I love them he was a
good-looking man
I don't consider okay I need to tell you
I don't consider myself a homosexual but
he was just a good-looking man mr.
Brando just when did you think that
Richard Pryor was hot I think was if I
was hot oh that joke it is I does
anybody get that oh I don't get him does
anybody get that he famously set himself
on fire doing drugs oh did he crack or
something exploding at his face he was
running down the street on fire so uh
forgot fun 242 has we subscribe for 37
motherfucking months at all
it's a free freebasing he set himself on
fire he with with a very attractive man
I thought do you do me a great respect
by reading this thing my character the
boy Jack I'm playing I'm kind of worked
out thank you
Cubano 206 rose dog msg param recipient
Sakura Lemann Wow Lando was taken for 40
motherfucking months in a row who says
fucking magnets
they work fucking magnets how they work
uh I gotta furs out man nobody knows how
magnets work that's true of their magic
assembling a team scientists we're gonna
figure it out it's alien technology we
hardly really work just to hug some
metal I want to touch each other why
they're horny met they're horny rocks
that's all magnets are are horny rocks I
just want to rub up against each other
we got to teach them God then they stop
being so horny like it for all these
magnets work I could use as a component
my giraffe engine Oh God
giraffe Angie's like a giant I got oh
shit put the giant hamster wheel but
it's bring it up for a dress it's
brilliant brilliant since I have nothing
creative to say this month just glad you
back to watching live after finishing my
fucking jail time congratulations you
did it dr. smoke trees congratulations
welcome back turbo Dangerfield who says
I love it when you hate play games
please do so more often thank you for
the entertainment that is better than
98% of network television
well that while that is frozen I hate
play but I was gonna say it is it is
true that we're better than 98% of
network television absolutely that was
not a hate play actually I I like
fighting games I it's fun to you know
play as superheroes and beat people up
that was fun that was not that was not a
Jesus Christ shut up already
turbo Dangerfield we're criticizing the
costumes that doesn't mean we hate
everything about the game oh yeah they
were so ugly yeah question number 16
okay check Fox says hey so it turns out
that the Nash
no committee for videogame and anime
recommendations doesn't allow official
recommendations their oversight
subcommittee sent me a citation last
week for $600
anyway thanks for the stream this
doesn't allow unofficial recommendation
oh okay I think I get it
Luke's kitty but we're just gonna move
on because reference to something I have
forgotten about probably I think it's
just like people recommend video games
and anime to us all the time okay and so
they're saying that there's an official
committee of video game and anime
recommendations I don't know then and
they've been not sanctioning any of the
anime and video game recommendations so
they got a fine what what color is
Goku's hair now and why is that going to
make me want to watch it it's it's
purple at the top but blue at the roots
and the more power he gets the more blue
shows up because blue signifies light
waves bouncing off of his hair which is
like the atmosphere and his enemy is
green which absorbs his energy which
comes across as blue because it bounces
off the light race you're trying to
scientifically break down Goku no I was
making it somebody done this
somebody tried to scientifically break
down Goku he's an alien doesn't matter I
was making all that up
I don't his hair's not blue or maybe it
is I don't know I've seen pictures of
him with blue hair I think he's done
blue at some point I have no idea I am
it was I think they recently added and
blue and magenta I was pulling a hundred
percent of that out of my button and I
don't know nothing about nothing
how about zip ubermensch zero to be fair
Goku was a cool character
we're way up
MZ Phu for 17 months in a row says beer
board games think about it I don't drink
so I've already thought about it
I think about it almost every weekend
and I do it
what were we playing this weekend this
weekend was a light one we played a we
played king of Tokyo which is not my
favorite board game because it's very
and it can be unbalanced and it goes by
too fast in my opinion and we played we
played more captain sonar which is a
game I've been loving yeah that's that
submarine submarine yeah yeah yeah we
finally had a big enough group where you
can play man
we played king of Tokyo captain sonar
and then like as it got later and people
got a little too rowdy we did some cards
against humanity' in which you know I
was like it's fine okay it was beautiful
games all the time
mister I love the ants who says can you
please say your mother's a bitch a
mother's a bitch yes I right man well
setting up um just for me I'm gonna come
in you say it way better than it okay
that's fair I do sjb 93 Biff Oh Potamus
for 44 motherfucking months in a row Wow
two decks for 37 motherfucking months
and Rosa's starting my fourth year of
watching prereq a life well spent
mmm yes it's very true AM tilts for 14
months in a row is a Curos Taco Fox for
17 months in a row
Helios sphere 1969 for 20 fucking months
in a row
Pizza Train 11 for 36 motherfucking
months in a row thank you says it's my
birthday and the three-year anniversary
pop my streamers right jack it predicted
wrong with it's usually Jack by the way
why is it the only good that it just
randomly works out where it's usually me
popular streamers that's weird um home
town markup for 42 motherfucking months
in a row
turd smuggler 44 says rich I spent two
days listening to your Dead Rising 2 no
death run while doing housework and
other projects around the house thanks
for the good work Robin
it's a kuhmo one always had nothing and
Ryan from Michigan for 16 months a
neurosis lol sneaking in
I want horsey sauce horsey sauce thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really do remember we're
streaming on Thursday not Wednesday I'll
set a reminder on Twitter
