Mar 25, 2018
Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/248335427
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/248337297
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/248339066
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/248521479
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFXCyEcmy6g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhlyeRjojK8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jq5rfUv3GGY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/977979290120843264

[Part I]
make sure we're coming through it
usually takes like I want to say like a
like 30 seconds or so just yeah
clicking buffer Bactrian buffer I ran up
the stairs but a window do so subject
hmm
you you you put it you put it to Twitter
today you didn't you didn't know what
you're gonna fillet you you put at the
Twitter it was gonna be blood-borne or
or detective Pikachu and then the chat
gets to decide what we play so what are
we playing jack
well I blood-borne we're playing
blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne yeah
we did it yeah I checked the Twitter
that yeah Pikachu it was like winning
like two two two one I gave this one the
old electoral college rich we uh are you
saying are you saying Jack that
blood-borne is the Republican
presidential candidate of previously
recorded streams what I'm saying is I
wanted to put out some feelers for what
people what I thought people would like
and I made my own decision anyway you
know what let's pull this back a little
bit let's pull this is like let's take
it back even further cuz there earlier
in the day you know let's open up we're
gonna we're gonna show people how the
wheels turn uh-huh we were deciding on
what to play hey hey rich meat at this
time and to be fair I think I told you I
don't give a shit right you can play it
on the fuck you want I'll give a shit I
was like people people want to see the
the sea of thieves and people want to
see the brothers escaping from prison
co-op yeah yeah and so we looked into
sea of thieves and it's still in open
beta and you have to buy it on the
Microsoft Store you sure that's from
what I saw okay you know what like 30
seconds of googling and that's where I
came to that can't be true because it's
an Xbox one
Windows 10 exclusive oh oh so now the
Windows Store is the worst exactly so I
booted that one right out I was gonna
push for the co-op break out of jail
game
but anyone who watches us play it we
basically be spoiling all the puzzles
okay and that's pretty new out so you
know know what am i doing I don't know
how do we I don't know what I'm doing we
saw in the first area theoretically we
might spoil some of the puzzles so then
I decided against that
yeah I'm texting with you back and forth
and you said you didn't care and I said
well if it were working I'd play a
little blood-borne but I know that
Detective Pikachu just came out and he
would insist I don't care he's my
character willing this is my outfit yeah
I'm wearing an awesome outfit you're
welcome this is how I beat vicar Amelia
I'm humiliating my enemies not exactly
okay so in any case I felt like playing
for him but as I had the tech speech you
okay I'll put it to Twitter and but like
the Twitter wasn't like what we're gonna
play it was just a it was just feelers I
have detective Pikachu the feelers was
overwhelmingly a lot of the you know the
the comments and replies were no
detective Pikachu so okay okay in any
case if you know in a couple hours we'll
see how far we get with blood-borne and
we can always switch to the detective
Pikachu later so this is where I am
right now
what are we doing so I just beat vicar
Amelia for anyone who was watching
riches stream yeah
I'm basically picking up except for I
did I've also defeated the electric
beasts okay and and I made friends with
with the man okay I didn't I didn't know
you could do that and so as soon as you
something that's like oh I gotta go make
friends kill him which is what your
first instinct of course you never get
to see that right he's dead you still
get his stuff his his the powder-keg
badge so I defeated that dark beast and
I we want to go to the church not the
Church of the good
yeah the church no the grand Cathedral
that's where we want to go so I just
beat vicar Amelia it was a tough battle
that electric beast with my hammer I was
able to shut him down so easily I would
just get underneath him and then he
would charge up hit him with my big r2
and it would it would knock him out like
I defeated sing super easy my strat with
him yeah did you get underneath them and
the big the big swing with the
two-handed axe yeah thirdly with what
some fire applied to it mm-hmm
and that that takes his legs out you can
visceral almost his electricity goes out
yeah and if you're good you can you can
almost keep him like sun block not quite
still we can keep him from powering up
exactly yeah cuz he spends all this time
building up that big electric charge
which you can dispel with a big R to it
by the way going through this game again
you know this isn't maybe my third time
going through this game I just love all
of the I'm a dolla statues well just you
know like ever everywhere there are
little um what do you call it what do
you call it when it hints at something
that's gonna happen later in a story
foreshadowing yeah
there's little foreshadowings of all of
everything later and it's so beautiful
it's so beautiful good evening everyone
welcome oh fuck you
really really right off the bat you're
gonna embarrass me like that right off
the bat this this is my first time
playing playing a hammer run and I have
decided that when that this playthrough
I must defeat it shirtless yeah and you
know I got the doll's clothes and I just
think it's funny and so I am now
shirtless in a skirt and that's how I am
playing you know you you do you jack
I am look at that 387 damage one hit
now excuse you so that's all blame
Korean and this is my first time playing
with the Kerr camera and it's a little
different you know like it's a different
weapon for me to pump everything into
strength
oh that's what that's exactly what I've
been doing let's see if you can see my
uh my stats here my strengths at 24 now
yep
so yeah just basically strength vitality
insurance a little into skill cuz that
that helps my defenses but like nothing
blunted you nothing arcane because I
don't give a fuck about that I have
recently read that there's basically no
good reason to put any more than 20 into
endurance oh yeah so you're at what what
the pro players recommend does the max
for endurance Oh am i yeah well then go
I mean endurance you can see that gets
me what one two three swings and and a
flip away which is basically what most
of the times what I need with the hammer
three swings gonna flip away so alright
so let's go I already I already went
this way to on the other side of the
church you know there's a bag man over
there and there is the invisible Imagawa
that kills you so now let's go into the
forest it's time rich it's time to go
into the forest
oh you know what do I want a farm a
little bit maybe I want to farm a little
bit you can you can do as you wish
I'm doing I'm just saying that I had
that I have only um bunny wait you just
just do the witches and you'll
incidentally firm on the way it's not
they're not a very hard boss yeah but I
gotta make my way through the forest
first we just hit things with your
hammer you'll be fine yeah we'll see
well you know what we'll give it we'll
try once if you can if you can take down
Amelia you can get through the witch's
forest
I'm sure it's nothing Jack it's nothing
you say that no I do I'm setting you up
to fail for comedy okay
you know for comedy come in yes for
comedy I'm giving you unrealistic
expectations for comedy you know here
here's the part of the game where where
it does it loses me a little bit you
know it's been a while since I played
the game and some things you remember
and some things get a little fuzzy as
far as like where the enemies are what
they are this is the this is the area
that gets a little fuzzy pretty good and
I know there's not much to this area I
ever do I remember that my first time in
the woods I was so fucking scared are
you thinking if this one's of those
snake woods oh this stuff well I know
the snake woods are next
but no the these woods woods kicked my
ass the first time because I think this
is the first area where you get the
weird dogs right by here this is the
first area where you get like that yeah
those things look at those things they
are pain they're the biggest pain in the
ass in the woods
ie this you than me we shoot that me
where he shooting at me we shoot at me
from my shooting at me bro shut I'll
probably play hitman someday it's not
it's not gonna be today I don't know if
I should jump straight into the new one
either for the hip man I hear good I
hear good things about the Hitman yeah
the Hitman in general but the new ones
specifically alright alright nuts I'm
not saying you should I'm not saying
you'd like it I'm just what there's a
dog over there - ha she's the dog
oh yeah this is a little this is a
slightly easier than I remember it being
you probably tackled it at an earlier
level I might have you know oh fuck you
first time through the game you don't
really know what you're doing
dink-dink all right I think that might
be everyone we'll see oh great great
everything's great you know it's great
rich what
bridgitte day the new overwatch
character okay I've been I've been
spending some time it's Bridget Taylor's
just Bridget you're saying it funny it's
it's it's a funny one see Asian doesn't
pretend I don't know the first thing
about overwatch it's a funny
pronunciation of Bridget okay but it's
like Brad air you know
however they pronounce it in some other
country you know but I hate something to
that ilk
oh the tank killer she's the tank healer
less less of a tank than I was assuming
she's the Humvee healer she's the Humvee
healer less of a tank that I was coming
you know she has a little shield she's a
kind of a healer but not like a
full-blown healer she's listed as a
support character okay not just a healer
no there's something I thought there was
something hidden over here
and you know she has uh she has a melee
weapon she has all these all these
special moves and she is fun as a heck
to play but she's a new character which
means that you're basically fighting
everyone to see who gets to play her and
so it's a mad dash every new game you
start because you can only there's only
one kept person per one character per
game per game is that something they
changed yes it was something that
changed for balanced reasons so only one
person can be but a hit that's gonna be
annoying the character you like plays
well oh so you
sometimes but that's why you're
encouraged to find a couple you're
encouraged to find a couple people you
like just in case yours is taken first
and then yeah it's a mad dash like the
new game starts and you have quick click
over there quick click start but might
like D incent not that I'm a big multi
player yeah but I'm about to jump into
overwatch anyway but that would D
incentivize me to play it oh well in C
to me it's great because then you don't
have to worry about balance issues and
really if you wanted to you can go into
like custom games where there are no
limits what was the unbalanced thing to
do Oh like the is like an entire team of
Road hogs which is the big heavy that
can heal himself to full health okay
that doesn't major damage you can have
six Road hogs on a on a team and and
just murder everything and a one per
team or one of the match I would presume
14 per team yeah
hello one per team but and you know
because brigitte brigitte de is so new
everyone wants to be here and so yeah
there's there's always a but a heat day
on both teams and and sometimes that
isn't fun because it's not a good
indication of what okay that's fair it's
not a good indication of what eventually
it will be because eventually yeah oh
yeah
how do I beat ROM the spider patience
patience
pick off little guys try and try and get
the little guys isolated because you
could be attacking one or another one
will maul you patience you know I've had
decent luck not worrying about the
little spiders and just going after
wrong yeah yeah okay there you go
because you you spend so much time
dealing with the little spiders at it by
the by the time you get one hit on ROM
well once you take care of the little
spiders thing as though he's excessively
easy without his little cousin he just
spawns new ones only so many times it
doesn't continuously just spawn them
endlessly oh really
yeah he spawns these bonds a full set of
spiders three different times well yeah
and like you know the big problem with
with ROM is what is it which at which
spawning does he then start shooting you
with rocks like he's me makes it rain
rocks telegraphed you just gotta be on
the lookout for it was Dan get out of
the fucking way
those dang rocks all the dang time
yes I know he's launching spells at you
the second and third time he spawned
spiders but like I said patients try to
isolate the spider try to kill the
spider but if he starts to one of his
attacks just gotta let it go and get out
of the way and then come back and try
and kill one of the spiders again that's
the idea that's good advice just for the
whole game just patience question if you
watched a blood-borne speedrun listen
they're asking us how we would deal with
it we're not we're not professionals
here we're just we're just people who
enjoy we're enthusiasts hammertime
please Hamma don't hurt him
that's right that's right seems throwing
Molotov cocktails I remember this boom I
love this hammer just rich no above the
boom hammer and the DLC I'm I'm not a
big fan of large heavy weapons which
one's the boom hammer like like like
this giant sledgehammer Jack Susan yeah
that's definitely more of a Jack thing
that are rich them right yeah rich rich
likes his Fords Thor just like the song
little song swingin cleaver spawned on
cleavers a great weapon for the spear I
went through the entire my first
playthrough I beat the game with the
sauce beer yep loves that weapon the
sauce beer and the crows weapons the
blades of mercy mm-hmm those were my
main those are my two mains this time
I'm trying something different trying my
hammer I do have I have my flamethrower
with me just in case like I feel like
burning someone yeah I like my
flamethrower
but mostly it's all hammer I've been
trying to the blades mercy are fun yeah
blades of mercy are really fun
fuck you troll it's a flamethrower worth
buying well I never really had an arcane
build but I've heard people swear by the
flamethrower
it's fun it's with with my hammer
I am considerably less worried about
staggering my hammer does so much
goddamn damage I just wait for my my
opening and swing hard I just keep my
flamethrower just cuz I think it's fun
yeah and you know like if I'm if I'm
waiting for an enemy like especially
boss enemies just give him a little
flame give a little little kiss little
kiss at a fire fight eat eat eat I
purchased that shirt the original series
or the motion picture enterprise and
also where did you get it I think I just
got it like it's either a Target or
Walmart wasn't anywhere fancy oh yeah
they send honoured stuff and everywhere
just pretty I've never really examined
it I'm pretty damn sure it's just the
original series but yeah looking at the
the nacelles that's original series it's
got the little balls on the end and the
struts are straight mmm that's totally
it's totally original series can't
confirm upon closer inspection
I know I thought I remembered you you
which ye yeah I got your number game I
got your number how can you not love
just a big dumb hammer just crush love
it except for when I swing it literally
nothing look at situationally I don't
mind you know the big slow blunt tack
but just personal preference Jack oh it
fills me with probably an unnatural joy
just crushing this is the shortcut
yes I'm not saying you're wrong
oh no no no and I'm just emphasizing how
much I do enjoy the big dumb weapon I'm
just emphasizing how much I like it it's
it's you know it's a very empowering
jack crush Jack did you Jack and Rich
actually did you know that besides the
Avengers films Black Panther is the
highest grossing superhero filming yet I
saw that it's a great day for dumb
popcorn films congratulations Ryan
Coogler it's like like I've said a bunch
of times Black Panther is not even is
not one of my favorites of the MC use
but people seem to like it that's great
and good on Ryan Coogler but but yeah
you know
you which the question is yeah is
infinity war going surpassing others
yeah it's looking like it I I would have
said I would assume yes because you not
only you get the crowd from every single
movie mm-hmm let's say you got you got
some people like your JS yeah who like
who really like those guardians of the
galaxy movies but you could take or
leave everything else legitimately great
for Black Panther yeah yeah absolutely
but I mean it's it's gonna be a one
month long crown until infinity until
infinity war surpasses them absolutely
but that's fine because and then and
then of to everything is marvel
everything is marvel and that's fine no
this is this is gonna be everything you
Guardians fans your Captain America oh
it's a witch shit shit say you know
you're you're in the Olympics here
you're on a swim team and for your heat
you had the best time but like the very
next very next to you Michael Phelps is
going right you're not gonna hold on to
that lead like well like like that guy
who came in second the the Olympics that
Jesse Owens was running like fastest
time ever that's good it's you know with
with Black Panther doing as well at it
as it has and now infinity war bait
Marvel is Marvel and Disney are just
continuing their reign in the money
printing business
it will still be the highest-grossing
solo superhero film oh sure
so the fuck what well deep people like
putting those caveats on things rich
people like putting those caveats this
did you know that space cop was the
highest-grossing movie starring space
cop that's true that's true and it I'd
finally out grossed the YouTube video
called space cop trailer I have people
like that people like the caveats let
him have let him have him let him have
let the people have the fun rich let the
people have their fun like it's not a
bad life answer it's not a bad movie I
people love it oh shit
I did not remember that that dude was in
here people loved it I don't necessarily
get like the people who love it but yeah
whatever I'm not here to hate
I just never cared
I mean I'll probably see it eventually
right I don't know what to look for me
for black panther I don't get it yeah
pretty is fine nothing for you one of my
least favorite characters in civil war I
wait care that he's got his own movie
right right but that's fine because
you're still gonna see infinity war
because you like other people yeah and
yeah and other people are gonna see
infinity war because they like before
and other people because they like
guardians and other because then i
captain another because they like black
panther infinity war is gonna be nuts
it's just gonna be nuts rich bloodshot
eyeball I'm fairly pumped for infinity
water where am i this ready player one
the movie that beat black panther you
finally will it I think I think it comes
out this weekend okay i but i have
honestly no idea well do you feel bad
for spielberg y sandwiched in between
black panther and infinity war
he's the calm man he's the calm before
the storm no no like it'll be he'll be
fine hopefully I don't know last couple
Spielberg's have been have been uh flops
at least at least at the box office
Pacific Rim - okay oh well yeah after
after Black Panther has been on top for
you know how long now Pacific Rim - did
better than like me out there come here
come here Hammer lady I got a hammer -
oh my hand was better than yours
I think Spielberg as well is well-off
enough to take him okay I said feel bad
not I'm going to go to sleep crying go
faint if Steven Spielberg okay here's
here's why I don't feel bad for see
here's why I don't feel bad for ready
player one because it's ready player one
if it were like some artistic gem that
got washed under the wake of superhero
movies yeah you feel bad for that guy
like the indie flick that's gonna get
washed under the wave of superhero
movies yeah oh I feel bad for that ready
player one let it get washed away I'm
gonna fuck a trailer I saw credited
Spielberg as a cinematic game-changer he
was
he was he absolutely was Black Panther
roses existence to Steven Speilberg
being a thing
the man who basically created the
crowd-pleasing popcorn film oh right
right I forgot how to unlock on to
things for a second day running away in
the crowd a little bit thin the crowd
Spielberg's absolutely a game-changer
look look ready player one might be a
steaming piece of shit yeah I don't I
don't know if it transcends its
nostalgia references I don't know I'm
not I'm not making any kind of claims of
that but Spielberg has done some shit
this time okay that that made the change
the place of Hollywood Oh
word up
absolutely like I if anything I feel bad
that Spielberg is directing ready player
one though I do hear good things about
the movie I've heard nothing but crap
about the book I have heard nothing but
bad things about the blog you're
implying that type of film didn't exist
before Spielberg what was the big dumb
summer blockbuster before jaws well and
remember like not not only is a big dumb
summer blockbuster but genre blockbuster
like that's what's feel okay really bad
like that made a shit ton of money
mhm yeah yeah oh really
all those stupid ass B movies of the 50s
oh yeah though those those movies that
made a ton of money those B movies that
made a ton of money yeah I remember
those I remember those all those ones
that you can get on 100 movie DVD packs
now yeah yeah it's right now it's people
people you come on you people what are
you trying for what sort of Oz and Gone
with the Wind
I don't I don't know that they're really
comparable you know what you Wizard of
Oz comes the closest you might have an
argument with Wizard of Oz absolutely
gone with the wind is not a you know I
was blockbuster for its time but it was
at a dumb popcorn film know that that's
a drama that that's a period piece drama
you got you got an argument with Wizard
of Oz though
absolutely
oh crap okay okay okay oh come on that
you should
what
how are you hitting me with that there
how do you like it The Wizard of Oz took
two-and-a-half decades to make money and
that was through TV oh that's an
interesting fact let's see there you go
I did not know that I also did not know
that
then again much like Louie Anderson last
time I'm just reading things here and
I'm green with it and I'm not
fact-checking that at all that could be
incredibly inaccurate you know your
address park is actually a huge flop oh
oh here you go trash Park that was huge
fine oh that says I'm doing you know I'm
not I'm not I'm not looking into that at
all right fuck it I don't care enough
about The Wizard of Oz to look into this
those details of Oz Wizard of Oz rich
you don't care enough about The Wizard
of Oz sorry guys fine does The Wizard of
Oz have cultural relevance outside of
the US I couldn't tell you as I have
lived my entire life in the US
FairPoint rich that's got cultural
relevance here especially if you're gay
oh yeah oh yeah yeah my uncle had The
Wizard of Oz plates well that could just
be your uncle I don't know that's it but
I guess Judy Garland right maybe yeah
maybe your uncle was just a particular
fan
did I ever do the Dead Rising 2 perfect
stream again like I did it once unless
you're counting my first failure and you
didn't know I did it again then in that
case I did this it was a success
this is the second time I tried maybe
they're just asking if you did a perfect
one again which would be silly cuz yeah
you only have to do a perfect one once
yeah damn fire which friend of Dorothy
was code for gay oh it still is was it
true yeah I'm a friend of Dorothy Ida
well probably about 7 years ago now but
my last my last job before red letter
media I work with a guy who referred to
himself as a friend of Dorothy oh ok
well you learn something new damn Ford a
friend of Dorothy
I don't think I got the thing yet that I
can use and I have I have so many blood
echoes this is uh this is you know I've
opened to the passages do I wimp out I'm
gay and I've never heard of that lumbago
ask you a question then do you live in
the u.s. oh that's that's a great
follow-up question rich Evan yeah or is
this strictly a u.s. gay thing I'm told
I'm gonna wimp out I'm gonna wimp out
and I'm gonna go I live in the EU there
you go there you go
mmm I'll take care of these witches
don't want to take care of these witches
I'm gonna ah nope nope I'm getting out
of here I'm limping
I'm limping right out spend my blood
echoes come back and deal with the
witches super wimp that's me
Jack the super wind getting out of here
running away from witches yeah
now that
how interesting I'm like it when we
could discover new things here on the
show like the importance to Wizard of Oz
in gay culture but what what do you like
that's just for scrolling or scrolling
rich what do you do with your guppy
babies I'm scared to give Guppies for
this reason well one you could make sure
you get all males are all females that
will take care of the problem preferably
all males if you get all females
some of them might already be pregnant
ooh that's entirely possible
good point secondly you can just bring
them back to the pet store
maybe when they get a little older and
they'll probably sell them this feeder
fish but you can bring them back but
they won't be your problem okay
strength and maybe a skill what do you
give me yeah you give me more defense
I'll take that and strengthen a skill
but otherwise other than the
reproduction thing Guppies are great
fish the reproduction thing the rabbits
of the sea other than that fine pets
fine addition to your aquarium
I'll just buy some blood vials I'm not
above I'm not above blam buying blood
vials there they're peaceful the they're
active and really those are the two
primary things what do you want people
to let active you want your really
active is more important you want fish
to look no no you don't want you don't
want you don't want it aggressive fish
that's trying to attack all the other
fish you don't want that you really
don't you know it's a fun show is what
I'm saying you want to show you get pets
for this you're gonna Danny oh that's
missing an eye mm-hmm
you don't want aggressive fish you're
just upset because you missed the action
alright let's go beat some witches I I
once I bought this foolish on my part
admittedly foolish I bought a female
betta I take foolishly thinking that
because it was a female that would be
less aggressive about all the males are
the aggressive ones let me go get a
female and she'll be fine
sure sure the next day one of my Guppies
was missing 75% of its tail I had to
bring the hand to bring the betta bag oh
yeah nurse there's my Gumpy back to hell
it's tail is growing back nicely but it
was mauled the animal kingdom don't know
no gender roles man they'll fuck up
someone my way which is I got other
witches to deal with alright let's do
this let's do this that's awful Richard
was awful I felt terrible I felt like an
idiot but I put a little tiny shark in
my fish tank thinking it would all be
fine so do your research and what kind
of fish is get along with each other
well
why is rich wearing a dress I'm not jack
is wearing a dress and you can take that
up with Jack this is what I think is
funny with my character we're so that's
what I'm wearing
literally I'm only doing this because I
think it's funny
a little wrong yeah yeah they will they
love it
yo how much they mag me to wear a goofy
outfit and Dead Rising oh yeah yeah they
got mad at me because I wasn't putting
on dresses well yeah
part of the fun
no no no I think go go
they dwarf says have you seen the new
animated comedy sci-fi series final
space it's kind of shit but also kind of
good you know what I mean yeah we're
we're familiar with the concept kind of
shit kind of good and I'm definitely
with the show right so
I've not tested it out but I've heard of
you come in here with zero inside these
scythe witches don't spawn oh yeah yeah
Oh big whiff this this fight has never
been hard enough for me to feel the need
to nerf it like that uh-huh
but it's interesting that's the thing
you could probably do
chef tika says hello gents Helen hitman
two good three great blood money
fantastic new one very solid
don't bother with one or absolution also
is a hot dog a sandwich PS could you
bring the thank you fart back where did
it go how just quietly uh hotdog is
technically a sin which I think it's
silly to refer to it as such I mean you
may as well call a taco a sandwich uh
you know I think I'd be okay with that -
well I mean you know like yeah these are
technic you know hotdog is a hotdog is a
sandwich obviously I'm gonna say first
sandwich you need to clearly distinct
separated pieces of bread on either side
of the other ingredients a hotdog is one
bun with a slit in it it's not a
sandwich
mmm cereal however is soup yes now we're
talking
cereal is you heard it here first folks
what about an open-faced sandwich rich
heresy that's just that's just heresy
that's also true and then you send them
to the Inquisition and they you know the
person is tortured until they renounce
the open-faced sandwich mm-hmm
that's how that properly works
I'm absolutely okay with this
what about subway subway they were just
too lazy to cut all the way through it's
a lazy sandwich oh fuck oh no I was
doing so well you're not dead yet you're
not dead yet no oh I know I'm definitely
dead definitely did oh I thought I had
that you got it next time yeah
so subway sells hot dogs
well the essential part of a hot dog is
the the sausage the tube-like thing with
me a hot dog is this you know like um
you know we're we humans are a mammal
right we are we are a we are in the
mammal family but we are our own
distinct version of the mammal family
just like a hot dog is in the sandwich
family but on its own branch okay you
would compare it like a hot dog to a to
a hoagie is like a human and a whale to
you know same family different brain
like like a lobster a fly how far
removed how far exactly no Lobster and
flies that's one of the chat said I
think it's probably a bit more AB maybe
a zebra and a horse whoa maybe you know
I think those far as I get you're a fat
a horse ooh there you go that's good I
like that giraffe and a horse
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo hi everyone I beat
you once that's all I care about
I'll fuck you your mama's gong sis's
random question check yeah I know you
have boys that's true
you children if you had a girl what
would you want to name her oh you know
if I ever have a daughter I'll name her
furiosa
ha ha you won't you won't because I
probably your significant other won't
let you but um you know we obviously we
just have something we never had to
really worry about I'm trying to think
of what you know we came up with a bunch
of ID's rich any desire to have kids in
the future no not really honestly I'm
probably getting too old for a little
bit old to start now you know it's it's
one of those things where you have to
think about when your kids get older
yeah and when they're when they actually
start turning fun how old do you want to
be but
yeah Marya
gotcha shazbot you know I'd probably go
something pretty basic
as far as naming girls and like a like
like a Maggie Maggie like Maggie maybe
maybe I do something fun or like Meg
like namer Megan no Leah but caller
Maggie okay
I like Maggie okay that's fairly basic
but yeah I'm okay with that it's
something I have never had to put much
thought into
after you continue the Evans legacy I
had to mercifully let it die what
where you come from where you coming
from
where are you bidi gee shots thank you
for the tip you say doesn't horrible I
just don't feel like reading it great
none of us as I watched the rule
recently and absolutely hated it
yeah okay that's kind of the point of
the room all the funny parts I'd seen on
YouTube and the rest was just boring
nonsense it was an utter waste of time I
recommend to no one know would you
recommend the funny parts get up get up
you dink I don't think the problem is
the room I think the problem is you had
it spoiled for you I think that's the
problem
there you go seeing the room for the
first time is an experience absolutely
as someone who has recently watched the
room I can I can open and watch it with
some people you know you can enjoy it
with yeah fuck oh dang it
gosh dang it no the room is an absolute
experience and like even for me I like
I'm kind of basically aware of the room
oh are you saying
having the story spoiled is important
like it matters no I'm saying having the
joke spoiled yes
having relaxed I didn't enjoy my viewing
of Austin Powers because literally every
joke in the movie was spoiled for me
move-move-move wait there's two witches
get out of here
I thought that was the witch with the
low health it's like kill her as someone
who has kind of been like peripherally
aware of the room yeah I was not
prepared for my first viewing of the
room yeah it's so much weirder than you
think it's going to be like I had seen
the the the scene where he walks into
the pet store yeah hi doggy out of out
of context where it just happens exactly
like and I'm like I watched that scene I
was like oh yeah this is a bad movie
like hi mark you're my favorite customer
hi doggy
that scene I've said like I've seen bits
and pieces but I was still not fully
prepared for how truly weird that the
entire movie is it's it's an alien
experience it's and it's gorgeous you
know I was really lucky I had found a
group of my friends who had not seen who
had also not seen the movie and I got to
enjoy it with you know friends who yeah
also like watching bad movies and who
hadn't seen the room and so I could see
how watching it with a certain crowd
would diminish the effects but oh man
what a what a movie I say you see that
well then I don't think they've done it
at the the Oriental in a while the
theater downtown yeah but last last
couple of times I went there were so
many people it was so loud you it'd be a
terrible place to see the movie for the
first time yes it's one of those like
Rocky Horror Picture Show things where
everyone like you know brings props yeah
and it's kind of a dickhead about it
yeah for tonight please rich Evans know
and don't like multiplayer shooters
but rich this is a multiplayer shooter
that a lot of people are playing I know
this is that probably why I won't like
it does that change your mind at all
no some reason whenever I try to play a
multiplayer shooter I just turned to a
fucking idiot
it happens it's not necessarily your
fault
as Jack later you have played for them I
have played for now I've played for
tonight it's not bad I like in fact
there's a lot of aspects to it that I
enjoy more than pub G I think you know
one of the one of the big selling points
with fortnight is the building component
and it's really interesting I actually
find the tearing down aspect of that a
little more interesting where someone
thinks you know they're in a building
and they're safe and they have cover but
then you can literally just tear down
the wall mm-hmm
and I think that's really cool it's
better than pub G rich Evans well yeah
but I'm I'm sure Final Fantasy 7 is
better than final fantasy 5 I'm not
gonna like either of these things right
so it's interesting yeah and actually
you know now I've been getting a little
time into both pub G and fortnight
mobile because I think they're very
interesting games you can play both
games on your cell phone now for free
Pub G on your cell phone is double
interesting because it's it's populated
with BOTS so you can actually win a game
BOTS yeah on the mobile version no
different is the mobile version I mean
you know I have to measure is bad like
it should be a different game pretty
much right no no it's it's actually
shocking it's shockingly the same how
the fuck does a mobile online shooter
control very poorly they have a misis
and they need a mist
you're not you're not gonna get me but
because it's populated with bots you can
fuck you fuck you you witch
you already got me running away running
away running away running away continent
which continent witches dang it I mean
it controls are horribly because it's
all touch controls right
but because the bots are there it's not
so bad because you can you know because
they're dumb and you can kill them shit
there you are
so it's not bad I had oh do you like
arcade beta mom such as final fight and
Double Dragon
Oh a lot more when I was younger when I
was a kid final fight Double Dragon was
the shiznit I was more of a final fight
fan yeah yeah oh yeah yeah that was the
one where he like you were the burly
mayor right that final fight yes yes and
like you're you're like the mayor but
you're also like a shirtless man and
it's like suspenders like it's so
fucking weird that that Ninja Turtles
game oh yeah turtle game was off the
hook
neighbors watched nostalgia for those
these days oh yeah don't hate them I
guess that's fair no no dink dink dink
dink dink move
is there another witch around here
somewhere I thought I killed one of you
already TNT or TMNT turtles in time I
played bull I probably had more time in
turtles in time just because my comic
book store had an arcade cabinet of it I
probably spent more time with the TMNT
not the turtles in time personally I
don't think I've ever even I probably
seen a stand-up of that at some point in
time turtles in time I think I've only
played that on the Super Nintendo
yeah that's part where I have my time
into it yeah
the one I wanted you to hit right there
yeah I see just got finally I'll you
need to get the one hit I think she's
underneath oh yeah oh yeah no no no no
no I got help like a help I got help I
got help gosh dang it I got help I got
help I got the help she just need one
good swing
you know I know I got to get out of
there first though no you needed to take
it you needed to take it no no oh God
thanks mark plants Martin the smart move
would have been to just take that last
hit get her dead you did Jack alright
it's great nice OHS good evening good
sirs who's reading of Edgar Allan Poe
The Raven do you prefer Christopher
Walken or James Earl Jones James Earl
Jones ed Oquendo says Spielberg recently
said that Netflix doesn't deserve Oscar
nominations because they don't screen
their films and theatres F fuck him
see look look the Oscars need to be hip
with the future and the future is online
streaming yeah it it doesn't and you
know Khan just did this to Khan is no
longer accepting movies from that
whatever and pretentious fuck I'm gonna
both sides it for a second before coming
down hard on one side here uh-huh I get
it we're having your movie in a movie
theater you used to mean a certain level
of prestige yeah it doesn't mean that
anymore and people who make movies for
movie theaters are whiny crybabies about
it yeah get over it if a movie is made
and distributed on YouTube it should it
should have equal playing field and just
about anything then is there gonna be a
line blurred and what's a movie well
feature feature like 40 minute Netflix
exclusive 45 that's not a feature lanxin
well you know I guess the other the
other if we're gonna both sides it the
other side of that is for Oscars
what counts as a movie and right now
their requirements for what counts as an
oscar-worthy movie is already ridiculous
like it needs to screen at least once in
Los Angeles at one specific theater like
yeah like the criteria is already so
fucked and skewed fuck them like I want
to say there's one theater in Los
Angeles that only does like week-long
screenings of specific movies so they
can be Oscar contenders yeah that's it
Spielberg Coulson everything Netflix
does made-for-tv Spielberg as an old man
who is de Stahl shit for the silver
screen yes the future is is streaming
and the the death of the the
theater-going experience eventually you
know it'll still be around I don't think
we're gonna see the death of the
theater-going experience we're just
going to see it severely diminished that
maybe you can still go see a play you
can currently still go see a play and so
I'm going to say you will still be able
to see movies in a movie theater
nope
that being said I yeah it's these are
old these are old babies these are old
babies who want their movies in their
movie theaters which is movie theater F
Ethics in the u.s. really so bad do
people really clap in movies yeah
sometimes they do yeah and you know what
sometimes it's okay I'm okay with people
clapping movies something awesome
happens the one of the joys of going to
see a movie in a movie theater is crowd
reaction and sometimes it can be a very
positive thing I think the big screen TV
I can I can I can make myself some need
yeah or I can even go out and get
something to eat and it's not gonna cost
me like a like a thirty dollar slice of
movie Pizza $15 tub of popcorn right $72
drinks well but by the way you can combo
that so the whole thing only cost 120
hours and a 12 dollar movie that you get
one viewing of you know you can come you
can call me and all an old cry an old
crybaby but there is something about the
movie going experience that that can be
really nice that you know like when when
you go to see a comedy and the entire
crowd laughs with you it is an
experience and I love that when you see
a movie and there's that moment where
like the entire you can't you could hear
the crowd is so silent that you could
hear a pin drop at just the right moment
you can feel that excitement in the air
I love that I love the movie theater
going experience but I also enjoy you
know pausing it so I can go to the
bathroom ain't nothing wrong with that
oh shit dude the dude in here rich
shut-in evans what is wrong with that
nothing you say that like it's a bad
thing there's nothing wrong with wanting
to watch a movie in your house and I'm
not gonna say it's I'm superior to you
because I want to watch a movie up in my
house but I fail to see what is wrong
with that do either of you use movie
pass I don't because I can said I'm
mister I'll wait like I'm watching at
home
ya know I've looked into movie pass and
I'm still very skeptical about movie
pass and so I don't even want to start
with it it like it I I think it was just
on sale recently to where it's only like
seven bucks a month and then you get to
see one free movie a day yeah and I
would really like that but it seems very
skip then you got how many how many
seats you know I mean you got a family
to take with well oh yeah well so it's
more than seven a month well and it
would only yeah that's the thing it
would only work for me going to see a
movie by myself and then if I wanted to
see a movie with the family I'd have to
buy their tickets separately then buy my
ticket with my movie pass and hope that
I'd be able to get our seats together
and yeah it'd be a big old cluster for
movie passes or forget for movie passes
yeah
okay Mort echoes from slaying enemies
that's nice
Johnny gadfly says hey Jack and Rich you
guys crack me up here's some cash for
making me smile thank you
thank you much
great we can fortify oh we can you still
can't beat a good quality theater audio
system for big spectacles that's and
that's Jackson see kara can't stand that
she'll bring earplugs to movies really
yeah interests yeah
too loud yep too loud for and and you
know the the downside of that is some
theaters especially like the older
theaters we have a couple like older art
house theaters here have really shitty
sound system to the point where I don't
even want to go see and I even see a
regular moving there because it's so
damn echoey in the theater that's why
there are her her house do this yes and
you know that's very true I see multiple
people asking me about gargoyles I
haven't responded to it because I don't
have strong feelings towards gargoyles
it was a as a fine cartoon show I was
about to ask the cartoon or the eight
statues and built it I presume the
cartoon okay I like I watched it
famously had a lot of TNG voice actors
but you know shows fun yeah I was fine
there you go hi Joe I thought that was
fine
nice
wait it's the poison effect no to them I
soon talk about Batman the Animated
Series then and how awesome it was
well we've we've done that before any
any updates on I don't know what you're
calling it now Christopher Nolan
Bailey's Bale's Batman Christian Bale's
Batman the Animated Series yeah I've
gotten a couple segments done it's
actually really the the most difficult
part like I was saying before let's
explain what this is so I do a
ridiculous
Christian Bale Batman impression yeah
and rich and I thought it would be
really funny if I over dubbed an entire
episode of batman the animated series
with Christian Bale's Batman voice yeah
and it is it's very funny and so I found
a great episode I have been working on
it so there's two hard things one is
matching the pace of what's the voice
actors name Kevin Conroy okay you cheat
that a bit slow down the animation Norse
I know you got I'm trying to I'm trying
to you know get it as right as possible
do a loop of the mouth cone but that
leads to the second problem which is
replacing all the other noises and so
like if there is score underneath I have
to find that segment of score earlier or
later in the scene and yeah dub it in
get all of the sound effects dub doors
you can you know what you can probably
cheat that I I will bet you there's
Batman the Animated Series soundtrack
there is and even if it's not the same
score they use that episode just find
something just generic Batman the
Animated Series music to put over you
going over but well but see it yeah I
wanna I'm trying to keep as much of the
original audio as possible I know so
it's it's happening just slowly is Jack
they released the whole soundtrack on CD
oh yeah no I have bits of it
I have bits of it for this very project
that's not a more like scooby-doo lol
well Jake Jack's the one that does the
voice oh and my voice well I think I've
discovered it is scooby Doo
yeah it's Scooby Shaggy this is
available but if you get rid of the oh
yeah yeah yeah that Scooby does then it
returns a Batman Superman myself right
so right so it's very similar Scooby Doo
and Batman are very similar they're very
very similar so there is my Scooby and
my Bale's Batman are very very similar
like I said it's just I'm on the back
burner I work on it here and there wait
is he doing it over Bale or over the
animated he's doing Bale over the
animated right I'm replacing the perfect
Kevin Conroy with the ridiculous
Christian Bale and it's you know like
sometimes it's difficult because Kevin
Conroy
is great as Batman and and you know like
the understatement but yes he's perfect
as Batman and you know he's delivering
these like I'm doing um what's the
episode it's the one where he's trying
to like take down the the gangster
rivalry and one of them one of them has
a brother who's a priest
yeah he's you know he's just like trying
to convince him to do the right thing
trying to reform him exactly he's not
trying to beat him up he's trying to
turn him into the good guy yeah yeah and
you know he's giving these Batman
speeches and you know what was the wife
say you
have to have subtitles bells Batman
voice was great and begins nope nope no
no what I've been doing every time and I
forgot to do last time I forgot the bow
tuba don't know you've got a bout of the
dolt
look I hate to break this to you for the
73rd time but Christian Bale is the
worst thing about the Christopher Nolan
Batman movies yes with Batman is the
worst aspect of the Batman films hands
down without a doubt the his his
batmanning
is ridiculous
where do I need to go those bells voice
up to bail or Nolan's decision doesn't
matter they it's what they went with
that's what matters
I I have I have read interviews or heard
interviews where Christian Bale has said
that he wanted to go with a otherworldly
demonic voice like I think it was bales
call worried about he's like you know in
bales head and he's an actor he's a good
actor I like Christian Bale okay okay
good actor but he was getting into and
he's like you know if I was trying to do
a be a creature of the night I would was
I think he chose that voice specifically
they're like you know like no that was
my dark demon voice holy crap does it
not work where do I go now should we uh
slap around hop Oh gene ghoul a little
bit and see if we can beat up some
bagman go for it
but I I believe it was something
Christian and so like it doesn't matter
if it was bales idea and Christopher
Nolan said okay or if it was Nolan's I
being Bale said okay they're they're
both account held accountable he's
trying to disguise his voice but look
I'm not gonna say many nice things about
Batman vs Superman or the Justice League
but then they should have gone that
route oh yeah here he is the voice
changer and technology cuz it's so much
better the digital Batman voice of
Batman vs Superman of the Justice League
is so much better than Christian Bale
barking because Batman is not barking
Batman is not barking the only goal was
to change your voice voice changer yeah
I think that that was a that's a good
way to do it but also you know and
obviously the the animation has a little
to do with it hate hate to bring up the
master here but Kevin Conroy was able to
get two distinct voices with his Batman
and his Bruce Wayne arguably arguably if
you're gonna if you're gonna be a super
nerd about it yeah well they're not so
different that you wouldn't be able to
tell they're the same person but then
you have to realize this takes place in
the same universe with Superman no one
knows that it's Clark Kent who doesn't
change his voice or do anything to
disguise his face and people can't tell
them apart
right so it's fine
I remember you I remember you miss lady
he shakes his head really fast that is
true and that wasn't explanation they
used ones for Superman I don't I'd what
and and in some version of one of DC's
many continuities the explanation for
for Superman not wearing a mask was
every time he heard somebody taking a
picture he would shake his head really
quick so the picture would be blurry
really yes really I think that was that
was like minute it was John bright I
think that's a dumb idea they you know
dumb idea they do that in the flash show
sometimes the CW flash show they have
the flash to move his face so fast that
you can't see and every time they do it
it looks ridiculous and it's dumb uh-huh
yeah there are look every time somebody
tries to take a picture of the Statue
Superman flies in and shakes the statue
really quick technically speaking he's
so fast he could do that
jesus H criminy I need fact-checking for
this I want to say I want to say this is
mentioned in John Burns Man of Steel
miniseries I could be wrong but I kind
of remember them having that explanation
there the head shaking
I know not of this head shaking so I
like I said I know they've done that in
the flash TV show a couple times and
every time they do it I shake my head if
you know what I'm saying mm-hmm you do
because it changes his demeanor rich
well and I guess that that's the real
point is is is whether it's a change in
your cadence a change in your posture
you should be able to as an actor figure
out a way to do that without sounding
like a growling maniac for the person in
the chat who missed it in in at some
point in the comics I want to say mid
80s with John Byrne okay the explanation
for super men keeping his secret
identity was that whenever somebody
tried to take a picture of Superman he
would know they were going to take a
picture with us like super-hearing
and he would shake his head real quick
so the picture would be blurry every
time it is so dumb that I I want it to
be true because it's so dumb man that's
the worst
that's just the worst man I don't think
I was supposed to be here yet I don't
think this area is open to me and these
guys says what if they just stand there
with a camera and wait for him to stop
shaking his head oh no super mad is
super fast and super smart yes super
hearing
so he'd stay still until he heard the
fingers starting to click the button and
then he would shake his head because his
super hearing is so good he can react
faster doesn't matter it just doesn't
matter it's dumb is the only thing
what if they have a really fast shutter
speed Superbad is really fast you can
might beat the flag he can beat the
flash
doing this slightly out of order because
it's relevant to know okay go aimless
Coursera says regarding people
recognizing Superman's face no I'm
pretty sure everybody knows Clark Kent
is Superman they're just too afraid of
him to confront him about it that's
plausible yeah I'm okay that's plausible
that doesn't explain why Lex Luthor
wouldn't go after Mon pop Kent though
you don't want to piss off Superman he's
Lex Luthor right it makes his living
pissing off Superman that's true
anonymous says I read in Wikipedia that
the retcon that the s on Superman's
chest doesn't just stand for Superman
it's a family crest for the house of L
was Marlon Brando's idea in the 78 film
is that true Oh
might be I don't really remember and
it's it's hard like DC and there many
many continuities and the minor
differences between continuities I don't
I don't know I don't know when the
shield wasn't an S and when it was a
hope and and when it was a family crest
I don't know it was one of them hopes
definitely a hope there I remember oh
definitely a hope hello doggy incognito
and says just saw Tomb Raider I was
amazed they somehow found a way to
distill the essence of mediocrity down
to its purest form and injected directly
into my eyeballs Wow Wow
strong words from incognito lens about
the Tomb Raider film that that is all
I've heard about the Tomb Raider film
yes is is like like as mad as you can
get Tomb Raider gets you there as mad as
you want to go hello doggy if you're
gonna do a Tomb Raider movie didn't you
kind of need to go cheese ball cheese
cheese cake and cheesy a little bit yeah
it's got to be a little talking to you
know like if you're gonna do to murder
it's just you make Indiana Jones with a
hot girl bloom and Indiana Jones was
kind of cheesy sometimes do it it's so
easy I don't know why they don't do that
there you are listen to Motorhead says
hey guys I have all the movie critics on
YouTube
I find myself agreeing with you most are
there any other YouTube critics you
watch III I've enjoyed that scene I've
enjoyed a little bit of Jim sterling
yeah yeah it's seeing Jim or good film
critics no it's not like there's
anything I well well wait wait one made
major exception I almost watch none
except for uh occasionally Midnight's
edge okay I don't know that they they do
stuff oh they do they like to do large
breakdowns after the fact like his fan
for Fantastic Four what went wrong I'm
sure is the story and here's what we
think but down behind the scenes let's
lesson review and more of a deaf like a
Hollywood Reporter okay
yeah there's a few I watch there's
there's a channel called like that I
guess they do similar things there's one
called pop-culture detective that more
just goes like random thought essays
with movie you know involved with movies
every frame of the painting who no
longer makes videos unfortunately what's
is a foldable human that does really fun
breakdowns here's an amazing video on on
Suicide Squad the editing of Suicide
Squad and just like everything that
could you could possibly mistake with
Suicide Squad Lindsey Ellis III watch I
guess I don't watch any like current
movie review shows i watch like like you
said people who take movies and then
break them down after the fans yeah
there's a ton of them not having said
that yeah and but I like Midnight's edge
I haven't I haven't watched Midnight's
edge in a while and I don't know how
they're doing now that they don't have
the Sony lead to work off of anymore
the Sony they did a lot with stuff Sony
in the Sony League behind the scenes is
what happened according to leaks oh okay
I got you I made a grave mistake my last
time and now I've lost so many blood
echoes that was a bag man at the end man
at the end of this and I thought it was
just a regular dude so I went in all
willy-nilly but now that I know it's a
bag man I can handle the situation
I you and another piggy comes over here
hello Peggy Ben let's head just not so
good now
like I kind of thought that might be the
case we got a lot of mileage and but to
be fair I haven't I haven't watched
something they've done in a while now
sure that's that's just cause a lot of
my YouTube watching is fairly sporadic
sure
how do I get him fuck okay okay okay
think he's got my blood it goes to
you're facing a noise I might be able to
might be able to surprise him here which
Lex Luthor refuses to believe Clark and
Superman are the same person
that's you know that's not a bad thing
that's a fun little twist Lex Luthor Lex
Luthor would have trouble believing that
somebody with the powers and abilities
of Superman would be content as a farm
boy newspaper reporter yep
that's just a fun bit of
characterization for Lex Luthor his Lex
Luthor has all the tools at his disposal
but his ego gets in the way
yeah impossible I refuse to believe that
so many blood echoes
that's from John Byrne not the head sure
whatever I never said everything John
Byrne did with Superman was terrible I
never said that just the face shaking
thing is just comical the face shakin
thing is dumb but John Byrne as much as
I hate things he's done in the past he
is the one who kind of brought
Superman's parents back to the forefront
oh yeah yeah oh then he's good people
he's good people III really that's
that's that's my favorite he highlighted
the farm boy yeah yeah he gave him
parents to go home to made Superman nice
and relatable he just went home mom pie
flew there from metropolis every now and
then to have dinner with his family you
know like like a normal person would do
that kind of thing there right right
there that just makes Superman warm and
likeable jump out at me and I never know
how you pronounce his name it's B why
are any birth ayran or burner a yearns
yeah I believe that's burn it's burned
that's how I would pronounce it so
obviously I'm absolutely incorrect
they're just my brain always just wants
to drop out the why entirely and call
him Brian Brian might wants to put the
why after the are well sure sees that
name where there's really no bag man
over here that's gonna jump out at me
other side for the street oh yeah I got
that one hard yeah you're fine over here
there's some behind the church you know
there's there's one by the the tinnitus
yeah I got tournement I do zoos yeah I
got all the madman's knowledge I could
wand yeah he's getting good now is this
really the next boss what the next boss
the this guy no you're gonna go through
the snake yeah I know I I don't know how
to get to the snake for us at the moment
you I can tell you where to go I mean I
want to where am i oh here this is my
room I just got some new outfits so I'm
welcome yeah I mean doll skirts still
pretty good I could I could buff up my
my outfit a little bit I think I got a
better helmet though black hooded iron
helm gives me better bass defense that
could be me how his current will be
Clark Kent going to explain his
resurrection um nobody gives you shit
that's exactly right
oh yeah look at that that's a great
outfit no one gives a shit and and it's
it's not gonna be brought up in the next
movie if there is a next movie as Jack
beat dark beast pearl I believe he has I
have I have beat the dark beast puddle
all whooped his ass with my hammer he
was he was no trouble for me whatsoever
ask them about that before which didn't
seem too fond of event horizon I my
thoughts on the event horizon is it's
it's actually a fine doom ripoff I
remember to bring more
jump-scares than I like the natural
horror that you know that was a good
doom prequel is event horizon yeah
that's the setup for a doom yeah the vet
horizon is a great doom prequel that's
fine yeah this is all I can do here oh
wait okay why can't I open those doors
yet I don't think I excuse me I don't
think I can
better than the actual doom movie oh I I
never even saw the actual do movie with
Dwayne the rock Johnson because a you
could you could tell they didn't get it
though the the the first-person section
is very rather funny that's cute
but I don't think that would even be a
like other than just being a reference
haha doom was the first person game on
how they're doing the first person
that's cute yeah does it actually make
for a good sequence of the film no okay
then I can go fuck off the key the key
ingredient of well the key ingredients
of doom yeah low marine that's that you
know what low marine and demons from
hell
and some kind of Spacey environment hmm
but demons from hell not mutant virus--
things or aliens no demons from hell
it's the juk what makes two interesting
is the juxtaposition of science fiction
and old-timey Christian horror Satan's
gonna get you yeah like how you
futuristic scientific society hell is
real and it's coming to get you because
your science has opened up a doorway to
biblical help
that is metal as fuck that is absolutely
metal as fuck I'm with you I can be with
you a hundred percent on this rich
there's a lot of things that we can
disagree on but the metalness of doom is
not one of them no idea what you're
talking about with doom bridge isn't
necessarily lone Marine the gay but
fucking co-op like go fuck yourself you
ain't all the son of a bitch guys
co-op plate look at these really really
rich did you ever notice this what the
little slug statues look it's a little
slow boring slug statues just hidden in
plain sight oh by the way I don't mean
to take away I don't mean anything away
how much of a dickhead that person is
whoever robot I'm on being the dick to
go fuck themselves
well I'm admittedly being the dickhead
but just such a anal comment the game
had co-op how many people played doom
co-op oh right original doom yeah but
besides the developers
nope nope nope
actually rich it was pedantic okay I'll
take pedantic I'm not gonna get me which
dear oh oh that's right you only give
pebbles I love those riches they can
murti with one grab and then they only
give you a pebble all right great
all right I think I got enough I think
I'm good I gotta go find those woods now
remember damn woods are are they on the
other side of the invisible I'm on ghoul
and for the person who made that the
dummkopf don't go fuck yourself I mean
unless that's what you're into we don't
know but don't take that insult too
seriously that's what I'm getting at I
don't actually hate you
I just really enjoy saying go fuck
yourself I've talked about this before
haven't I
what go fuck yourself no you I don't
know if you've ever given an explanation
as to why you enjoy a phrase go fuck you
go fuck yourself is the single most
satisfying sentence in the English
language
okay please elaborate every time you say
it it's just a catharsis well you you
you you you hit that point where you're
fed up with somebody else's shit and you
just let go go fuck yourself
I'm done I'm out of this I'm done go
fuck yourself better go fuck yourself is
saying go fuck yourself is better than
saying I love you it feels better
wow that's quite that's quite a big deal
there the hammer charged are to attack
has an art to follow up that sends
enemies flying good to know thank you
okay I gotta get at least one strength
out of vitality and you're saying 24
endurance is as high as I as a as a per
as a skilled person usually goes yeah
this is what you do I mean you do it you
do it matter this is just what I've read
you try no matter what I'm just I'm
going like full-blown strength we're
reading somebody saying the benefits
aren't worth it after 20 you don't need
that much endurance and your benefits
from poison immunity go way down after
20 okay I'm okay with them yeah I should
put more into scale anyway
farewell good hunter may you find your
worth in the waking world okay give her
a little little bow
Thank You doll okay so after charge are
to do an hour - oh yeah that that looks
great just every last bit of my stamina
though well you keep getting stamina
regularly up to 40 I think
well the argument I've heard was you
don't you don't need that much it is
my money's plenty the argument is
diminishing returns like why spend those
blood echoes when you're not really
gonna use them Yeah right which you know
which is fair might it might be the case
I'm not gonna that's that's really it's
just an excuse to let me buy some more
strength actually I've heard if for for
PvP purposes yeah there's some people
who just don't level endurance at all
they keep it at the base so they can
shove all of their points into other
things really interests
very interesting I guess we'll keep the
saw spear
we're gonna store just gonna store
everything I don't even know I'm gonna
keep a pistol because I might want my
pistol now we only have the hammer I've
only used the hammer I've always kept
like the the the saw spear as a backup
like now if I get in that really tough
fight I'm gonna want that sauce beer but
like I've never used it why why even use
it I'm still gonna keep my she get for
selling it I know I didn't sell just oh
oh I just don't I guess I could sell it
but I just stored it I guess I could
sell all my other weapons if I'm not
gonna use them right sure that give me
extra points for upgrades wait oh you
mean just sell them never know keeping a
pistol just cuz my mom did that pistol
yeah all right let's see if I can find
the rich yes with the woods are they on
the other side of the invisible thing
they're kind of somewhere up in the the
big castle area near Amelia that big
courtyard with the big guys there's a
path you go through and there I believe
that leads to the door that you need the
password for the password you got from
beating Amelia that's right that's right
oh the church passed the AI yeah yeah
yeah um where was that where was it oh I
remember I remember that was if we start
at some drum Amelia it's pretty close er
starting from current Cathedral where
you beat Amelia that's right in the area
it's downstairs from there oh yeah I
guess both are probably I could go
through the ward - you could I don't
know that I'm thinking about it's pretty
not that big a difference if I go if I
start from Amelia though I can take out
those wooden block guys pretty easy so
as you wish let's go to the grand
Cathedral in
saying go fuck yourself feels better
than saying I love you fuck you know
what go fuck yourself okay everybody
here's my argument for this I'm with you
when you love somebody you say I love
you a lot that's true how often do you
get to really genuinely tell someone
you're sick of go fuck yourself it's how
often does that happen
so I told Karen I love you multiple
times a day and it's great it's great
but how often do you get to just tell
someone go it's fuck it's like saying I
love you for the first time yes yes by
the way I fully accept this argument
this is this is fantastic I'm with you
100% it has the emotional resonance of
telling someone you love them for the
first time go fuck yourself
hey there big guy
Suns getting real low blood-borne I know
do club is very important to you
don't take my go fuck yourself too
seriously it was pretty it was pretty
damn anal man that's all I'm saying
that's all I'm saying
guy
ergh that arts it's talking about cinema
have you seen any good new movies from
the past six months I've always given up
on Hollywood at this point I don't need
Superman 9 or whatever awesome thanks
for best of the worst oh really
Lady Bird how long ago was spider-man
homecoming yeah we're close I'm probably
more than six months it was a good
summer last summer
yeah I saw Lady Bird recently and I will
put that right up there with Iron Man 3
as a goddamn perfect movie
Lady Bird is is a you know coming-of-age
teen drama yep and I have never seen a
movie that more perfectly encapsulates
that time when you are a teenager just
at the verge of becoming an adult like
that that like unawareness of being a
teenager verging burgeoning on the
responsibilities of being an adult I've
never seen a movie nail it as much as
Lady Bird it is god damn perfect what
about Anne I know I know I want to see
that I very rarely go to the movies I
really want to see it usually when I go
to the movies it's for work but usually
there's some exceptions
do you know what fuck it I can take you
guys do hey last Jedi have made me quit
Star Wars made me realize what a
misdirection the new trilogy was with
returning to rebels vs Empire what else
do you do it's Star Wars what else you
do with it seriously like I have no idea
what you do with Star Wars it's not
rebels versus the Empire I wouldn't be
making these movies though yeah was over
here but you got to remember that
there's the brain sucker
hey brain no no no you're not the brain
sucker you're a crow god dammit god
dammit no no no you're not gonna suck my
brain brain sucker get out of here yeah
fuck it brain ii someone else brain I
really like the last jet I didn't say it
was horrible good good reset the
blessing of the prequels is no matter
what Star Wars does no better than the
prequels right no matter what they do
rogue one better than prequels oh hello
friend
is that a challenge oh look if Star Wars
wants to go and make something worse
than the prequels I'm game
do it do it give it back to Georgia
there's something I want to tell you a
bit of wisdom from the eminent master
Luke arias once a scholar betrayed his
fellow was at Bourbon wife Beth in

[Part II]
back with him to cainhurst castle it was
there that the first of the inhuman
vilebloods was born the vilebloods are
fiendish creatures killing him gives you
the best big dumb weapons oh the wagon
wheel
what's the wagon oh if I use just a big
fucking wagon wheel it's really just a
big fucking wagon wheel oh yeah yeah
it's literally a giant fucking wagon
wheel on your arm it's just a wheel it's
just a big fat wheel and it's comically
big I would like that but I'm doing a
hammer run next to the next run I'll
kill jack once you see the wheel you
might change your mind
maybe I'll get it later which is looking
up this wheel to see if I should kill
this dude what's it called chap what's
the actual name cuz I'm just gonna call
it the wagon wheel
I mean we're kind of doing a hammer run
this time and I have my hammer all all
leveled up and everything just it's a
real it's an you shove it people's face
you know I guess when you said wagon
wheel I don't know what I was picturing
I'm not but that sure is just a big ol
wagon wheel maybe next runned all right
I'm doing it I'm doing all right I'm
doing a hammer run though that is very
funny if I kill if you kill him earlier
can you get that like in your first
meeting it possibly cuz that might be
I've never tried to kill him early I
assume you get it I guess I get his bed
I've never killed him like I you know I
do the cainhurst thing with him
this is this is Jack's playthrough I
can't tell him what to do he doesn't
want to kill the guy he wants to do the
quest well it's uh I I don't care you
know this this playthrough I don't you
don't care I don't care about the quest
so much as I as I care about like I've
made a dumb rule in my head that I'm
doing a hammer only run and that's just
like the rule in my head and so I'd like
what if you kill him yeah I don't have
to use it you don't have to use it but
you kill him you get the badge you go to
the hunters dream just buy it and you
run around a hunter's dream with it okay
you're gonna feel see there we go now
you're talking
now you're talking good I feel for the
wheel yeah and our movement has a slogan
no feel for the wheel
pretty good with that hammer jack I got
a whole hammer thing happening here dick
I always forget that like when the
hunters and beasts heal themselves it's
like hey you're not supposed to be able
to heal yourself oh he did it he did the
move oh I was so close to have a full
charge I got greedy there is this a
mini-boss no this is a betrayal
technically yeah stamina stamina
my god oh my god but let's go let's just
go examine the wheel I think there's
there's a lantern down there coming up
let's go look at the big dumb wheel you
do have me intrigued that it is actually
just a wheel just a big wheels I I you
know there there's that weapon in the in
the DLC that's like the saw blade right
it kind of looks like a wheel but it
comes on a stick and it's like a saw
blade but what you've shown me is
literally just a wheel so now I have air
at least the chat needs to see this true
blue review and this is a question for
your jacket okay so hey guys I want to
get more video editing editing
experience okay I was wondering what
would be good practice I've been editing
down other channel streams to 15 minute
videos anything else you'd recommend
well it all depends on what you want to
edit you know like just learning the
software I think that's great you know
taking two hours and trying to find the
good 15 minutes that'll get you data you
know learn the shortcuts learn you know
the export procedures learn all that but
if you want to get into actually editing
scenes together you need that raw
footage you know you need the wide shot
the the close-up to close up the
exterior shot resources online you can
just find raw footage there there is
there's like stock websites that will
give you a bunch of stock footage for
free yeah you can just play around with
but kind of the best thing to do is
shoot shoot your stuff shoot your own
stuff okay and you know whether whether
you know you just shoot a simple scene
with yourself and your cell phone like -
that'll just help you learn pacing like
write yourself a little scene like you
know a man walks into his house sits
down at the table and eats a bowl of
cereal
just you know just to kind of teach you
the pacing of how a scene works assuming
that you want to edit scenes you know
like it all depends on what you want to
make oh look at that pile of bones I
love this game there's just a pile of
bones all right what surprises do we
have waiting for us here in the
forbidden woods mix iam 1:20 says hey
guys since you're a replaying
blood-borne yeah any chance of replaying
Dark Souls 3 I know you don't prefer the
medieval setting but Dark Souls 3 adds a
ton of the charisma from blood-borne
thanks guys
I never said I wasn't going to touch it
again I'm like at some point I don't
know when I might just go through the
whole Soul series that's you know that's
what I'm thinking after after I get
through Dark Souls remastered I could
see that as a real possibility is going
through the whole Soul series but I I
know it didn't land for me no none of
the Dark Souls really landed for me
after blood-borne but I might feel very
differently after where's the lantern is
it over here yeah it's over here after I
play through Dark Souls 1 which I'm
waiting for the switch version 4 that's
fire
and I'm only waiting for the switch
version four because I can see myself
wanting to play that mobili here we go
here we go
Alzheimer penguin says hey rich jackals
hi murmured penguin yep Jack the
two-handed hammered charged art to
attack has an art to follow up that
sends certain enemies flying yeah we
were doing that earlier like this one
this and then we have full so this in to
move oh god that looks awesome that's
actually probably a good excuse to up my
stamina though just to get that little
bit out okay
to uh to properly utilize that did I
come from here is are there more snakes
over here what's over this away I don't
think I want to go over here I just want
to go by that wheel I can take control
that's a that's an axe troll deed
McCarthy says do you guys hear they're
patching the Star Trek bridge commander
game to no longer require VR I'd be
smart of them also Hugo from the bottle
reloaded saw you name dropped them and
desperately wants to do a video with you
I'm gonna be shy regarding that rich
rich Evans represents red letter media
as a whole I'm the mascot I can't it
just can't no comment
doo-doo-doo-doo okay that was all that
was over there all right now I probably
have more than enough to buy the wheel
so let's go back to the hunters dream
and buy ourselves a wheel and see what
it does
rich my friends did something horrible
we watched to catch a Yeti
why why why would you do such a thing
all right let's see how much a big dim
look at this thing
yeah yeah it's just a wheel I don't have
the the archein oh no I need one more
arcane that's worth it well I see the
wheel I wanna see I'm gonna sell I'm
gonna get all my weapons back and I'm
gonna sell my weapons didn't I put all
my weapons in storage do you have any uh
blood gems five million bugs am i mean
at the what are they calling the blood
the things you crush and get echoes from
oh I might have some of those wait I put
all of my weapons in storage
did you accidentally sell them today
oh there we go I was looking in my
inventory not in storage I can get that
much for them I'll be something I might
have some some thingies okay okay and if
not I'll just go farm real quick all
right don't need the saw cleaver get out
of here don't need the sauce beer don't
need the rifle spear don't need a ton
night to Russ to nitrous that'll do me
I'll get me enough that'll be enough for
one more RKO let's see if I have any
nope I have a tear stone don't have to
crush the tear stone yeah it's in there
okay we need one more arcane boom joy
Conway says hi rich and Jack
we are watching all the way out in
Hamilton Ontario and want to apologize
for Geritol follies but we never know
what existed until you guys reviewed it
sending love from Canada right happy
Canada all right and would you look at
this you just hit people with a big dumb
wheel I know it's got you written all
over it you will love the wheel how did
I not know this existed what is it Oh
what is that it's just you know it's a
spinning big dumb wheel I think what is
that what does this it spins yeah but
why is it red what's happening I don't
know that's got a glow power one I think
you need to amend your hammer a little
just make it big dumb run think I'm okay
with that this is this is the most
ridiculous level wait someone explain to
me what the red does please because I'm
so confused what was the mood move said
slightly different when it's red well
yeah then then it turns that's
two-handed mode when it's red but I
don't know why it's glowing red it
probably says in the description is
there no kind of description page for it
someone's just saying arcane damage what
is that I don't know what the in
universe thing is but the damage you get
from your arcane stat what does that
mean it increases the arcane scaling and
reduces the strength scaling Oh
so you probably won't be using it no not
that you don't want you don't want to
fortify a shit out of that what god yeah
now you used all I like I have the
haunted wheel mode slowly hurts you but
also greatly increases damage based on
your arcane level okay look keep hitting
it was it keep hitting l2 when
transformed
okay all done I'm familiar with the will
I never played around with that much oh
that brings your help down but but
that's good yeah okay well yeah I'll
never be using that like look at this
it's a wheel
I gotta get my gun back out now well I'm
gonna I'm gonna farm for some shit here
and practice with my wheel I gotta I
gotta do some wheel practice l missed
whip and I love it
blood-borne can get away with this
somehow they say I don't know give him a
wheel it's almost like a wheel yeah just
a wheel with a handle on it yes just a
wheel oh look it has a he's got a little
handle I'm disappointed I really thought
he was just holding the inside of the
rim let's see what this bad boy does
that's pretty good link I mean it also
helps that I'm you know I've scaled
incredible for strength they say if you
level up your arcane the the evil wheel
mode is devastated sure sure I'm on a
strength run though yeah Jags been he's
been specking strength so for my for my
big dumb hammer mode that's not bad
charged
huh was that charge no this is our one
Oh huh that's good
that's decent you know killing that dude
not such a bad idea
I didn't care about that dude anyway Oh
more totem in the shadow says a wheel
double wheel a wheel the wheel double
wheel
nice nice not a weirdo man that's some
fine punny goodbye
come up
denk chain says hello rich comics have
never quite clipped I've like the
classic graphic novels Watchmen Dark
Knight Rises etc but nothing further
what am I missing
what do you get out of them I haven't
been into a comic book store in a decade
so I'm gonna say nothing if I could if I
could pitch for the entirety of the
comics industry yeah
it's its story and art like that's it
it's it's it's it's the what do you call
that and when you're planning out a
movie its storyboards for movies it's
just dynamic art and interesting stories
that's great I mean it's no big hammer
but it's great madam says do you guys
like Freddy got fingered as much as
Susan and Mike I've honestly I've never
seen it I also have never seen it
I have never seen it I was even unaware
that Mike and J liked it so much MC
Lucas's you should grab the gold our
deal helmet that the badge unlocks to
then try sliding down a ladder you're
welcome do you hit your head I have no
idea I would imagine that's a thing
probably I'm gonna Majan it sparks or it
goes nope Wow excuse you how do you like
it how do you like it he just hit you
it's a big dumb thing yeah alright now
we got some potions now I'm a little
more used to this big dumb wheel I'll be
honest I don't know if I like it as much
as my hammer that's fine but everyone's
got everyone's having fun watching you
play around with the big dumb wheel well
we'll take the wheel into the forest I
always have my hammer yeah but we'll
take the wheel into the forest
it's I I guess you know like like I said
last time I followed that that other guy
threw his cane her storyline where he
you know he wants you to kill the Queen
yeah of cainhurst castle but you do
eventually get his badge for that yeah
way at the end sure sure but and then
you are warned you weren't looking for I
wasn't looking for a new weapon at that
point yeah your character is a shirtless
man carrying a giant wheel what a
beautiful video game in a dress
shirtless man in a flowy dress carrying
a giant wheel as a weapon technically
you're not wearing a dress you're
wearing a skirt that's true I'm wearing
a sucker dresses the full outfit rich as
usual is correct as usual correct
asshole that's all we can ask for to the
woods I prefer a pantless man myself
that doesn't have the same effect that's
you know then you're nude and that's a
whole different thing I just want to be
shirtless
all right here we go first one to die
hi blue skidoo' says just saw I love
dogs
free cute and just gorgeous to look at
are either of you fans of Wes Anderson
if so any favorites of his ultimately
any favorites for 2018 films keep up the
good work I haven't seen many films this
year but a bit out of touch him a bit
behind how do you feel about Wes
Anderson I was with them for a while
yep you know Bottlerocket comes out and
you go ooh this guy's got something
going for him then Rushmore hits like a
bomb and that style huh be careful
because in film terms bomb oh you're
right no like a broken leg I hits like a
it was it was a unique style once once
he hit Rushmore and then life aquatic -
was that him yeah but before before that
it really like fell into place I feel
like for the Royal Tenenbaums
I haven't seen them how beautiful
in fact I like to the Royal Tenenbaums
so much I haven't seen a Wes Anderson
movie since that's that's silly I know I
know it's very silly but what happened
was I kept seeing the previews for his
movies and in my head I go oh I get it
like he's it's just he found his style
yeah and now I'm sure the stories are
great I'm sure it's all beautiful but to
me it all looks the same
okay so I no longer have any interest to
see his movies okay I'm sure they're
beautiful although I did see the first
half of the fantastic mr. Fox which I
hated wholeheartedly
I hated it so much I stopped watching it
hey that was his other stop-motion okay
animated movie okay despite I hated
fantastic mr. Fox like really I was so
bored but now I mean you know I I like a
lot of I like I like the movies that
I've seen and then I didn't see any more
the off switch says I agree with about
how satisfying telling somebody to go
fuck yourself is I'm normally fairly
well-spoken but it lets me really break
out my Scottish accent sir rich gay fuck
yourself yeah ah to have an accent to
really accentuate those cusses who's got
the gun hi
Oh
davin ego two accents
I'm terrible at them all and all acts
pretty much all accents sometimes I'll
try Russian let's go
yellow I'm from Soviet Russia right go
fuck yourself
it's fucked but it's absolutely terrible
you're Russian yeah every accent I've
ever done it's uh it's a caricature you
know it's fine I think your Russian is
fine
do-do-do-do-do-do-do whenever i try to
do an accent it I'll fall out of it
sooner literally just just go away when
I'm in mid-sentence oh sure that's
normal Wow my Jersey accent you mean my
hey you crazy
we gotta okay installed these him
microwave ovens in that house over there
my microwave ovens custom kitchen
delivery AOE gotta goon
okay then the TV that's the way to do it
you play the guitar on the MTV you move
in refrigerators money for nuttin and I
always thought it was sex for free
because women throw themselves at rock
stars I guess it's supposed to be checks
for free checks I always thought it was
chicks I thought so too but I've been
corrected once I'm not sure who's right
how do these chicks for free make any
sense you make money for doing nothing
money for nothing checks for free that
for some reason that sounds like is it
officially chicks for free and the
person who corrected me was wrong
wait can we look this up checks for free
does not sound right even a little bit
its chicks for free officially yes okay
that I that I believe I want to believe
that like a spring co2 is the North
Atlantic accent though I don't know that
I'm good at it but I do it all the time
hey up there look you mister boy we've
got the we've got a show on the TV end
Oh tiny newspaper reporter voice that's
a good voice I gotta go get the scoop
good good that's it I think you do that
fine
that's a fine accent there wrench that's
probably the one I fall into the the
most frequently mm-hmm just silly enough
to be silly but you can still understand
what you're saying
all right
well I take the path first and then I go
follow the I follow the
the flowers right so I want to take the
path first what's in the path again
shit
I like the done Wilson accent personal
that's not an accent that's a character
do the difference yes there is a
difference
ah curmudgeonly old man that's just me
Wilson and beverage related well Don has
gone under many names in the past we've
established that his name seems to
change based on whim right
yeah yeah so I thought that's what I
thought when I come from now jack is
used to using the hammer I am and my
hammer is more built up and while the
wheel is fun I feel like the hammer is a
little more versatile the wheel is
interesting in that it is a goddamn
wheel look at this thing it's a wheel
but I'm used to the hammer I've been
playing with the hammer that was my
original intent with this run and is
what I've by Jack but we've we've looked
at the wheel the wheel is funny and now
we are back to hammer time bad good
stuff says I hated blood-borne when it
first came out but gave it another try
after last remote now I finally get it
thanks I'm also trying horizon zero dawn
again any chance of playing the horizon
zero dawn DLC I know when when I
streamed the DLC I spent the first like
so you did stream it thighs than done
I wash it I spent the first I want to
say like two hours of the stream just
getting to the DLC okay it kind of kind
of like like react lamenting myself with
the controls and then like I finally got
to do you see I probably only spent like
an hour so I streamed it a little i
streamed it a little bit
oh yeah that area okay look II the ops
which says also I know you're mocking
the wheel but Google breaking on the
wheel it is one of the worst way to be
executed pretty cool Easter Egg from the
developers oh okay you there second I
thought it's something but Google like
like Google's breaking the wheel like
this is a product I was confused but no
this is the thing apparently this is a
torture thing they've been Google
breaking on the wheel oh so like the
wheel is based off of a torture device
okay okay is what it sounds like to me
okay it's still very listen Kevin method
really look at it it's still very silly
that you just hit people with a big
wheel bronze bowls pretty bad for
execution the bronze bull bronze Bowl
okay
bronze Bowl literally a hollowed-out
bronze bull they would shove somebody
inside the bowl a bowl a bul-bul it was
a bronze statue of a bull that was
hollow they would they would shrimp
somebody in there light a fire under it
and then it would be like the screams
coming out of the Bulls mouth like the
bull making a call that was an execution
method oh that's that's horrible yes yes
that's genuinely horrible I know you're
alive brazen bull not bronze bull
whatever it's called it's bull that you
light a fire under with somebody inside
the bull when steam shot of the Bulls
nose
you knew the dude inside was cooked yeah
I think that was an aspect of it too how
horrid look back before back before
people had Netflix they were pretty
bored and they found some really really
horrific ways to entertain themselves
back before Netflix execution used to be
a method of public entertainment how
horrible the guy screams would go
through the bull's horns sounding like a
bull yeah I remember that part didn't
the guy who built it didn't they throw
him like the first person they threw
when there was him just to test it
gotcha so the Bulls for my you know
throw them in I mean someone's got to
test it out we don't want you building
this for our enemies by a book this has
got to be pretty sick throw men by the
way that's fair fair enough
or dead now
oh it's a fire the story is the king was
so disgusted by the invention and that
is why he executed the inventor ah that
does it but you can't do that then this
thing this thing I commissioned you to
build the building isn't really sick
we're throwing you in it but but if
you're throwing me if that means you
like it wait there's a fault to your
logic no you can't use it if you're
sickened by it
as great inventor didn't presented it to
the king that's not as funny look what
comedians here alright we try we're
trying to make this a joke because we're
trying to make uh some jokes uh uh you
know I also I also I also just like that
the idea that this person yeah in His
infinite wisdom it's like uh I have a
hobby I tinker with torture devices and
I am so proud of this one I'm going to
you know show my kid I got the thing for
you
like how many people did he have to talk
to to get up to the Kings like he starts
with like the chambermaid like hey look
at my inventions like oh I can talk to
someone
yeah I think you know what I think it's
kind of a grapevine thing you just talk
to one person yeah word gets around
quick that this is it this is weird Oh
outside or the bronze bowl that you you
you you cook people in but what I'm
saying is there had to there has to be
like there were some levels he had to
get through I'm sure in order to get to
the king right like some other people
had to say yes the king would like to
see this I think you just show up at the
door I mean you tell the guy at the door
I got this bronze bowl that you put
people in and then you cook the people
under the wing over the fire under the
bowl and then it makes sound like the
Bulls making a noise and then steam
comes out the mouth when he's dead I
think I think that word if they just go
straight to the king like this guy that
hey King
this guy's got bullets I think I think
this goes fairly quickly
alright what the fuck he's got a what
he's got a where he's got to know about
that and it's a Larry and he's not
presenting it to different people the
word of mouth spreads on its own until
it gets to the king sure sure but then
like then you have the utter hypocrisy
of the King saying that what a horrible
thing you've invented let's use it it's
good to be okay it's good
utter hypocrisy clothes clothes initial
reaction have had wait a minute bull mil
laughter's sure so I'm sorry I'm gonna
get pedantic on you that's fair okay I
have the tonsil stone now now when the
thing grabs me it takes me to the that
was the whole purpose
you have to do this dogs cuz you come
out later if I don't do this dr. smoke
trees is saying in the chat
it wasn't an execution but in Japan a
scientist received a lethal dose of
radiation and they wouldn't let him die
they did everything they could to keep
him alive for over a month just to study
the effects of radiation poisoning look
up in the same vein look up the demon
core the demon core that's a thing that
happened in science it was a yes you've
a chunk of was a ring it was a chunk of
some kind of highly radioactive material
that through various accidents just
happened to kill like ten people or
seven people where well didn't kill some
of them just got cancer later on in life
but they lasted for a while but there's
there's an infamous chunk of plutonium
out there there was a scientist he was
showing off they had like a Geiger
counter and they usually they I think
they're supposed to use these machines
like lower and slowly yeah
but he's he was being a show-off and he
was just like instead of using the
proper equipment he had some friends he
was just doing it with a screwdriver
look look how close I can get before the
lethal radiation reaction happens with
these two things touching and he fucked
up he slipped caused a horrible accident
shout out a bunch of radiation and this
guy had to know he got a lethal dose of
radiation but he was a scientist that he
had the presence of mind to like just
start writing things down like where's
everybody standing we're gonna mark this
down close the proximity and this is the
amount of radiation you got and what a
fuckup
I want to do that wait what a fuckup the
demon core was a piece of plutonium okay
and then there was an entirely different
accident where it killed other people
it's kind of like the the chunk of
radiation equivalent of Christine the
killer car look why was waiting for it
not to be the killer car Christine you
know what sort of scientific thing is
Christine oh no it's the Stephen King
movie I'm not I'm not talking about a
movie I'm talking about something in
real life this chunk of plutonium killed
enough people that they gave it a
nickname the demon corn
but this is this is all real life this
is not movie the demon core is not but
Christine is Christina's yes it only
killed two people I think did a number
of those people get cancer like you know
decades later or you get cancer and
still counts it's probably linked No
and and the the interesting thing is
it's see two peoples one thing but it's
just two different unrelated accidents
demon no I came from that way there were
two demon core events had killed eight
in the second one okay
I saw you I saw you out of the corner of
my eye you dink getcha getcha getcha
getcha getcha now you come on come here
bap bap how the hell do you figure all
these quests and hidden shit
I played fifteen hours now and all I've
been doing is punching monsters with
leveled up starter weapon that's where
you start and then you talk to people
and then you attempt something and then
you see someone online do something you
go how do they do that in in the age of
the internet yeah you can afford to have
some obscure shit yeah you can afford
that because people are just gonna the
information is gonna find its way out
there anyway yeah no but you know what
it just going through this game you talk
to enough people you start figuring shit
out and then if they're if you know if
you see another hunter with them with a
neat weapon you go what is that weapon
yeah you look it up online you you
figure out how they got it nothing wrong
with that people in the chat are upset
that the demon cord did not fit all of
it
later upset because it didn't did you're
saying it didn't kill ate the second
event well you know what maybe if it had
an assault rifle
rich people got so mad at us for you
like that on our own says guys can I get
your best skateboard kid joke kitty
uh-oh one says hey guys last stream I
tipped a joke that someone said earlier
in the stream how do I get through the
shame of being second to a joke how do I
live with this humiliation I don't know
what time n your I don't know how you
live with something like that they
tipped a joke that somebody said earlier
in the stream oh you got a you got
credit shit you know you should you
should know that spontaneous creation is
a is a naturally occurring phenomenon it
happens all the time
and you know you just have to be okay
with it you gotta you gotta go with it
I don't know what to tell you about
tipping the same Joker yeah you know how
to deal with that dr. Liu without half
the drop down there I guess I do
well I could drop down here to dr. Lu
bit up since I guys hi Zardoz best of
the worst material or better than that I
watch it a year or two ago and found it
oddly compelling it had some neat ideas
bizarrely executed you seems or knows
I've not ever I've not seen it either
Zardoz are dolls is if for those who
don't know that's the famous Sean
Connery movie where he's wearing the
diaper and it has the big stone head and
it's what's the famous phrase from
Zardoz I know about the big stone head I
don't know the phrase the phrase is like
respects the gun protects the cock or
something like that right really the
penis right what is it someone will know
it okay
what's the the penis is evil is that it
the gun is good the penis is evil that's
like a real phrase from the movie the
gun is good the penis is evil that's
something I haven't watched and I'm not
gonna go out of my way - because it's
conceivable it'll end up on best of the
worst it might be too big it might be
too famous the best of the worst
so I don't know but I haven't seen it
fuck you fuck you madman says hi reg hi
jack
hi which of the enemies in doom 2016 did
you hate the most
and what was your favorite weapon did
you bother with any of the extra
objectives or look for secrets are there
extra objectives I did look for secrets
I don't remember extra objectives that's
what I'm trying to think of extra
objectives is that just the tip just to
confuse this just a bit just to make us
go play doom again I'm ok with that
I need an excuse to buy it on PC because
I played it on X when back when I had an
Xbox one I played it on the x1 so I I
have not had the full doom experience
favourite weapon oh my god
well the Gatling guns always fun
the fucking railgun it's not called
agogo but it's effectively a railgun is
insanely fun is that the machine gun no
no that's the big the big comically
large cannon that it's got the two
little Forks on it and it shoots a big
blue beam out that devastates everything
in its path got the Gulf's rifles in it
ok
I love the assault rifles mini missile
upgrade oh yeah I mean the assault rifle
is good just on its own that's just a
classic assault class yeah just I had a
good feel to it though like oh and the
assault rifle had the musical thing to
it to where it's like every time you
would hit the trigger the guitar what
did you keep I fucking love that assault
rifle yeah nope
basically there's a lot of good weapons
in the new doom shotgun all the way I
mean the shotguns fine it's not my
favorite weapon in the new doom classic
doom shotgun all the way you do I
preferred the assault rifle that fucking
Gauss Rifle the and I forget I you know
there's so there's so many good guns in
it you just forget all of them once once
you got the ruin were like if you think
your health or armor were enough you
wouldn't use em Oh
that's great that was great okay I
remember this segment now there's a
cannon right there's a cannon at the end
of this he's gonna start shooting at me
why isn't Jack spending his soul cuz I'm
not near a lantern there you go
for those who don't know every time you
you go you use a lantern or Die all the
enemies respawn and I'm not near a
lantern at the moment so even though I
have a lot of souls and I can level up
if I did that it would mean going
through this whole section again and I
have enough help files and I'm pretty
sure I can make it even though now I'm
at the cannon part I don't remember the
cannon part that well was the original
doom for almost completed before they
cancelled it I I don't know but it
looked it looked bad it looked blah at
best watch if you haven't seen it if
you're a fan of doom or just a fan of
behind-the-scenes video game development
yeah watch the no clip doom documentary
it's good and they talk about the
scrapped doom 4 they talk about how far
they were in development and what caused
them to stop but I don't think they were
that far sneaky sneaky I don't think
they were that far but they actually go
into why they scrapped that game
okay great doing great we're doing great
I know I'm just the first part of the
question which enemies in doom did you
hate the most
I didn't hate any of them yeah they were
all fine they're all fantastic I don't
know what what they mean by hate
probably like which annoys you the most
but no they were fighting really the
some of the bosses were a little
underwhelming but a fine distraction and
I think for a first-person shooter the
bosses weren't that bad no they were
just you know it wasn't like a lot of
times the the bosses were less fun than
just the massive arena yes for the boss
I will agree with that and so then it
was it was almost like a like a breather
like a step down from the arena battle
flaming skulls are the worst and they're
not that many of them
not with us it's the torture industry
and the Dark Ages like the film industry
no was the brazen bull guy their version
of Tommy Wiseau
no the brazen bull guy was the
equivalent of let's see here
Apocalypse Now was what was the infamous
uh the guy I made the deer hunter what
was his follow-up to the deer hunter
that was infamous oh I don't know what
was that what was that called that's the
equivalent Heaven's Gate yeah it's just
an ambitious failure he put it all out
on the line
the brass bull guy I really reached deep
no one wanted him to but he did what he
did
nope not the colt this is a movie that
happens to have that name I don't think
he ever shot the cannon at me I mean I'm
not disappointed but strange
anonymous says look up SCAF ISM the
victim is forced to drink a mixture of
milk and honey tied to a boat and
floated on a stagnant pond the shit and
vomit would attract insects death would
come slowly is that like Zen things so I
bury people in ant hills see I swear
torture was just what they had for
entertainment back then sometimes it
seems like this is what people do
without TV and cell phones it's not good
whatever happened to suicide cults now
we just get mass shootings yeah you
don't if someone's gonna get shot in the
head I prefer to be someone who actually
wants to get shot in the head I mean who
can disagree with that
Heaven's Gate I mean it's sad I'm not
ready for a snake again it's sad but
it's really it's really not the most
depressing thing in the world I don't as
as far as I know there's no evidence of
anyone in the Heaven's Gate cult being
forced to kill themselves not like like
Jonestown yeah where they really didn't
have an option Jonestown is horrific
Jonestown if you don't know is the
famous cult run by Jim Jones and was it
something like thousands was a 10,000
could've been as much as that but as
thousands of people were forced to drink
kool-aid laced with cyanide and it's the
the origin of the phrase don't drink the
kool-aid
yeah and didn't like Jonestown had like
children well yeah yeah the the poison
was forced down the children's mouths
yes yeah like that was kind of parents I
think in some cases fucking right
fucking hell
plug in heck
but the drink was actually flavor aid
and you know what flavor aid had a very
wise PR department kool-aid it was
definitely kool-aid totally 100%
kool-aid that they drank over there
that's what the flavor aid people were
saying did flavor aid go out of business
soon after no because everyone says it's
kool-aid
don't forget Waco Texas
all those people burn well there's some
debate over who actually set those damn
fires that's true look at this game
oh that's where we see the bugs that's
where we see the bugs later do you
remember the bugs
I remember the bugs oh you mean the fly
people yeah yeah lady this game ROM roms
over there all right where we going
we're going up here let's go oh we're
about to meet the madman yeah I'll
remember the madman he's crazy
we're gonna send him to ice ice yep
disgust me
I were a cult leader what would be it
might make my coke be about I have I
have no interest in in brainwashing
people I have no interested in starting
a cult I would not have a cold I would
have I would start a cult and my cults I
would start a cult about like being nice
to people and helping when people need
help
Dave weapon no what did I get guys what
did I just pick up and being nice to
people that would be my cult awesome
person in the chat if you are just now
finding out about Jonestown for the
first time evil do yourself a favor and
don't look up the last recorded audio
from Jonestown oh Jesus Christ do not
absolutely do not do that really don't
and I know you will but absolutely do
not do that look at this look at this
scene here everybody look at this scene
this right here is something that makes
blood-borne really special he's not an
enemy we can't earn you know we could
kill him right now if we wanted to I
could just hit him with my hammer and
that would be it he's obviously hurt a
bunch of people yeah but I can't lock on
to him you know you can't do oh I know
what I can do oh yeah I'll set this up
for something maybe someone doesn't know
blood fair enough fair enough and so I'm
just setting the space here and so like
everything in blood-borne is an enemy
but you can't lock on to them so you get
maybe close enough to do your finishing
move because like you know think
blood-borne sets up really well is if
you hit an enemy from behind yeah you
can do a special finishing move and oh
you can talk to them
you're fairly normal he says to the
person wearing a dress with a giant
hammer so yeah we've been sending people
to her you know they say there's two
possible safe havens there's the clinic
and the chapel the chapel is where I've
been sending people you send him to Odin
Odeon oedon chapel you couldn't fight
him before he starts killing anyone oh
yeah in the chapel then you get a battle
but I mean outside he hangs out outside
I don't I think this is a nice little
detail I think he can go in because of
the incense oh he hangs out outside yeah
but it's not a real battle look at him
you kidding I'm there I didn't do the
battle with him yeah is it a battle huh
you know is it a real battle hit him
yeah no I have a ton of oh you have a
ton of lot of those don't hit him okay
but I might consider just for the heck
of it sending him to oedon chapel and
then hitting hitting him cuz it takes
him a while to do any damage well before
he starts killing anyone I don't want to
risk it I've said I'm gonna be fun okay
well then I'll do it thank you I'm
pretty close to a lame thing and then
I'll head over there spend my blood
echoes and go fight him okay punch in
blood cocktail yeah it's after you beat
a boss yes you I guess you have until
after you beat a boss okay someone else
is saying he kills immediate I don't
recall that being the thing I remember
him hanging out of the church in front
of the church when I fought him and
everyone was still around
unless I'm just miss remembering what's
happened it's happening oh you got the
cannon over here to get the cannon let's
down here
it's right there right okay I think it's
right down here yeah there is
I can't use it I probably don't have the
arcane but I do have the strength what
do you need to use the cannon let's oh
no I oh no I need 30 strength but I'm
close yeah I'm really close yeah I
counted the bitch birthday with the
stance I'm very close to being able to
use the cannon so that the cannon
actually yeah plays really nicely with
my current strength build what is that a
thing no yeah I think I'm actually just
about to get the
to get the unlock in this area incognito
one says did you know that you can Goss
jump similar to rocket jumping in doom
2016 used to get a mix collectible and
one miss collectible in one level also
broke the final level by retrigger
invisible wall load I think I knew that
I don't think I did it much but I think
I knew that right this is where I came
in
oh shit now I'm lost their way isn't
there an elevator around here somewhere
Shawn killed that guy already I thought
the elevator was around here somewhere
uh uh snake head guy look at him look at
him
no stay out of their goddamn snake head
guy just just get that shortcut well I'm
looking for it I don't see it and
elevators over here but I can't call it
I'm trying her word is right it's it's
in here I don't have to fight with it
you might have to get past the snake I
there's another one over there yeah I
think there's nothing in here across the
snake Mansbridge all right
that's the Rick dog goddamn stickman
it's not too late you can get them back
I can get him back I got all the way
there but but I mean do you know how far
back I have to go I know I know so long
I know it's a long run oh I know I'm Way
too fuck back here where is the snake
man take anonymous I kind of want to
address this but I also don't want to go
back into politics like the last week
yay if if you were hurt by anything I
said in that discussion I will apologize
for your being hurt by it but I don't
want I don't want the shitstorm again
god damn it you're an adult I can't say
oh yeah I can't stop you from doing
anything I can't stop you from doing
anything if I tried
easy-peasy japanesey so speaking of
cults yeah rich have you heard of the
Rajan Nishi they tried to create
biological weapons and take over local
towns pretty crazy stuff well that's and
that craziness the nature of the cult
that's kind of what makes coats of cults
is the crazy absolutely I don't want to
miss the bag man over here I want
nothing get in my way
I think Jack I already talked to the Red
Lantern guy over here I did I did talk
to the Red Lantern guy I got the thing
that I needed to get from the Red
Lantern guy I got the the piece of the
thing and the thing all right this is
where I was not the worst not the worst
run but are we sure I need to get past
the snake man
I appreciate you are is he turn the
other way there's a facing you
Thank You phases man
oh you're a snake man you're a snake man
no die snake man the fear was real yes
the one got me oh good my Bloods there
we did good jack
you did good you did run past us open
the shortcut but then again if you die
while you're past him right no run
fucking fuck all the snake man ah gosh
dang it it's in my head rich it's just
in my head I can defeat the snake man
it's just in my head I can get through
this I can get this
Wow all right
would you rather fried snake man or
shock ma chatte ma I have a big hammer
jacquimo is a tiny monkey I can deal
with shock ma I fight no snake man yeah
you talking in-game or in real life
shock MA all the way I would much rather
fight a tiny monkey by ear
it didn't shock my drive a tank wrong
monkey wrong monkey or ape
that's not shocked ma that's someone
else from a different movie dogs
sorry dogs ain't got no time for your
dogs
shit
okay take care you you all right okay
okay
nope nope nope nope nope nope none of
your shit
none of your shit hidden snake man get
out of town alright can you get your
echoes back without having the fight
you can't no they're right there they
were there it's very quick he said he's
on his way he's on his way
well puns about the cocktail punch of
blood cocktail is that going to distract
them
they're good I think that only works in
the blood will start at least not bad
jack oh well it didn't my punch and
blood cocktail didn't work but I was
able to Juke him oh I'm not a beast so I
guess that only works on beasts oh well
I'm the snake apparently does not count
as a be easier to be a beast
kill the Beast alright alright alright
we did it that's the important part and
then up here is the shortcut yes
set our other elevator
I've further shortcut you take that
shortcut to the other shortcut that was
the top of the shortcut it goes down
more oh yeah oh let's do it again I was
gonna get a badge from I forget the
details look at his fancy helmet I kind
of want that bucket head doesn't he knew
what the deal seemed oh he might be
excuse me sir can I get your bucket head
yeah I do believe he is new at the DLC
yeah I want to join the league he gives
you a spell to summon a snake from the
ground that helmet element take it you
know this works I'm gonna go to the
lantern first and then oh I get it
are you gonna come back after you go
behind yeah we got to try to get home a
little bit he's still talking
there's a Chad know if I can get his
helmet if I kill him I've never tried
but usually if you get a badge from them
they drop it
yeah he doesn't he doesn't drop the
helmet it's in the deal see the helmet
is that's what I'm reading I've never
tried killing him I don't know if he
drops a badge don't you buy things I
don't know I really don't know d okay I
have one person here saying no okay well
then then it's not worth it I just want
the helmet maybe I have to talk to him
more and it gets me the helmet he's
still talking he's still going monka
Potamus says all others pale in
comparison to bucket head I mean look at
him that's good that's good
pale hi here's the shortcut boom you
fucking Dinks
you to thank all of you Dinks alright
shortcut obtained bucket head bucket
I'll get the bucket someone look it up
someone look it up I want that bucket I
want to be bucket head shirtless with a
hammer
sure let's bucket head with the hammer
drop by vaults here the leader of the
league after the leader of the league
after consuming 5 vermin and speaking
with him reloading the area in any way
causes vaulter to disappear leaving
behind the helm in his place
they also say something about consuming
5 bourbon so so what I got to do it
vermin you gotta get vermin before you
speak to him once you get through I
think DLC shenanigans served online
multiplayer shenanigans if you go to
other people's worlds I think you can
find these things but you kill their
squish or collect and then you bring
them back to him I think cool I don't
know I might have accidentally upgraded
my cannon too much you can just kill him
and give the helmet
yep yep that's what we're gonna do well
yeah co-op boss kills getting from it
no well fuck that I'm just gonna kill
him get that
now shut your eyes strength
and skill and strength and strength and
now we can use the cannon
thank you I appreciate it
all right yeah so while you do the
chapel fight
what's the chapel fight the burger oh
fuck I really forgot about the beggar
you did it's okay I have a cannon now
all right chapel fight how does that can
of look with the wheel that's probably
that's probably a great look you are the
most ridiculous thing ever look at that
thing that's great all right enough
fucking around yeah yeah what's it
called please don't kill everyone please
don't kill everyone let's check all the
people we'll see if any of them are dead
well we'll know right away let's hope
you were right rich I'm blaming you if
they're dead I'm one of them do you
really care with this playthrough okay
no I'm not doing any of the yeah the
story's dead right I figured this isn't
your personal line but your own free
time playthrough it's fine but he's
mighty I am playing this on my own free
time but I was character right no I am
playing this belter my free time take a
point but I'm not like oh shit someone's
dead the guy oh yeah he was a jerk yeah
ah god damn it was a jerk
that guy's jerks oh I'm coming for you
first I got a kill Dinka oh no no dink
oh hey hey you kill that guy
now you killed that guy did that pants
have to be different I thought I
remember him not killing anybody at
least not a meeting well he didn't kill
anyone important we can still get the
third and Billick Accord right after
4:00 you can get don't you get one from
the boss one from iOS iOS what the fuck
what the fuck is a big thing I know he's
a big finish
Derek what you got the fight a big thing
why are you complaining
there's awesome technically you didn't
need to bring him here to do this you
could have had the fight near the
rooftop I'm okay bringing them here
yeah I figured you didn't want to lose
your blood echoes then oh oh you know
that you're not dead you can't choose
him I don't know if you want to I don't
think I'll follow you through the door
to the church oh sure
I got you know what I just kind of go
like I just got to do that to heal whoo
yeah there are four umbilical cords and
I think you only need three yeah you
only need three come here
lock onto them
get out get out he's fast and I don't
even think this has the honor of being
considered a boss fight I mean he has a
point he didn't eat that old guy first
he he he ate the people on the roof
he ate the people on the roof he ate the
dude you know what would really be
terrible is if you lost he ate someone
else
every time you walk every time you
obviously would eat someone else
I was seeking your echoes but I got
I should test up my cannon on him like I
want to test on my cannon uh not a boss
but right he has a challenge dungeon
boss and he's a bastard okay I haven't
played around the challenge dungeons
that much he is fast he's fast and he's
not big enough where you can kind of
like confuse him under his legs yeah at
least not enough to get him as a boss so
sure
oh I'm sorry
holy fuck I gotta play around with a
cannon more I thought it wouldn't be
worth that than ten fucking bullets but
Jesus fuck Oh
just gonna take a little trip in here
how do I get more bullets again how do I
do that
that's right dude to do two to five
that's cheese tacular look at that yeah
oh fuck he doesn't care
hit him with a poison knife if that
would have killed me fairly upset I
killed him with a poison knife oh it's
raining blood my bed
well great yeah Cruces beggars can't be
choosers
okay the noble Eskimo says you guys are
the best YouTube channels and the best
twitch streamers thanks for all the
entertainment you're welcome did he kill
the bagman out here - no bagman slinger
bagman still here I don't want to deal
with you right now well you know fuck it
I don't have to have any blood echoes
come here bagman remember before using
the cannon hit it with bone marrow ash
it obliterates okay man dead I mean
that's a lot of bullets though like you
get you only he don't think it like two
shots if you're lucky just got here did
you - seriously invite the fuzzy murder
man into your sanctuary we deliberately
for fun yes there was also a little bit
of confusion we didn't think he would
murder anyone yet and he only murdered
the guy we didn't really care about
anyway I thought we had some murder
buffer time yeah yeah as it turned out
he murdered them right away
and I'm really glad I did not fight him
on the roof because yes that would have
lost me all my blood echoes - - right
away and I was losing him to fucking
snakehead men rich lied to screw over
Jack's playthrough rich misremembered
and when when rich saw how many blood
echoes I had he wisely said don't fight
him here yeah yeah yeah I'm okay with
that so I'm okay with that I'm fine
everything's fine
how did vine sauce get that interview
with you guys oh he he asked us it's
really true he asked us and we found a
schedule that worked with us and that's
how all right

[Part III]
all right
yes I scoff at the fucking league give
me your fucking bucket head helmet I
wanted his bucket head I want his bucket
head helmet
oh yeah he's definitely DLC he uses the
pizza cutter yeah
give me your bucket head
give me your bucket head helmet I want
his hat Skyrim rules exactly you know
how it goes
are you my enemy right away now good I
like it this way round and round we go
oh fuck that thing has some reach ah
that's a giant pizza cutter it's got
reach got reach that's fine we can do
this I want your bucket head this is my
only goal at the moment bucket head man
oh I missed oh fuck you
good way to go through Quicksilver
bullets that is I missed with my cannon
I didn't run away I didn't notice is he
always just hostile no and now is that
every time yeah so now I have to yeah
which I'm okay with I wanted to defeat
him anyway right bud I desire the bucket
and I want the bucket and so I'm going
to defeat him they they got to bring him
outside maybe I need a little more
maneuverability lost his souls
I don't think Jack had that many to lose
though oh and I only had like 8,000
which you know early game is a decent
amount put I don't care about at the
moment I'm gonna bring them out here may
take his crop yeah this girl you guys
still plan to slay the spire a little
bit
oh this is gonna be a long fight Jack I
know look at his health
thank you is it possible to apologize in
this game oh no that's right he's got
the ring she's got to reach getting out
of here you can learn into the log trap
that's brilliant that's some tactical
thinking you said that again they need
credit for that well the log trap kill
him somebody's saying you can lure them
into the log travel it's work worth
fighting out okay yeah well do that I'm
trying to find her to set it I like I
like that suggestion so much they need
to be named and I can't find it now
god damn
well you know who you were I'm sorry I
can't find your name okay rich are you
from Chicago well technically I'm from
the south suburbs of Chicago but I'm
from the Greater Chicago metropolitan
area how's that perfect follow me
six cubed that sounds familiar six cubed
had that suggestion following you are
now don't run into the log trap myself
no we didn't meet in spring
he's not springing it I think you have
to spring it Bali's following you oh
okay
now does that insta kill him or do I
need to widdle him down a little first
this is the question you may apologize
via a gesture
well fucking I want that bucket anyone
remember the Chicago Tylenol murders in
the 80s yes
what were the Chicago I was young I was
really young and I remember that some
psychopath poison tylenol bottles and
cyanide really yeah that's crazy
you take a you take a Tylenol for your
headache and you end up dying
yes it's it's the reason medicine
bottles are all sealed though yeah a
little cotton with the foil or paper
wrap on top over the good yep yes sir
I've heard of the disco demolition and a
White Sox game they hosted better radio
guys Schneck was to do a disco
demolition yeah blow up a bunch of disco
records and it turned into a mild riot
nice I don't see was you still on the
air there for a while I'm trying to draw
a blank on his name the radio guy oh
fuck as of as of the time I left he was
still on the air oh yeah yeah
Steve dull that was it thank you Jeff
dumb ass pick a fight that you can't
finish like a dummy too bad Jack Kent
Perry with the hammer well he's got the
cannon shouldn't be trying to parry
anyway oh I suppose but you know what
that's not a that's not a bad call well
you could change the way you can never
change or what yeah they can't either
that's that's probably doable
what oh my two bullets I'm out of
bullets that's what's going on
did the log happen already
yeah didn't do a lot of damage yeah
Fairmont well there's one way to get
more bullets I don't if you want I got I
got up on I did it and I got him already
did I start the Chicago Fire
no that was mrs. O'Leary's cow nice nice
carrying it's doing almost no damage but
how do I get it I don't know who's that
I don't know who's that guy I don't know
how did I get the helm I don't know
who's that and what are gonna
I got the helmet I don't know who that
guy is
I fell off a cliff
it's not it's not Eileen the crow know
if you kill enough hunters do they start
having people come after you
what the fuck what the fuck just
happened
what the fuck just happened who's a I
they said he followed you off the cliff
oh so I killed them so I kill them
that's great is what this guy is part of
the questline
okay it's part of the questline i
reading the things no read the things
rich I'm glad that you're reading the
things I didn't get that deep into the
deal scene
it's that guy's power
keep fucking shooting
dude what are you I was taught I was
gonna try to hit him real I was gonna
try to hit him really quick and I didn't
and I don't know what's happening and I
got I got I got the helmet that's all I
really wanted I don't know what's going
on anymore
she at least put on the helmet and it
has caused all this trouble you should
at least put it on well that looks great
that was lucky that was a miss
you're live Jack did drop anything yeah
yeah I got a whistle I got a whistle
summon a giant serpent from the
nightmare
so that thing he was doing yes whatever
that is
however I do that and more importantly
rich I got the bucket head even though
my winning was less than satisfactory
because apparently he followed me off of
a cliff so he's not in here anymore
yeah whoo this is great you know what
this might call for pants I'll be honest
this might call for pants doo doo doo
doo an outfit like this
yeah look at that that's a great outfit
right there doo-doo-doo-doo off to work
I'm going to work at the steel mill
that's what this outfit says do do do to
do work work work
great now we can continue playing now
that the craziness is over
all right snake head man went that way
so we go this way
I assume you cannot sneak up on snake
head man because he has snakes let's see
oh I have a lot of that and I have a lot
of cold blood should cash that in
okay if I remember correctly there might
be an ogre over here and a tresor or
just a treasure
ah there's the ogor hello Gore old Gore
was he human villain
Oh gore come to me okay great snakes
tiny snakes we can deal with that's not
a big deal let's use your context to
accelerate the porting a blood-borne on
PC please alright I got a feeling if
that happens it's not going to be until
there's a police station five yeah this
is kind of you know this is one of how
many console exclusives to the
PlayStation I mean as far as I'm
concerned this is currently the reason
to own a Playstation 4 mm-hmm so you're
Sony
are you know how how easily are you
giving this up I don't know what their
deal was if they have to give it up but
this time on there might not be there
probably isn't I don't know eat it snake
head man
eat it snakes ah
fantastic the stranding will be
PlayStation 4 only to I think probably
Raleigh so that would be a reason for
other people to maybe own a Playstation
4
not necessarily you yeah yeah but yeah
oh yeah they they they wouldn't be so
quick to get rid of death stranding
either well ya know like I'm I'm bettin
they they gave from software a good
chunk of something to get an exclusive
cuz this was pretty pretty close out of
the gate right yeah for ps4 at this
point death stranding will probably be a
ps5 launch at this point if there's
these rumblings about the next
PlayStation 5 this rumbling their
rumblings already mild rumblings how
much did they charge with the PS pro
great question wouldn't you be pissed if
you just bought one of those if the
rumblings are true then yes I would be
very pissed
yes I would be very very pissed but you
know who knows how close those rumblings
are yeah and with the great the great
switch shake-up
who knows what PlayStation neat wants to
do to compensate the switches selling
like hotcakes
everywhere I'm not saying that you know
other that people are gonna you know go
out making portable hybrids but they
might be thinking of ways to
not even not even taking chances I just
go right to the fire didn't even need it
but you know yeah look at that I mean
snakes man snakes a lot of them yeah
yeah I know that's why I lit my hammer
on fire places to fall off
my
all right great we're doing great you're
doing great we're doing great
we're doing great so what sort of
rumblings have you heard about PS 5 or
just that they're in general working on
it I'm like well I mean it's got me but
it's almost too soon like but 2020 peace
say please Stage five by then by then we
can hear sound heared about it soon it's
gonna be revealed by 2020 that's not
that close to what what year is it 1870
yeah I suppose and if it's coming out in
2020 they're gonna start typing and yeah
moving stuff over
stupid giant snake stupid giant snake
spit on me Oh even earlier than I
thought
recent reports have suggested that Sony
could reveal something later this year
though it almost certainly won't be that
soon during a special presentation event
for the final 2019 launched in launch
and vision
I can't imagine it'll come out that sir
that's so she can't imagine 2019 that is
so ridiculously soon stop hating me it's
really annoying 2019 is right around the
comes out in 2019 they need to start
advertising like tomorrow exactly it's
like that can't be true that is that is
what I heard they're up there in the
wild somewhere that is crazy that's
actually crazy town that is legit crazy
town it's nowhere near as pathetic as
the so-called new Atari console that
Atari is currently working on why that's
pence who owns a Torino so even if you
owned Terry you wouldn't release a
console under the Atari name at this
point in time no of course you wouldn't
Atari's back the the the the og rich of
course you use the Atari name the
originators people associate Atari now
with a lot of garbage produced under a
name that's been owned and passed around
like a like a fucking doobie at a
Grateful Dead concert Wow
first of all deep cut who's the Grateful
Dead what's a doobie
concert I've heard of those is that like
a YouTube live streaming event sweaty
palms
something's dying over there rich you're
old I know I know damn well I'm old
so many blood shards gay four-quarter
says once that snake just fell out of a
tree
sorry gay for quarters that snake just
fell out of a tree and it startled me
gave a quarter says I'm watching the
stream on a cash register Optiplex
Hobbit clicks what is it what what kind
of I've never seen this word before
Optiplex on a cash register Optiplex I
found by a dumpster ok I put in a tenant
quad-core 4 gigabytes of RAM and an old
video card it's going out via HDMI to
1.55 projection TV I got for $40 great
days L sound like this a lot of words
good words maybe optiplex is a 90s
desktop I've never heard of it
I've never heard of the del opt optiplex
geez I guess that's not shocking I
wouldn't sneak head man threw me down
into a pit of snakes rich you know I
kno
now a snake a man do it down there god
damn pissed Nick's my my dad was always
building computers yeah so I never I
never saw like this is the Optiplex next
desktop I never would have saw something
like that it would just been this is
what my dad built mmm
perhaps the Optiplex is kind of a that
was young we used to go these stuff like
computer shows yep and you just go and
there'd be all these vendors and they'll
just be someone fucking just parts just
parts motherboards video cards
this guy's got a kiosk full of doom mods
I still love going to those with my dad
oh sure but like you know for for me we
would go you know the closest the
closest electronics store we had was
like a half hour away and it was Best
Buy yeah so yeah you'd see the Dell no
this is just local vendors I'm gonna
haggle with them yeah just fucking go
and haggle with them how would you get
to haggle oh I love that that's why I
love junk stores cuz you haggle it's my
kago to the junk store man my dad's
still around he's on stream once
remember we had a whole thing never one
sees every stream oh it's very respected
know that yeah we had my dad's kickin we
had an Evans's family stream Evans his
family stream night it was a thing it
was an event couple months ago or a few
months ago it wasn't oh my god
15 mile bike ride with his old friend
cut his leg during the trip needed
stitches he finished the fucking bike
ride anyway it was blood running down
his fucking leg cuz my dad's crazy
you bike something like seven miles of
the wound that needed stitches that is
that is actually crazy yes what cures
what cures
do I have anything that I don't think I
haven't is an antidote cure madness or
is that something else
no that's poison like blood start boost
right what here's me madness ah sedative
oh right I don't think I have any I
don't think you need it right now you
know
well I just got him I just got Madden oh
okay I just got Madden diced
because of fuckin Jesus fuckin Christ
all the fucking snakes
oh nice jump yeah I feel pretty good
about that I just saw I saw the crossing
and I I immediately remembered whoa
that's cool I might not have known about
that jump there oh yeah to get that yeah
it's there's there's a you know jumping
in blood-borne is not necessarily oh I
get it
it's not really it's not a platformer
yeah but like this little gap is okay
I'm over here I don't I don't think I
knew about that oh oh and you get let's
see if it's cooler than my bucket head
even though I worked really hard for my
bucket head you get the graveyard mask
that's pretty cool but you know it works
pretty hard for that bucket head so
we're going back to the bucket head and
more importantly I need to find all of
my blood echoes which is in a literal
see a pit of snakes that good luck so
we're spot for it but you know I had
like 20,000 so it's probably worth it
actually this might be the pit of snakes
Oh
any enemies and this or other games ever
creep you out enough to not play back
back in the day and it sounds stupid now
especially when you look at what they
look like the zombies in theif the first
time like I didn't I didn't know there
was undead in theif I didn't know that
was even a thing yeah
I'm walking past this corpse and it
jumps up and moans in my face and I had
a moment in the game where I absolutely
panicked I think I actually jumped out
of my chair a little bit I instantly
backpedal and they fucking designed it
that way fucking the people who made the
fucking designed it this way I fell down
an elevator shaft
because you backpedaled and I remember
unlike the looking-glass forums this
exam experience happened to multiple
people who played the game startled by
the zombie freakout backpedal fall down
the elevator shaft get eaten by the
spider at the bottom of the elevator
shaft
it's it was brilliant design sure that's
great
the snake men definitely you know they
creep me out a little bit nothing
wouldn't make me stop playing stuff
there is stuff that would make me like
put it down for a bit and just you know
walk away mmm probably my first time
through yeah like look at look at
fucking all these snakes look at him
they just keep coming
ah look at a ball it is a never-ending
pit of snakes and it is terrifying in
there tough enemies like visually
they're creepy it's a ball of snakes and
then they're tough keep fucking coming
yeah
these are creepy these are creepy now
where's that pit of snakes where's the
pit of snakes
I remember the zombies having excellent
sound design everything and thief had
excellent sound design sound sound made
that fucking game just the ambient
fucking noise and thief is glorious
there's a boss around here somewhere I
can't be concerned with bosses right now
I gotta find my blood echoes oh there's
the thing
gobbledygook says around the 1983 Atari
game crash we had such great toys
including the best of all transformers
then the movie came out interests and
transformers died out temporarily was it
Nintendo's fault no I think it was just
the movies fault the Transformers yeah
killing off Optimus Prime was just
stupid I know they want you to buy new
toys but you don't need to kill the
character the kids like he's got a
fuckin promit eyes the mmm oh this
sounds promising
don't have any yeah that's not so close
jigglypuff says thank you for making
sure I don't road rage in LA traffic
best chaps welcome oh shit shit any
chance for just these guys no no no not
ready not ready Eddy any chance for
Dishonored - no powers run I'd have to
know dishonored - a lot better than I do
I think thing - really - really do well
at designer - no powers I'd want just
familiar with all the nooks and crannies
Oh nope nope nope
I was snakes I was ready for snakes and
there the bug monsters were there this
is my blood boards a great game by the
way they do think they they have a way
of constantly keeping you on edge Jack
yeah what what is your plan for tonight
is it you're gonna want to play this all
night I've no horse I want to play this
all night what is your plan what is it
we need a goal a destination to bring it
home we need to bring it home jack we'll
just say the next Lantern because we're
getting close right what time is it
okay I think the next letter is just a
boss
yeah or oh shit
then I don't know I'll be honest with
you I just don't know only a blood
echoes did you lose less than I lost
last time there's less than I
permanently lost I permanently lost like
twenty thousand now oh you lost those
well yeah cuz I could I couldn't find
the snake pit okay and but now I lost
about fifteen thousand
do you do you want to someone in help do
I want to someone in help no not at the
moment I'm playing it offline mode
anyway okay okay I got a fun now I have
to find those guy I have to oh I'm so
lost in this forest and I don't even
know where those guys were they were
down here I think they were down here
rich red pillar son the Fed I'm not
gonna fill anybody with with any issue
you shouldn't look at it as red and blue
and which side am I on
you should look at the issue and think
for yourself you shouldn't be saying
what am I supposed to think what does my
side think about this look at the issue
how do you feel how do you feel I don't
do drugs
fucking fucking hell
fucking hell fucking hell this game I
love this game so goddamn much
which just never heard of the matrix
what a hack fraud someone someone hasn't
heard red pill be used in a political
way in recent years well that's the it's
it's both factually it's both you know
red red peeling is waking up right yeah
like red pill you know like if someone
is red pill that means they finally woke
they get it man they they understand
what's happening now man and and so they
want they yeah they were they were
pushing they're pushing some agenda
buttons there that's what I met in the
movie yeah but that's I think that's
also what it means politically now where
am i where am I going all right am I am
I wrong about this tell me if I'm wrong
about this I'm frequently wrong I'm
frequently wrong doesn't it mean to be
to be red pilled yeah to find your way
to a conservative viewpoint and to be
woke means we found your way to a
liberal viewpoint I thought that's the
way these two things were used and maybe
I'm wrong
well I think people when people say red
pill they specifically mean you see in
the conservative life and I believe
you're right but I believe they both
believe that they're woke oso locusts
both well well no you're right you're
right in that the phrase I'm woke means
that you are now like you're awoken to a
liberal point of view but I believe if
you are read pilled the chats and emote
only mode we're not even talking about
politics we're talking about determine
talking about the definition of a
terminology that is used to describe
politics this is insane
this is insane so but I believe if
neither of us are endorsing anything
right now we're just talking just means
the words to be read pilled
mean you are
like the matrix woken up to the
conservative politics I believe okay
okay so I believe it's Bo or both are
woke this seems like a boss fight is
this a boss fight this is definitely a
boss fight
right this
maybe not
okay here's your something a bit safer
no I do not believe in ghosts I really
look at that maybe that area yeah let's
scream it for a boss fight uh no but
it's on the way to the boss fight okay
down one of these paths you'll get the
shortcut to the elevator the other
elevator this might be the path to the
ball so I think the other way might be
the elevator but I I could be wrong
easily
you might be right I think I remember
pigs up like like this area is so
wonderfully big and labyrinth like and
you you just get lost oh yeah no actual
exploring to be had in this section of
the game oh yeah well I mean in every
section of the game there's there's so
many nooks and crannies and paths yeah
this seems like an elevator this seems
like an elevator area snake eyed man
snake head room that is the elevator
area just open the elevator
run heel and run past his ass yeah
someone oh you can defeat him after you
open the elevator is that not true
I suppose theoretically or I could
defeat him all right hey you you know
you did it you did it then you get the
sense of accomplishment and I wasn't
quite sure where the elevator was over
here and so I didn't want to like run
past him only to run into like smack-dab
into another enemy
oh great
Akagi and the chat says when I finally
bought a ps4 it floored me how many
people said something to the effect of
enjoy your blood-borne machine haha yeah
yeah the ps4 has a lot of good games on
it but if you're talking exclusives
there's a there's only a handful you
know
okay just so you know I am NOT under any
obligation to read tips that's true yeah
that's really true we've we've been
through that many times we appreciate
all of you who tipped but we certainly
get to pick and choose what we read for
the record it's not controversial it's
just juvenile
like okay so why don't we do this why
don't we do this rich I am gonna go find
my way to the ps4 are more
cost-effective than a PC with similar
stats though if you're looking for
solely a gaming streaming machine can
you use a mouse and keyboard on a ps4
can can you do that
we know how rich feels about that wait
so where's the other elevator it's over
here oh fuck off okay okay I get it now
I get it now the the quick the quick
road why don't we do this
whoever's playing blood-borne now let's
go fight the boss oh you're gonna go
online sure all right
and then we'll defeat this last boss and
it'll be a nice who run cuz I want to
say this I don't I is this boss like the
three the three biddies I thought I
remember them being bad but you know
what we'll end the stream with a nice
boss battle we'll get someone online
let me level up first and Ludvig some
bolt paper it's that they're not
necessarily easy bolt size bolt paper I
have forged paper fire yep fire up them
ps4s I'm gonna quickly level up all the
things I can I think I might be able to
get my hammer to like max stats what
boss the I forget what they're called
the the three the three hooded guys
Oh any junks shadows of your living room
what are they called the three hooded
guys that's what I know Maz all right
hey girl shadows yarman I'm right I'm
rich is right can you join for a boss
fight if you've already beat the boss I
think so
you can just join no matter what
a little more health a little more
strength I mean you gotta go kind of
more strength
what am our defense that it doesn't get
that much more gobbledygook says
speaking of coats and Jim Jones any
plans to try the new first-person
shooting 5 Far Cry 5 this week mark -
Blood Dragon was neat and the map and
mod tools' for the new one look
promising for creative content
I have no immediate plans to play it I'm
not saying I'll never play Far Cry 5 if
it's just out could be it could be an
episode we do
was that just a non sequitur or is there
actually a cult theme did farce game 5
Far Cry far cry 5 yeah I think that's
you're fighting like a cult like a coke
okay okay I am what I and I don't know
much about it and what I saw online is
they based the cult symbol very closely
on the symbol for Scientology so yeah
it's like a I don't know what kind of
cult button all right so wait now I
probably now need to kind of go online
okay so password matching is prereq I
don't know how do I go online I probably
need to exit game
apparently they said far cry 5 might
have blood dragon too
maybe they'd be wise to do that if they
want to sell high five I saw I saw the
be like DLC lineup you know it has a
season pass and you can already get like
three DLCs it's crazy I know why they
haven't a full full scale Blood Dragon
the game why not it was popular people
loved it oh shit I did wrong I did bad I
don't I don't know I don't know I don't
know
I'm not going to kill the doll I hit her
once accidentally and I did not kill her
but I felt terrible yeah I accidentally
like grazed one of these I did that once
I did that once felt awful Joey
Belladonna says Michael Dane
bean admitted that he's already recorded
lines for blood dragon to Rex Rex power
cult that's this character the perfect
the perfect parody action hero named for
an 80s science fiction movie Rex Rex
power cult I'm just turning off the ps4
real quick so I can connect it to the
network what happens if you kill the
doll you feel bad you just feel bad she
comes back you leave the hunter's dream
and and go back and she comes right back
but you feel terrible
Shawn's Samoan says every stream I hope
for rich Evans perfect thief run someday
oh well recently started playing thief
myself again I forgot how much I loved
it the zombies always got me too rich it
looks so comical in hindsight but yeah
they used to freak me out I used to
dread a level I knew had zombies in it
but back then zombies in general used to
creep me out
just the idea behind the Night of the
Living Dead movies right no so bleak huh
that's it I mean that's that that's
interesting to me because he knows I've
always liked seen zombies and be like
hey for me this is the most horrible
thing ever
god this is such a depressing idea right
there's nothing left in the world but
just literally walking death yeah girl
death shambling corpses I'm connecting
to the internet that's why you're not
seeing any but Michael Myers didn't
scare me yeah Freddy Krueger didn't
scare me Jason Voorhees didn't scare me
zombies fucking scared me but it was a
it was an existential kind of fear
okay and there we go no one told me
thief three turns into a horror game or
halfway through thief games embrace
horror and it works really well in thief
because you by design you're not a tank
bright like Dishonored which you know is
kind of the spiritual successor to thief
you can kick all the ass oh yeah you
can't kick all the a thief yeah at least
you're not supposed to yeah you playing
it off you could figure out how to beat
the AI but you're it's by design you're
not really supposed to be a an
ass-kicking murder machine sure sure
sure okay so if you want to join I've
set my how do you type the prereq
password no idea I have no idea I don't
know how it works
edit to match with players using the
same password so it's prereq P re re C
all lowercase and I will I will use the
the bell as soon as I get ya I'll get o
I'll get a little bit closer the only
thing that prevented thief 3 from being
transcendent was that stupid
Unreal Engine I don't think the stupid
loading zones help much
Madson thief three are just just kind of
small compared to like I'm a pin thief -
mm-hmm
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna take all
the shortcuts I'm gonna get a little bit
closer and then I will summon someone
and we're gonna take out this boss and
it's gonna be great
look at this fucking cannon Steve three
the first one available for consoles yes
now one of those snakes should really be
looking I think some of those snakes are
looking at me
didn't I say fidget spinners were stupid
I have never said that vision spinners
were fucking designed with me and mine
yeah rich really nice midget spinners I
fidget constantly I wouldn't I would
never besmirch the fidgets spinner and
you know I I fig it occasionally but I
would still never besmirch a fidgeting
device only because like I know people
who need to do that like not just you
just like some people need something to
do with their fingers and if they don't
do this they pace and that's even more
annoying let them spin let them fucking
do whatever they want fidget spin all
you want you feel about all those cubes
this cubes all things on them oh they're
neat check out me one for my birthday
once yep they're fun
you flick the things erupt the things
this is great it's great times
yeah I did the I saw that there was a
Kickstarter for those cubes and I did
that because I feel like oh this this is
a great idea that's a great gift but
then like like a year before they the
Kickstarter was released the the market
was flooded by knockoffs by cheap
knock-offs
I think Karen had got me one of the
knockoffs once and it really is a piece
of crap in comparison oh yeah so but
those cheap knockoffs didn't do like
they only hurt
they only hurt my god she plea
constructive and then everyone's like
who cares about these cubes
wait is that something is had a little
secret
I noticed the other day accepts playing
this you inspired well you some extreme
again see we all know you inspired me to
pick up blood boy then yeah I discovered
a secret in the Odin chapel elevator
yeah yeah that little bit a little thing
you can roll I didn't know about that
until I don't like a week or two ago oh
yeah a lot of times these elevators have
like sneaky little things where if you
roll out mid elevator you you get you
get someplace fun
are you facing me how do I get to kill
you oh I get to kill you are do I get to
kill you
are you facing me oh I'm just gonna make
my way to that pool uh here's the pool
and then we're gonna call okay all right
I'm gonna call and I think we go that
way
yeah there's the pigs that way all right
so how do we call we call you something
I don't usually do I know neither do I
beckoning bill I believe okay use
insight to ring and call to other worlds
here we go Oh
there goes a ghosts
to be in this area or I might god I
don't know I don't know how it works
they still like be in the pool with me
I'm giving possibilities for people who
want to know how to join I don't know
the answer
Little Mermaid that's how she lost her
voice that was the song that was a
little song she's saying he's a Little
Mermaid password is prereq all lowercase
P re re C this was a mess when I tried
private matches says do B sandwich rich
don't give a single fuck what am I gonna
do use my mental energy to force
somebody into Jack's game we're just
waiting no I'm you know I I think people
want to join in and if you guys don't
then I'll just go by myself rich is not
acknowledging Jack's Ariel singing I was
debating whether or not to join in
actually yeah I didn't he doesn't like
Jax Jax got this you don't need to
acknowledge everything I do it's for you
what's the red one somebody died that'll
show you the last moments of somebody's
life
oh the snakehead man
oh hello we did my bell we're off try it
again
oh no it's still working there it is you
see that at the white thing okay okay
it's still working
people are trying okay well great yeah
but Lydon will just hang out for a
little bit if I ever been to a Rob
Zombie concert no though I I like Rob
Zombie well enough hey could someone
remind me to get eggs after this
that's real I need to go grocery
shopping I need eggs I have you know how
many eggs I have in my hell no I have
one eggs how many eggs do you need three
I have three eggs and so technically I
only need two because I haven't one but
you know you can't run by two eggs what
time is it
it's 10:30 almost no I know rich you
should have stopped me like an hour ago
I did did you you wanna keep coat Winnie
I said Jack we need an exit strategy
like nine that was an hour ago not quite
how that felt I think I'm exaggerating
but it was a while ago it was before
10:00 I loved blood-borne I know you do
I know you do
I'm glad I'm glad I liked oral college
to this and played blood-borne we might
have had some fun with Pikachu detective
Pikachu and we can always play it later
I have the game
this is like the third stream I've seen
someone mention to get eggs I have three
eggs every single day um plus any egg I
use for any other meal and so I go
through a lot of eggs Oh nope
are you something no you're someone else
you come in there standing there you
enjoy me nope okay oh there goes someone
ghosts rich we got ghosts I know I think
they do need to be it within the area I
think they need to be in the vicinity
they seem like they're in the vicinity
you around yeah but they don't they
might not know me I could just be other
people running around those could be
other ghosts and so I think for anyone
else I'm sure they know because they see
what you are well yeah now oh no they
know but maybe people are making their
way here making their way Gallagher says
ëi seed program for AI development has
battlefield BOTS using interconnected
neural networks with deep learning
instead of pathfinding and scripting for
single-player gaming how important is AI
but depends upon the game for one like a
zombie game maybe you don't need very
competent AI but it's important yeah but
how important depends upon the game
absolutely like a stealth game you might
want some complicated behaviors going on
yeah for a good stealth game searching
patterns and what what their awareness
is like what kind of things they should
be aware of
there's an enemy notice a missing bottle
on a table that you grabbed Dynasty
Warriors
not so much not so much at that point
it's just running a straight line run a
straight line ah
what level are you people gonna only
join if they are within 20 to 20 20 + 20
% levels of you they have to close to
your level life I have heard maybe I'm
wrong that you could join if you're like
way more level than the person you're
joining with but your own stats get
bumped down when you join somebody who's
lower level than us why I have heard I'm
joined with a password I'm at level 57
I've heard the game automatically bumps
you down okay
57 is the level I'm at I don't know what
that means like I don't know if that
means good bad or otherwise but with a
password anyone can join is what I'm
seeing
in chat
so we'll just just hang out for a little
bit longer till we can figure it out and
it'll check my network sitting here it's
worldwide online ID password matching
prereq boom we were playing I mean
obviously we're playing online because
you can see all the the bubbly hints and
the death animation so we know we are
online my favourite comic book artists
back when I read comic books um John
Romita Jr Mark Bagley Erik Larsson John
were made a senior seniors great
I like senior I'm not down with junior
that much but seniors great I love me
some junior junior we've had this covers
we've had this conversation before we're
allowed to like different things well
and I think junior did really good work
on spider-man but he made some fugly ass
x-men yep
unfortunately Begley has it took me a
while to get used to Bagley spy style on
ultimate spider-man huh but after after
10 or so issues I wanted nothing else
but Begley to dress everything it was he
was he was better at ultimate than he
wasn't amazing he drew amazing for a
while oh did he
Oh ultimate it's great like he did a
great job in ultimate and then when they
replaced him on like you know issue
what was it 111 however yeah it was it
was like oh no they say Begley doesn't
get enough credit I think he mostly just
did covers honestly Mike Zack was good
Zack Rick Leonardi Zack
I'm running around a bit trying to find
you find me I mean here in the pool look
I'm in the pool I'm in the big pool
right below that elevator thingy
feelings on todd mcfarlane overrated
hack hack overrated hack and also a
dickhead sure but you know most
importantly an overrated hack yeah I
don't know if I've ever heard a nice
thing said about him ever he's a jackass
yeah he's openly a jackass yeah I say
try try being closer to the boss I don't
know why that would make a difference it
seems like weird design but try going
closer to the boss okay
oh nothing but items here I was the boss
one of these paths leads to the boss
where's the piggies I came from there so
I'm not looking forward to the new spawn
movie the new spawn movie will probably
be crap but as much as I don't like Todd
McFarlane I'll admit spawn is a concept
you could make interesting spawn is a
concept that you can make it you got
some angst in there that's the cave I
came from right where the heck is the
boss
you see fight two pigs I can't find the
pigs
I lost my pigs the big cool reason for
not liking Todd uh he his art is greatly
overrated like he drew some really fancy
some fancy webbing but watch the man
pretend he can draw an action scene he
draws poses that don't look like they
relate from one action to the next oh
yeah I know and everything's like overly
complicated loosely complicated and
things everywhere just strings strings
everywhere this isn't right is it
that's another snakehead man I remember
one issue of spawn it was a fight scene
and he just didn't give a shit he'd just
draw like like things flying out from
like outside of the panel I guess the
thing is and I'm flying around ah
and he didn't so he didn't have to
bother with drawing any of the actual
fight he's not a vision all right
todd mcfarlane is not a visual
storytelling and you know as a comic
book artist you kind of have to be yes
he's not a storyteller he draws a series
of pinups yes it's absolutely true
that's absolutely true
okay oh yeah okay here's the second Pig
okay there's the second Pig I am now
closer to the to the boss let me kill
these enemies who have to kill the
enemies first maybe the HBO animated
series spawn animated series is actually
really good I've seen parts of it it's
good it's a rare case of the adaptation
being better than the comic book it's
based on because as I said spawn is a
concept that couldn't be done better and
Todd McFarlane was just an asshole
looking to cash out on his name
that's all spawn was he didn't try to
tell a good story okay I think the
bosses are down here I don't want to go
in yet HBO they got the license to spawn
which was super popular and they had
interested turning it into a story
alright I'm now closer to the boss twin
fires and by the twin fires said another
enemy
I don't know if I need to like kill all
the enemies first I'm sorry about Angela
no you mean Marvel's Angela Neil
Gaiman's fuck unit todd mcfarlane and he
was he was right to do it the full story
and then that's complicated shit isn't
it yeah yeah I've heard bits and pieces
and I don't know who Angela is so I just
don't know what's going yeah yeah i all
right you you do better looking up the
details of the story elsewhere but
basically neil gaiman created a
character for spawn who ended up
becoming really popular Angela the
warrior angel Angela and over something
else I think it was over like miracle
man comic books which Todd said he had
the rights to but he didn't a Neil
Gaiman was interested in that I don't
really I don't know the details to go
read the rest of it but basically Neil
Gaiman Todd McFarlane had a huge
falling-out well an important note
uh-huh is that in what was the company
that Todd McFarlane found in an image an
image to differentiate themselves from
the evil corporate
Marvel Todd McFarlane said anyone who
creates a character has the rights to
that character and blood like you know
yeah it was all you know art artistic
spin and so yeah Neil Gaiman created a
character but then McFarlane tried to
snap oh you've made action figures tried
to profit off of it and then after the
fallout Neil Gaiman's like will fuck you
hmm
and there was a lot of court battles and
eventually Neil Gaiman's sold Angela to
Marvel who Todd McFarlane hated as a
fuck you you had McFarlane mm-hmm and
now Marvel owns angela and they don't
know what to do with her Neil Gaiman
doesn't give a shit cuz it was just a
fuck you to Todd McFarlane uh-huh hi
guys I'm overlooking the boss are y'all
coming silence the Bell and ring it
again okay
did I ring the join bell instead of the
summon Bell is here well we'll find out
hold on no guy I'm gonna supposedly a
very nice guy
well sure he is but time McFarland is an
asshole right so we want we want Neil
Diamond to win and he did which is great
okay so I'm ringing the summoning bat or
the beckoning Bell use insight to ring
and call to other worlds for help
beckoning Bell go
what about Alan Moore and swamp then
what about them and island Moore had a
good run in Swamp Thing mmm maybe that's
an alum or had a good run in Swamp Thing
I mentioned the thing never read Swamp
Thing I've never read a Swamp Thing a
valid Mora did a stint in it I believe
it's good he turned his origin on his
head okay
he gave Swamp Thing a full on identity
crisis like it I'll have to read that
but maybe maybe you're not who you think
you are
mmm deep Swamp things origin was
originally scientist gets a chemical
item turns into a plant monster and and
when Moore's take on it was no the
scientists just died and the plant grew
when absorbs memories the plant just
thinks he's the scientists Oh
now do you thought you were those
memories not yours
I like it
man things better I haven't read either
I know nothing of Man Thing or Swamp
Thing Denton Dhin Dhin Dhin don't dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun
what are our opinions on toxic avenger
we're not people to ask nope
try a new password that's what I read
okay keep it simple all lowercase
Jack password is my name Jack worldwide
ready to go the battle is still rung
password is Jack all lowercase join me
we by the way we better fucking win this
first time guys this is a lot of build
up you're never gonna get them in your
group you're gonna have to go it alone
and then I'm gonna die and then we're
just gonna have to end it that's good
like here's the thing we are only
fighting this thing once ring it until
they show up I'm not sir casting in any
way but I'm extremely curious to know
what you would say to an old comic
teacher of mine that made a study todd
mcfarlane
praising him like a god and how he
managed the pages I I'd say that
partners guy also taught a class anyone
can teach a class you know anyone can
teach a class did you see there there's
a thing there's a thing going around of
one of his interviews at Peter James I
can go and and he was talking about how
gangster films were so popular and so
part of the reason he made partners was
so he could capsize on how popular
gangster films were uh-huh caps uh I
know I I heard that and then you think
it's just miss speaking but apparently
he said it multiple
times meaning he wanted to capitalize on
the popularity of gangster films I know
we're not dealing with the genius it's
like we know we knew that going in
yeah that's the kind of thing you never
correct him you just let him do that
forever forever and ever amen
ring since you changed the past
goddamnit this is my last time doing it
guys then we're going in cuz we've been
we've been spending too much time wait
there's someone wait are you someone are
you trying to join oh there's a guy with
a hammer you trying to oh now all these
people are here hold on all right I'm
gonna we're gonna do it one more time
since the password has changed to Jack
all lowercase
and I'm gonna ring the bell again
beckoning Bell go it's wrong okay we're
here
it's wrong y'all we're gonna just give
you a couple minutes and then I'm going
alone if I die that's it we only got one
shot at this make or break oh so I
haven't eaten since new growl I'm sorry
I really did not think is that late as I
could play this game just all night I
know because I love blood-borne you just
get it like I get why people get so
obsessed with things over and over after
playing blood-borne like I've liked
games before and I've wanted to replay
games before but I don't know if I've
ever been as obsessed with replaying a
game and getting so into it that like
all other games mean nothing to me right
now rich because I'm playing blood-borne
please stop waiting jack oh yeah we're
giving it a couple minutes here but cuz
I keep seeing people I keep seeing
people like show up in the distance oh
hey I look look like there's people just
waiting here for me I remember while ago
when the deal see first come on came out
I think we stream with people we try to
get people and we're having problems too
yeah by the way they came I came
eventually
those are just other players those are
people waiting I think those are people
waiting for me yeah maybe try without a
password just see what happens yeah sure
that's fair all right guys I'm gonna I'm
gonna get rid of my password no password
and I got to silence it and do it again
and I'm sure that's what they're gonna
tell me
all right one more time no password no
password no password looking for helpers
here we go
who wants to help me that people are
waiting here believe it or not the
hundreds of thousands of people playing
this right now are not all there for you
where's his thing how old is this game
hmm
whew for how many people you think are
actually playing this right now that are
waiting in this one area yes I'm not
saying they're all here for me but like
look there's someone just standing right
there behind me what are the odds
so it's probably not hundreds of
thousands
and I'm going in that's enough time okay
let's do this
lots of people still playing this game a
lot I'm not doubting it but the person's
had hundreds of thousands hey what's up
the stairs it's up the stairs is that an
easier way to get here I don't think so
oh no I need to defeat them to open the
gate right there's just something in
here this is necessary to anything
fucking snakehead guy all right I got a
got a thing
what does man you know what doesn't
matter that's a shortcut I don't like
that area it's a shortcut this would be
great if this was a shortcut because
this is so yeah that's the opposite of a
shortcut I think it doesn't this up here
take you to somewhere further away were
you I have no idea rich it's like it's
like a fall into a other spot you don't
fall down there oh yeah this is like a
snake that's that's negative progress
yeah yeah yeah yeah you know the game
audio was bad we once did
bad how quite bad quiet and hey you
can't no okay all right let's go fight
some bosses bet how bad quiet no details
of course great
hey guys game audio game audio game
audio a little on the quiet side yeah
okay I mean we're ending the stream
shirtless
nope
Oh coming oh yeah
Jonathan he's got nothing I mean you
kill one off the other start getting
more powerful
so make make some sense to spread the
damage out of it stuck on rocks
nope nope do it jack
I can do it I can do it I can do it you
can do it jack oh they follow you watan
nope the people that are trying to kill
you generally try to follow you know the
fire follows the fire father okay okay I
I misunderstood
big whiff big whiff always killed the
castor first yeah it's not terrible
advice and see that because he's he's
most annoying but then his brothers come
take your time if the brothers are
chasing after you hard why don't you why
don't you lead them away and then go
after the castor while they're apart
well they're separated
or get them all in one go they're
killing they're evolving Oh who's Eric
violence but what's
I was almost full health do you wanna
join up I'll start reading subs no no I
said one fight
you sure I said won't fight I got how
many did I get it give me vicar Amelia
we make a rule and yeah they stick with
the rule break it one way make our walls
stick with the rule okay
that was my fight I'm offering you that
grace I appreciate that I made a rule
rich fast okay steadfast cuz you know
what you break that rule one to the
other then you break it again then you
break it again and then you might as
well not have a rule like the vote on
Twitter rule Sinemet that was a
suggestion that was clearly a suggestion
