Jan 14, 2018
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/218738560
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/218739333
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/218740329
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t2pIzCBsWg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv2L2Oip0-4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6OMgglwjHI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/952643200472281088

[Part I]
I hope it is gone oh we had a whole bit
where I can't hear because I've got the
headphones on we had a home fit we had a
whole bit happening you don't want to go
too crazy with the game on it because
remember like it gets super long I just
want to turn it down actually oh great
oh man we had a whole bit about how we
couldn't hear because everyone says rich
needs to wear headphones and so you're
wearing headphones Pub G is on steam yes
Pub G is on steam that's where you can
purchase pub G here we are playing pub G
we've it were a little late we're about
ten minutes late because we were fussing
with the the way we show both of our
gameplay footage and I like this version
better yeah this what we're calling
picture and picture that's fine that's
fine I think it looks a lot better we're
gonna play so actually you know what one
thing I did notice where you were you
were playing a match as I came in yeah a
pub G just getting used to the controls
of course of course just warming up do
you have a button for free look No so so
there's a button that you can press and
hold-down in this game where you can
look around while you're running in one
direction but you can look all 360
degrees around you while you keep moving
in one direction and it is incredibly
helpful you might want to consider
binding a mouse button or you know to a
free look but it could be very helpful
just uh just as a heads-up
whoa down right now right above combat
you have em for free look em huh
whatever em is I actually might work
okay
well
no I'm fine I'm sorry and it's fine I'm
your mouse
yeah yeah yeah people think I got some
weird Kiba J okay and they don't realize
I'm not using a normal keyboard right
those are keys I have found in my mouse
right cuz your mouse has about 10
million buttons something like that
that's you know like so many people so
many people yell at me for using a
little my little Chuck here but it's
like modern gaming mouses have a house
and buttons on them and this thing has
20 buttons on it so you get all your
buttons I like my Chuck
it's my Chuck y'all all right you want
to uh you want to want to I want to get
in on around yeah I mean I just invited
you to a game okay you can't see that
though cuz here
let's uh let's do just a little a little
two-by-two to start off the night third
person or first i/o we you know what we
didn't get to a first person how about
because I haven't had a chance to warm
up yet yeah it's fine this is what
you're comfortable with I don't give it
will do one in third person and then our
next one will be in first person how
about that and then we'll get some
chatters in then we'll get some chatters
in okay okay when is Project Hornet
presentation I'm gonna present rich with
some project Hornet stuff after we're
done stream and oh you may never hear
anything about it just deal with it and
put it out of your mind
fuck's sake we're not gonna give you an
update until we're ready so it's not
like you're going to trick us into
giving you an update did I did you hit
ready
you didn't hear it oh hello I like to
play pop G well iPad acts in a little
bit we'll be playing with the chat it'll
be great oh yeah a desert map the
headphones on I won't be able to hear a
word you're saying perfect I'm gonna put
headphones on - and they won't be able
to hear a word I'm saying do you have a
mic four people will be playing with
well they can hear me through yours
all right yeah yes it's true that's what
I'm you know no that should work though
just hear it as me yeah yeah yeah that's
my plan at least I was taken off a long
time from mind a load head last time
that way - what what are Y that is where
yours it took along yeah oh yeah good I
don't know which I can't I can't tell
you oh they're six oh I'm gonna put my
headphones in too
all right so now we both have our
headphones in is this a map reskin no no
it's not okay let's see here where do we
want to go you tell me jack you tell me
let's see here I think the last time we
went you know here-ish but that's like
right in the path of the plane this time
yeah all right what could be fun here
maybe yeah let's try to go let's try to
go over here all right all right so I'll
tell you when and three two one go
I don't think we're gonna make it I mean
I'm kind of going for that like farmland
looking area okay okay that's kind of
what I'm just gonna follow you
great oh I think I see what you're
talking about yeah with the patches the
farms and shitting gonna pull a little
early here and kind of glide what I've
heard is that if you get your your
speeds between like 35 and 40 miles per
hour if you'd like rocket between 35 and
40 you can make it further distances I
don't know if that is true but that is
what I've heard oh I took some damage
that sucks we took damage yep really
yeah that's weird that's life I guess
oh so this is for anyone who's wondering
this is what I'm doing right here is I'm
free looking so I'm running straight but
I can kind of look all around me and
it's really helpful yeah yeah situations
like this because like you can just you
know scan all the things around you
while still moving at a good speed Jack
hi so critiques Johnson Jack hi jack hi
I'm Jack what I don't know they're
saying Jack and I'm just saying hi back
say much better-looking screen setup
yeah oh good yeah I think so I think so
I'm glad you guys appreciate it well you
know that's what we're always we're
always looking for ways to better the
stream I got a shotgun
Richard still coming
we're gonna head towards these barns
here we're actually going away from the
circle
well I desperately need stuff so yeah
let's head to these barns I'm gonna my
PA no it's a bush never mind keep check
that little house I did so you can go
right past that little house all right
if I see anything in these next upcoming
houses I'll leave them for you
oh you're going right to the barn okay
I'm gonna check out these little houses
then you go to the barn you sawed-off
backpack I also have a sawed-off well
you know what that is rich that's
something that's something my friend it
ain't much but it's something
big medpac shotgun choke oh I think
that's a truck over there okay you keep
searching find all the good shit I'm
gonna go get this truck yes that's what
we needed
hopefully that's a working truck are you
a working truck are you a working truck
please be a working truck we could
really use that extra red site dot that
is not a working truck shit shit I just
wasted everyone's time loop said I can't
use great backpack perfect a little bit
if we don't I got some weapons here Jack
yeah yeah I'm sixteen and what is this
oh that's a good one I like what is that
whatever it is I like it it's a sniper
or is it uh oh here oh I got it I got a
good weapon I got a good weapon too
great
I got a machine gun shitty helmet well
you know better than it's better than no
helmet man you know what I'm saying I
got more shotgun ammo perfect perfect I
we first-aid kit I could use a vest you
might need to get moving sooner rather
than later
oh okay
right dad that's good yeah I don't have
much ammo for it are you are you five
six yeah oh yeah all right all right all
right all right I got some decent I have
decent enough weapons where I'm yeah
we're a tramp
I'm over here obviously oh here's a
backpack sir shit was that you yeah okay
I had no idea what this gun was or how
it felt there was a machine gun all
right let's run run like the dickens
because we were gonna get caught the
circle did you not find that truck huh
did you not find a truck no the truck
was a was a junker truck so we got a run
we got a run run run where's the nearest
street to where we are okay we're gonna
hit a street so hopefully we'll run into
something everything's gonna be fine
rich everything's gonna be just fine you
say that as if it's true how do I I
don't think I have anything bound to
putting away weapons it's fine it's fine
yeah first of all get on that second of
all we got to move
holy crud I got shake that's what if I
shake my check if I shake my Chuck I put
away my weapons are you got a motion
thing on that we got a motion little a
little motion sensor on it it's not like
a super accurate one but so yeah just
shake it put away my Oh actually I
actually brings out my last weapon -
that's neat I didn't know that what's
the default control for that fight I
gotta run yeah
we can deal with it as soon as we are in
safe in a safe area Oh
anin scanning the horizon for a car
we're gonna run into a road eventually
we will absolutely run into a road
eventually and then maybe we can find a
car so uh how's it going let's go good
how are you doing jack great I have not
ever died from a grenade zone rich have
you ever been Grenada I haven't I
haven't played this that much you've
never
you've never died in a red zone no
neither have I and I don't know if I've
ever heard of anyone ever dying in a red
zone I wonder if it's just there to like
spook people okay here's a road we got a
road so that's something cars are by
roads we can make it rich we can make it
we can make it it was big screen is Jack
if you see my name in the top yeah we
have names roll a name for the main
screen I didn't make one for the little
screen because you know deductive
reasoning would imply who the other
screen was absolutely that's a that's a
dead car damn it that's a dead car damn
it damn it damn it damn it
that's a dead car damn it damn it damn
it
keep running it's gonna be fine
it's all gonna be fine guys we've been
here before we've been here before we
can do this we can make it don't stop me
now we're having such a good time keep
running dude don't stop me don't stop me
don't stop me yeah that might be a
working car over there but that's out of
the way and that might not be a working
car I have rich you keep heading towards
the circle okay yeah cute you keep
running towards the circle that's your
job also looking for cars no I got one I
got that one I'm gonna get one you keep
running towards the circle I will I will
meet up with you I'm gonna I'm gonna go
into the red zone here we're gonna go
into the Thunder zone into the darkness
I might have one yeah I think we're in
fact running towards the same one and
someone just shot at us
you driving her me driving whoever gets
to first we gotta move okay yeah yep
you can't equip a weapon while you're
nagging oh this is a slow car that's
okay it's a car it's faster than running
it's faster than running man not faster
than the blue line still faster than
running we'll make it eventually oh this
is a nightmare now we can do it we're
doing great
oh shit just keep it on four wheels
we're doing great we're doing great
oh there you go a little trail a little
trail there Red River died to a bombing
zone
oh fuck fine we're doing great we're
doing great don't run over the mountain
run over the mountains what are you
doing where you going I can't go up that
mountain you can you can do anything if
you believe in it shit run run rich
you're in your van yes I'm in the van
dammit there's bombs everywhere I know I
know there's it's gonna be great we're
gonna make it it's gonna be great we're
gonna make it we're gonna make it wait
where are you I'm going back to the car
cars not moving
okay come on you got a run this is gonna
be fine everybody
no I knew that vent that van was toast I
knew I saw the writing on the wall next
time I'm driving now we're gonna make it
Jack next time you want to go to the
very edge of the map yeah I'm gonna say
no okay we're gonna make it we might not
make it rich we just might not make it
we just might not make it
is that a working vehicle huh that a
working vehicle no oh I'm gonna drink to
energy drinks which makes me faster
I just drank two energy drinks that made
me faster and will slow the killing of
me oh it's right there it's within the
site it's within my sight oh my god I
might die I might actually die Oh rich
and once we get there we got to start
running again okay okay here we go here
we go run till you die run till you die
run till you god I've a game oh I see it
I see it it's so close it's so beautiful
shit shit I made it I made it
are you gonna make it probably great
gonna bandage myself up
what kind of bandages first-aid kits do
you gots what do you need i bandaged i'm
good you're good because uh we kind of
got to start running again great all
right bad enough
let's rock and roll this is great I
think like as our first game out we're
doing we're doing the circle mechanic
really needs work
well we were farting around no we just
need to pee I think you should start
losing health if you go ten minutes
about a kill maybe five maybe I'll go
down to five huh we got to keep it we
got to keep it moving I got to keep it
five minutes you show up on the map ten
minutes you start dying unless you get a
kill
gotta keep it moving gotta keep it
moving rich yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
high paced game got to keep those
constraints on the players what's the
point of having a large map if this is
how it works well so you can explore
different sides of the map every time
you two minutes after the game starts
ninety percent of the map is useless
yeah but then the next game you might be
in a different part of the map just have
less players in a smaller map I think it
works you know what I think it works
Rock
I mean we've made it to the top thirty
that's the game rich I know that's the
game I think it's a little bit flawed
I've had fun playing co-op with it I
still don't love it and I think there
were flaws oh sure absolutely like one
of these flaws is you know eventually
someone who's inside the circle is just
gonna be looking outside the circle and
see our dumbasses running towards it and
pick us off one by one and we will have
spent the entire game just fruitlessly
running yeah
oh we might make it we might make it to
this one
yeah and then we'll have to start
running again you get it you know how
this works
yes you know how this works motherfucker
gonna move this table a little closer to
me rode up there maybe somebody maybe a
car no hey we made it we're gonna make
it let's angle a little bit towards the
road maybe we can run into a car I'm
dead
probably shit shit shit shit wait where
where yeah I don't know hey let's find
out
yeah run run run until you get spotted
running to safety that's that's the game
oh my God look how far away they were
look at how far away they were
ah they didn't even have any scopes they
were just very far away
yep that's happened by the way is it
that's what it looks like that looks
like good shots people are saying this
hacking yeah no like they didn't hit me
with every shot reporter no that's I
mean that wasn't crazy right yeah they
were waiting they were just waiting for
people to run and they like look at look
at the area they caught us and I had no
defense
we will try a first-person match
how often do I shave my head sometimes
I'll go a couple weeks without and I'll
get like you know decent stubble and and
the ring around usually it's at least
once a week sometimes more if we have a
shoot because I usually shave right
before Scheuer if I don't shave the day
of it has to be the day before guys
gotta start being more offensive what
the fuck did you want us to do
hey rich you know and I think our
problem was rich you know all of us you
stayed in the outside the zone yeah and
look for people to kill why we were
slowly dying rich I think all those
people that we passed while we were
running we should have killed him don't
you think don't you don't you think
that's what we should have done
let's see here alright let's try a first
person a first person server that's what
we are gonna do I'm a little less
comfortable in first person but hey
we're gonna rock it rock it from the
socket which needs some more doom from
do it's just a first person mode just
makes me claustrophobic it's like a
horror game you're going you're going
through the oh you can even free look in
first-person mode hmm you can free
looking first-person mode as well that's
nice so you know keep running keep
running forward but then like looks
you're right with you punch no you
cannot get the audio feed from my game
for a slew of reasons like I guess like
you could get it from mine but then you
wouldn't be able to get it from rich and
then you also we wouldn't be able to
like here like subs and tips and stuff
like that oh we need to open up the
laptop for tips after this we'll open it
up and get the tips but I think what
will help like what will help both me
and rich like this game is if you guys
yell at us about it that's what I feel
all rich where we going here right there
that right there great I'm with you
I'm worth to tell me when you wanted me
to do one well I will will jump right
here okay right there now where's the
marker where's the mmmm
there we go here we go here we go doing
great
heading right to a farmhouse heading
right to a farmhouse we're gonna glide
right in shoot some motherfucker oh I
wanted to move the table closer oh well
we can do that again this is first
person I need to remember not to be
freaked out when you want to jump in the
first person all right I see you coming
I don't see anyone else oh my god yo
shotgun
I see you're coming in there's another
shotgun in here if you want something
quick there's a helmet we can only hear
rich a stream you should be the main
focus uh you know that's not a bad idea
that is not a bad idea there so take it
what I thought I put bullets in you
crowbar yeah
backpack animal for something all right
I'll take it I'll take it
I'm coming in time that's me I'm coming
in that's me all right
okay what is this what is this oh that's
a nice shirt I might want that shirt you
know what no I don't want to go I'm
naked that's what I want
go to this little red house Northwest
okay okay we're right at the line uu we
landed directly inside the circle so I'm
just heading outside the circle a little
bit
well I got a backpack that plane drop
off anything good
oh I'm inside man oh you're way over
there just a little bit I'm just a
little bit there's there's some stuff
over here and I'm still within well
within like running distance we're right
on the edge yeah yeah that's why I'm
just I'm just gonna check out these
houses which I can't imagine many people
are going to be looting because it's on
the outside and then we can always run
back real quick
this nice farmstead up here that I think
I want to check out what we got time I
think we have two minutes and we are
very very close so I think we have time
yes open the door and I I could use a
helmet I could use okay bulletproof
vests there's a helmet in this house
that I'm in the big red house
so far I have a shotgun we got our ak-47
over here okay nice
that's something are you taking you need
it do you want it if you have it if you
know if you're taking it you take it
okay well I got out you can have my old
machine gun here okay yeah I think I
prefer the a K though okay that's an
okay then I'll come to you we yeah sake
and what kind of ammo is that that's
yeah I'll take that
I think I have some shit for that
backpack right yeah
I'm taking this sub machine gun here but
there's a 12 gauge if you need a shotgun
I got a shotgun I have a shotgun
I was looking yeah cause we got we got a
boot scoot boogie in just a little bit
but I think we have time to explore the
rest of these houses over here which
houses up there kind of oh there's a big
one back here now we need to keep our
ears peeled absolutely tails
pills pills pills pills tails what tell
us what pills pills
oh I was seeing no time for your drug
addict problems backpack level - I would
take it I got it I got one
oh there's another one yeah oh shit
I put a marker with that backpack has
come back for it right where I'm at
right now
tomorrow right click on the map
well let's live a little bit office
where I'm standing now on the mini-map
okay I'm coming to you doing great all
right we should probably but I mean
we're oh hello this is what I won't this
is what I won't I want this yeah all
right if we can get ourselves a scope we
uh I got a red dot sight
wait no I'm using it yeah I don't worry
about that man if we can get ourselves a
scope we got the makings of something
what are you you'll do for now
oh yeah a little double to vest would
wear yeah Jack what are we doing huh
where are you what are we doing let's
head back to the circle yes I'm about
ready to do yeah into someone ran into
someone I'm down where are you I'm
outside somewhere I'm coming to you
coming to you got two of them coming in
coming in coming here thank you
it took me a while to realize that that
wasn't rich there was someone standing
in front of me and I was like that you
know like I thought it was you but then
it took me a while to realize that it
was not you all right I'm gonna steal
all this shit they have all right I need
healing items now here here's I just
dropped the first-aid kit at this guy oh
yeah okay thank you go oh for excope
boom boom all right great
yeah now we got a decent sniper
we got a a lot of good stuff right you
all healed up
take a moment heal up yeah yeah we got a
little bit of time then we got a we got
to go to the line I didn't even hear
those fuckers and they shit jack fuck
yeah yeah Jack thank you for saving my
ass you're you were clearly better at
this than I am you know what I just got
lucky
those guys were not paying attention I
was and I was gonna have fan attention
but I was paying more attention than
they were
so I'll take it I'm heading to this Hill
should be close enough at the white line
not on it actually we gotta get we're
almost out of time just look at them oh
yeah we don't we're gonna make it I'm
just we just made it which is nice yeah
let's get on to the top of this hill see
if we can see anybody I'm gonna go all
the way to the to the highest point
Oh sky take a look down see if we see
anybody I do not
great
just kind of heading down the hill a
little bit here yeah just just want a
greater area to see people you know
possibly catch some people sneaking out
of their house how far away I'll fuck we
are very far away
is that you yeah I'm behind you
you know is anybody over there I don't
think so yeah you wanna start heading a
little bit inwards yeah I'm just gonna
check out this area see if I can see a
car sometimes they have cars over here
damn it
yeah we should start heading yeah
heading in that go ahead a little
towards this little town over here to
see if if there's a car hanging out
because that would just probably people
and then our woods Jack yeah and I guess
then we'll just have to fucking take him
out well don't get too far away from
them okay I'm in a bush
it's alright nerd they'll never see me
I'm in a bush alright alright you just
went ahead you went ahead like straight
southeast sure we'll just kind of keep
an eye on that town over there and
see if anyone wants to start some shit
with us
there are you seven alive was there been
a bloodbath or there just less people
playing these days you know there could
have been a bloodbath
well that's 37 teams alive right or is
that people 37 alive oh okay it just
doesn't say team it just says 37 alive I
don't know man
could've been a bloodbath this is only
this is only what the where's my
goodness hey take it slow we're pretty
close yeah yeah
double check this little town over here
there's a motorcycle over there but yeah
we're we're close enough anybody else on
that hill
anybody coming from over there oh who
the 4x scope all right we can't see the
alive counter you hacks it's 35 deal
with it yeah if you all could just do
make it take some time later and move it
to the other side of the screen now fuck
it it's fine this is how it is people
get used to it something coming car
see it no where's it
now she said inside this circle here
maybe if we can get like over this Ridge
then I'll give some hive some high
ground to snipe some people oh yeah yeah
yeah oh here we go
I bet I bet you there's someone in that
house I bet you there's someone in that
house over there I'm gonna get behind
that rock and see if I can take him out
okay we are inside the circle so let's
see if we can fuck with some people you
watch my six watch it and you get that
six watch on oh there's even a bush by
the rock you're us you're unstoppable
now
oh the they have no idea the power I
have
I'm getting this other brush over here
do it get in the bush good in the bush
what is that oh it's a tree I thought
that was it I thought that wasn't our it
looked like a giant tower rising from
the sky I was like what is that tower
I've never seen that cuz it's a tree
because it's a tree rich I don't see
anybody but yeah let's just let's just
take our time over here see if anybody
passes by oh oh there's a dune buggy
over there straight east there's a dune
buggy like to the left of that house
yeah yellow nice yellow dune buggy see
them so that could be helpful but let's
just wait and after the the circle
closes again maybe so let's let's hang
out here this is nice and cozy and when
it's really close to the next circle
we'll go ahead for the dune buggy yeah
yeah we're gonna have to cross the
bridge so we'll need the dune buggy
actually do you want to get closer to
the dune buggy well no if someone goes
in I'm gonna shoot him I don't have the
range you have oh yeah well let's just
go let's just crawl towards the dune
buggy then see if anybody see if anyone
takes it see if there's any movement on
the buggy little dune buggy in the sand
little blue dune buggy I'm gonna head to
the little house a little a little Hut
there yeah yeah I got an eye on the big
houses
I've seen no movement on the big houses
carp
to here or do you see him I don't see
anything I hear it I'm driving away that
dune buggy's hours man that Tim bookies
fucking arse let's do it
a shotgun choke in this Hut if you want
or need it thank you
I'm let's quick clear out that house if
we can just to make sure no one's in
there all right then we're gonna do and
buggy and then you got it you got a
driver be the gunner cuz when we cross
that bridge some people are gonna want
to kill us
alright I'll Drive okay
who automatic shotgun in here I'm gonna
stick with my Ozzy and I do see but you
know submachine gun yeah do it stick
with it
checked you did a health pack uh no but
you don't need it you have one oh no I
don't have one
take it thank you I kind of owe you one
anyway
oh that's right you do shotgun if you go
to their house tell me we should stay -
oh sorry no I'm just I'm just doing
recon I'm picking up energy drink
that'll fill me up - max right yeah oh
shit
dune buggy so you're driving sure we
gotta cross the bridge so right yeah yep
I found the road or well the road yep
and father
while the road and take a road you know
ahead to that big old bridge and we're
gonna run into some resistance I am sure
of it
I catch him by surprise though cuz we're
outside the blue line oh shit what are
you doing where you going I got shot I'm
dead I'm down uh oh shit I shot you
instead of pressing the button and I am
very sorry I shot you instead of
pressing the button the the shoot button
is very near the the revive button and
that is my fault and I'm gonna have to
live with that I did that was a mistake
on my part and I'm very very sorry for
that and now I'm dead so it's it's my
it's fine it's um I didn't make it I
didn't make it much much further than
you my my
I smashed you button
is
right next to my pick you up
maybe maybe you want we think some of
those bindings I want to see the death
camp of the person who shot me though
you'll probably to see my death cam to
see that no let's show me why strongly
oh boy cuz you get team killed oh that's
right
because I killed you that's right let's
see your death cam I think they were
pretty far away I'm gonna guess they had
some nice scopes I believe they were
pretty far right yeah look at that they
were all the way on the other side of
the bridge I don't know they didn't even
have a nice coat
yeah one with a nice scoop hey sorry
about that rich once can be written off
twice as a trend that would know that
was just that was that was some nerves I
was I was getting excited we were making
it pretty far and I got really excited
and I accidentally hit I pull the
trigger button so let's try one more
just you and me all right all right
that was a cold-blooded execution it you
know it was that was embarrassing
watching your eyewear Eddie we're
looking at how kind of money I should
move them well
what move that off of the Deaf counter
or the living people alive counter yeah
should yeah if you want we a little bit
late right now we have 40 seconds yeah I
know none of time okay when we're
getting set up for letting people in the
Chatham I did before you got here hey
guys I have an interview for an IT job
at a very nice office near Wall Street
tomorrow any tips for the interview
what would be your dream job aside from
making money talking about movies stay
calm and tell them what they want to
hear yeah you just kind of got to figure
out what it is they they want to hear I
will work hard for you alright alright
Jack where do you want to go uh you know
you know me okay so the last time we
tried here and that didn't really work
out so well I think we went here last
time let's
no fuck it let's go here alright ready
wait uh and go it's like just dive bomb
it'sit's just a little bit off of where
we going I don't know I'm following you
at this point
great just follow me we're going to the
city we're going to the big barns that I
don't work cuz you know that's what we
need rich a little excitement
those big barns at the white tops that's
where I'm heading
alright so many people there's gonna be
a lot of people right here oh yeah
there's one
you know let's try to pivot let's pivot
let's pivot and get on this roof right
in front of that yes
they all right there's a motorcycle
right here
just fucking hop on it and I can get out
of town fuck it
just leave me fuck it fuck me like
everything leave me oh yeah I see you
you're in there I have an automatic
shotgun I'm not gonna shoot you rich I'm
not convinced that's fair
I'll be honest that's fair I deserve
that I deserve that and that's fair
there's a helmet up here what I need is
a gun of any kind there's a shotgun up
here shotgun up there yeah there's a
helmet down here I think I already have
a helmet this is me up here okay over
here yeah
Athena
oh wait wherever I thought I was here
with you over here oh okay all right
let's go um let's just fucking murder
some dudes yeah well I'm going to these
apartment complexes to the southeast
because we got to head that way anyway
and we only have three minutes so oh
there's stuff in here okay that's you
but other people huh but are there
people there might be people Beck Beck
pan that's you that's me that's me
that's me that's me that's that's scary
a hand coming see it's easy to shoot
your friend son of a bitch there's
another backpack oh where where where
where over here where I'm in that room
where I was
we got that home we might have to just
go and find a car drink because it's
getting to that point where if we don't
have a car we're gonna be running the
whole match all right so why don't we
can we do that you sure we're right by a
road so they're theoretically there's a
I passed a motorcycle on the way here
yeah we do people get on a motorcycle
yeah I can get in the back if someone
didn't already take it right here nice I
don't think I can shoot on the back of
the motorcycle but just going on yeah
yeah
yeah we'll just head you know if we see
another a better car stop for the better
car if not just go to that was that a
doom buddy we just best
what just happened I'm sorry what just
happened I think we've flipped over on
the bike
what's it what just happen happened it
was we just flipped over on the bike
this game was fucking game that wasn't
dune buggy Oh yep we just got run over
by our own bike we had helmets on we had
helmets all right let's take a moment
compose herself anyone who wants to play
with us let's say Oh Tammy I'm gonna
adjust with the the camera position I'm
sure at least the screen position
excellent
sure you do that apparently my uh my
vsync just wasn't on my vsync was not on
so there we go okay who would like to
join us okay join us you know maybe
we'll lay off the motorcycles for a
little bit I'll be right Jack's drunk
driving is the most dangerous part of
game that was rich driving oh wait I
haven't I've labeled rhonchi what I have
no that's right I just gotta not put it
under the little window so it doesn't
look like that's where it gets bad for
that shouldn't be in the way the
deathcounter right no no I should be
fine okay I should be fine okay the same
thing with this cuz that looks like it's
labeling the little screen right agree
done with you I'm with him great great
let's see what we got here
Boudreau 45 says had an RL M fan in my
theater loudly quoting rich during the
movie
very cool oh my god when confronted
claimed I paid for a ticket I can do
what I want
yeah can you discuss theatre etiquette
well the theater adequate etiquette
would be to be quiet during a film
unless you're laughing at it unless it's
so funny that you're laughing at him
yeah that person just sounds like an
entitled dickhead this is why I'm with
Mike about not mourning the dying off of
the theatres I'm just not warning this
it seems like for me it's gonna be fine
for me it's totally fine because when
you go to like the indie movie theater
it's everyone is respectful and just
pays attention right
it's just the big it just like the the
big theaters that all the masses go to
where people have the problems go to
your art house theater and everyone is
very respectful so
it's gonna be great the elderly's I did
have a guy I went to see I went to see
Coco this weekend which by the way is a
very good movie a really really solid
movie and there was a quite elderly
gentleman in the row in front of us who
was shouting at like not shouting at the
movie but like yelling at the movie in
kind of a hushed tone where he's like
what are you doing but don't go in
what's doing like yeah you could hear
him I try to talk to the characters and
that is actually the first time I've
ever encountered this it was a real-life
old person just going like obviously you
go that way man
no go that way he was like really trying
to guide the characters it was probably
starting to lose him he was surprised
certainly lose it a little bit is it
true people clap in American theatres
thumbs palm like what movie you're
saying like you're seeing a Star Wars
movie a Star Wars just makes people lose
their fucking minds for some reason all
those do dumb things you can Star Wars
I've clapped at the end of a good movie
but like in the middle of no not in the
middle okay like after the movies done
and I'm like hey that's a fine movie
I'll give a clap like in the middle of
the movie yeah I don't know maybe maybe
it's happened once or twice I don't know
what lightsaber that's exactly what I
did that's exactly what I did every time
every time a lightsaber came on I was
asked to leave by security sir you can't
just clap every time you see a
lightsaber but did you see the
lightsaber
alright the loyd beats says jack that
game i tweeted at you is drop mix it's a
card game by Harmonix where you play
cards that are different song elements
and the game seamlessly mixes them
together into hot jams
so fun it looked interesting I've
actually I've read a little bit about
drop mix it seems interesting it is
though it's another one of those
harmonics peripheral games where you
need to buy a thing to play the game and
so it's gonna be one of those things
that might be the hottest thing on the
planet for like a month and then
everyone's gonna forget about it like
they did for a rock band so but yeah it
looks looks very interesting loads it
almost looks like a like you you you put
these cards down on a little pad and
then mix notes and I'm a huge fan of
like guitar hero and rock band in fact I
still have guitar hero one and two for
ps2 and I love it some of my favorite
games but it died out pretty quick I
guess now rock band was around for years
afterwards guitar hero was awesome
guitar hero was one of my favorite games
I know you're not really rhythmically
inclined yeah but there was
showing up there for some it says you're
in team uh III think that Guitar Hero is
one of the most immersive games I have
ever played never have I felt you know
like cuz it blurs that line between like
I pressed a note at the right time
versus I press the note and I played the
note like it felt like he were playing
guitar whose great lovely sorry wrong
what we got here digsy deuces hey guys
love your streams what was the first
video game you ever played pac-man
possibly what possibly pac-man sure
quite possibly pong for me it could have
been like pong I like an old Atari or
something that was lying around the
house could have been I don't really
remember
that's so ruble my grandparents had pong
for four different versions of Kong and
I think I was playing that before I got
an NES yeah so yeah I'm gonna say pong
or one of those like little handheld
games that only had one game on them you
know yeah one of those like a mr. mr.
show and watch well I know for sure I
had played a game before there was such
a thing as an NES yeah yeah yeah yeah
there's no way it was an NES game could
have been could have been some horseshit
on the Atari 2600
oh sure
let's see here Hellcat striker says how
was your weekend been going I assume it
has been better oh yeah I assume it has
been better than if you were in Hawaii
did you hear about that no the people in
Hawaii got a heads up a missile is
coming warming oh that yeah how terrible
and it was just someone pressed the
wrong button by mistake
I really hope someone lost their job
right Jebus interesting day you Hawaii
that I'm hearing horror stories it's
just people like frantically like
calling loved ones been like it's got
we're done but you know I love you it's
like it's terrifying
just spit was it like like a half hour
of just sheer terror waiting yeah yeah I
mean the the only good news coming out
of that is like it was a false alarm
right but still you're just like I would
I went through a half-hour of Hell
motherfucker but it was long yeah yeah
yeah yeah
anyone genuinely fearing a nuke doesn't
understand reality someone making that
comment doesn't understand how many
close calls this world has had so
someone who made that comment has never
been in a close call themselves multiple
times we have come within a Harrow a
fucking nuclear Armageddon
wasn't though like that once it was like
the vote of one Russian submarine
captain not to launch when they had some
kind of systems malfunction oh yeah yeah
one man saved the world just Kadam we're
not doing it yeah he was in charge he
was one of the people in charge and they
had a vote you know like this is the
situation we're supposed to lost the
mission we've lost the contact here and
there there yeah
these thing not we're not going to admit
it and the world doesn't hurt but it
came really fucking close yeah
I just fuckin fuckin NORAD has had
system malfunctions hey I love I just
love I love the idea of like this person
whoever made that comment being like
what it what an armchair quarterback
they're just what a bunch of cowards oh
they thought missiles were coming that
would never happen no idea it doesn't
really get it it's just someone who has
apparently never been in a situation
more dire than running out of milk
you know like alright and let's see here
oboe drove 45 says thanks for answering
my theater adequate adequate question I
meant more along the lines of how to
tell people to chill needed to be more
clear Oh like how would he tell like you
asked them nicely if he said if that
person says what they say then you go
see a manager go see a theater manager
at leasts you can get like a free ticket
because that's you know you can tell
that theater manager like this dickhead
was talking throughout the entire strip
stream was talking throughout the entire
movie completely ruined my time and
you'll get a free movie pass or they'll
kick that person out because they can do
that so that's you ask politely first
then go see a manager
all right so John let's people are we
mean we have one more I have one more
tip to get through then we will invite
some people into our game this Jack has
talking through the whole stream I eco
kendo or Ito kendo says out of all my
favorite highly recommended movies which
out of all of your favorite highly
recommended movies which is the oldest
my dad's been trying to get me into
classic Hollywood with mixed results
it's a wonderful life all right
that's probably the oldest for me that's
that's decent that's a decent answer I
don't know if I have a proper answer to
that besides some of the original
Godzilla movies just cuz I think they're
fun and weird you're pretty old oh here
okay here's my real answer yeah I have a
real answer Charlie Chaplin movies yeah
I haven't seen many trailers
you know as some of them are hard to
watch obviously they're silent arrow
movies sure sure but especially if you
are aspiring to be a writer a comedian
anyone who's interested in timing those
movies like Charlie Chaplin and and Oh
God who's the other guy
Buster Keaton thank you the Charlie Chan
watch old Charlie Chaplin and Buster
Keaton movie Xand how they were able to
express ideas with very few words and
perfect comedic timing so all that
Chaplin Buster Keaton stuff dr.
Strangelove mm that's not comparatively
old but relatively speaking relatively
speaking that's pretty all right new
invites people I'm gonna use the
restroom oh okay
all right we're gonna do groups of four
groups of four let's see who we got here
I actually have no idea
I assume it's for two no we got here who
we got who haven't I seen before seen
before
you want to join and what about you Burt
Zilla you want to join my team you watch
an in-stream are you just a random
friend who's playing all right there you
go
hey everybody
Groucho Marx was was greatly Groucho
Marx those Marx Brothers movies also
there's so many so many old comedy
movies that I think people are gonna
forget about I think people are gonna
forget about Stooges they're gonna
forget about the Marx Brothers we're
gonna forget about Buster Keaton Charlie
Chaplin
but watch him the great
Abbott and Costello you know like I was
more into Marx Brothers than either
loora loora and Hardy or Abbott and
Costello or Amos and Andy like Marx
Brothers were was more my jam so

[Part II]
but will they forget about Dre probably
not
now that Apple bought beats by dre and
he has a daily radio station I can't
imagine that anyone is going to forget
about Dre
anytime soon first play first person
server sure we'll give that a try again
that's seem to work out except for you
know when we all died
pickle with no salt I can tell you that
project Hornet is not a running gag I
know it may seem like that because you
know we don't talk about it but right
that's the thing if it is not a running
gag that's that's what I can assure you
people are working on project Hornet
Tupman top top men all right we got our
group no I'm going first person you can
do what you want yeah I would first
person hi ready all right do we have
microphones everyone oh you know no all
right all right
you watch your hands rich well I'm
watching them right now but I think I
mean did you wash them and always
arguably compulsively have you have you
ever like been in that situation where
you just clearly watch someone leave the
men's room without watching washing
their hands and you just want to go what
the fuck dude you were just touching you
junk
I usually don't pay that much attention
to what other people are doing in the
men's room I do my own thing and I get
out well sure but you know like a lot of
times like I'll be washing my hands and
I'll see someone you know in the corner
of my eye at the urinal and then they'll
just walk right out you just go what the
fuck man see me I'll just I'll just lift
the lid to the garbage can and I'll feel
the need to wash that hand sure sure
me but hey Burt Zilla hey rich but ready
up I'm Oh
you two birds illa let's go
apparently I think twice in a room there
we go I'm ready after I read it
what if it's clean junk it unless you
just came out of a shower it's not that
clean
your hands are touching your junk don't
you do it
oh desert map no matter what wash your
hands after every time you go to the
bathroom every time whoa whoa I'm in a
prison okay that's prison that's great
that's great I'm gonna go to jail
I had a Dead Rising moment I went to go
pick up this two-by-four
can't get out of the tiny window this
person likes Mexican wrestlers alright
alright where are we going
hey do you guys have microphones is our
microphone on at this point I'm assuming
they don't would have heard something
and I don't think our microphones are on
oh you might have muted your voice why
would I have for me yes Mic Check
ok ok good and no I'm not muted because
I can see a little talkie icon when I
talk Jack okay well let's go uh say when
to jump ok ready 3 up 2 1 go where are
you at where are you at oh shit you're
all the way over there I'll put a thing
in the map
Jack you're a ways away from everybody
else so I'm just landing here with our
teammates okay where are you guys
we're heading to the big town okay I'm
right I turned around I'm gonna be with
you I'm with you I'm right behind you
I'm with the team all right I'm a team
player
also for anyone else who wants to join
us later on try to have a microphone
it's much better if we can talk to each
other I'm in here you're okay you're not
too far I'm checking upstairs I have a
handgun med kit back hip level back back
back level one do you already have I got
a spare backpack upstairs we're at my
location I'm coming back
great great shots fired gloves
yes oh there's a police fest in here
spare one yes nice nice nice whoa whoa
Oh we're inside the circle all right
there is just what are you doing over
there I don't know I don't know the
three of us are all close together and
that's good one person went off I don't
know should we go hunting for people to
kill here or what no we need to well
yeah we need stuff more than anything
what do you need a gun that's not a
handgun okay okay
that's what on yeah Jack where you at
done done stairs here Oh helmet nice oh
here we go Luzi did you give that to me
as know you found something though so
I'm gonna keep mine I got I got an Uzi
and a take a alright I'll take an Uzi
well a submachine gun I don't think it's
a it's not an Uzi what it's a micro uzi
I have a micro Z all right so what's the
plan
let's go meet up with okay what what's
his name
Cathy oh boy okay let's be a group let's
be a team taking point what I'm taking
point are you Oh were you I thought you
guys are fun with me the fuck's sake
okay we're following you okay what's the
plan now rich oh no I'm not fucking
later I don't know what the fuck I'm
doing I thought you said you were taking
point and point that's not leading
that's just being in front okay let's go
to this building and check it out listen
uh not leading that's being informed
that's my point is
let's see if there's anything in here we
have okay yeah yeah basically we're
inside the circle so we need to take
this opportunity to find the good shit
you know extended mag yeah all right all
right where's everyone else
they're spreading out we're spreading
out they're off doing their own thing I
don't know I don't know why we're
spreading out all right let's go let's
go east
all right we're going east let's go
let's go this way let's keep exploring
the city looking for people to kill
where's everyone else before we go off
exploring without everyone Jack where's
everyone else no no everyone else is
still oh my god what it's fine
oh my god it's fine
Burt zilla's they're all right here hey
everything's fine got a suppressor for
my handgun that's not oh okay thank you
all right the soccer field here where's
uh what's happening to birds illa bird
Dilip Oh yep moving out we're moving out
I think Bert Zilla has AF Cadis I think
Bert Zilla had to go yeah and we are now
yeah we are now a group of three ah okay
you know that happens I'll take it
yeah take it but I don't think it's a
good time to play around with it so I'm
who's that correctly news we're not here
is that a usable where said no probably
not
no the military ones not okay let's
check out this big building see if
anyone's in here oh hello I want you
Scarl
look like a good gun you look like a gun
that I can shoot people with I like that
I like that about you
there's a medkit over here level two
vests you Inc you want a med kit sure
take a med kit what's the suppressor a
suppressor for my scar roll nice and a
2x all rich yeah yeah I don't all right
no one's staying together I think we're
all oh but I think I think our blue
friend got killed
yeah Bert Zilla guy killed them
cathode ray is not talking to us that's
fine that's fine but is it
oh this looks like a fortified area
maybe we can get on the top of this
building how in the circle are we weird
like in the circle we are in the circle
my friend let's let's stay in here let's
look at this place and then get on the
roof
and then we can be kings of the roof
you and your roofs yeah go to bottom
it's gonna be the death of you someday
jack it's gonna be we're gonna oh oh we
can climb on these things looking get up
here get up here get up yeah yeah yeah
what's up here
oh I love it up here that's to be oh
yeah oh fuck yeah this year there's all
sorts of good Oh what's this like a
child that's a fish it's a fancy med
good let's be up here let's be up here
and then when people come in here we'll
shoot their asses this is the plan we're
gonna be up here and then when people
come in here loot we're gonna shoot them
from up above and we're gonna have the
high ground oh it's gonna be so great
they won't know what fucking hit them
this is the plan this is a great plan
you're welcome for this plan oh and
there's people outside - how far outside
we mean you saw something no I hear I
hear gunshots you know you're all the
gunshots
this is the plan shoot their head so
they can't think no more that's a great
plan there's there's someone like just
shooting up a storm
look at that this is gonna be great
they're gonna come in here they're gonna
think they're gonna think they got the
high ground and then we're gonna just
we're gonna light them up rich we're
gonna light them the fuck up they won't
know what's up they're out there
shooting each other like a bunch of
assholes there's a bunch of people to
like our West Northwest area
yeah sounds like it's coming almost
northeast to me and we're east you think
I'm thinking it's coming from the
opposite direction
what was that was that me I don't know
what it was that was me I shot that I
have no idea how I shot that I'll be
honest with you I think I don't think it
was on Jack you'd be crazy Jack I don't
think my finger was on the mouse you you
be crazy
well we're still in the circle so yeah
this might not be the most exciting play
but it kind of works you know 22:45 my
hand goes 45 my jerky motions make you
seasick huh worry about that you just
keep an eye on that door
I also get on the roof well you know I
don't know if we can get on the roof in
here but this is roof enough we have the
high ground we have you know we have a
strategic advantage Jack you're keeping
an eye that far east entrance the the
north entrance I don't think well
there's there's two North yeah and then
I can't see any I'm looking at the one
to the left and a little door yeah I
can't see any eastern Lee entrances from
where I am but I have a decent shot out
at the the two big doors there's
cathode-ray just hanging out with us
that's great
how you doing cathode thanks for joining
us thanks for being part of our team
team sit still a team you know team were
still alive oh I understand
oh hello ready what's gonna happen oh I
see a motorcycle there's a motorcycle
there's a motorcycle to the north oh is
that it yeah
is he still moving yeah he's still
moving do you see him no okay his
motorcycle stopped his motorcycle miss
stopped I shot the railing and not him I
had a decent shot but I shot the railing
somebody's dying out there somebody's
dying out there
39 alive it's a lot of people to kill
should go after those shots should we I
don't think we should cuz they'll come
in here looking for shit yeah I think
they're beyond looking for shed or
looking for cover
either way possibly either way doo doo
doo doo outside his death inside his
death
everything is death oh and now we're in
the red zone so we're definitely staying
in here so someone might definitely come
in here to get away from the bombs who's
it gonna be it might be us
there's cathode ray don't shoot him I'll
try not to
but you usually usually not successful
at that well you know he's right there
rich you see him he's in my crosshair I
could just do it once I could just shoot
him once don't think anyone's gonna come
in they might not yeah that's fine we're
still alive right all right let's do it
all right so we are we moving on I'm
moving on
circles closing circles closing we got
to close with it man
starting to think that cathode ray is
not a team player
you figured that out that I did
Parrish
is that cathode ray shooting probably oh
oh you're shooting it then someone shoot
that at me I think where's that coming
from
that was me I was trying to shoot at
their car passing just to see if I get
one of those crazy lucky long shots Jack
sent us is it a car where no that's a
little house I think there is a truck
over there cathode ray is heading
directly towards a truck I don't know if
we want a truck because looks like a
working draw too close to the line but
you know maybe we do
yeah
fuck it why not looks like he's got an
idea
alright cathode we're with you oh don't
run me over please thank you
shit
someone shooting at us yep
shit
shit
everything's fine the joy of trucks
right if we can find a place with some
decent cover it won't be it won't be all
for naught you know hope they're rich
rich they're all right
is that all of us yep
let's see where were they whoa
just arrange let's see what's happening
over here how did you kill us nice scope
Oh dissen a shit that's fair that's fair
there's just a nice shot that's fine we
have that God guile we have a holding
right click Oh Amos
hey Bert Zilla there's no way to change
it we have to hold down the aim rather
than tap I keep holding it down and I
don't go into the sights mode well if
you hold it down it just kind of focus
focus as you're away where it just takes
me to straighten the sights you can
probably change that in your how do we
do this how do we uh all right you guys
Burt Zilla and cathode ray you got a
dropout we need new people thank you for
playing with us oh yeah I'll just leave
team by II
all right you sending me uh yeah another
thing of a jig I'll send you another one
in just a second you come here
oh there's epitaxy a tepid ox is
insteresting ram and van Duren you guys
come and join us epitaxy and veined rims
we need new victims we need we needs you
know some people with microphones would
be nice
there's van dreams come on up a duck's
right click join us yeah yeah all right
now we got a team
should be in there
control game points on the prune it
directs toggle camera no that's not it
probably aim hold what's on hold
why is it toggling I don't know
oh you probably looking for 80 80s you
want holds okay
Oh aim-down-sights that makes sense yeah
hi
let's do this I don't think pipes is
available Debbie Harry and we don't have
pipes to carry us here we we got epitaxy
we got vans rinth and we got me and we
got rich and that's the best we can do
that's all you can hope for I'm gonna
light some people on fire I'm gonna
throw some smoke down then we're gonna
throw a grenade yeah I'll tell me first
thing I want to put xsplit back on
Saturday you don't do what let's play
this oh yeah
hey evidence van Rijn microphone Hey
yeah yeah we need people's microphone so
we can talk to you guys so we can come
up with plans that will eventually fail
anyway but it's nice to talk about gonna
win before they fail you know I'm Sam we
got this guy's ear right here all right
where are we going let's go let's go
into the quarry okay
okay into the Deaf chord jump as soon as
you can go into deathcore go go go go
death quarry is that the kind of patch
of land erm yeah yeah yeah what up
that's not why I got a head shot
I don't think van drew oh now that's you
I don't think van Rijn oh wait van Duren
are you talking yep are you talking that
I am I don't hear me i I do oh you do
yeah oh that's right cuz I haven't
turned off so I don't hear you
do you want to change that so you can
hear what other people are saying I do
want to change that not at this moment
though cuz we got we got shit to do I
think we're alone for now
I I'm coming down to you guys I got an
auto shotgun and then it's approximately
hit at the moment there's an extra P 92
in this house come in shitload of
pistols if anybody wants fricking
pistols I'll take the animal a lot of
pistols
are we in the circle we are in the
circle oh we have some that's great
that's great I'm gonna come down by you
and then I'm gonna change my settings
that's my plan hey I could use something
better than a pistol we got we got time
we're in the circle pick well there's a
house east can go check it out
to change my audio settings only team
now I should be able to hear you guys
hey hi anybody need a med kit
it's a med kit up in this crepe
I got no backpack to carry it though I'm
full it's so not what I what I need to
know now is how I can mute just rich
because I'm hearing myself talking about
a half-ass I'm getting some fucked up
feedback myself
yeah oh that song get in the house
if anyone eventually gets an assault
rifle I have a bunch of mods for it okay
okay there's another bag on the roof of
the house how can I mute just rich I
don't think you can son of a bitch
Peppa docks do you have an m4 16
all right well then I just um I just
went back to muting everything I just
went back to meeting everyone okay
that's probably a terrible idea
well everyone was complaining about
getting feedback okay I would rather you
know you're just gonna have to guide me
you're gonna have to be be my ears and
there's a police vest in this Shack
Fenny one needs one yeah I could use one
now oh you got a car which Shack this
this one right here I'm gonna go with
that potox and check out that other
house oh there's a car right here yep
just in case we need a car
this is a tree growing in the carp you
know nature as they do I got a shotgun
and a pistol so somebody sees an extra
salt rifle lying around and you don't
need one
I could use it yeah we gotta go look for
some more shit if we had let's let's get
in the car go somewhere okay let's head
to another house but if somebody does
find an m416 I have a foregrip a stock
and a site
um where do we want to go oh wherever
where I I don't know we're in the circle
right the the the world is our oyster
okay here's a search this area yeah yeah
don't mind me but amble well I got an
m16
oh wow that's something finally I've got
a scope
I got a 4x scope oh yeah okay okay well
you got sure sure
good thermoscope oh yeah okay
all right so are we gonna camp out here
for bid are we heading elsewhere or what
we did camping last one let's roll out
Autobots
yeah it's select together an assault
rifle okay rich what are they saying
they wanted assault rifle I'll be honest
you're probably a better shot than me do
you want mine no I keep it to keep it 3
okay that's the same jacket
wait is that us yeah it says yeah we're
moving all right I'm on my way there if
I can finally egress to this damn place
what Oh for fuck sake hold on I'm on the
way oh no I'm I'm just gonna keep this
no way out of this house there we go
I'm not gonna shoot you I'm just gonna
aim at you I don't believe you
just aiming at Jewish
and everything's gonna be fine
I got an Uzi here if somebody wants it
what a newsy it's right where I'm at
Jack okay
I had like Newsies and I have a ton of
9-millimeter
who's yet I'm in the other building from
you I'm the great I'm the why don't I
what color I am for you I'm the green
blip yeah Green Home Coming mask
I'm coming far new Z I'm gonna be a
close-up fighter
all right I've been unfortunate right
now right there Jack nice fuckin nice
you can have a red dot sight with you
you can have that you can have that you
can have a suppressor shit yeah they're
gonna be silent but deadly
what is wrong with us what is wrong with
all of us with all of us us so many so
many things is what is wrong with us
yeah
an extended mag or quick-draw mag what's
the hook dry bag do I think it makes
your because then you get more bullet
tomorrow you know more Ratatat man you
want that more Ratatat we have a 2x
scope up here for anyone who needs it 2x
cope if anyone has a handle for an Uzi
that'd be helpful
I put anything in you know alright
that's great
ooh big medkit big medkit hello so we
gonna walk I don't know what's this Bo's
yeah it is pretty close and the car
seems to attract a lot of attention yep
we're gonna ditch your car I say we walk
okay oh whoa where did I get this no
that's just my shotgun everything's fine
everything's fine
running in the woods running in the
woods I hear we are rich we are it's
it's it's now or never it's do or die
let's get here we are born to four and
here the princes what's in there for EM
for Jack you need an informant yeah I
don't know what it is but I'll give it a
shot hold on Jack oh yeah he can't hear
me yeah uh you know what that might work
better than my what do I want to give up
if I'm gonna give up my micro uzi well
mm-hmm
yeah I'm gonna give up my micro uzi that
makes sense I already have one for
close-up
I've already have one for close-up
badassery you know you guys all left I'm
I think everyone's moving out of this
next house I'm coming the house appears
okay okay
they're talking I don't know what
they're saying yeah well this house
might be looted up here is what they're
saying
oh okay so there could be people have
been around here what's not are six Jack
our six seems to be clear all right
it appears as if our six is clear does
Jack need Isco for a salt rifle Jack do
you need a scope for your assault rifle
I do need a scope he does he does indeed
actually I got a I got a spare 2x cuz I
got a 4x on mine if anybody wants to X
wait on someone where'd that come from
does anybody see it I think it's West
behind us don't load we came north
coming from the northwest yep they're
running away they're going away they're
north they're just stay here for now all
right
okay who's has scopes what's going on I
got a I got a 2x scope if you need one
Jack yeah that'd be nice I'll give it to
you inside the house not out in the open
where were where died instantly land is
sure sure there you go hope they're
coming back someone's at the door rich
yeah
spectate see what epitaxy is up to you
like gotcha
going going don't do anything rich I
thought they were on the other side of
the house how do you change who your
spectating I want to go around to turn
out they were behind us cereal they go
your van Duren thumb up at other states
I got plenty on my body okay go take
them
shit
I'm just gonna take the painkillers and
stuff
I think this is a Jacke reference rich
on tonight's Star Trek Discovery there's
a planet named Harlech okay that's very
strange
yeah that's a very interesting
coincidence it could be a reference to
me yeah sure why not I can't imagine
that people know who I somebody involve
what Star Trek would be familiar with
red letter media but be familiar enough
with us where they know what my online
nickname is you know
that would be a level it was necessary
that would be possible impossible but it
was slightly unbelievable oh I have a
really great med pack on my body inside
the house by the way a really great med
pack on my body that's inside the house
one of those killer med packs that one
yep Pepa Doc's got it epitaxy got it all
right let's move yes I know this isn't
my type of game chef I got seven first
dates and you know you know what would
that mean this time what killed me is I
shot my shotgun once yeah and then as a
twitch reflex something I do very often
in something like overwatch I hit the
reload button right away after one shot
fired just so I could have that full and
while I was reloading someone came in
and so that was my mistake because that
like that's a no that's an overwatch
habit of mine it's just like you fire a
couple bullets hit that reload as soon
as you can just to get your to make sure
you have a full clip in but say I
enjoyed this game well enough with other
people it's a fine social experience it
makes for good stream I think so
no and you know you just I don't have
much experience at
player shooting and you don't have to
like this game I'm not saying like it's
the greatest game ever made I just it's
it is an experience that I do enjoy even
though you can die quickly and suddenly
how do I play with you you have to be my
Steam friend I believe because I'm the
or Rich's steam friend if you have pub G
add me on Steam I'll go I'll go through
and add some friends after after a round
or two first-person mouth shooter I
thought you loved doom alright this is a
very different beast from doom oh my god
despite the superficial similarities of
being first person at a shooter is a
very different beast yes yep that is
that is very very true this is one of us
simulation do miss totally educate what
I need to figure out I need to figure
out a way in which I need to figure out
a way in which I can listen to our
teammates but not hear us if there's a
way I could just mute you and this right
now you got time chat help me out here B
you need to be my you need to be my
collective knowledge based chat while we
look into this settings sound oh this is
the house man Jackie one doom is power
fantasy pub G is powerless in this
fantasy yes yes this is survival do doom
is you're the big bad boss I freely
admit I prefer my shooters to be power
fantasies right when you kick the ass
fuck look at the next circle of course
who doesn't look damn it we have to go
cross this fucking bridge what is it
what is the knowledge base saying is is
there a way to just mute one player
should we get it car and try to drive
through it you didn't look for a boat
oh yeah yeah let's do that let's go to
the coast or else I hear me
thief games are the anti power fantasy
yeah but they're not shooters the thief
games set a boat I think push-to-talk
then you can have chat on and then just
talk through me Oh pop Oh pop that is a
guy 250 there's gotta be more first
dating well you're you only coming from
anyway right right I guess I could just
do push-to-talk it'll make it harder to
you know Kate whatever then but there's
another one at the house what if I did
push the talk sure
and then what's your push to what's your
push-to-talk button that's the question
that's that's a whole other thing
okay so find your push-to-talk bugs uh I
use that for Sprint's I'm gonna use the
method yeah worse than here in this
I'm still getting the feedback but I'm
using push-to-talk you're getting a
feedback yep
weird all right well then no then we
just can't I'll find another way I'm
gonna make it there if you can get to me
yeah okay so now you have no feedback
I'm not it's intermix
so I'm not currently hearing it oh oh so
close guys so close why don't you change
are we all dead yeah okay why don't you
change your push-to-talk back - all talk
but I'm not getting I'm not hearing the
feedback now right but you'll just want
to talk to them now yeah all right
no how do we fix the squeal I fixed it
on my end you fix it on your in yeah all
right so so put your - always yeah put
yours - always all right
I put mind always great let's let's give
this one more try with all of us okay
Peppa docks and mandarins have
microphones you've earned a second round
because you have microphones I should
probably bow out because I know I know
I'm terrible at this
that's not it's fine it's fine I own a
store fun this way rich
let's go we're already
let me teach you how to play bro I'm I'm
just I'm not that interested
also anyone who uses the word bro
seriously like can we just see you know
I can't ready for some reason
my check is checked but hold on for a
second I know I appear to be checked I'm
cancelling team's canceling teams okay
okay
mine wasn't working for some reason
all right Andrian epitaxy rich like I
could learn to play this yeah or I can
go home and I could keep working on my
Dead Rising seven-day survivor run yeah
you know either way all right
I have it Shh am i ready or not yeah
what is happening I'm gonna quit the
game and come back we invite me I'm
gonna do the same thing I'm gonna do the
same thing rich take a little moment
except a couple of new friends except
except except nobody cares rich then why
are you watching then why are you
watching man then why are you watching
look I didn't say Pub G is a piece of
shit all right rich why you always
saying the pub G's a piece of shit
that's all I ever hear out of your mouth
all right hey
yeah proper check Martin Allen's okay
great
now I think epitaxy
yeah gone yeah yeah so we'll need a new
a new teammate about you Louis Louie
Verde gonna join our team there we go
he was our new team now I got a I got a
check here we go
we started your get well we'll get you
another time at the docks tomorrow we'll
get you another time all right Louis
very day you got to hit you ready check
and let's rock and roll let's do this
oh man hopefully I was in first person I
forgot to click that
we might be in third person that's fine
that's fine yeah it's fine somewhere in
third person we are we're in third
person whatever whatever man I'm so
sorry man I'm so fucking sorry man
any we need to do it man fucked up
fucked up bad man yeah I'm gonna go
these stairs and punch punch punch punch
punch punch all right all right where
are we going where we going where's the
plane oh I know what I can do rich what
no that's a terrible idea never mind
someone pick where we're going I can't
hear you so you just gotta choose the
spot and I'll and I'll follow all right
here
dead center great that's perfect I was
good tell me when to jump now
great great what was the terrible game
three two one grenades yes that was the
terrible game that was a terrible
terrible game that was a not fun game at
all all right what are we heading
towards rich one of these buildings up
here great perfect rock and roll we got
a whole town ahead of us I'm just gonna
start at this little area up front I
like it
I like it
Sten one behind us no no yeah there's
there's a couple people that are coming
to this exact same spot
big old all of those people are us that
it's fine
oh no no there's not big group of people
who are not us who are going there all
right shit they're tourists Ellis we run
faster then let's go they landed a
little bit sooner here I'm heading to
these little houses here maybe I'll find
a weapon quick okay do it find it shit
shit shit shit shit shit shit tell me
Jack your second shit shit serpentine
serpentine serpentine I've got an m16
Church here I beat someone to death yeah
yeah great
right here right here
you beat somebody plant 5060 like real
it took him up yeah they're on the
ground crawling around Oh beat it hit
more punch him I got him I gotta go
there's the groom was filled with smoke
I literally I could not see him now I
kind of desperately need healing sure
of and rinse down down or dead dead
I got one that was me I think they're
shooting at you
who's shooting me they got me he just
picked up the m16 so watch out for well
fuck me how many of them did we get
there's one right there
yeah yeah he likely has my gear I have
no weapons grenade I'm rich you got this
I don't think I have anything I don't
have a grade or anything you already
pushed a guy to death oh yeah but I got
no health I can't survive that again I
need to find a weapon and shoot him in
the fucking back
I'm behind him I don't think he sees me
he doesn't know I'm here
yeah yeah well
Jack you're it huh I have killed three
people I'm in how many people came here
if you killed three a whole shit done
well it's got to be two teams cuz there
was two at the beginning Jack killed
three and then one killed rich Jesus
Christ I think he's trying to go around
you
why did rich move towards him because
one I if I couldn't find a weapon I've
heard maybe maybe he was already low on
health from a firefight and I could try
and punch him in the frickin back and
maybe that would do it so legitimate
strategy yeah
more people check again
you're rocking two shotguns no a shotgun
an Uzi I got like nothing
I think yet a sawed-off in there - oh he
does have it the sawed-off can replace
your handgun that's neat automatic check
there's something good there you go
fella mommy go ahead and fill them up oh
they're saying that the sawed-off I
forget you can't hear can be used as a
sidearm yeah I didn't know that that's
neat where's the circle jack I'm inside
it you're inside it okay I'm inside it I
I uh shit I got I got I got shit guy guy
kind of shit weapons there's a lot of
dead people around here where did you
guys die did you have anything good did
you have any good weapons I didn't I'm
16 they might have taken it though I
think you can see our bodies
on the mini-map I'm just gonna go check
out this area over here
you can see their body something you see
where they fell
and they said they had stuff you could
take hey I keep forgetting I have to
relay messages oh I'm gonna loot your
guys's body
don't you worry I I've got nothing I'm
the one the one that's over on the right
I got I got literally nuttin I should
give Jack the headphones that make sense
oh sure hold on give me a second all
right
well it's like but now I'm like because
these headphones like now I have
headphones on top of my headphones hey
guys can you hear me yes sir I it's like
it doesn't super matter because uh you
know you're dead but I guess you know
you're here motivation exactly you can
uh you can give me some hints yeah
besides our bodies there's maybe like at
least three people in that area dead
bodies nice yeah we'll see if we can
find anything fun like I just want a
grenade I found a good on are there
all the shotgun ammo I could ever ask
for
backpack level two all right all right
well cool it's just you know it's always
exciting for me whenever I get to kill
someone on stream to prove I'm not
entirely incompetent that's what I like
is just like see guys I'm not always
terrible sometimes I even do good that's
fine I know this game is not my bag and
I'm fine with that
I really am
this is a really bad idea but I'm gonna
head over to that giant building over
there
well I'm sure people already are but
maybe I can get some sloppy seconds
that's where that's all I'm hoping for
here I have no long ranged weapons
whatsoever so I gotta fight it quick and
dirty see if there's anything up here oh
hello giant building that's up here I
think I think Jack prefers a third
person rather than first I do I do
prefer a third person I like having the
larger field of view
look bag extended mag nice all the
shotgun shells oh my god I do have the
sawed-off still actually I do have this
out if I didn't even realize that I had
it
oh wait I think that's an Uzi handle
that yeah thanks did you put it on you
see I did put it on my uz go that way
but this stuff is on this area is
unlooted so so I'm gonna just hang out
here and loot for one hot minute
remember
all right jack remember the last tip you
read was ah maybe okay name a few and
maybe I can know maybe I'll I'll tell
you
how's your weekend going I assume I read
that in Hawaii okay yep thanks for
answering my theatre etiquette when he
read that one him it finally happened
I'm sick of Star Wars okay I didn't read
that one okay jiggy puff says it finally
happened I'm sick of Star Wars thank you
I guess
why nothing I did Star Wars made you
sick of Star right I don't have that
kind of power no one would want that
much power
some of Jonah says Jane um not sure how
that's pronounced ji na hey Jack hi it
was fun playing overwatch with you last
month storm Templar yeah did you know
that a recent study showed that people's
brains cannot differentiate real-life
friends and TV show characters yay yeah
I'm not sure I don't think that's
everybody but there's there's always
been crazy people out there who's that
guy that killed people because he wanted
to impress Jodie Foster right wasn't
that a famous one he wanted to impress
Jodie Foster's nobody killed himself
I think it's currently in jail no no
didn't he like attempt to assassinate a
president or something yes yeah that was
what it was because he wanted Jodie
Foster to notice that Hinckley was it I
don't know nothing about nothing man and
that my sink Lee cool that sounds like a
hate that's total Hinkley move 100%
Hinkley yeah the guy who shot Reagan who
was not dead he's not dead no he's just
in jail yeah because he's a crazy crazy
cool great
I think there's been debate about
letting him out because they say he's
somewhat healthier than he used to be
but I don't I don't think that's gonna
happen
it's very likely someone in here right
they just let him out they just let him
is that true Wow get in well he didn't
kill anyone
oh just attempted murder though that
might not entirely be true I mean at the
time I think everyone survived the
shooting but I think in the last decade
or so somebody eventually succumbed to
like succumbed to complications from the
injury of big shot oh really
like the Senators or people who was shot
with Reagan Oh weird and so you got
something like you know 30 years after
the fact he gets a murder charge
sure well that was the case with Charles
Whitman the Texas tower that's right
that's right like 15 years ago now
somebody who was injured like you know
shot in the kidney they you know we're
on dialysis or something for years and
they they just got sick of they stopped
treatment and they died and then Charles
Whitman he got another notch on his belt
even though it was like you know 50
years later or whatever 40 years later
what do you shot Reagan if he knew Jodie
Foster was a lesbian no because we're
talking about a crazy person who is not
like by definition someone who was not
reasonable oh right even if he knew
Jodie Foster was a lesbian he's probably
still would've shot Reagan to impress
Jodie Foster because yeah because that
was his in his head I don't even know if
it was like a relationship with Jodie
Foster I just think he like wanted to
meet her or something you know like it
wasn't even a will you be my girlfriend
it was a creepy kind of love
next rocking up the charts we have
creepy kind of love boom boom down bow
back away from me creepy girl of some
objects creepy there's someone on the
other side of these rocks I'm spectating
Jack does it really matter here there
you go there you go alright umm leftover
beefcake says what is this I heard on
Twitter that there won't be any more
prereq reviews shocked face emoji
what is this jack I have no idea where
you're talking about okay nobody has any
idea what you're talking about
it's my fault that Jack wanted to do
somewhat recently Okami do it and I
squash that as I say you've squashed you
squash to the last like eight that's a
large exaggerate that is a large
exaggeration you've squashed a fair
number recently and so I've just kind of
been waiting for rich to be in the mood
okay and you know
what's going on this might not happen it
might happen we don't know what's going
up huh what's coming up oh okay please
don't go away the ads aren't
disappearing Jack it's kind of
I can't hear you I have two headphones
in my ears I have earbuds and a pair of
headphones on over my earbuds which is
kind of ridiculous it's oh yeah it's
earphone strats and so I can't hear
anything you're saying because I have a
that's that's fine or Tamizh this is
rich catch any awesome games done quick
the zone the link to the past
randomizer run seem like your kind of
thing Jack opinions edward zwick next
watch blurry and last summary I'm Jack
any thoughts on Edwards me
Jack what do you have any thoughts on
edward zwick director edward zwick I
don't know who that is
Jack doesn't know who that is and I
caught bits and pieces have awesome
games done quick this I guess they kind
of do it twice here I was gonna say this
year but they got the summer version I
didn't say that particular Zelda run
though ok Huff Hardin says good evening
to celebrate me losing 20 pounds I would
like to send you some local ice cream
what is your favorite flavor I know you
have a peel box but I have a plan to
stop premature melting this sounds like
crazy talk to me I don't know that I
would mail us ice cream don't mail us
ice cream don't knows that will not go
well this ice cream but thank you that
will not end well for anyone involved no
kendos says have you guys ever played
rayman legends' it's up there with the
best platforming games I've ever played
and I still have no idea who or what
Raymond is the music and animation are
simply delightful sure your tires are I
believe Jackson Raymond guy let him
shoot my tires out they can't if they if
they can't shoot me I'm gonna be ok with
it
I can't tell you where they are where
are they if they're shooting my tires
out they gotta be 1 East ish that's what
I'd say yeah car they're shooting my car
they're shooting my tires out so I can't
make a hasty getaway I think I just saw
some movement
I know I know Jax a Raymond fan I owe
that Rayman Origins is a great fucking
game I'm gonna climb up there can I not
climb up there don't you climb up on
things now don't you climb up on things
now dammit
Boudreau 45 says any chance for more
Friday the 13th uh well not not right
now but it's it's a it's a game I've
turned to every now and then because I
feel that makes for good streams even
though I've largely well I've almost
entirely stopped playing it on my own
time but like like like Pope G which I'm
not you know I'm not in love with this
game but I think it makes for good
stream so we i-i've suggested we played
this couple times and the same with
Friday the 13th
stay to that rock yeah there's someone
right there look at the detail level you
have do you oh you have your settings
turned down probably okay
the climbing is a little spotty
sometimes but you might be able to find
a spot if you just click randomly wait
there's someone near me we're just gonna
pick that teammate up go back go back
what Toronto go back no Jer kill them
they're shooting at me I wanted to go
away you shoot him why he's picking us
pristine right now you're gonna have to
deal with two of them oh hey I didn't
kill his teammate no I kill him aah did
you ride a shotgun no way it wasn't an
automatic it was on semi-auto aah that's
not a bad run Jack oh hey go good game
good game
wee wee down for like a couple more oh
yeah okay okay

[Part III]
well we we dumb for like a couple more
oh yeah okay okay
oh yeah we're down for a couple more
Jack actually kicked some ass I did
pretty well this round I think I got
four kills that round that was pretty
good that's pretty good I'll take it oh
my hands got a little a little sweaty
I'm gonna I'm gonna take a bathroom
break you take a bathroom break oh man
dyno steps get some water okay did I
miss anything tip wise while I had my
headphones oh you touched a bit on
Raymond but Raymond legend specifically
is the one they brought up sure well and
you know Rayman Origins I think it was a
return to that like excellent platformer
I'd put that up there with like super
meatboy level platformer
where it was just so tight that what the
levels were incredibly fun they had this
great like chase the treasure chest
thing where you had to do things like
super fast and be super precise but
during the normal levels you could just
jump around and have fun it also had a
great co-op for kids okay because if
it's co-op and someone like falls and
dies then they just float in a bubble
and you can go get them and Mario they
do the Mario thing I think actually they
might have done it before Mario oh
really
I don't know do okay I remember I
remember playing that with my kid when
they were a lot younger and they they
always enjoyed that playing that with me
so I never played legends but origins
was super fun someone on the chat wants
to know how they beat the chef in Dead
Rising 2 been a while since I had a full
playthrough of Dead Rising 2 but if
memory serves the boxing the the boxing
glove knives combo is fairly effective
you Wolverine his ass that and just
learning his pattern it's a combination
um this time it's lupus is hey guys left
playing with you last week glad you
enjoyed it so this is Jack love to do it
again but if you want to give others a
shot that's cool
my birthday is Tuesday as a present can
we get some Don Wilson action I don't
know if I'm in the right headspace for
that no I'm Wilson I can do that I'm
doggone I play this game where you shoot
people you run around look for this
circle right right oh oh don't stay too
far out of the circle you'll die got
this great idea we read beans in the
game but you got to keep reading beans
better than the circle
uh-uh crazy mate 999 says yes people
cheer during movies watching Fast Five
when the chips are down and Vindi screw
is all about to quit then the rock says
I'm in and the crowd went fucking nuts
and to be honest I got into it - all
right budget Messiah says hey guys have
you gotten a chance to see the new
season of Netflix Black Mirror
I've not sorry I'm not I'm sorry if so
what was your favorite episode and why
was it metalhead also same question but
for Amazons electric dreams I'm
unfamiliar with this Amazon show
electric dreams I'm unfamiliar with the
80s movie about the computer that gained
sentience after our man spills wine and
his deboard and then the computer falls
in love with his girlfriend and tries to
kill the guy but I doubt it's a Amazon
show based on that call
parley says hijack and rich or called
Perry just donating a few shekels for
providing me with hours of entertainment
and fun moved away from my home in the
UK to Canada and you've helped a lot
through this keep doing what you do will
do will do glad to help you out
Joe kiddie double O one he says hey guys
you ever watch any pub G streams like
shroud or doctor disrespect no never
says well until doc she did on his wife
and quit streaming he quit streaming
because of that I I've heard of doctor
disrespect and I've heard of this
incident but I'm absolutely not familiar
with him I mean I mean I'm I've never
watched him I'm not I'm not that
familiar other than I've I've heard of
him and I've heard of the controversy
with him cheating on a wife who
supposedly was very hot to begin with so
kind of an idiot really tornado soul
says hey guys have you ever watched
quest for fire if so thoughts thanks for
the fun I have not sorry
I'm not wash quest for fire I didn't
know what it is honestly no idea no idea
28th the dress says I personally have no
problem discerning between real friends
and TV characters that I like because I
have no real friends also will you guys
be reviewing fateful findings the behind
the scenes debate on Neil Breen
continues it continues I'm I'm
advocating for more Neil Breen
I think I'd kind of like to go
chronological but I think we've got we
came to a little bit of a consensus oh
yeah yeah I'm saying I think we've come
to a bit of a sensitive consensus okay
that's all music okay all right you
ready I'm caught up
mm-hmm perfect this time it's lupus did
say you missed us that they enjoyed
playing with you last week I'm streamer
offside not sure probably I I don't know
I don't know all right well a great
lupus did I play with the officer Luis
Verde wants to be kicked out to someone
else completely okay eventine them every
once in a while like I'm in the mood to
play a little pub G and then you know
usually it beats me down a little bit
and then I take a break such as life
such is life
third or first what am i drinking
tonight of first thank you I'm drinking
water tonight I'm drinking water and
tonight's what up tonight did you send
me the invite I just left there you are
how about guile and meadow levan that's
all I got all right hey guys hello we
are in first person mode let's rock and
roll I can't hear over this punch punch
punching and first-person mode is weird
okay come here I'm gonna punch you okay
no your might you're the person I'm
gonna punch now for the risk for the
rest of this time is you I'm gonna punch
you in the face you're the guy I'm you
come here I'm gonna punch you I'm gonna
punch you over and over and over again
and you're the guy I'm gonna punch
you're the only one I care about
punching so the for the next 23 seconds
I'm gonna be punching you right in the
goddamn wheel you've come oh not you
this guy this guy I'm gonna punch you in
the goddamn face over and fucking
where'd you go where'd you go where'd
you go
oh I'm coming to punch you in the face
I'm coming I'm gonna punch you in the
goddamn face
got away from me
where we going where we going jack is
about water he sounds like a jack where
do you what oh shit oh fuck man I don't
know that's a great choice but I think
he needed a little bit more specific
okay great let's wait till we get to the
end here and hang out like a Miss area
all the way up there all right yeah
let's go here is all right let's see
what's over there yeah that is a new
area that is Sherratt we probably were
probably only gonna make it like hereís
what you know like this issue area let's
go over here see how far we can get
all right
what are we jumping what are we jumping
and just taking all the way now our real
goal is just to make it past the big
city that's what I'm hoping I want to
make it past the big city there's like a
big city right there and we want to make
it past that maybe go through that later
but
I think we're gonna be horribly close to
the big city yeah yeah looks like we are
well then should we bite the bullet and
go to the big city wait anybody know
there's like a manhunt or is that a tent
like 300 what's it that way yep
that's it well hit let's hit up these
houses that are right by us first all
right all right fight our way out of
them and then head over to the mansion
yeah yeah yeah all right we got guile we
got medve Levin actually don't see
anyone around us
alright you say that but I've got
nothing well I got a summer landing
shenanigans I got something how about
you get on it don't you pick a landing
zone that doesn't require us to spout
fucking wings jack fuck off I'm gonna
get us a car take us to the spot we
originally mark
well I got something
get center right here pick me up Kyle
pick me up all right let's go
where are you guys
we're in a car jack
but like we're in a car that's us we
have a car oh great
driving down out of stuff we're gonna
make things a little easier it's nice
me me beep hey nothing up here check in
the shed yeah that's that's alright well
you guys want to go we did we got time
we're in the circle whoa hey guys
we know where we go but I need a gun
we're gonna let's go to the mansion then
alright I mention all right that's over
here
I think there's easy shit in there ow
wait Oh barely we're getting out now
yeah it's fine it's fine
there's people here people here all
right full alert full alert
shit see I'm on the second floor there
knock Oh rich there shit in here there's
good backpacks in here God actors people
anywhere first aid kits where are people
second floor of the two-story building
on the inside and floor of the two-story
building heesu
he says the red one outside or the
inside one inside inside where do you
see people are they telling you rich in
the building second floor is what
they're saying in the building a second
floor
oh nice weapons in here where I am a k47
more yeah yeah yep coming in a k47 in
bullets I desperately desperately need
something yeah in here the best in my
building
or am I for the room I was in talk to me
retorted the same there's a vest in the
building where somebody was at best and
a helmet I'm gonna use a helmet and a
backpack I could use a vest oh there's a
helmet up here rich yeah in that room
this room no all right we're gonna take
that big building shit
oh is that someone's you shot a fucking
arrow at me
yeah we're being shot well I think all
they have is an arrow let's go over
there I doubt that's all hey she shot a
fucking arrow at me they're trying to be
sneaky
i oh where are you going what are you
doing you don't know that we know
they're they're trying to draw this
guy's attention this way so they're in
the big house yeah that big the big
building close there why they're
shooting at us all right I need to
communicate for Jack here what's our
plan okay we could bail or try to take
them
Jack and I don't have it I do not have
it okay gun are we gonna bail or try to
take them one of us does not have a good
gun here as for me I'm asking let's take
him Jack wants to take him
does everyone concurring as a pistol so
all you've got a Oh somebody has this
epistle Jack you can have my I have a I
have a shotgun you could has a shotgun
you can have would you like the shotgun
it's a deal okay
I dropped a shotgun Jack wants to breach
and clear right all right Jack got one
of them good news coming Matt news
there's an arrow in my face somebody
would knock one down but our teammate
took an arrow to the face literally
literally did you take damage first Oh
interesting
you know which building they're in okay
they're what what building are they in
here that's what we're asking what
building it is to be to in this southern
or northern sorry two-story building no
northern two-story building okay
oh they have a jeep too
there's probably somebody in the third
story I would bet on it alright so
they're in the three story building the
three say there's somebody there there's
almost always somebody there but where
did you get shot from the two storey
building of the three-two story for sure
two story for sure well let's deal with
that first then okay I'm just saying
watch your back I'm gonna pass you let's
go
jacket there are people upstairs I'm
sure you take I'll take that outside
here the South West or Southwest
building
wait wait I'm coming for you I had to
kill them first shit shit shit shit shit
shit shit shit and yep they got me oh
wait there's another there's one up here
rich I guess one up here in alive up
where where I am because metal vans dead
this guy I'm gonna see if I can find
some bandages here I'm hurt I'm gonna
throw a grenade in there nope never mind
there's no one in here it's empty it's
empty
oh I have a first aid kit band-aid Joe
over here rich okay I'm heading towards
your what yeah I'm gonna grab this Pat
don't everybody yeah yeah for me all
right we're doing great we're doing
great I don't think they got I think we
interrupted them what happened to van
Duren or a metal van what happened to
metal that believe he's dead
well I know but what happened I don't
know how I'm so well I'm asking because
I like as you care cuz thank you I want
to know the story rich where are you
uh-oh
do you got the med pack I'm I'm yeah
okay I'm doing some looting here though
I'm here yeah that was me that was me
I'm sorry I figured it was you house me
Jack do you need any meds
God what happened in that other building
were you in that other building
I wasn't got newsy and then came over
here and killed this guy over here
what's up
I want to loot these guys over here
I killed both of these bastards we got
all right there you got oh you got
nothing whatever does that usually take
nine millimeter okay does did Jack do
you need meds no I'm good
Jack is good about you Richard uh I
don't have any of my inventory but I'm
fully healed now well mostly fully
healed I had a bed pack that I've used
here take these okay cool nothing all
right so what's the plan now
wait are we taking that other builder
now the 33 story is that the plan you
want to go to the three story yeah all
right
I think Kyle's already there well I know
that's why I want oh let's go
I'm it get in there we go
is there anyone in here guile or have
you're not cleared it okay what shotgun
here somebody needs a shotgun fresh TT
vest right here I'll take that thank you
so what's the word is there anyone in
here I don't think so Oh
all right so what's planning we chilling
out here for a bit or oh there's stuff
oh no there's not no right there is
there's stuff under the beds um I guess
we could yeah I have this thing I'm
being told I missed the cool sunglasses
like that five five six oh my god guile
is in the next house already sufficient
guile is efficient guile is efficient no
it'd be nice if you told us you're going
to another room just house I mean no
we're just just so we're all on the same
page you want a team here man all right
I'm heading over to go okay yeah where's
it at upstairs nice that was me
okay this this mouse has a hair trigger
just a hair trigger you can rest your
index finger on your middle mouse button
that's what I started
as a building alright building to our
West building to our West's okay are we
now we're driving are we walking and
they were walking great let's walk well
we could take their vehicle we may need
one anybody see any decent scope that'd
be nice I don't think we need to get in
their vehicle right now I think we just
keep it in mind
keep it in mind yeah well and we have
our vehicles hanging out somewhere right
this doors open that's concerning that
doors up into I alluded that hmm is that
you yeah that's it yeah I'm just moving
this a little bit okay
be kept be conscious going up there a
lot of chef's disturbed over here Oakley
all right goggles everything's fine
all right we're safe from hanging out
around hang out outside that we are
indoors I would hang out yeah we're
gonna need to move oh yeah let me see
car where do we want to take the car
yeah we're gonna god it's too too far
what's happening what's going on what do
you mean what
everything's fine jack great we're
getting in a car yeah have her head into
the circle hey guys
they see me rollin then they don't know
that I'm white and nerdy to me I'm
waiting nerd eh
yeah in a circle here is
look what broke what up
yeah
oh my god
this is a roller coaster alright thought
that balcony door was open there might
be I have smoke people around who've
been closing doors behind them
sure yeah these doors up here open yeah
my kid we might get some sloppy seconds
need to watch out from that hill to our
West there we are
vehicle movement northeast maybe
let's see it I'll be coming here coming
here
alright they left for now oh yeah
they're always away okay do either of
you guys need a scope for it let's go
check out that other house what you like
it here I'm a terrible shot I mean I got
a red dot scope that's you know why
that's probably fine for me oh I'll take
it thank you yeah that other house looks
like it's picked through but I mean
there could be something in it yeah I
think supply wise I think I'm decent
Reese
oh wait wait there's someone that
building directly east they just jumped
out of the second floor a lot I might be
able to hit them if they start running
and which building the small one no no
they're in the tree the the red roof
tree what's the rush they were over
there they were they were east and
they're not East anniversary shit except
for there they're shooting them now I
got someone a couple times
guy that just shot is gonna be close to
this red building
see anything out there no just that guy
he's staying hidden behind his tree
because I headshot
shit do they see us that guy was on the
hill at 1:15 okay okay what's his aim
rich on the hill 1:15 where the trees
are I make my way to that big red house
yeah it's probably a good idea corner of
the big red house
everybody's that wait I'm healing I'm
healing shit I didn't think about that
shit I thought it was healing I'm not
I'm gonna die it's fine get in the van
get the VIN I'm down I'm down yep we got
to leave you know I'm down I'm down oh
no damn that circle oh no I'm coming
crawl towards safety bitch well you know
what I killed some decent people that
killed a decent number of people all
right Kyle it's up to you no I did
terrible I couldn't hit shit I'm
completely useless when I play this game
I I don't know why I don't know why I
can't hit anything in this game I think
I get too nervous well and sometimes you
know because there is server lag every
once in while you need to adjust where
it's like shoot a little bit in front of
them to deal with server lag yeah it's
just like you're not just aiming for
them you want to even a little bit in
front of them and yeah Bruce and I
killed by the blue circle but hey we
made a pretty Dern far I'm pretty proud
of us rich yep and we were in it we were
in it this time we got our hands dirty
we fought at the mansion that was
awesome it's my mouse sensivity it might
be mm-hmm it might be too high I'm sure
I'm sure
well yeah and then you just get so
nervous yeah blood gets pumping you're
like yeah yeah yeah I know I love it
that's like that to me gal you great
though go you're great Oh Kyle's on top
of it I mean you know thanks for leaving
us behind but hey you know he made the
right decision we were dead weight we
were but like that's the that's the
exciting part about this game that's
what makes me excited about playing this
game in general is those moments where
your blood gets rushing it's very real
it's very visceral
Oh crazy crazy oh he thinks he can hide
in a bush is that what he thinks he
could hide in a bush mad Bush strats oh
nice girl those book that Bush ain't
gonna save you Sun bushes are for ivy
have you abandoned the bush Sarah bushes
are great for hiding but as soon as
someone shoots at you and a bush you
gotta run the fuck out of there right
there's no cover in bushes oh my god
through the trees through the brush Kyle
you're mad man
right there's three people there's three
people out there somewhere hopefully
they're not on the same team right son
of a bitch son of a bitch you can do it
girl nice
oh hey our team made it to second place
yeah our team hey I contributed this
time I feel I killed a lot of people I'm
gonna be okay taking that second place
excellent job excellent job team
excellent job nice work whoo all right
so what's the plan Jack let's do it all
right that's fine let's do it again
we'll see if there's anyone new to this
this is what I'm here for tonight that's
fine we'll see if there's anyone new who
wants to join in this time you keep an
eye on Oh I mean Kyle does no one wants
to do but I see we have a couple new
people so god I'm sorry oh my god I'm
sorry gal I have to let you go it's all
over but thank you for playing it's all
over Kyle we really appreciate it I'm
gonna I'm just I'm gonna leave the team
I'm gonna leave the team
that didn't get rid of you guys though
yeah blue blaze I'm gonna I'm gonna
accept you - hold on we want you you and
you we got it we got rich we got blue
blaze and we got ha once okay that is
the plan come on you too blue blaze I'm
gonna get one of them crate you're gonna
open a crate live on stream what what do
I got what's in your car a race where
are you gonna open the damn thing you
know it's silly yeah it's a little
cumbersome blue blaze come on I got I
got shoes I got some Brown ugly shoes
okay yeah all right let's go let's rock
and roll
let's uh let's do it rich you ready I
can't put my shoes on Jack don't put
them on you do you you oh they're ugly
they're so ugly I'm just thinking what
my old shoes Jack all right I'm ready
get ready man what are you doing where
are you going there you go all right
let's make this happen
they're nice they're nice sensible shoes
your shoes I think I have enough points
for a crepe but I might be changing I
might be saving up for a sex change
operation I don't check so cuz you know
I usually do like to be a lady him but
you need a lot of points to be a lady oh
shit I forgot to do first person that's
fine it just defaults to third person I
can't I can't get it to do the whole
Dame yeah or that yeah the whole idea
whoa whoa
aim down sights whole aim which I just
keep that I had them both on hold for a
while and I wasn't working out I don't
know I'm gonna bolt then hold and we'll
see what happens there's a separate ABS
hotkey I need to have settings control
alright hey guys let's head for this
little town let's jump out right about
now we're gonna go over the mountain to
the little town over the mountain to the
little town right all right that's the
plan we're not gonna deal with the
mountain because I think everyone's
gonna go to the mountain I'm gonna pull
my chute now but there's a tiny - oh
shit nevermind we are no matter what we
are going to the top of the mountain
that's just where we're going we're
going to the top of the mountain
change of plans go to the top of the
mountain I'm so sorry everyone
there's gonna yeah there's so there's
people here already I'm gonna punch
someone to death
I'm behind this Biddy I'm gonna punch
her to death
that's my plan no shit there's a there's
a lot of bit easier there's a lot of
biddies here pump someone to death I
punch someone to death nice
or a couple of I punch two people to
death I punch two people life is great
okay fuck what's happening oh I don't
know I'm looking for guns or something
and I'm keeping my eye out for the other
people that are surely around of course
man it's okay just punch him to death if
they show up Oh guys it's okay I have a
crossbow it's perfectly okay
everything's okay because I have a
crossbow I got a pistol great
oh hello I actually got a good gun
great great
Jack what you're getting too far away
from everyone well I gotta find the guns
man I got a gun it was that you know
know that any of us
okay I'm back I'm coming back to you I
needed bandages cuz I'm all fucked up
from my punch fights so watch my sex I
got a heal up hold on Jack what are you
not watching my six I'm dropping a
shotgun oh I have a good gun that's all
right oh you have a good gun yeah yeah
you can keep your shotgun all right all
right where is everyone
what's going on with meeting up we are
in the circle we are in fact a dead
center circle are we worried about other
people being around here I don't I don't
think I'm willing to declare this area
clean oh god no there's someone to the
east
I guess if they come we can always just
punch him to death good plan
like in in the ruins east yep
there's some police vests over here for
anyone who needs him level one
yeah I could use a police vest oh it's
over here but come to me level to helmet
on me wear my helmet go oh god damn it
exactly put on a cap okay yeah that's no
good
who's that is that one of us I am
walking in this building where you are
what someone might have just did a smoke
bomb thing was that us or was that
someone else someone else someone else I
said I said clear to the east
Jack were you're nowhere near everybody
else I feel this was that friendly fire
or someone in here with me you gotta be
nice where are people we got him whoever
he was great
great it'll come with time risk so much
you want to go to that town you marked
out and then maybe swing over to severe
knee alright what are we doing what's
going on what's happening we're talking
about where to go okay great
and I'm peeking around for bandages in
here I don't see any I'm heading oh do
you need some I could use a bandage uh
yeah I've been he just a rich take this
here yeah I just dropped him in here
thank you let me use a lot of guns in
this tower where I'm at
like some nice machine gun how bad are
you actually here I just dropped the
first aid kit somebody dropped me one
jack I got a kid who's that us I'm
presuming it's us dad it does that's ok
great great great okay
so what's going on what's happening
what's going on so it's what we do
checking out this tower I guess let's
check out that tower if anybody doesn't
have a vest there's a vest also in the
bottom one or two I took I took that
already yep all right cuz I'll check out
this tower then what's going on with a
circle are we in it we're a tower now
we're way up in it man
you guys what's going on hanging up here
in a tower what do you wanna do what's
going after oh we don't know what's
going on oh great we're in the circle I
think we're we're kind of chill right
now honestly yeah
yeah that is true we are kind of chill
unless somebody wants to get on the move
you know I I have plenty of like
bandages the first-aid kit but I could
use like some energy drinks or something
like that we could go to the original
plan and like see what's on the other
side of this mountain cuz if people
aren't probably over there but if the
circle closes up the mountain right now
we have the fucking high ground and you
know I loves me some high ground well
what does everyone thinking what is this
I guess we're all kind of doo doo doo
doo doo oh you guys are leaving are you
leaving I don't know
nobody's said anything about leaving I
think because of the what what's the
complaint says that North would be good
right I have a suggestion we go to North
that's what I'm hearing
okay let's do it ride north we're
heading north it's fucking rocket
towards that orange marker sounds good
okay from that socket there was a
motorcycle but those things are a
deathtrap
yeah I know I don't think I like the
motorcycle very much yeah that's not
being motorcycles I'm rich and I had a
very bad experience recently with the
motorcycle
you do we're gonna check out this funky
round building funky round build and
everything needs its own jingle rich
don't you think no not everything
I do bee do do funky round building like
like the Bill Cosby rape trial probably
doesn't need a jingle
I mean Touche
a blue blaze what are we doing down here
what's going on trying to change my
controls and I don't want to die I'll
talk about it all right way ahead and
head into the marker we're heading right
you're so far ahead of buddy everybody
else Jack it's comical know how well
that's how what that's me I'm right here
next to you oh that's hot whatever so
you were yellow in the other game okay I
guess what I'm saying rich is settle
down that's what I'm trying to tell ya
is that you need to settle down let's
see where this circle decides to close
let's see how fucked we are
hasn't closed yet it's getting there ah
now we're still good it's like we would
have had some decent you know we would
have had the height advantage the whole
way wait I hear a vehicle guys we're now
out outside of the new zone when it like
contracts again wait there's a vehicle
really nearby is that how one nope
all right where's it coming from
shoot them please yes okay their
teammates are not around you can revive
me is the guy dead
now can we kill him
I'm killing him because I wanted to take
my time I got a proper headshot great
hey he brought us a car thanks guy that
that was nice of you
this guy's got a shitload of weapons
scar-l I know that's a favorite of many
people who can actually aim and I'm
taking a stylish coat you take his
stylish coat I took his a silencer and I
might take his energy drink if that's
okay with everyone rich you'd actually
need you might need the energy
oh that he has a medkit rich and bangin
is first aid that I'm just gonna use and
then a med kit I mean the energy drink
that'll heal me all the way right yeah
drop one I'll take it sure hold on
anything first there's a second scar
here I can provide for my one or I don't
know how to drop this one all right I
dropped it thank you I don't trust my
aim in this game enough use the scar
honestly it's fine it's gonna say oh
yeah I get I wanna i like my okay I'm
good I'm good all right okay okay you
know what fuck it I'll try it
where's the dad was it in the crate yeah
it's a pretty good gun what kind of a
Melissa take five five six I'll drop
some for you yeah I'll need some and
should put a grip on it also that angled
for grip okay
Oh five-o you got some ammo I have ammo
for now I think I'm good oh you probably
brought that I'm an idiot I'm just an
idiot it's okay everybody I'm an idiot
all right car
um I mean doing me right we're right
next to the circle unless we unless we
do want to explore down there but I
think that's where he came from
so yeah I guess we just go back up we're
pretty close to the circle I guess we
could just stay on foot Yeah right
yeah that car every single time every
single
that's how we knew they were coming
right uh can you hear me
yeah I can really Jack can but I can if
you say anything about I'll relay the
message
doo-doo-doo
so uh hey check I got a attach that's
the they have an attachment for your
sniper rifle okay
the quick-draw Meg yeah extended how
what has it I'm here drop it someone
picked it up I II did not pick anything
up I picked something up oh okay
oh nice that gives me 20 extra extra it
goes per magazine that's great thanks
guys this is good teamwork we're doing
great we're doing okay
I feel like this is a camping trip and
we're having a great time and murdering
people
technically I got a kill I don't know if
I got the down or not I know I'm
shooting at him I got the down you got
the down I was far away and and III only
shot him once cuz everyone else was
shooting him yeah you know better but I
got I got the down you've got the kill
everyone was shooting everyone was in
the meat of it now I was just hanging
back on ya the or which which one the
orange one here yeah yellow yellow yeah
I sit we're heading to yellow great
great uh geez the map got updated we
gotta go Waverly far away we are fairly
far away this we could go back to the
car if we had to we got two minutes we
can make it what do you think what do
you think what are you thinking oh you
run I'm gonna get the vehicle and I'll
get you on the way all right
uh what's going back for it he's going
back the vehicle we're gonna keep
running them
you're crazy huh what you're a madman I
want your badge and your gun your wild
card I can't have you on my force
I want my extended mag back ulterior
motives I love it what's his ulterior
motive he wants a sextet bag back oh
yeah we got a ways to go don't we yeah
yeah we sure do
you know what we sure do
rich as harmless as the chapel I look
badass so so rich will intimidate them
while the rest of us shoot him he'll be
the they'll be so awestruck by how
badass rich looks they won't even see us
what ranking I punched a man to death
earlier okay that was kind of Awesome
yeah I actually really want to see that
in the replay of this dream is is the
fist fights we got into to start the
match he dropped us smoke so the room
was just was in her house it was the
room was just filled with smoke oh yeah
I couldn't see his down body oh wait
we're coming up to a thing guys careful
oh so you're just like punching in here
what what what's going on oh we're
coming back with the carp all right
let's check out this area real quick
then pills H
watch out
ooh there's a pan here
sensual equipment anything in darn barn
and I'm taking the pan that shotgun
choke if anyone's shotgunning everybody
got one okay gonna take a quick take
those fingerless gloves though so I can
just be a little bit more badass so you
can be like super badass like that's
like ten percent more badass that's
right the gloves absolutely as long as
they're fingerless like regular gloves
that's for weaklings fingerless gloves
now we're talking
all right ready sure let's go we gotta
go vows yes
right like the wind how what's like the
wind don't know too crazy because we
don't want to flip like the wind whoa
we're gonna Thelma and Louise this
motherfucker I love just looking behind
and seeing that blue wall
I'm gonna go up to these trees over here
on top of this hill yeah yeah we'll
probably get shot at on the way up there
I'm sure three two one
how do you see the box over there is
that what he's talking about
no no no no the hill we're talking about
getting shot on the way up the hill the
Northwest 325 incoming shots 325 eh
yeah that's kind of where the where the
red boxes are you down what is down
where is he
I see him oh shit he's dead
shit shit shit where were they touch it
coming from 220 I will pour all over the
hill the way you were going the way we
were going oh I see him I see him there
at 325 still
all right you know I don't have a good
enough scope
where they go ah fuck I take it where'd
they go where'd they go there you go
they're on the other side of the hill I
think bridge if you want you to have a
skull from my body
I'll probably get shot doing it oh I got
one he's coming he's coming with us to
80 straight West from where you're at
rich all right yeah they're coming
towards us they are now at 290 280 still
up the hill like straight West circles
coming in Oh is it closing in on us
yep
here's one's gonna hurt car car
the upper car car get in get in get in
get in get in
go like the wind rich Evans like the
wind fuck yeah
I get over this cliff yeah let's heal
and keep an eye out for our nobody tries
to shoot us while we're on the bridge
okay I'm gonna first-aid kit then I'm
gonna hop over and take a look oh shit
shit where are you guys going across the
water eventually cars coming though yeah
there's a truck station there they're
like waiting for somebody to come to
these women
I think we're swimming let's swim yeah
yeah where's a boat that's not really
gonna hats another target yep all right
let's pretty narrow here okay so they
won't be able to see you or shoot you
should there's a guy going into that
some too late did he get all this take
cover
where oh yeah no he was in the barn he
was in the barn oh look and oh another
treasure box dropped right behind us
oh look at that and so they're like hey
let's go look over there Oh yep look all
three of us fish in a fucking barrel
fish in a gosh-dang barrel
Oh yo yo there's some amount of auto aim
in this so it seems like incredibly
difficult shots I don't believe there is
any sort of auto America there are
people who use cheats to auto aim but I
don't want to I don't want to make it no
that seems like just people who are
insanely good at this game yeah that's
just good old-fashioned I'm good at a
sniper yep yeah we should report him we
should definitely report me right
basically what I'm saying is we should
definitely report them
