Apr 8, 2018
Diddy Kong Racing, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/252001718
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/252005055
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/252007723
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9aacOShfVw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvFeA8tbMOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-syyYZ95XAA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/982700411302961154
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/983054317992185857

[Part I]
so guys right so I meant I messed up
again yeah you want to explain right I'm
sorry yeah well I you tell me what
happened Jack you promised everybody
Diddy Kong Racing you promised everybody
okay I know I promised you did he come
racing we went to two days voting and
again I really wanted to play Diddy Kong
Racing but you lost it again
I put down the n64 as I was loading up
the car as I was backing out of my
garage I ran over the Nintendo 64 and
I'm sorry
and I'll try again
how's everyone doing
bad rats is so bad now what Ken just
fucked up my heroes having trouble
typing in the right screen and the
timing and that was all fun all great
videos now a possible problem right yeah
get better outside
bad rats gone
that's too loud very loud very well I
get down to like yeah alright we've
changed the audio how's the audio for
you guys loud yes well how would I know
okay great is that better or is that
perfect
yeah well we're all before we all tab in
a split screen so Jack and see daddy
Kong let's may as well get perfect it's
still too low that's merely that's
nearly non-existent that's where they're
gonna like it
how's that how's that this is three
after three three three Buddha Buddha
boo three three booty booty boo
sounds good much better fine hello
you're not helping
perfect we got we got beefcake saying
perfect okay great okay I'll take a
beefcake perfect what do you what keep
starting streams and games and
abandoning maintenance this is becoming
a running theme how's everyone doing how
was everyone's week we've got a week we
haven't got a week I didn't do it I
didn't do a Pat that rich solo stream I
know that about you I know that I know
you didn't do a patented rich Evan solo
stream but that's what you know is
spring the spring break whoo you were
too you were too busy getting beads the
options on something like Diddy Kong
Racing
magic codes and magic codes this is what
I don't remember about this the UH I
know nothing about this I know like
every Nintendo 64 game it makes me think
I need I glasses because everything
looks like blurry shit
oh this looks like utter garbage ah and
I don't know why this is uh this is like
widescreen for you this is for us I just
want to yell focus at the screen but I
know this is a fun game I just it just
looks like crap because it's an n64 game
so it looks blurry this is this is the
this is the solid this is like the
d-team here you got diddy you got banjo
kazooie you got conker you have the
characters they have the rights to use
this I think this actually called just
first appearance
is it this is yeah this came out before
conquer pretty shy don't quote me I am
68 percent sure this came out before
Conker's Bad Fur Day Wow the play
weren't work conquer didn't have his
attitude yet well yeah like it was still
gonna be a cutesy cartoon character just
a cutesy squirrel here and banjos first
appearance really then I find shocking
all right I'm gonna be concur because
you know why not please do not change
the rumble Pak rich okay obviously we're
gonna go on an adventure I did I I went
I went the extra mile rich I even like I
I set this up at home yeah just to make
sure everything played everything works
did you play it at all I did not play it
at all because I wanted to go in blind
but I got I got you know just do this
like okay everything you know if it
works the game works we haven't played
it in a while I don't think yes the
right water doesn't know jack is a
fucking Mario Kart prodigy that's true
that's true I'm I win at Mario Kart all
the time I've never played this game
because to me it always seemed like a
mariokart rip-off but apparently it has
a story mode which I'm very excited
about it's like if you mix Mario Kart
with Mario 64 oh okay
maybe this is there's a lot of race
there's a lot of normal race tracks and
a lot of normal racing yeah but there's
a whole other aspect of the game where
you wander around and you collect I
forgot what you collect you collect the
things to open the doors and they don't
put up opens up new worlds to explore
and all new race tracks
cool betcha Mario 64 if the paintings
instead of leading to platforming
world's led to racetracks I think that's
awesome
yeah let's you know I turn this on at
home just to make sure it works and like
from across the house I hear - do you
think Diddy Kong apparently apparently
unbeknownst to me Lisa played this a ton
growing up she's like I recognize that
music I was like how do you a DD guy
never but she's like me played the song
classic chick there you go there we go
his green-screen fucked up which you can
see that Batman does it look like
look at me okay but I'm looking at a
little tiny spring okay uh II didn't she
didn't kick my ass only because I didn't
play it because like I said I wanted to
save all reactions to this game for the
stream because I've never played it and
I know the the mythos of me playing
Diddy Kong has been alright what about
the absence Jack was on vacation night
things going on there guy who cares
about that there's an elephant riding a
magic carpet at the moment help me with
oh so I'm just like in the card all the
time yeah
okay so no like you're kind of quasi
power-sliding
no wait or is there yeah it's kind of
power slider so just kind of just kind
of it's not like a full-on
Mario Kart power slide but it makes it
turn a little sharper whoa okay all
right has settled sound now is this game
in like 1/2 K it's on the Nintendo 64
you know stall J goggles the Nintendo 64
is ass this is I'm really playing on a
Nintendo 64 who made it who made this
for me again someone made me a Nintendo
64 controller with with a Gamecube no I
think um who made this for me someone
sent it to me it looks it's it feels
great it feels great hope I can change
vehicles what yeah wait well hold on I
want to try the hovercraft first hey
buddy
oh there you get the little you get a
little hop with the hovercraft oh now I
can go on water right Chad I'm not
typically a graphics whore I'm just I'm
just really not a fan of the way the
Nintendo 64 wants everything to look
fuzzy and blurry I'm not a fan of that I
know something primitive anti Eliza on
their part or just whatever a listing
aliasing yeah it
I just I hate the look and every didn't
end to the 64 game looks fuzzy fuzzy and
blurry ah better than jaggies no jaggies
are far less distracting than this this
is to me right now I mean this is
personal taste
obviously you don't feel the same way
but I hate the way this looks
can't go in there
oh hi okay okay so I can just like race
in this yeah yeah there are races in the
plain nice oh okay I need ten balloons
okay no problem no problem at all Wow a
balloon nope it's a flower
alright everything is fine I'm gonna
figure this out guys you don't need to
worry
well I think there's some doors that are
just open early and I'm pretty sure you
get balloons from racing right and then
I'm also pretty sure there are some
xplory blooms balloons whoa okay you
know what I think I need to cart I think
I just you know what you Harrison Ford
Oh God
oh there's one other oh I see one come
on conquer yeah you gotta help me out
here meet me halfway meet me halfway
maybe halfway son of a bitch
hard turn hard turn hard turn and got
one did it the plane goes down all the
time like the plane just naturally
floats that everything's fine alright I
think I think I'm gonna cart it up just
know just to uh okay go to him go to him
you know just until I get my oh okay
I'm going to need glasses after the
stream that's just the Nintendo 64
we're not playing this on an emulator
nope this is an actual Nintendo 64
sitting in front of us right solution
there's absolutely nothing to improve
the naturally bad graphics of the
Nintendo 64 and it might look extra ass
for you because it's stretched out I
don't know why it's stretched out but a
little bit where's it zoomed no I think
it's stretched I think you're right
which is weird because that for us it's
four by three but for you guys it's
widescreen it doesn't really matter
anyway to make it less blindingly bright
is there an options menu and those
probably not not for this but there
might be something we can do them
they're big around so you can fix the
stretch to have your mouse let's see if
we can make this jamming make the stream
look nice Jack make this stream great
again oh you owe me blow it up blow it
up blow it up do you remember what
Rumple is gonna keep us from going into
war with Russia yeah remember when
everyone was worried about war Hawk
Hillary no that's just conquer all right
let's say let's do this all right here
he'll get the Game Capture HD color oh
yeah look at the color it's like way up
there oh no that's not the color that's
the it is a little brighter than normal
it was up to an eight
yeah how's that that's pretty good it's
pretty good remember when remember when
I was joking about Donald Trump starting
World War three uh-huh
oh god those were just jokes that was
just jokes so tempting tempting that
bear just sitting there it's all cozy
it's minding its own business honestly
just comparing I got a I got a big old
Trump stick fare better watch the fuck
out how's that look that looks better
yeah yeah how's that look
I like that that's like four by three
that's what we're gonna call it anyway
we're gonna call that four by three just
get the MGP and d blur mods and a
framemeister super cheap takes two
seconds has had something for an
emulator because jack is playing this in
a real intend to 64 yeah yeah yeah real
and 64 motherfucker which one are you
going to plead doomed again I'm not sure
Rose listen some of the soundtrack just
like last night
pretty good all right there we go all
right this is uh this is the best I can
do
I think it's pretty good okay well it's
square yeah
so that's nice okay great I guess you
don't really need this right I mean I
guess take it because I don't want
all right let's play Diddy Kong I got my
cart back
oh wait blue it's blue so why not push
the screen - laughs so rich does not
want a map as a terrible suggestion okay
okay then our screen is weirdly
off-centered that I get that's why I
chose Center because you know that's
that Center but if you want to do that
rich you can go ahead and just that's
much better I think your idea is much
better just lean a little bit it's not
centered yeah we're a little off center
are we a tiny bit well you can fix that
right now without messing up the game
let's go over there and scooch it over
scooch Oh over the you know I can scoot
a few things if you no no you can just
drag it and it should know no that's us
I know I know I'm hold on where's the
purge that more centered I'm going to
assume that's more centered I thought I
had a camera over a little bit more cuz
you half your face is not in this thing
which isn't right either
my leg moves down okay I can move us
down
oh that's great alright here we go my
first race
okay there's bananas shit shit
oh it kind of has a power slide never
mind that's power slide
I've missed all the balloons so far ah
and bananas well it's fine gonna be fine
come on I wanna blow there we go
look this ain't mario kart yeah the
handling is different yeah I mean a
little bit dinosaur
it's fine everything the skills not
translate what's it's different you know
like it's it's a little it's a little uh
this is like just minor adjustments are
needed
yeah I'm sure everything everything is
off oh whoa why did I slip maybe maybe
you did too much of a spin that's like
maybe Mario Cart would never punish you
for sliding too much I assume bananas
are good can anyone confirm bananas are
good I don't know but I know balloons
are good okay balloons are the weapons
yeah I got one balloon I wasn't even
able to get a balloon skills don't
translate it fights with all your muscle
memory
yes load um this is like I'm so used to
the Mario Cart controls that this is
gonna take a little bit of time to get
used to but you know I got first place
in the first Ray a challenge exactly
exactly
all right I mean I did first place so
number two fossil Canyon bananas worked
like Mario Cart coins okay so then the
marker coins the way they work is the
more coins you have the more the higher
max speed okay okay so I get out of here
banjo no one likes you
oil slick nice that's what Mario Cart is
missing a decent oil slick that's that's
just classic bananas are though I
suppose just a classic racing game
slick Oh oil slick
banana first place is a little exercise
Wow hello I got a rocket a shit I
thought I had to annoy oil slick god
damn it that's alright I think Jack
broke down and bought a new Diddy Kong
Racing I did I had to buy a new Diddy
Kong Racing he was weak he couldn't he
couldn't stick to his guns and find my
Diddy Kong Racing yeah well I wanted I
wanted to give the people what they
wanted and they wanted it e they wanted
it e rich
Oh what is thatis spikeball cool what
was I supposed to do not give him Diddy
oh and I'm sure what's gonna happen
what's gonna be fun is in a in a couple
of weeks I'm gonna be cleaning the
basement or something and come across
sure my original diddy just got to yeah
that's like greenest speed boost I'm
assuming the balloons okay and red is
weapon because I just got a rocket
that's any difference so you can kind of
choose yeah I think I got green that
time and I got oil slow yeah
something's wrong yeah I got green and
got oil slick okay be blues speed boost
look
oil slick you can stack three of the
same color balloons for better items
what oh I played this way back when and
I didn't know that all right see now
you're giving me the hot tips now you
got a strap now I got the mad Diddy Kong
strats this elephant on the magic carpet
is something else I'm gonna be honest I
I'm not sure if I can deal with him but
we're gonna we're gonna just keep going
jungle falls all all so this game really
makes me appreciate the Mario Cart
horses yeah because man these are these
are a big pile of nothing come on oh
shit oh shit is there an easy mode are
you I didn't see a difficulty get out of
my shit get out of my shit I I assume
the first races are just easier in
general okay because holy fucker you
fuck nut I'm coming for you
shit don't worry it gets very hard I'm
kidding it's harder already look I'm in
third
then third rich I'm an embarrassment
podracer is the best Star Wars game hots
nope Snoke TIE fighter Jedi Knight - and
then the rest can all kind of go fuck
off out here get out of here
fuck them in the water rich I'm in the
water
hey x-men Alliance is bad
I'm coming in third what am I an animal
ah majique white is rich hate the
original expert hey don't just tie
fighters Betty put her in every way what
was what was the original x-wing like
just a less good Thai Thai fighter okay
he plays the the rebellion right you
know I've I remember there being less of
us less of a story less in the way of
side objectives okay but this is this is
hazy memory I didn't play that much of
the original next wing okay
dark forces - I don't think that game
aged very well I liked it at the time
whoa whoa whoa
dark forces - yes dark forces - Jedi
Knight okay and we've talked about the
naming of that series oh I think we have
I don't remember what they are exactly
but yes the Star Wars do ripoff is
called dark forces and that had a sequel
dark forces - Jedi Knight okay and the
sequel and in part because it had a
lightsaber was much more popular than
the original game so when they made a
third one they called it Jedi Knight -
and as opposed to dark forces three so
dark forces three is called Jedi Knight
forces three is called if you want to
get really technical dark forces three
Jedi Knight - Jedi Outcast that's great
oh I had a I had a super weapon
I did much better that time they could
have called a Jedi Knight three like the
Red Bull franchise yeah they probably
could have there's why the Rambo first
blood
Rambo first blood part two Rambo three
it was it wasn't Rambo first but it was
his first blood they was Rambo even part
of the name of first blood I could be
wrong I think I was just called first
blood I think it was Rambo first blood
oh yeah well and you know obviously both
of our memories aren't ain't what they
used to be but I'm gonna save Rambo
first blood that's a no-no - what
No - who me orig the thing that was just
first okay so they're saying first blood
Rambo first blood part two Rambo three
yeah great and then just Rambo it's very
true very true cinnamon and then just
way where's the four door
there's no four door it's a key door
it's weird
a stream Jedi Knight - I did a little
bit mom in a while using years ago at
this point where's the four door I don't
know maybe there wasn't one apparently
not that's weird
I see you got five go to five I'm going
900 airplane everything is weird what do
you know I just got used to karting
conquer move your ass
oh those do something I'm sure Wow
fuck you the racers have different stats
I'm trying to remember and I don't I'm
sure it's like a Mario Kart thing where
yeah the heavier ones have a better top
speed and the shorter ones have more
acceleration which you always want to
choose which year you generally want to
choose because more acceleration means
when you get hit either you know you're
right you're right back on right back on
that pole made sure the Mario Kart is
you can't sustain speed you're gonna get
hit with some bullshit
oh I got a banana
oh shit rich
I'm coming for you I'm coming for you
banana there we go there we go
this plane is hard to control
everything's terrible fuck you Marilla
gorilla you sound like you're actually
enjoying I am I am but it's it this is
the plane is very challenging
the plane was very challenging but no
it's fun it's cute it's fun and it's
cute this isn't terrible except for how
it looks and sounds and plays so I told
I told you this the other day okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna read tell this story
please for the sake of the strip well I
as I plan on doing as well but go ahead
yeah do you do you recall and I know you
do because we talked about this a couple
days ago
it was the last summer my neighbors
asked me to take care of their pets me
occurred they were going away on
vacation for a week and they needed
someone to water their cat and there
there there porcupine not hard to find a
hedgehog I just remember this because
you're allergic to cats yeah yeah and
then and so I said agreed after I tried
to weasel out of it right and and then
Karen went to go see her mother that
week leaving putting me in charge saying
the cat that's that's the back story of
what happened last summer of nobody
remembers at the time our neighbors and
we were their last minute replacement
said well we'll pay we'll pay you okay
we'll give you some money if we need
something to do this and then they
wanted a vacation they came back not a
single mention of
hey didn't even didn't even bring it up
like I might not have accepted money and
I probably that's right but the fact
that they didn't even offer after saying
you're lying like here's a gift card to
a restaurant it rubbed me the wrong way
absolutely at the time last week I'm not
around when this all went down yeah
Karen got a text from her neighbors
yeah but need someone to look after our
pets again this week we've got away yep
and then Karen texted this guy back
where she didn't even remember who he
was
yeah it's like she's like she gave a
very non-committal answer say I got to
talk to rich and then he just texted
back great we're leaving the keys and
then they were just gone we we didn't
even fucking agree to do it we did not
say yes we will take care of your pets
and they just drop off the key and and
took off that is crazy fuck oh it's
crazy horrible because I know now we're
in the horrible position
it's like fucking I don't want to you
know just wreck I'm I'm not gonna do it
yeah then but I'm there pit stop right
then they're completely innocent
porcupine and CAD died of thirst
yes so they kind of put us in a position
where we had to but if you like what if
you were out of town like I right
exactly they didn't care enough I guess
that's that's so fucked man I was pissed
as he should be
I was really fucking pissed as he should
be and care what over and she did it
anyway this current is a good person and
that Karen Karen is also a smart person
I love I love Karen I really love Karen
Karen noticed that our neighbors have
Amazon echo dot oh they have enough they
have an Alexa machine yeah yeah so she
went over there one day when she went to
take care of the animals said oh boy a
bunch of reminders for things at like
2:00 in the morning 3:00 in the morning
Alexa November 2nd 2 a.m.
remind me to ride the unicycle
and so that III went over there with her
after that and we just had fun like they
they've got every now and then not not
too many times in a row but just every
now and then they're gonna get a early
morning wake-up call between now and
like next January yeah this is tough
boss battle
oh yeah we're not supposed to say her
name rich you can call it the Culloden
echo oh but don't say her name because
then we set off people's echoes she
should really be smart enough
it's master drill things here Richie
definitely Karen that's all kara that
was her idea I'm so proud of her house
is like a boss battle this is the boss
battle which is very neat this is very
neat I haven't done very well so far but
I think it's neat
and I keep missing all the balloons I I
wanted to but I'm like I was worried
about where the where the border of
actually committing a felony was okay
like attaching their Alexa to an app or
or what a like actually buying an Alexa
remote just so every now and then I
could just have it say things I don't
know if you could do that yeah
Amazon echoed I'd say I am possessed
take me to an exorcist I did not know
they have that I believe there are there
are there are apps for that you do stuff
like that and then we would just have
complete control of their echo dot I
wasn't I wasn't sure where the line was
though decide it and go do it I was I
was actually in the stage like well I
don't know what the Wi-Fi password is
but I can hook it bring it over to our
apartment hook it up to our Wi-Fi Gideon
install the app I was I was I was I was
tempted that's yeah that's probably was
you far that is probably too far but
then I could make them think they're
there yep echo dot was possessed that
would be funny yes
neighbors are going to come back to
Richard Karen a whack of cash then they
will feel bad no then they'll just been
making up for not offering in the first
fucking place no it was still quite rude
to put us in a position where we had to
take care of the pets or their pets
we're going to die
I agree I agree it's not your fault that
they waited to the last minute to find
someone to watch their animals make it
play Nickelback oh that was the last
thing I did
Alexa played Nickelback oh yeah you're
doing that for everyone now rich bastard
I'm dying
oh man this is tough this is a tough
battle here this is a tough race they
know I live stream I don't think I even
over the fuck I am
let that well-known
used to hook up sprinkler system to do
take the mick there's echo duck enabled
ask well we're for one most residential
places don't have sprinkler systems
another thing they don't work like that
they're mechanically they don't get set
off by an electronic signal that's right
you went through that actually like
that's the smartest thing in the world
the the way that sprinkler systems work
that they're not electric like
electrical whenever you see in a movie
somebody hacking a sprinkler system at
every sprinkler head on the floor going
off that's absolute horseshit any kind
of system where all the head goes off
and ones at once yeah that's gonna be
like you will only see that at like a a
paper meal a paper mill that deals with
lamb oblique treated and paper you know
just look the most flammable should
imaginable in a warehouse is where you
want that but you don't you don't want
that in any other building like you have
a little fire and a waste paper basket
in our office and every sprinkler head
the floor goes off and then you've
ruined
tens of thousands of dollars worth of
computers right when you just need the
sprinkler over the fire to take care of
the fire in that one area right and so
the sprinkler head is filled with like
was like a little bit of emergency got a
little bit fluid that expands when it
gets warm right and if it gets hot
enough to say the temperature of fire it
breaks a little piece of glass and lets
the water flow down that's brilliant
whoever designed that we're designing
you get your smart cookie you smell
cookie
I think this dinosaur community
maybe they have new systems in some
places now rich living in the future
yeah but you wouldn't want this the
mechanical ones work just fine in fact
they work really good and they're very
like rich was saying there they very
specifically work so that like people
can't mess with them via an app if if
it's any if it's anything we've learned
is sometimes apps are not our friend
echo dot every is sometimes you know
apps can hurt us in the long run no fun
photos to Jack who can play almost
normal while maintaining a conversation
this is the job this is Mario Martin and
that's that's that's that's hard to do
it is we have to applaud jack well you
know luckily this is this is fairly
mindless where it's just yeah yeah stay
on the track you know you just gotta
stay on the track I got I got a decent
weapon here oh I thought I had the
tracking one good Jack yeah good I did
it you know just stay it stay on the
track that's it so this is fairly
mindless later if we get bored of this I
did bring the the second-place vote of
breath of the wild as I've been
replaying breath of the wild just in
case we get so bored of Diddy that we
need something else okay give our little
over an hour over flying yeah I've been
replaying a lot of yeah and I'm again
you and I have had this conversation off
stream already because we've gotten
together already outside of streaming
you want to save this for if you if even
if it's not tied when you play breath
wellness for sure
sure we can say yeah well uh okay hold
ah I can
six or six ancient lake then I'll hold
off on my whole breadth of the wild
thing Oh a silver coin challenge what's
the silver coin challenge to get to get
a silver coin I don't remember
I bet it really lot since I played this
alright anonymous says I'm gonna start
getting caught up tips Star Wars you did
it you did it suggest 22 says you
fuckers you did it I'm so glad I went
through things gamma X says my son was a
little kid I played this with him all
the time
this was so much better than Mario Kart
on the n64
thanks for playing this for us enjoy the
flying and boating and driving fun thank
you I remember this being fun and I'm
not a huge Mario Kart back all right
yeah so you know so far it is it's
entirely not bad
I like flying flags beep the you know
the this this is uh I think a great
example of why Nintendo kind of is
Nintendo where this is a it's a fine
racing game it's perfectly adequate but
you know these levels are super blah the
mechanics aren't white yeah fluid like
it feels driving feels kind of all or
nothing like you turn and say get the
secret key Jack where is the secret key
there's what Jack has never played this
game you know he doesn't know shit about
secret keys I got the coins I don't
remember shit about secrets I got all
the coins the game's framerate looks
like shit hey man you're seeing this is
60 frames a second this is mad 60 frames
a second of course split in half so
you're only you know 32 so it's only
refreshing 30 the key is on the ramp
there's a ramp I'm reading the things
Jack's got to start making love to that
our button why I'm winning
hot tip if you let go the accelerator
when you go on the go on a booster you
get extra speed I did I don't believe
you just take your finger off the
accelerator while you drive over our
arrow okay easy easy to check sure and
since yeah all of these old analog games
ran at 60 frames a second but remember
it the but I believe that there's no
writ rich wait for it but remember this
was interlaced time Oh ran at 60 frames
per second but only showed a half of the
screen at once so then it you know
essentially is 30 frames a second but
it's it's true it did run at 60 frames a
second interlaced so half of the screen
runs at 30 frames seconds the other half
runs 30 frames per second 60 frames a
second Wow
everything's fucked I thought someone
said they got all the coins Hey what all
I say this little Ito there's a little
meter and you have to win the race and
get all the coins oh you know it's it's
a neat little challenge to go back to
ancient lake drive straight off the
track and on a small ramp and the grass
is a secret key you're a secret key a
jack doesn't sound interested in the
sacred cape I sound interested in
winning this motherfuckin race and
getting other coins
anonymous says have you have you guys
ever farted so hard that you shit your
pants
do you even answer that no it's that
question deserve any kind of dignity no
like when I was an infant I shit my
pants all the time there you go that's
how yeah that's it so I'm gonna say
that's probably true oh shit
there was the coin I didn't get all the
coins in the silver coin challenge just
saying no will do yeah I know well I
know we're gone for a week so the people
the people got to get your bullshit out
of your systems and get it I get it
I can I can okay how about I got a shit
story for you yeah I got I was just
about to move on oh I got a shit story
for him so so midway through through my
my super diet time so this is like a
five six years ago Yeah right I start
super dieting and and I hit a little bit
of a plateau and and I'm not losing any
weight week to week and you know you
know you fluctuate a lot but I wasn't
losing any weight and so I needed to
change up my diet significantly yeah I
say to myself well what if I change one
meal with like a protein drink you know
take my breakfast and so I started
looking at protein drink breakfast
replacement meals like oh you know
calories and you know Soylent it's
basically Soylent right now and so like
I find some things and I see some people
mix it with iced coffee okay so you take
a protein drink you mix it with iced
coffee oh that's a really good idea cuz
I don't just have one drink I get my
coffee from the protein drink everything
would be great right I'm assuming this
is a really bad idea well keep in mind I
don't know what I'm doing so I head down
to the genes
the store that sells all the powder and
I start talking to this lady about like
what my plan is so I'm looking to
replace my meal with a protein drink and
she's like well you can't consider it a
meal replace unless you get X amount of
calories so you can't just have a
protein powder like oh that's good
that's really good to know and so I buy
like a protein put a chocolate protein
powder and a chocolate like it's like a
vegetable powder or something like that
I was like well I put these two together
it's enough calories and I'll mix that
with coffee iced coffee
it'll be great in a low calorie and
everything's fine so I do it I make my
concoction I mix it with coffee and put
it over ice and it tastes like you would
expect it to taste which is like
metallized ass yeah just like like like
poop it tastes like poop dipped in
copper it's awful but I say I can deal
with this like yeah you know the I'm
losing weight this is what's happening
everything is gonna be fine so I drink
it down and that very day the first day
I tried it I had a job to do it was it
was a really shitty job it was a domme
beverage action that was my job it was a
filming comp okay okay obviously not
giving the conference but filming it
kind of like that that sounds like a
more interesting story right yes no no I
said I had to film a conference and as
far as freelancing goes filming a
conferences is is uh is mindless work
because you fuck you uh so why are we
still playing this race because I didn't
get all the coins last time oh you never
actually you've never won the race and
gotten all well no this is the second
one all the levels look alike ah I won
the first one this is the second one
that I'm doing for a second time okay
so I'm filming this conference which is
very boring because he just filmed the
person speaking oh I'll be traps pushing
it
Oh that'd be cool and so that's it like
I just gotta sit I got to film this
person and then later they hand me a PDF
with all the slides yeah and I put it
together and it's it's and it's just
boring it's just boring work and about
an hour into this presentation this I'm
gonna get that coin that's all that
really matters
you know my my stomach she is a giggling
she is a talking to me
and I just figured well oh I just had a
massive change in my diet and sitting
down on the left oh that's probably
ready to go hey just tell us about your
poop story so my stomach starts to
gurgle and where where I was filming
this there we go okay I got it
till she poops fur so I was filming this
the conference was taking place in one
of those like co-working stations and I
don't know if you know what that is but
it's basically just like an office
building with a big conference room and
you pay like $50 a month to join like
the co-working station and anyone can
come in there and that's why someone was
giving a talk there is because you know
for the co-working station I'm gonna
give a promote my business and also you
know do whatnot so so the co-working
station a lot of people come in there
and there's only one bathroom this is
this is where the problem starts is
there's only one bathroom for all of
this area and my stomach is gurgling and
I make it all the way through the
conference I'm wrapping up now
this area's constipated this is Larry
Kenobi one three right I'm trying to
wrap up cuz like that actually that was
a crime I was trying to tell a story
while playing Diddy Kong so I wrap up
and I feel I feel my stomach about to
drop I get all my camera gear in my car
and I hit the only bathroom in this
place and I drop and I mean the entire
contents of my inner body leave my body
and it is the foul list office shit in
my life
that I remember it felt like every
liquid part of my body was removed from
my body into that toilet it was like an
eighth flush poop it was amazing
I get all I don't think you're using the
word amazing right I finally get to a
point where I feel comfortable driving
home and so like I stopped pooping I get
out of there nobody saw me I lucked out
nobody saw me I Drive home I spend the
rest of the day in agony just shitting
it's awful needless to say I'd no longer
drank that breakfast drink but a week
later someone wanted to talk my shit I
had a story where I shit so a week later
I hand in you know the stuff to my to my
client to the person who wanted me to
film their little conference and there
and they're like hey man by the way the
strangest thing happened we had to shut
down the place last week it's like what
happened they're like we think there was
a gas leak there was an awful odor and
we think there was a natural gas leak we
couldn't find it I quote because of my
shit I closed down an entire building
they smelt something so is this whole
story just your way of teaching people
not the tip horrible horrible questions
and comments I've been waiting for you
to pick up on this rich this story is
taking me eight years to sell it's gone
on for way too long
I thought it was Rudy to rub your stirry
about taking a huge dump in an office
building they had to clear out
yeah I exaggerated it I exaggerated a
little bit I went I went on a little
further gonna probably shoulda because
that was a dumb question
this person asked if we shit our pants
okay shit together
Jim doc says if you guys seen Isle of
Dogs sod up the weekend and thought it
was great thanks not soon
I've not seen aisle dogs nor do I care
about seeing dogs I have no interest in
seeing the fantastic mr. Fox is one of
those few there's one of those few
movies that I turned off you know 20 or
so minutes in and have no intention of
ever finishing because I thought it was
so I thought it's bad okay
and so Wes Anderson making in another
cutesy claymation movie I just don't
care
tired sad said this Christopher Nolan
get enough of the blame for the misfires
and the DCE you he was in charge of
shaping the original story and visual
tone of Man of Steel with David Goyer
and he hired
Zack Snyder I don't know maybe hired I
don't know enough about who was involved
with what that in the indie making of
Man of Steel so I I don't feel confident
making that accusation I don't know if
it's fair to say that he hired Zack
Snyder
but I mean I guess who knows who knows
who cares no one has a different sin in
the DCE what's that no one has the the
sin of dark gritty realism it it worked
for his take on Batman yes yes did which
which is like it's not his fault they
kept trying to do that without the
characters that's not his fault I can't
blame him for that
it's not his fault he was still the the
unless he actually said that gritty
thing I did with Batman that worked for
Batman let's do that with Superman
unless he said that he's not to blame
all right that's fair that's fair I
guess
zack snyder's the punisher yeah no one
could do the punisher huh
no one could do the punisher
I'm in second what I don't know that
he's necessarily the best choice but no
Zack Snyder should not do the Punisher
the Punisher is not lace and Zack Snyder
I said no one but somebody a chat said
Zack Snyder oh no no we should do the
Punisher that's an S tonight that's a
night throughout oh yes
no no one would be great one less I
misspoke which I've been known to do
sure III heard Zack Snyder um no one
would make a great Punisher because
Nolan is all about emotionless monsters
of characters and that's what the
Punisher is no one would do a good job
of that Zack Snyder is all about style
and flash and pomp and that's not the
Punisher no not really
not really what I'm agreeing with you oh
I thought you think that's not really
yeah like no he's not yeah okay yeah and
the Punisher would not work with that
kind of flash like I'm imagine that
awesome fight sequence from 300 but it
was the Punisher and those two things
would not mesh well together right
thank you
all right we're gonna try that level
again with my uber craft no one would
make a decent Punisher really what you
would want for Punisher you you want you
want the violence to mean something
right in the Punisher like you you want
the vine do you you want the violence to
say something I think you do because
because we've had Punisher schlock
before and it just doesn't work I think
you want you want the violence to be
meaningful in the point is that it's
pointless he's not gonna end crime
he's not gonna what he's not gonna end
crime it's all for nothing right at the
end of the day yeah but that's that's
still the point okay right well or the
point of the Punisher is that he kind of
likes it right yes right yes and so the
violence would have a point a purpose
but you would need a director who could
handle that kind of nuance and so that
director is
that's the question that's the question
Punisher is an angel of vengeance that
that implies a fiery passion I imagine
Frank Castle more just cold and empty
yeah yeah yeah
cold empty like like I I like the idea
of the Punisher like who at one point
had that vengeance fire to him at one
point yeah but now it's just she's just
kill him for the sake of it just kill
him for the same kill yeah yeah yeah
okay so you know who you get you know
who you give a Punisher movie to this is
an this is an off-the-wall choice and
they would probably never do it but you
give it to the Coen brothers think you
think you think you're Miller's Crossing
okay think you're Fargo think you think
you're like your horror violence but
with a meaning and as good give them a
good stunt choreographer but you give it
to the Coen Brothers
not at all his Ripley's brought up
scrolled up
I had my hey I had a hovercraft
retreating car the anuses Punisher he is
not driven by fiery anger there's a cold
hangar yeah no you know I really liked
reading born because I think that kind
of get yeah I mean it had a shitty
ending but I got a shitty ending the end
end okay you know the end and whether
the supernatural elements well or no no
we may be vaguely kwazii's oh that
didn't even bother me the the board for
anybody who doesn't know yes okay it's
the story Garth ian is wrote is like a
it's actually about the punisher in
vietnam before his family is murdered
and he's already a psychotic son of a
bitch but the end end like the very I'm
talking to the very last panel shows him
like hugging his family and after he
made the deal with the devil and the
devil goes your family's gonna die like
it was just one of those so obvious
things that it made me roll my eyes
no the supernatural element didn't uh
didn't faze me it was just like that
cringey last panel Garth eNOS is the day
I did preacher but he officer did a lot
of he answered a lot of work on the
Punisher but the panel I love though
from from born is just when they find
him the day after the massacre yeah and
he he just looks like a living nightmare
covered in blood
surrounded by corpses yeah and he scares
the soldiers who come there to find out
what happened
there's a lot of really great great
sequences in in born but but just that
idea that the Punisher is a killer one
at the beginning from the beginning yeah
and then to he's got this vengeance
thing but yeah the the the character of
the Punisher is someone who enjoys
killing who wants to kill and finally
finds an abuse and to kill everyone and
the wife and child being murdered is
really really just an excuse yeah go on
killing
exactly so something like an old man or
an older Punisher a Punisher who's been
at it for a while and who almost accepts
the fact that he's just killing for fun
at this point I like that idea I like
that idea I'm trying to think of you
know the another good fit
possibly I've only seen one of his
movies but the guy who whoever it was
that that directed the witch and you
haven't seen the witch but he also had a
really good like driving tone good
horror elements and good really good
like despair everyone had this emptiness
about them he would make a good Punisher
movie he probably insist on casting the
girl who stars in the witch because
apparently she's his muse ah but you
know that's fine make her make her in
the movie too I don't care I liked it
he's only directed the witch really
that's amazing
I'm sucking I'm sucking at this is that
you're having a discussion about the
Punisher that's true that's true
Cronenberg already made the best
Punisher film in a history of violence
a street violence wasn't bad yeah that's
that's not a bad that's not a bad a take
that is not a bad take my friend
I will accept that the history violence
pretty good movie get up the fucking
hell almost son zoo says right upon the
field of battle right right you know
what I don't know whose quote that is so
I'm just not gonna read it that's the
smart decision right it's probably some
zoo but I don't know and so I'm not
going to read it I think you've made a
very smart decision yeah nunim says
would you rather have blood-borne too or
something new from from software I'm
willing to take a look at whatever they
want to make next
absolutely how about either oh fuck you
game
I got my hovercraft for this game rich
and then and then I came in here to do
the challenge and they gave me the cart
back because everyone always said hey go
get the hovercraft
I got all the extensions it's not as
easy as you thought well maybe you need
to get good I think I need to get good I
think that's exactly what I needs to
rich
do a little bit of that getting good I
hope this is some really awesome
shortcut in here Jack nope oh no I've
already oh I can't even believe these
people are still racing
oh they lapped me I just passed someone
on I'm still in eighth I went backwards
for a little bit why I got stuck okay
and it was all for nothing Nana says it
and previous stream you said MC you
characters will inevitably die and how
it stripe an interview recently honey
for us Kevin Feige Fiji fugu Fiji Kevin
Feige said he was inspired by all good
things and said you can have satisfying
his conclusion satisfying conclusions
without without death oh good I think I
was the one arguing against needlessly
killing the characters for no good
reason and everyone and everyone in the
chat even though prophet wasn't everyone
but basically everyone in the chose knew
who's gonna die don't go to die it it is
okay you can have a satisfying ending
without anyone dying you can up the
stakes without anyone dying yeah I don't
want anyone to die because I like all
the characters what I what I and a lot
of people are saying is it's probably
going to happen but why but why because
people still think that you do need to
kill someone to raise the stakes or to
move on to a new chapter something I was
uh I was reading something or watching a
YouTube video who knows I something got
in my brain the other day where they
were theorizing a decent candidate for
dying might be low key okay because low
key is a fan favorite you know the
villain from the first Avengers movie
everyone likes him but it's not
necessarily a hero dying a tragic death
so it could be an acceptable death it
could be Loki dragon
and see I I agree like death at can add
attention it adds it adds some states
let's read the looks for the line given
credit here sharks purse says oh yeah
it's not the characters need to die but
there's more attention to movies if you
believe it I mean depends upon what
movie you're watching do you need or
want that tension you like do you want
to go through a viewing of home alone
believing that Kevin McAllister can die
first of all yes I'm in the the Marvel
movies are fun action movies counter
yeah but I'm not necessarily need the
specter of death hovering over my head
and I think that's a that's a fair take
there there we go there we go
I might be able to catch up
so you're saying that ten years of
fighting earth-threatening situation
nobody dies that's goofy people running
around in tights oh can fly the whole
thing is kind of goofy man the whole
thing is kind of goofy man but fight
villains don't want to take over the
world
it's goofy it's a comic book movie it's
goofy it's gonna get goofy target about
it like it's fucking Saving Private Ryan
that's a movie where you get something
out of mentioned that somebody can die
yeah anybody can die drama personal bomb
yeah world war yeah those are good
stakes
not goofy this is serious but yeah this
comic book movies are serious business
like when they main that made the man
out of the metal that can't break and
he's got a jewel in his head you know
that guy a serious serious business rich
you know when the movement the fast man
went real fast real fast is serious that
he went serious fast
Nana says rich
why didn't you shit super hard I might
for ready player one cuz I didn't hate
the movie I didn't hate the movie hey
wait you want talk about ready player
one yeah
that's not ready player one yeah you
know what I didn't hate the movie I mean
the it has absolutely zero substance to
it and it says still okay second movie
right it's it's feel Berg doing a
Spielberg thing thank her for such a
bullshit oh yeah
oh no it has like nothing to offer you
as a movie but is that fun an
action-adventure stuff yep no III liked
a lot of it I thought it was neat even
that final battle with all the nostalgia
shoved in your faces yeah I know I know
because it's red letter media we're
supposed to hate everything that has
reference to reference for reference the
same yeah they were the references were
like on on the same level as the
references in wreck-it Ralph
except for maybe near the end things
started to get a little bit obnoxious
from the iron Giants running around
punching shit that was fun but otherwise
this one no it was all fun it was so fun
you know what at a certain point it the
references hit such a point where I was
actually looking around be like oh yeah
hey I got a thing yeah you know you know
you know where you know where the
references are bothering me okay
the book okay the mike-mike read the
book he had the book on unset we did
that review okay and when we're done
with the review I was curious
sure movie made me curious enough like
mine did I borrow your copy of the book
yeah and he said yes okay and so I took
the book home and I started reading the
book and the references make me sick in
the book
it reads it reads his pathetic okay
it reads as a middle-aged man going
through a midlife crisis and he's
insisting that his generation was the
best and that his generation is so
awesome even kids in the future are
going to be obsessed with his generation
kids in the future know there's nothing
better than Robotron I'm the Atari and
it just it's so pathetic it makes me
sick
alright that's fair
I have a friend who I grew up in the 80s
yeah I loved a lot of eighties things I
think they're great but just the way
it's handled in this book it makes me
sick the the complaint I heard from I
saw it when I was down in Texas you know
a couple buddies went and I had a friend
who had had also seen read the first
book and you know liked it and he says
well you know basically so the first
book is about you know the this nerd guy
who saves the world with his knowledge
of pop culture and you know that's kind
of lame and I oh yeah I can agree that's
kind of lame he goes and then he wrote a
second book and it's about this nerdy
guy who saves the world with his
knowledge of pop culture oh but it's see
that's the thing it's not pop culture
it's specifically the shitty four year
old writer of the books culture yeah
yeah yeah he's a it's a kid from the
future saves the world with some 40 year
old assholes pop culture and I have a 40
year a 40 year old asshole yeah I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna insist the younger
generations have to suck off things from
my childhood I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
burden them with that ya know but
overall the movies really fun like it's
it's fine here you know what tell me if
you notice this not ready player one all
the live-action stuff didn't it almost
seemed like they had like a fuzzy filter
on it like it the the movie is a very 80
movie-like you could easily replace it
with the Goonies and be fine the
complaint I had about the live-action
stuff yeah it and the computer stuff for
both cluttered out of like some contrast
okay either either the the computer
world's all clean and open spaces and
the real world is cluttered mess or just
something where they look more different
sure but they were both both settings
computer world and real world just just
clutter yeah like a button you know I
think that was supposed to be part of
the point but
no no Park this is a tease was the
coolest decade look I grew up in the 80s
I agree the 80s is an awesome decade but
like I said the book reads is just
pathetically trying to hold on to the
80s yeah pathetically 80s it's 80s wank
yeah
like page 40 I'm not sure if I'm gonna
pick that sound
Atari games suck Oh Oh very much Atari
I'm sorry yes
no kid from any generation whose would
like Atari games I mean you would when
it was the only thing you had but the
second the NES came out the Atari was
fucking obsolete agreed
first first games I played were on the
Atari 2600 the NES came out and they
were all obsolete no it's fight like
it's all fine it's all it's all very
it's all very nothing yeah but you know
it's it's classic it's a classic 80
movie 80s movie the evil corporation who
just don't they don't understand the
kids man and the kid standard stuff and
standard stuff and I thought uh I just I
just thought it was kind of cute there's
like a it's cute
like did you watch I'm assuming you
didn't watch the review I did I didn't
yeah well I hurt my final assessment was
if I were grading this Summits monitor
scale it would be over 50 okay somewhere
near 60 but it it doesn't make it into
fresh but that's not to say it's
horrible
it'd be what like what's the fresh Mart
or marker on it I think it's actually 60
60 it could be it could be 65 okay it
would be if okay let's say and I know
nothing about Rotten Tomatoes yeah let's
say it's 65 anything over 65 ml fresh I
would put it at 64 or 65 or it's like
just I think it's just right there I
don't think anyone is going to remember
this movie yeah because there's nothing
to remember it's just references and and
the references are cute for perspective
because I did shit all over rogue one
I'd put that at like a fifty one the
characters are a lot more worthless and
Rome one though
oh yeah they're well Rogue rogue ones
biggest downfall was they were trying to
take it seriously and see look I have
this I have I don't mind H&R; tennis
they're fine characters who the girl and
big dude who was a girl in ready player
one H yes and Artemis Artemis all I
heard H and are no oh I was like I was
like oh did I miss some characters know
every everyone's a fine character
everyone's fine it's all fine
Percival's kind of a dull but that's
every character in row 1 and that's the
difference
okay
oh yeah knows fine you know what an
equally fine movie is rich Pacific Rim
uprising I also saw that while I was on
vacation and you know just dumb movie
with some fun action see robots and big
monsters I saw it I was like yeah the
big dumb movie with big dumb action is
fine yeah I was fine I think it's fine
though I will say this about Pacific Rim
uprising I made a little joke on Twitter
about this which is I thought it was a
really decent Han Solo movie yeah the
the main character John boyega you know
the Finn
I've got Star Wars is the main character
of the Pacific Rim uprising okay
he plays someone with a military
background who either got kicked out or
left the military like organization and
is now kind of a scam artist and grifter
and then you know he uses his military
knowledge to be a good scam artist and a
grifter but then the military needs him
back oh my god so he uses his grifter
scam artist knowledge to help the
military because he's really a good guy
at heart and I was like oh this is just
a really this is the Han Solo movie that
we all need I I don't know much about
the Pacific Rim - is it one of those
sequels that has like other than
universe has no connections to the
original like entirely different
characters different people behind the
camera there's different people behind
the camera there there's mostly new
characters a lot of the old characters
do come back and a couple of the main
players are the people from the first
okay okay it has enough yeah the
character Indra Selma is in the first
movie in the characters his son Charlie
Day is back as in a major role the girl
from the first one is back for a bid so
there's enough okay there's enough okay
of a crossover it feels like a
legitimate sequel
where do I go now no Han Solo trailer
tonight and you're excited about this
don't be excited about that why does
John boyega have an American accent in
Star Wars because historically people
with British accents in Star Wars are
the bad guys okay okay I'm gonna I'm
gonna counterpoint you ooh shit he plays
a former stormtrooper oh you're right he
should have a pretty well
stormtroopers haven't had British
accents okay okay
all the all the P in the original sir
just the officers had British accent
stormtroopers spoke in American accents
so that's my counter counterpoint rich
that's per counter voice but you know
these are the important questions sure
we review Cizre and obi-wan have British
accents hmm his race accent British
rich Evans has lost the ability to see
the magic well in Star Wars yes it's a
series that should have ended 1983
all right all right that's fine oh my
god what am I gonna what am i doing
I need more balloons I need one more
balloon rich oh there we go I found it I
found a balloon can I get it all right
got it
does rain have a British accent I think
so but this is how much I care I like
best I can do is I think so alright
alright
that's right that's good I guess it's
good enough I guess that's good I mean
it's gonna have to be good enough cuz I
don't know
madam says why did the Plinko board
switch from using a puck to a ball the
puck kept getting stuck like halfway
down a group we gonna prop together the
topic ado did you did you do oh I got
stuck um the ball goes to the bottom
every damn time Oh shitty design
I'll explain myself in just a moment
here
I didn't mean Plunkett Oh Ridge okay so
like look at this area here right let me
back up because I've already lost this
race so I'm just gonna back up so look
at this area where do you think you have
to go to the right of each other to the
left and and I see that balloon under
the waterfall do you see that balloon
under the waterfall and so I say oh that
must be the way to go but that's so
clearly a wall though right but I hope
my thought my thought was that if I go
this way like oh maybe the waterfall
will give way because there's a balloon
over there okay okay I did I didn't
necessarily see all these balloons okay
here I know what the map looks like now
so you know Oh
nice in the rail area okay I'm gonna
retry this level I'm gonna I'm gonna
we're gonna rock it every time
no we haven't yeah I do I do what ya
think I don't work
oh is that oh I thought they were
talking with a race no okay so back to
the plane keto board yeah this is
important you we had the puck and the
puck kept getting stuck yeah and the
ball doesn't get still doesn't get
stopped and gives us fantastic
randomised results the ball is
fantastically consistent and it's got
more bounce to it when it is gonna help
make it more random yes and it looks
good too and it's just easy to pump up
all the ball works great
Jack you aren't doing very well I know
but that's okay we can try again gotta
grease the board I tried actually tried
coating the puck and some got a silicon
carbon lubricant stuff I've had a whole
bunch of different lubricants on various
different type of putts
none of the pups worked as well as that
fucking ball this yeah that ball works
great
get fucked everyone else
- Brits own some hooligans because I
went to the hardware store to buy them
after parks kept failing and shit all
over the board or you just use a fucking
ball or you just use a ball well and
like if we're looping the board do we
have to renew bit every is that is that
gonna create like horrible glare on
camera that that invites more problems
or you get a ball
dominated dominated through Karen Bob
Barker got that puck shit down for 40
years I mean they had a 40 year head
start and they had an entire production
crew of set designers engineers and a
budget actual engineer yes and money to
spend incognito Lance's Jack I have a
random question on Jack what are your
thoughts on the they might be giants
album the else I thought it was near
perfect but the Mesopotamians has no
business being on there I've been out of
place tonality the else not not in my
regular They Might Be Giants rotation I
would consider that lesser they might be
good so it's still fine out them has
some good songs to it usually for me if
I'm listening today might be Giants I'm
listening to Lincoln or John Henry or
flood or their self-titled which I go
back to a lot also factory showroom like
all of them just basically all of them I
know it's like those five those are like
my top five they might be giants and I
could I could go back to those five
albums at any time and listen to them
front to back and enjoy the shit out of
them
I am NOT the super fan you are right I
like the flood the floods a great ass
Ford's a great album I can't even name
other albums I'm on certain days I might
give it to John Henry as my favorite
just because I think that has some
killer songs on it
after that you start getting into you
know the else mink car how many more
they have a few choice albums can I name
the dialo song collection the the
McSweeney's collection stuff stuff like
that even even their new one I don't
much care for they just put out a new
album yeah
it's called oh my god I'm not a super
fan anymore I'm a what is what is their
album called just call it their new
album came to someone saying here comes
science it's called I like fun
their new album is called I like fun and
I've only listened to it a couple times
and it didn't really stick for me the
past a crime they might be past the
prime they're out touring again which is
nice they actually came to Milwaukee I
didn't get a chance to see them but ah
fuck
just got ruined rich what happened I'm
about to explain you have to go take a
big ship oh I'm gonna tell the story
first then I'm gonna take a big ship my
night just got fucking ruined that was
some iced coffee that I got from so you
have to take a big shit no cuz there's
no other shit in there's no there's no
there's no protein powder in that or
anything that was that was some iced
coffee uh-huh
I rather enjoy iced coffee and I want to
do something that I wouldn't have to
worry about if it got cool while we were
streaming cuz I'm just gonna drink it
throughout the night but I got warm no
it's something even worse I drink my
coffee black okay just coffee
and for some reason employees of coffee
shops have it in their head that if you
order iced coffee the default should be
to have sweetener in it and if you mix
sweetener with clean yeah it's not so
bad
this is great that's great
you mix sweetener with I'm an eighth
place god damn it if you mix sweetener
with unreal uncut I found ya I found an
absolute long time it's not actually the
worst but just sweetener and coffee
tastes like hot garbage and that's what
I just drink is sweetener and coffee
together sweetener an iced coffee and I
hated it and it made me feel goo so now
I'm gonna not have any caffeine for the
rest of the stream okay we got something
the French maybe we got something to
elicit but I don't know why it is that
they that they feel like they have to
put you guys not have they were in the
studio jack is the whole problem Jack
doesn't want the sweetener sweetener we
might have cream wants he wants it black
actually we probably don't have creamer
here because J and I are the only coffee
drinkers and we both drink our coffee
black there you go so my guess is no
there is no cleaner here
Hammet right ho Jeeves says hey guys
TV recommendation the tear on AMC it's
like Master and Commander it meets the
shining only three episodes have aired
so far and it's been outstanding spirit
tense and just terrific
alright let's go with terror to the
terror the terror L lenses but there's
an error the terror okay
that's it hello at 86 says hey rich hey
Jack yeah hey Chad oh I think they call
the chat Chad Oh today because because
we say well chattin and then I think I
think that's turned into a thing this
happened one of my nose I think this is
the thing I don't believe this is a
thing I've never seen you call
yourselves Chad before channel if you
have not seen me trying to tell you this
in Chad you can play story mode and
co-op go to the cheat input screen and
input joint-venture cheers and thanks
for t there's just a letter T thanks 41
and they were fine what are you thinking
about the game yeah that's fine it's
fine it's no Mario Kart but it's fine
they're they've given you more to do at
the expense of some things like level
design and that the expensive or just
those aspects aren't as good I would say
you know could a Mario Kart have given
you the more to do
could an actual Mario Kart game yeah I
think they could have liked that because
there is there's some fun ideas in here
like this this whole idea of unlocking
new levels you know working towards the
new levels to unlock that's neat
that's some decent content but I don't
think the levels are particularly good
and I don't and maybe it's just because
I'm not used to the controls but I'm not
a big fan of the controls Ryan
WH this Mario Kart has been slowly
taking mechanics from this game for like
20 years brah
listen Brad listen Brea uh Mario Kart
made a Mario Kart like ten years before
this game came out are you saying that
the original Mario Kart is just like the
most recent Mario Kart games and SNES
Mario Kart they're pretty similar here's
here's the question that when did this
come out relative to Mario 6 Mario Kart
64 oh good question that's a good that's
a good question that's a question for
Chad
after okay
just came out a couple years after
Austin Lawson no it's not terrible it's
not it's not a bad game I'm just gonna
prefer Mario Kart well your cart would
be a launch title wouldn't it
I have absolutely no recollection of
what launched on the n64 yeah no and
Mario Cart does not add a you know
doesn't really add stuff to the formula
they have every once in a while they've
added a thing my favorite of their
things that they've added has been in
double bash the GameCube version of
Mario Kart where you could have two two
racers on the same vehicle yeah and you
could like swap the racers for different
then it got rid of that is too weird
people didn't like the double dashing
we're gonna see if we can ridden win
this race and then we'll change it up
this is gonna sound completely
irrelevant nowhere but we're just
talking about other games where you
drive cars and that's why I'm thinking
about it great
whatever happened to twisted muttering
why isn't twisted metal school thing
that's a good question
people people like smashing cars yeah
what was the point of twisted metal
beside smashing cars smash the curse
that was it yep car combat maybe it
maybe it was just too basic
getting a ps3 game but it did mediocre
okay okay and enemas room for another
twisted metal I'm with you rich well you
know what actually we don't know if we
need twisted metal anymore because now
we have rocket League are these things
any alike just cars going crazy haven't
you ever gotten the demolition oh fuck
not up here not up here we've ever
gotten the the demolition perk in rocket
League come on come on come on
I've played a bunch since Perks a little
bit no I mean like not the perk of
another one of those game modes they've
added no no it's a
where were you smash enough people you
get to not perk perk is the wrong word
you win a game and you smash on a lot of
people instead of like on your victory
on your victory platform they say
demolition ex oh yeah pepper Burke was
the wrong things
okay I've done some good a game mode
with stray other cars the randomizer
fuck you game I'm stuck alright as much
as as much as I've shit on it yeah I've
got a I've got a I've got a great idea
okay I've got a great idea no work in VR
Oh mister twisted metal of you arm
no no y-you need one sec you're driving
a car and you can shoot hey you get you
can have alright here's what you can do
here's what you could do in VR twisted
metal okay you couldn't do with a
controller yes or even a keyboard and
mouse okay while you're driving you can
also like shoot conveniently like you
have like a gun in your hand all right
all right now you're selling me a little
bit so so one while you're driving one
controller is the steering wheel and
this yeah you're all right that sold me
a bit I like it I like it and then when
you go to look you're not you're not
steering the car you just you'd still
drive straight but you can easily look
over and yeah it's something else yeah
I'm gonna say VR would work for twisted
metal now you're talking now that's
that's the selling point have different
different weapons yeah different
vehicles alright if not necessarily
twisted metal just some other kind of
car game yeah car destruction yeah yeah
okay then
just the Uglies look at it wouldn't be
twisted metal anymore we can call it
something else I don't care
car smash them ups wreck the super wreck
the car vo sure super wreck the car VR
alright game Sameer you're putting on a
breath of the wild mamma says just what
a sad love you guys and get Jack back on
it's been almost he okay back on it's
been almost a year he comes home when he
wants come on man was s hey fellas just
watch Justice League for the first time
why I was bummed they didn't use Martha
to bring Superman back if her name can
stop Batman
she's obviously powerful enough to stop
evil Superman yeah or why make the movie
at all oh when you're never and you can
wait to your back
visible string says baseball player
George Brett was once being filmed by a
local news crew and trolled them by
yelling by telling an incredibly
detailed story about shitting his pants
in Vegas the YouTube vid recommended
okay Nana says I know you said you don't
want to get into politics but what do
you think some reviews of far cry 5
considering it a negative that it takes
place in middle America and doesn't get
too political I think it's stupid to
criticize something for not getting
political or forgetting political like
let them do what they want to do me
right they want to get political let him
get political they don't want to get
political they don't get blue it's not a
message they want to tell they are okay
right there you know I don't you don't
do it you don't have to that's not much
better that's not much better at all
yeah sugar-free Red Bull that's what you
have in the fridge rich hides up I'm
also just thinking the other day

[Part II]
heids ah mine I was thinking the other
day about just Superman and and
injustice injustice okay like like evil
evil Superman and I'm thinking I I know
now how you end an evil Superman story
there's here's the okay here's the weird
thing about like injustice Superman or
like alternate universe where all the
superheroes turn evil and Superman leads
the injustice yes yep
it's it's weird that Superman just
becomes completely evil
okay that's weird because really
Superman would just be doing what he
thinks is for the greater good right
right so at the if I were to write a
story about an evil Superman I wouldn't
end it by having them being like raving
and insane will be Gog I'll get you you
don't you don't do that you know you
know how you end an evil Superman story
okay somebody talked some sense into him
and then he turns himself in that's how
that's how good Superman would solve the
evil Superman crisis it wouldn't be by
by punching him enough
it wouldn't be by exposing him to
kryptonite it would be by showing him
the errors of his way and because even
the evil currently evil Superman was
once you know good the same same
upbringing he would eventually come
around and then you end the evil
Superman story he puts himself in jail
he's sitting in the jail cell and then
like like this is my disaster going on
on the other side of the earth and he
just flies out of the jail takes care of
the disaster and then he just goes back
to jail so again this big hole in the
wall when you left to take care of the
hurricane problem you can't he just goes
right back to jail you don't you don't
do that you don't have him break the
wall the the this natural disaster is
happening on TV outside yeah and he
hears that and he hears that and then he
looks to the guard and and the guard
looks back and the guard unlocks the
door okay the guard a large door and
service is up I'll be back in an hour
but then he comes and then he comes back
that would be right
he's gonna he's gonna serve his time
yeah yeah he's of course he's gonna
serve his time because he's Superman
well what comic is that from where where
Batman kills the Joker on Superman's
behalf wait Batman kills the Joker
yeah is that in the injustice , I used
are you thinking of where the Joker
kills Lois of Superman kills the Joker
no Batman kills the Joker so Superman
doesn't have to I don't know what this
is and then turns himself in and
Superman walks through the the the
barricade in the prison to give Bruce a
hug because Bruce saved him from having
to kill the joke I have no idea what
this is
someone's gonna know this
someone's gonna know what this is it was
a dream in the injustice comics okay
that that was apparently a dream
sequence okay but it was it was that
same kind of adorable where Superman you
know like just walks through steel and
brick to give Bruce a hug because Bruce
is like oh oh
Superman alright there's problem with
the story nobody would put Batman in
jail for killing the Joker all of a
society would just be like you know what
you gotta pass on that we're fine with
this we're gonna we're gonna look the
other way well this whole thing by
getting obscure it'd be like the North
Hollywood shootout you got super narrow
I know what's the North Hollywood
shootout rich famous bank robbery
shootout that happened damn near 20
years ago okay it was like he was like
97 there was a famous incident in LA
where these two bank robbers robbed a
bank with ak-47s okay
and they head-to-toe were wearing body
armor oh and they robbed the bank and
the robbery went bad and the cops were
completely outgunned
okay these bad guys had ak-47s this is
before the police this is actually this
is the incident that made the police
start getting more militarized oh this
is the
that started because the police were
only armed with like nine-millimeter
handgun right right and they could not
shoot the bad guys because they were
wearing too good a body armor and
meanwhile the bad guys the ak-47s were
flat-out shooting through the cover the
cops were using because they had because
they had ak-47 right right okay
and the reason I bring that up now is
because once once SWAT got their shit
together and showed up and shoot these
guys yeah well one of them shot himself
but they shot the other one and one of
the criminals is lighting lying there
bleeding on the street could have easily
been saved the cops just let him bleed
to death they did not what an ambulance
come in no though there's still we're
still investigating the crime scene and
basically the cops deliberately let this
guy bleed to death and because these
were homicidal assholes who were running
around the streets with ak-47s and had
that dope body armor yeah nobody really
cared everybody just kind of gave this
incident a pass yeah I kind of let him
bleed to death
this case is fine it wasn't an unarmed
black man it was a homicidal mania oh I
forgot to change something caiman cops
do that all the time Richie yeah but
this was like on live TV this was this
was very public and more importantly
everyone agreed to be okay with it
instead of having you know outrage for
police abuse of power so I think the
Joker being murdered would go down that
way right like at this point every time
Batman brings the Joker in people have
got to be mad at Batman he's just gonna
get out again
why are you kill him what do I do it I
no time I only bring that up because I
was like watching a documentary about it
the other day oh sure yeah
boom great now back over here okay one
more thing to do we need to update the
stream which I am working on we are now
playing kill the Joker a thousand more
rise up to take us place no I don't see
that I don't see that happening if how
many Jeffrey Dahmer's are wearing around
since he got killed in prison if if a
thousand more would take his place then
they would also try to take his place if
he was still alive it's not like the
Joker is the cork holding back the
criminal the criminals of Gotham sound
like there's a revolution to continue on
right yeah
Joker's not going to die a martyr for
you know insane criminals right please
try not to be dumb hey hope here we go
rich Joker equals def Jeffrey Dahmer
kind of they're both insane people who
kill people the both insane killers yep
I mean Joker I think has a little more
Flair let's yeah that's I mean I'm not
gonna argue that come
not many people shed tears when Jeffrey
Dahmer died hmm and a thousand Jeffrey
Dahmer's didn't rise to take his place
and I think in that way he's equivalent
to the Joker sure I could see that rich
I could absolutely see that
daaamn word Dahmer had a little bit of
flair sure but not not Joker Flair
fun fact during the Hollywood shootout
cops went to a local gun store to get
more powerful weapons
yeah but they wouldn't have had to if
the killers weren't able to get their
hands on ak-47 I do I like that though I
like that they had to go to the gun
store that's a true that's actually a
true thing but they by the time they did
it swatted already arrived so it
actually was a non-factor in the outcome
of the incident okay sure that's funny
though yeah the criminal was done in by
it by SWAT using swats normal weaponry
sure
what a neat game this game is so fun and
I I wanted something I was going mime a
trip and I wanted something to bring
along on my trip all right you know I
wanted a new game and so actually I've
got blossom tales which you and I had
looked at as a you know possible game to
play on stream or just talked about like
I didn't even know it existed you're the
one who said hey look at this game it's
like it's like Zelda Link to the Past
yeah and we looked at the trailer and I
said that's not like Zelda over the past
that is Zelda a link to the past but you
know so I downloaded that because I was
like oh this will be an easy playing
game I'll check it out it is and it is
Zelda a link to the past it is there's
no bones about it
and yeah was that 26 let's see if I got
anything better and you know it's not
bad it's not a why aren't we watching
WrestleMania 30 for a great question I
stopped watching wrestling when
WrestleMania was still in the single
digits I think the last WrestleMania I
watched seven okay I think seven was the
last one I watched
okay okay dokey
so the flame blossom tails and it's is
cute but it did not hold my attention
yeah and so on a whim I was I was
looking through my bag of all of my
little cartridges and I see breath of
the wild America yeah you know what I'll
start a new breath of them I thought you
remained to replay this anyway I
probably would have eventually like I I
didn't replay it out of any purpose I
just I'll tell us this I'll start a new
game I'll start a new game and I'll see
if it can recapture the magic it had the
first time yeah and here's the thing
rich and and and this is going to be
full screen please see the game oh this
is widescreen game getting our yeah
that's just how it works because it's
not all the way to the bottom because
our oh yeah yeah because we have the
banner because we have the banner okay
yeah it's in the correct aspect so it is
that your ear absolutely right now it's
in the correct aspect ratio no I just
saw I just started playing this to play
it and here's the thing rich you've said
this to you before yeah it's actually
better the second time around Wow with a
caveat zelda breath of the wild is
better your second time with with one
caveat yeah that is you have to wait
like a year to play it for your second
time you let it sit for a while you have
to let it sit for a while don't play
like play it play the whole thing then
wait a year then played a second time
because then when you play the second
time it adds a layer of theming because
you kind of remember stuff but not
really yeah and everyone in the world is
saying you've forgotten
have you forgotten this because that's
the the story of the game and so it's
more in theme with the game where you
kind of remember that something might be
up on that mountain but you're not
really sure that's cute you do love your
theming I do I love my already farty
bullshit rich and and so I've been
really enjoying it the second time
around you know that you don't get that
oh I think I can take you well I guess
no burn oh shoot me nope oh that was my
last shield - I'm out of here fuck
fucked up rich okay how did you fuck up
oh I didn't do my reflector ointment I
didn't do my reflector I lost your
shield and I lost my only shield
oh you're fucked no I'm not fucked I'll
be fine there's my horse
god damn it where's my horse oh my shit
oh fuck I'm fucked fine just kill me
just kill me oh really
yeah I'd rather I'd rather start over
get my shield back we can't hear the
game oh I probably turned it so down for
Diddy yeah oh no we can just do that
right now cuz oh yeah that's right the
way this works that's right yeah sorry
guys we'll fix it
mama says do you have any stories about
disgusting physical attributes and/or
deformities feel free to go into long
drawn-out detail no I don't I'm sorry
I'm not sorry I know I don't how about
that
where am I and what am i doing oh yeah I
was heading this way
there's my horse manases rich was very
impressed with your recounting a
recounting in great detail that random
episode of Danny Phantom I show that
even as an 8 year old I thought was
pretty mediocre and forgettable
okay wait way to be kind of an asshole
wait way to be a way to be a
passive-aggressive twat
that's exactly what they were you talked
about Danny Phantom yeah okay
I've never seen Danny Phantom your kids
were probably good know you would enjoy
watching it with your kids cuz it's like
he's not he's not Peter Parker but it's
basically it's a spider-man style
superhero okay yeah I think you've
talked about him before was a kid show
okay say about it Wow did it
I always my god damn horse
oh I think I left him over there
but da da da da this games great by the
way I know we just we just kind of
talked about that but it's true it's a
great game watching you play it makes me
want to play it honestly there's a rock
up here you know what that means it
needs a little bit more horse variety a
little more horse variety it needs more
horse variety uh you know you get the
DLC and get a motorcycle have you got
the motorcycle no what do you need to
get the motorcycle I need to finish the
the champions quest so I need to get all
four divine beasts really then I need to
go through the DLC in its entirety and
only after then can I get any more
basically making you finish the game
first
oh fuck you a Nintendo before you get
your motorcycle and I really want that
motor I was gonna say you should get the
bike on the stream tonight oh that I
mean I'd love that but I don't kendo
since I saw a trailer for a rocket
League movie recently and it actually
looked fun what would your ideal rocket
league movie look like and how much
sports movie schlock would there be I do
not have any need for a rocket League
movie not games don't need to be movies
and movies don't need to be games it's
fine as a fun sport without a movie what
let's heresy rich everything needs to be
a movie everything a movie everything I
know I know it's just too much it's
overkill
they have weird recipes I've been I've
been concentrating a little more on
cooking oh that's nice that'll be good
what about a doom movie Robin probably
wouldn't be very good I know they made
one I don't know that I've felt much
like doing yeah wasn't very good we
don't need to do a movie we have a great
doom game yeah we have a great doom game
do movie could be done would you need to
alter it enough that it wouldn't feel
like doom wouldn't you those otherwise
just got a run guy running around
killing much demons which has its charms
especially as a game yeah yeah yeah well
you can do the do prequel as a movie
like what happened on the base before
the demons got let loose but yeah but
then would you care where's the treasure
chest you're supposed to have treasure
chests gosh dang I'm cut over my horse
I always forget always forget my horse
and I love my horse my horse is great
and it's cobalt cobalt my green horse I
don't see the value in making something
with no story into a movie just so dorks
can complain about what they got wrong
you said that it scrolled someone's
spitting truth they're rich when I give
them credit wonderful people you chat so
much as those tract things you've
wonderful people watching sport list
that's true there are wonderful people
they're wonderful people don't give them
credit they later do when I can't cuz I
lost track of the coming but here's
here's the odd thing about do movie do
with with so simple a story is doom had
they couldn't even get this shit that
was actually in do bright space marine
versus demons from hell and they fucked
that up
mmm-hmm steam soldiers fighting some
alien you know demons from hell the
virus makes it cool is that they're
demons from hell
with clothing feet and horns like demon
lady demons that's what makes it cool
yeah but but rich aren't demons silly I
mean let's be honest well they can't
piss off the Christians a timidly made
do movie if that's not a recipe failure
I don't know what is we just we're gonna
walk on eggshells for this doom movie
just pull it back a little bit our dual
movie might not appeal to Christians i i
i think i think there could be here's
the thing much like your dread much much
like your good action movies out
somewhere out there there's someone who
could make the ultimate doom movie the
perfect do movie and it still wouldn't
necessarily be necessary we we got doom
2016 we're good
I know someone violently disagree with
me and last time we talked about this
mm-hmm and I gave a shit for it because
I wanted it I wanted to springboard into
my go fuck yourself discussion okay
because I had some thoughts to say about
the phrase go fuck yourself
sure I might my personal opinion on doom
is the the lonesomeness of it all being
the lone Space Marine is very much an
important aspect of it being the only
one around the last one left alive
dealing with this shit isolated on Mars
it's part of what makes doom for me okay
I'm with you and I don't know how you
you can't do that for a movie you could
that's so in order to make any kind of
doom movie right off the bat you you
have to sacrifice one of the things that
I me rich Evans feels is integral into
the doom experience the lone marine I
think you'd get away with it uh-huh you
know you get away with it very similar
to what they didn't in do you know I'm
just ripping off what other people have
already done well yeah which is you look
at Dishonored 2 or doom 2016 where they
gave you backstory in the form of like
hologram projection as Argos right and
so like you could even have him like
talking to Holograms but still still
capture that loneliness that you look
that you want
can you have a movie with a silent
protagonist hmm I wonder what it would
Charlie Chapman would have to say about
that who was so close Chaplin Chaplin
God that was really close though but you
know he wasn't always silent because he
spoke sometimes can you have a movie
with silent protagonists that's a good
question well let's see here's the thing
if you do do them where it's just a lone
Marine fighting demons it's really just
a silent movie you have nobody to talk
to anybody right I think you could I
think you could you you give give the
hug you give the hologram projections
their own character arc as doom does his
action seek as do marine does his action
sequences we get those hologram
sequences uh it would be an interesting
challenge by the way that's a great way
to sell the script how well like what's
your what's your selling line what's
your tag line Jack what do you what what
what you say is we are going to do
something that we can put on every
poster in every advertisement it can be
a talking point for everybody who talks
about movies our main character doesn't
say a word and that studio executives
gonna be like yeah and remember like the
people who are doing this slightly wrong
yeah you say it'll be so easy to
translate for the Chinese market rich
Evans figures it out done fucking done
sold paid
uh yeah okay you're done you figured it
out just not like I know ain't all China
don't like demons don't like
supernatural stuff but you thought China
it's it's putative virus aliens change
the translation a little bit boom I just
lose my boomerang the way you play the
challenge rooms DLC up uh can i I don't
I haven't belated with the DLC I haven't
beaten the four beasts yep would you
need that to play challenger I don't
know oh do you get the bike just for the
challenge rooms baby or do you actually
have to complete all the dungeons this
is me now no cuz we get the bike just
for defeating the chalice dungeons or
the challenge dungeons or whatever the
excuse me whatever the fuck you call
them yeah I'm fine with that
okay okay there we go is what I need
I also think they want to see you play
the hard levels' cuz that would be
fucked sure yeah I can do
dlc one doesn't require dungeons okay
okay but which one gives you the bike I
want the bike
you need the Master Sword for the
challenge trials I don't have the Master
Sword Jack does not have the master
storm so can't do that
maybe next room do you have your old
safe from when you beat it no no cuz you
saved over I didn't make a new profile
or anything oh okay so no I don't wanna
bow that's nice I need a new shield a
new shield but I my thoughts of fury
road being intended as a silent movie I
mean it's it's not far off man Mad Max
is pretty close to a silent protagonist
I mean as is with the dialogue it has I
think it turned out just fine we're
talking about something that that may
actually be my favorite movie ever I go
that far off fury road I know that far
and I'm not disagreeing it's a very good
movie I think like if you're gonna
choose that I think that's a fine call
it's a very good movie Mad Max does not
say a lot of words in that movie is all
I'm saying
it's our silent protagonist oh yeah
and yeah Dredd also does not say a lot
in drin I think it's it's doable a doom
movie is doable and that's how you
that's if you're if you're writing the
doom movie if you're the screenwriter
for the do movie you sell it exactly how
rich and I said we oh we have a built in
talking point for all of our actors yeah
that's gonna get the movie super buzz
it's gonna be incredibly easy to
translate and it's going to be action
schlock which is selling very well right
now he got Pacific Rim you got ready
player one we have a lot of actions
schlock happening right now with doom
the only I mean the only place to see if
we get a free to get mileage out of it
as a story is the shit that happens
before everything goes down and the
movie would essentially just be a doom
prequel could could you do like you got
you know the penny this teleportation
now though this person didn't come out
the other side they just disappear and
then the day later they appeared but
they're kind of crazy oh what's going on
that could be the first 20 minutes then
the do marine shows up I'm just saying
pull up Prometheus with - I'm saying if
you're going to try and turn to them
into a a story that's that's where you
can do some mining for story in the
prequel League kind of what happened
before aspects yeah but that can all be
a hologram flashback while the doom
Marine is kicking ass and then the
entirety of your game is basically just
the ending action sequence it's doable
where are we what's happening there's a
tower over here think I add our sheep
there she be
Darby Matt our I have it marked on my
map
doom slayer needs a love interest here's
how I'd handle that into a movie okay
here's how I'd handle that you had this
loan this loan marine yeah who comes in
after he thinks everyone else is dead
but you get you get the even get the
person he talks to there's like a woman
who survived and he doesn't meet her but
she communicates via either radio or you
see her I'm like monitors okay and she's
like barricaded in an office somewhere
right and then in the third act you get
to her and you find out she she died
almost right away and you've just been
talking to something demonic who's been
trying to fuck with you well you get to
the office that she's talking to you
from not her and she's still talking to
you when you walk in the office but you
walk in the office it's just her fucked
up corpse there and and what you think
is normal action movie beads actually
the witch trying to kill you
well you yeah what you think is the love
interest is just demons fucking with the
protagonist I like it that's very that's
very Bioshock I like it
gorsh dormant so dead space I never
finished dead space neither did I and
I'm not sure I care - it's just it's not
high up on the radar not high up on my
to-do list so adieu movie is event
horizon and then dead space I've always
said that then horizon was basically a
dual movie dead event horizon is so
ripping off doom
prevent Rises too good to be associated
with doing doom is a bro shooter it's
fine if you love it but relax someone's
a stuck-up pretentious asshole
someone said that yeah oh man a bro doom
is a bro shooter I didn't know that
that's what you're going with man bro
shooter that's about the lightning
we gotta get we got it on equip some
stuff to put on our throne our bandana
I'm not gonna watch it now because the
audio wouldnt try to scream yeah you
keep telling me about this doom
commercial I will able to check it out
after the stream there's a doom
commercial apparently great
I love it
I love commercials I love doing great
keppel says Knebel rich what movie would
you vote for best of the worse in the
last episode and why what what was the
last episode last episode was a black
spine it's not about the one before that
which I didn't even see all the movies I
think they're talking about the death
stock or two episode oh I didn't even
see the first movie and I don't remember
what the last one was I just remembered
Deathstalker - I don't even know if I
remember all the movies we watched yeah
what is a what we're all the movies
there we only watch one movie in black
spine yeah and partners one partners one
best of the worst partners was best of
the worst always is best the worst
partners is best the worst even when we
don't watch partners y'all didn't vote
and blacks finally yeah cos they weren't
yam there it was that was kind of a
different thing and all those movies
sucked don beverage that's what I vote
how about that boom done that was not a
voting type situation that was uh we're
gonna talk about partners now hey buddy
Partners is in her early best of the
worst with a calendar from Canada and I
think it was before you guys discovered
him nope it was on the wheel because we
wanted to expose Jim and column do it we
knew what partners was at that time oh
yeah yeah oh we've had we've had
partners for a long time and oh boy oh
boy was one of the first things someone
sent to us when we started doing best of
the worst that's true that's true what
we were doing best of the worst yet it
was just because otherwise that probably
what I just sat in a shelf well we'll do
an episode we can't watch it the fact
that we watched partners after somebody
sent set it to us makes me think it
wasn't we weren't even doing best of the
worst yet that's a good question yeah I
think I think that was pre best in the
worst that might have been because
someone just sent it we know with the
note saying like my film teacher made us
watch his movie but they must they must
have known that we liked bad movies well
we talked about like troll 2 and and oh
god zap on half of the bag but what what
would what would make them send it to us
if we didn't do best of the worst I
think it might've been after mmm just
stuff for a while just they think we
will enjoy it yeah yeah we did flying
Ryan on on half in the bag oh okay okay
interesting interesting I don't know I
I'm gonna say it's after and what
happened was we pop we popped it in
because the note was so intriguing that
could be too and then we became
engrossed with it and we didn't think we
no longer thought
making an episode because we were too
engrossed by it I have to imagine at
some point we would have said wait we
need to stop and do an episode I I have
to imagine that I think we were too into
it and we were far too into it madam
says Jack I'm Jack any potential guest
stars on your Batman episode may be done
Wilson as commissioner or is this just
gonna be an all-out one-act fine just
for the joke it's just just the one bit
yeah we can't add too many bits fact
rods says hey guys so where that tip
about this shit was definitely a stupid
question I really love that stupid story
from you jack I needed a laugh like that
look Rick Nana says Joel Schumacher
falling down 8-millimeter phone booth
could do a decent Punisher hmm maybe hmm
I mean no it's easy to to judge Joel
Schumacher for doing uh Batman and Robin
mm-hmm very easy it's very easy
family the truth is when I think of Joel
Schumacher I don't think of the Lost
Boys or-or-or phone booth I think of
that's the guy who almost ruined Batman
the other guy who did it very particular
take on Batman that many people didn't
understand didn't like
did sir rich comment on solo trailer I
don't even
honestly I don't plan on watching it
I've heard they've there's a trailer a
new one yeah I I don't care enough to
even watch it right is the honest truth
who cares man who cares about solo why
do you care about solo people think
about it
what do you mean almost ruined Batman he
did well it wasn't too long after that
that Nolan picked up the baton I don't
think you could say he ruined it and he
got another movie out of it remember he
made two movie there wasn't there wasn't
that much time in between Batman and
Robin and Batman Begins like six years
is that it so really then you're only
talking like three years with
reproduction what was what was bad
better Robin 97 Chat Chat okay what do
you think what do you think this chat
saying eight years when I'll sink seven
okay that's more no it was just a there
was a bump in the road not a not a
murder eight years is a long time and at
the time this is before reboots for so
fucking common
I remember when Batman Begins came out I
was just thinking already this is before
reboots were coming but remember this is
the third and fourth Batman who came out
a couple years apart so to take to stop
making Batman after it had a that big of
a franchise life I think that's a big
deal alright I'm gonna call that a big
deal you say he killed it he killed it
they wouldn't have even bothered making
Batman Begins the dead he he he put it
in a coma okay well he didn't kill it he
didn't kill it he injured it enough that
they needed the best doctor they needed
a Nolan he didn't kill it he almost
killed it
yeah which was exactly how I phrased it
okay talking about it is about how right
I was
you were very correct in what you said
absolutely
you were absolutely very correct yes
rich thank you killed that iteration I
think when Batman Begins came out people
weren't sure if it was a prequel to the
Tim Burton movie
I wasn't sure because it could have been
yeah
yeah they were being pretty coy up until
up until you got to dark night with the
Joker I full-on thought then it was the
lead into Tim Burton's Batman huh my god
what's that bird at we're dead bird at
yo sad oh that's the elephant all right
I got the elephant what's Batman Forever
passable I I didn't like it that much
but the audiences did val kilmer Batman
yeah yeah that's it better than forever
I think oh yeah yeah no I and I mean the
the cast for that too
Jim Carrey at his height yet Tommy Lee
Jones Val Kilmer who is the lady in that
oh what's the lady's name Nicole Kidman
Nicole Kidman thank you
cut member which one she was Nicole
Kidman you have one of the best
soundtracks to the worst movie the the
soundtrack for Batman Forever is great
and I've even heard arguments that
Batman Forever
story-wise is one of the best Batman's
what presentation um you know obviously
that's a that's a Schumacher thing I'm
not necessarily down with but uh I want
to go I'm not that big I'm Jim Carrey in
it no oh he's a terrible Riddler he's a
terrible Riddler and you know what Tommy
Lee Jones is a terrible two-faced oh
yeah but you but also is what I mean
they don't the worst to face them but
it's what it's a Schumacher was he was
trying to bring back that that they
can't ride the Adam West camp and
obviously I thought that was the wrong
call I think there's a thing over this
way so I'm gonna go over this way
I think there's a thing over here see
this is what I'm talking about I think I
remember there being a thing over here
and that's about my horse oh fuck I want
my ow
can you whistle for the damn worse he's
way over there I think I'm too far away
oh wait wait wait wait don't get too far
you hear me
but Jim Carrey is trying to emulate
Frank Gorshin well then he see a
substandard Frank Gorshin he's not
emulating Frank Gorshin he's just being
Jim Carrey hey two-face teach me how to
punch a guy come here horse I should
have named him a horse where are you
where are you Cobalt there is oh there's
the bird the birds over there is my
horse hey yah horse time how about yeah
I'm gonna get you an apple that's a good
horse the James Bond franchise is the
most resilient franchise in history it's
just about run its course though has
that bummed can it can it I mean the
gimmicks gonna be to make him a woman
you need something you need something
and it'll get a bump out of that and
then the sequel to terrible and then
then I then who know then they'll go
then the then Oh okay ready ready for
what they do after that
you know man or woman after that
whatever they feel like but it's
low-budget James Bond I don't know about
low-budget they'll go back to being a
man after the second James Bond movie as
a woman James it'll go back to being the
man and it'll be a flat-out period piece
riff on the Sean Connery Bond sure tone
wise they'll go to recreate that
eat it cold monster extract great but I
predict the next bond will be female and
it'll do good because it's a it's a
gimmick hmm it's a gimmick sure sexist
female bond haha and then the next one
with the female will be like we saw that
we saw the gimmick you can't do a
gimmick twice and it'll be done but then
but then people be like but we did like
thirty of the other bonds and they're
like yeah we were tired of that and then
you did the gimmick and now we're tired
of that well then it's back to basics
yeah Sean Connery s bond takes place in
the 60s and it's got the goofy gadgets
all right I've gotta be down with that I
would kind of be down with that
I think something's over here right is
it like I'm I think there's a oh what oh
fuck I got metal
I got metal on female bond uses men for
sex it's a gimmick gimmick easy it's a
gimmick we're gonna spin as a political
revolution statement thing I can't it be
both can it be both
I can't we just let it die I if it's if
it's one franchise that I just don't
care about and don't think I've ever
cared about it's the James Bond
franchise Ruth none of them I I mean I
watched him and I enjoyed a couple of
them but I'd like if if you told me like
we're never making another James Bond
movie
I wouldn't care well I'm fine with that
because they've been like 20 of them
okay how about even if you said yeah
we're not making another James Bond
movie and somehow all of our prints of
every James Bond movie have been deleted
I'd say okay like I just wouldn't care
I'd save the Conn ringers and I really
like I see no rial okay I hated Quantum
of Solace no Casino Royale was shit yeah
I just wouldn't care take him away I
just would not care one bit
mmm there was something over here not
you guys I don't care about you guys I
got enough to teach in jelly
I'm gonna go fucker by you there's my
horse where's my Cobalt
you know like I remember watching the
goldeneye back in they didn't even all
the classic James Bond's and yeah
they're fine
they're fun they're cute but I just
don't care
Casino Royale was all right I don't even
think I saw Quantum of Solace that's
it's the bad one okay some of the chats
saying it was a victim of the writer
strike oh you're working on something
huge strike going on
can you just pause the production for a
month or two the strikes over maybe can
you just put things on hold
maybe not sometimes sometimes the answer
is no beat you know here's why rich if
you put things on hold it costs you
money okay and then the writers who are
going on strike have more power because
the longer they strike the more money
they cost you so all you're doing is
giving the people more power who you
don't want to have any power so what you
want to do is say haha we don't need you
even though like they clearly do writers
are the most superest superfluous
superfluous part of the process I mean
here well then why do you say things
suffered because of the writers strike I
mean that's that's the look if you're
Michael Bay yes that's like the worst
take I've ever heard the writer no man
man come on
writers have a job just like everyone
else sometimes you know sometimes the
the finished product is very different
than the original script but that
doesn't make the original script
worthless those were the bones that they
made the better thing out of if you're
like if you say well listen this this
foundation that you put this house on
like we don't even see that okay we have
this whole house we can just get rid of
this foundation because they got a house
on top of it see what I'm saying it yes
writers are an important part of the
process they're part of the team you
take out one part of the team
and you got a Michael Bay movie not yet
we are still putting these up on YouTube
I just got behind last week rich is on
it between taxes and taking care of my
fucking neighbor's cat go ball wait what
are you doing my horse just killed
himself rich he just jumped off of a
fucking mountain I have never seen that
before
well shit well now I'm at the bottom of
the what hell okay I have a serious
question what happens when your horse
dies you find a new horse why did he run
away from me there is a horse fairy
there's a horse fair he's a horse for a
they can bring a dead horse life I've
never used it I mean I'm not even I
don't even remember where the fuck it is
why did I think it's somewhere to the
south why did he run away from me why
did it my horse ran away for me I was a
good horse I was a good horse dad you
were a good horse I was a good horse dad
and my horse just ran off a fucking
cliff I can't save my drowning horse
he's gone then you resurrect your horse
at the horse fairy where's the where's
djaq need to go together with a horse
fairy because he can't just find a new
fucking I can find a new horse I just
didn't know if there was a better option
I I'm just I'm stunned I've just I've
never had a horse run off of a cliff
before you hope you can drown you
drowning yourself so you could report
back what you're doing no I'm gonna go
to that well no I'm not I'm I mean I'm
not gonna drown myself cuz I'll just go
back you know I'll just lose a heart and
end up yeah back here oh okay
I don't die from that I uh it's not a
bad idea though I could go back to my
old back has a short attention span
yeah what's over here odd trick says I
enjoyed Jack's poop story more than I
should have
thanks for playing diddy kong racing if
that was my favorite and most played
game on the n64 there's a few more of my
dollars for my favorite people thank you
thank you we got it Diddy Kong checked
off of the list we made it happen I'm
just I really liked that horse I had him
for a while I know I know I had that
horse for a while and he's really strong
you're gonna have him brought back live
it was a horse fairy somewhere in the
southeast I just I just I've never had
that happen before was that Rock Monster
I was a treasure chest monster I thought
I thought it was one of those uh you go
you dink dr. Lou it up says hi Richard
Jack I think there was something wrong
for the last half in the bag great
what's the wide shot why do the normal
also just started playing breath of the
wild myself really enjoying it so far
yeah it's it's a great game it's it's
the game I I don't think there was
anything wrong over the last half of the
bag there's a fine episode with Mike and
Jay is that what we're saying yeah yeah
Clarence ad says killing off characters
has become a cheap gimmick especially in
TV The Walking Dead exists simply to
kill off characters simply because
that's all they can offer instead of a
decent story alright sure storm Tipler
says y'all are back while you were gone
I left my apartment fell in love and
became a rlm patron now that you're back
I broke up with her and my life has
meaning jack here is your patreon cuttin
memento mori' Megan and I'm sorry
there may be glad how are we supposed to
feel about this it's a good thing or a
bad thing
Fenton Creed says you guys listen to the
RiffTrax RiffTrax podcast about the book
called 372 pages we'll never get back
they also covered his next book Armada
which is apparently even worse
no and I have nothing against them I've
never heard a riff Trek I've never heard
a riff track either I've heard bad
things about the book I think they're
talking about ready player one and his
next book Armada I've heard nothing but
bad things about the books so much so
that I just it's hard for me to believe
that they even were made into a movie
and Spielberg did an hour right jab he's
fucking Spielberg he made a decent movie
out of him it's a movie I probably will
not watch ever ever again
and it won't bother me my problem with
the book is that the writer has managed
to make a deus Nostalgia insufferable
for someone who grew up in and likes the
eighties
my generation was dust best asbestos
future generations will know it in fact
in fact we can save the world if we just
remember the 80s yeah yeah rich maybe
maybe maybe that's not the intention but
it comes off that way and it's brewing
the book for me yeah I'm with you I'm
with you 100% Oh precent Oh doo doo doo
doo doo where am I going
I don't know j-jack has lost all hope
after his horse died I I I'm a little
shell-shocked I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna be real I'm gonna try to be
emotionally honest with the chat and
with you rich Evans that now that I've
lost my like my horse I don't you don't
need your horse and oftentimes you know
you leave your horse places so you can
go climbing around yeah but in my head I
had a horse like oh I got a horse I can
get around on my horse just get a new
one it's easy man and yeah you know I'll
get a new one and I'm sure I'll fall in
love with that horse too so teleport to
an area where they got horses yeah
they've there's some horses over there
but I had a horse Oh am I gonna make it
oh fuck I hate this when you're so close
kind of waste of goddamn thing that get
up the mountain don't worry where's my
bow here Joe kitty 0:01 says hey guys
did you read the channel awesome
complaint letter no I heard about it I
don't have anything to add on it someone
needed to reminded me who channel
awesome was like that's oh that's how
little I pay attention to other people
on the internet I I don't even know the
base I don't care
someone else's drama like always I think
we're just gonna worry about our own
shit yeah oh look there oh it's dad yeah
let's just worry about our own shit I
don't know these people I don't know
what they do almost son Zeus is rich
that quote from my first tip was a 100%
original almost son Zoo quote I was
trying to do a thing you fuck anyway
here's some of the money that's sitting
in my paypal doing nothing good stream
guys you're welcome his link wearing a
skirt or a poncho no he's got a hood
with a cape oh wait did i crawl past my
thing oh yeah I want to go in this thing
he's got a little hood and cape
there we go see got a cool hood and cape
I like the hood in Cape oh but I'm
climbing now so I got change into Mike
my lame-ass climbing helmet look at this
thing lame
it was pretty shitty that they didn't
read the quote no no because people do
some shitty things to us we don't know
what that quote is right suddenly it's a
Hitler quote and then people are
clipping us saying that quote and I go
yeah yeah come on come on guys come on
Chad get with the program
none of us says can you guys explain
this to me you guys tore so hard to the
prequels in George Lucas as a person and
proclaim that those films ruined Star
Wars how do these new movies not ruin
Star Wars
I don't like Star Wars why are you
yelling at me I think you're confusing
us with Mike Mike did these things
called the plinky reviews I don't I
don't particularly actually no I just
don't like the last Jedi and I I thought
the force awakens was okay
but not great and I did I like both of
the force awakened and the last Jedi
what do you want out of me hated even
more I mean like it's hard to table
Attack of the Clones for shit man mm-hmm
but I certainly don't love the new ones
no I like the nude I like the new ones
fine enough I'm the one sitting here
saying I don't even care to watch the
new Han Solo trailer and see the other
thing is I like the new ones and I don't
care to watch the new Han Solo trailer
either yep I'm not hating it enough so
when in that person's mind I love Star
Wars the man who was sitting here saying
I don't give a shit about the new Han
Solo trailer loved Star Wars because I
don't shit on I know whatever the last
one was enough right people really love
absolutes and you know because there was
an absolute hatred wasting all my
fucking candy getting up this mountain I
better be someone good up here there's
not gonna be because there's no like
absolute hatred coming there's no
there's no there's no United Front
coming out of the new ones so they got
to be like why do you love the new ones
where am i and what am i doing that's
that's just the question of life here
am i rich why don't you drink because
I've known people who do go over there
that's a shot of mine it's not I had an
uncle basically over the course of many
years drank himself to death mm-hmm but
he was just a sad sack of shit yeah that
can back in recchia that can wreck your
your perception of drinking of drinkers
and rich yeah why don't you put poison
in your body to alter your state of mind
right how dare you I'm also just not
comfortable something altering my state
of mind - he's not I'm not comfortable
with that idea and that's fine rich you
get to make that call yeah that's that's
the thing that's the thing you get to
make that call I never I never saw what
was a big deal like if someone's
drinking someone's not drinking you know
no I'm not talking about Mike I am
specifically talking about a relative of
mine Uncle Mike it's very convenient
it's very confusing his name wasn't even
mine there's nothing wrong with with not
drinking ain't nothing wrong with not
drinking no no nobody at Arlen was an
alcoholic
that we know long could be you never
know just cuz you hold it just cuz you
hold your liquor well feel like I'm
wasting all my shit there we go
I do worry about that sometimes just
with me which drinking yeah every once
in a while every once in a while it runs
it runs in the family
yeah oh yeah just stop just stop
yeah I mean I do occasionally yeah
that's why and see that's why I like I
never super worry about where it's like
oh you know go we go go monthly I just
won't have anything never stick see you
should have said I can't and then I
would have gone but you know I do I do
find oh oh this is not a legend where I
can stand oh shit I'm gonna fall down
do you have stamina food I eat it all
I'm wasting it all there we go
you know generally when I start drinking
for the night I stopped working and so
yeah I'm gonna drink I'm gonna drank and
that's the plan and drinking is the plan
and that's why I worry about it you know
it's I think that's like the old school
Catholic in me yeah cuz I was raised
Catholic and when you raise Catholic you
are you're taught that the the act of
sinning isn't the sin yeah it's the
thought of sinning the want to sin is
the thin it's not just about sleeping
with your neighbor's wife
it's about coveting your neighbor's wife
right like that's the real sin and so I
think it's that it's that
catholic part of me so you believe in
thoughtcrime huh so what you're telling
me is you believe in what i'm saying is
that's what i was taught and saying that
is a that is a part of me and so you
know even even me just wanting to drink
is is part of the is part of the problem
whether it is a problem or not fan
factor 1986 i dislike the new trilogy
more than the prequels because they're
just miserable what the prequels we knew
things would get better with these
nothing got better new version of the
empire was their best idea for a villain
they're still not as bad movies there's
still not just a headache
to watch I almost walked out of the
theater during attack of close first
viewing I wanted to walk out of the
theater yeah that hasn't happened for
the new movies and remember the new
trilogy isn't made yet if you want to if
you want to like compare the the first
two movies to no judgments individual
movies oh sure but but they said like
the problem with the new trail of Jesus
they're a big downer and like if you're
judging the original trailer by trilogy
by the first two I bet a lot of people
say oh that's a real downer so it's like
you can't what I'm saying is wait wait
till you get all the eggs hatch before
you count him a friend I've been saying
for a while now that the series is
creatively bankrupt mm-hmm and I'll be
with you there
yeah there are more good star or good
Marvel movies and there are good Star
Wars movies Marvel's better franchise I
agree with you on that yeah and I like
the new ones but this is so so you got
to get five good good Star Wars movies
for and in my opinion well four and a
half three but Jedi in force awakens are
both halves that was that was my first
e^x treasure the new treasure princess
this oh shit there's a Lionel over here
I remember this I remember this rich
26
oh no you shoot three though well I
don't want three add one if you edit the
prequels you can probably get one good
movie out of them no because you don't
have it you don't have any likeable
characters editing can't fix that
editing can't fix the fact that you hate
all of the characters in those movies oh
right I know I have low battery nothing
can fix how awful anakin is what are you
what are you gonna do cut out his entire
romantic relationship with padmé padmé
however you pronounce that like for
tragedy and it needs to be a tragedy
you have to like anakin to begin with
like oh no don't anakin and then you
just think I'll just get it over with
man yeah you're watching revenge it's
just get it over with
oh god I hate this prick I've always
hated this prick right Padma's blah
obi-wan is blah waste Minda was a non
character who does nothing there's
there's nothing to edit
I agree I agree rich there's nothing to
edit you could probably get a more
concise story sure oh sure but you're
not gonna have a good movie no no you'll
just have a shorter bad movie there's a
line Oh up here and if I remember
correctly editing can work wonders but
you need the raw materials right like
even like let's let's say you you you
put Anakin and Padme to a minimum and
you just concentrate on the obi-wan
discovering the Clone Army stuff or
whatever right everything is still flat
the effects are still weird you don't
care about obi-wan necessarily and he's
acting very mana even even for you and
McGregor who is a good actor he's acting
like because George Lucas didn't direct
him properly no there is a 100% 100%
agree there isn't there is no bones to
be had thank you
fuck you rich and Jack favorite single
scene for the prequels I don't have one
every every shot of that trilogy is just
pure garbage I hated every moment I
spent watching them and these are the
point that even getting me into the
theater for the third one was it sure I
was dragged kicking and screaming to see
the fucking film by Michael J I did not
want to go with them they had to badger
me for a while they had to work at it
before I would get in the car with them
and go to see a new Star Wars movie that
I did not have to pay for just cuz
you're tired my time is worth more than
Star Wars right settle down everyone I
did it
how did my coche eventually get me to go
they did not stop they did not take it
well they took a hit they just didn't
care they just didn't care for which
riches well being I got a good laugh on
it that no scene is it's it's one of
them the infamous rich Evans
theater-going experiences tried to stop
laughing because I knew I was ruining
for the audience of somehow enjoying it
yeah seemingly I knew I was ruining for
them but I could not stop laughing where
is Padme
are you swimming huh you swim well sure
what did you gently put them back into
place and move over around
oh yeah that's a way to do - oh yeah
yeah that works too
three equals at least had some level of
creativity new films don't even have a
single thing that could be remotely
called creative
I agree but that doesn't mean they're
they're worse prequels are still worse
they're still worse movies the prequels
are still worst movies guys nothing is
going to change that nothing is going to
change the prequels being legitimately
worst movies which would I rather be
watch rogue one or Phantom Menace
fury road fury road is great
I would rather rewatch fury road - I
don't need debris watch Star Wars films
fury road is great
he's mana rewatch fury road like what
about movies you want to rewind these
new Ghostbusters or third prequel film
new Ghostbusters look prequels the three
of the worst films ever made mm-hmm
favorite scene in fury road the whole
movie from beginning to end I just had a
huge fuck of smile on my face that
entire goddamn film mm-hmm
something I enjoyed immensely was a you
know something that's almost a throwaway
in the movie is the imagery of the stick
people yeah as they're going like
through the fog bog area right I mean
obviously the whole movies brilliant but
put just that that imagery of like the
people walking on sticks through the bog
where I'm just like oh there's there's a
whole other world other than cars and
and explosions and I just thought that
was phenomenal
worst films ever made geez you watch
some awful fucking movies for a goddamn
living and a half and scroll down but
you get the point
relative to their budget yes you spent
three hundred million dollars making a
movie I it to be better than that soccer
- not at about the same level the
expectations people that's darker - they
were having some fun you you spend you
spend five hundred dollars at a movie
you expect feeders you spend three
hundred fifty million dollars on a movie
standards go up you can that point you
kind of want a real movie every movie
from the last best of the worst that
hasn't gone up on YouTube yet oh it's
better than the prequels every single
one of them they don't know about that
yeah every single one of them I don't
know every single one of those movies is
better than Attack of the Clones there's
a better constructed film well hold on
not the last one hold on not the last
one not the last one but the first two
are better constructed films then then
Attack of the Clones and the last one I
was more entertained by yes yes yes so
all three are better than the prequels
yes in different in different ways all
three are better than the prequels
okay the prequels might be better
constructed than a certain one one of
them which will go unnamed oh but only
one of them
he's going up tonight no oh no no it's
gonna it's gonna take a little bit it's
gonna take it it's gonna take a bit but
you guys uh there's one production
though you guys are you guys are in for
something you guys are something
something fun oh wow would you do she's
got a ton of tips today rich were you
drunk in the new episode no emotional
pancake wanted to know Matt is this rich
I just watched a video and Mike's
younger hijinks and it seems like you
guys destroyed a ton of shit
oh yeah whose crap did you destroy and
whose houses did you trash how often did
you get into trouble wait you go to the
you know you just go to the thrift store
and you find cheap shit or sometimes we
had access to shit that was being thrown
out like when my grandma passed away we
had a whole house full of crap that was
literally going to be thrown out mm-hmm
so that was all fair game maybe there
isn't a Lionel over here I thought I
remember a big Lionel fight happening
over here maybe I was wrong Nana says
the dlc horse saddle warps your horse to
you when you call it better than the
motorcycle to me but the motorcycle is a
motorcycle I think you could whistle for
your horse it would come from pretty
much whatever one's not from wherever it
has to be it has to be relatively close
yes I'm thinking of Red Dead Redemption
yeah that's I mean you saw it was it was
a pretty far away when I was whistling
for it but you do have to be relatively
close to it and it doesn't work if it's
say throwing itself off of
cliff put that out there on top of these
things I did get that I got the DLC
saddle a bridle though equipping a horse
with this maximizes their ability
increasing the number of Spurs
associated with them and then I think if
you get the whole ancient set that's
when you can teleport your horse from
anywhere that's on Red Dead Redemption
to believe it's out yep
all right wait that is specularly wild
speculation on one cinematic trailer I
can't I can't do that that would be just
just horrible and shameless you know and
I SEC something when you have nothing to
go on
shameless rich that's exactly what it
would be shameless well uh here's all by
all my my valuable insight thanks got
the Meg zo boomerangs nice sari Birds
stealing your eggs like give me some
gameplay footage yeah then you can make
critique on gameplay footage but it
would be gameplay footage right and not
a cinematic trailer
rich can you please predict the plot of
Steph's stranding disgusting
masturbation followed by rounds of
thunderous applause no no the the plot
not the critical reaction that's that's
exactly what I meant that as very
specifically what I was getting at yes
but then you acted like it was your job
Jack I don't know how I feel about I
thought I was I thought I was finishing
your joke
you were you were you were setting up
and I was I you were okay you were the
ethnic man and I was I was finishing I
apologize if you thought I was trying to
steal your joke I'm not mr. stealing
joke that's it that's a memory right
that's a memory I think that's a memory
that's what I was looking for earlier
where's my memories yeah looks about
right
all right we're going there we're going
to the memory and then there might be
some horses down there it's like a nice
open field to I'm not near a horse place
though
crabby uncle Lavvy says thanks for the
years of awesome entertainment FYI slay
the spire had a recent update and the
difficulty has been softened to a more
reasonable level maybe time to give it
another shot I don't know if you've been
around I've beaten on street
yeah and I've also beaten it with both
characters I'm waiting for the for the
new character I think I've unlocked all
of the cards that are able to be
unlocked at the moment and I I still
like it and I still think it's a great
game the master twenty-thousand says did
you say Kojima is unique and how
terrible of a storyteller is no he's not
unique in that way he's he's unique and
how much praise he gets for it mmm yes
that's the mysterious part yeah it's
like if anyone wants to praise him for
any gameplay decisions I'd be right
there
I'd be right there going yeah man that
got that guy and he can make a game he
can make an engaging game experience but
the fact that people praised him so much
for his story
baffling could not leave absolutely shit
out of me it just it just makes all
horses I got horses
I got horses peer people can I can i
zoom in on is that a white horse is that
the white horse No
now that's another green one all right
his gameplay is why he has fans the the
comment on our Metal Gear 5 video would
say otherwise our Metal Gear 5 video
where we consistently praised the
gameplay but said the star was a little
silly we tore apart and the comments
were oh my god the only thing that
mattered to people is the story right is
their way to the point where I have to
think you're bullshitting us here have
an apple have an apple hey have an apple
internet cobalt 8 apples right out of my
hands this horse doesn't like you fuck
this horse already come on a horse
hold on horse there's a rock I gotta go
pick up that rock that thing that horse
ran away to wait I'm gonna explode
hold on horse
back there come here
hey I caught you already come here you
silly horse you're my horse now come on
let's go let's go this way a horse dummy
that's what I'm gonna call you I'm gonna
call you dummy I'll call you horse I
don't care about you good thing going at
the apostles what a one says I feel I do
was going for an alien type of field as
in having the crew and characters dying
almost one by one
well we're its software kind of famously
openly influenced by aliens I think it's
I think it's just on the record that
aliens is one of the inspirations for
doom are we talking about the doom movie
or the doom game or what do you reckon
old Eeyore told him I was inspired by
aliens yes at some point there was talk
I'm making it an alien game Oh
but they decided to do their own thing
with a plot taken from one of their D&D;
sessions nice where John Romero caused
the world to be filled with demons
here's my memory I got to recall
something I keep thinking that I would
really enjoyed the nd yeah we've talked
about that a little bit and I had a bad
experience with a D&D; group years ago
ages ago they did not welcome me and so
kind of soured me in the game a little
bit yeah but I've known I've met some
people recently who who are either who I
either like and are interested in
getting into D&D; or or just already like
Dean Dean it's weird that I didn't yeah
it is weird that you did I think you
would enjoy it as well I probably would
and Mike was really into D&D; when I met
Mike yeah
okay because his own group was already
like a thing of time and I never really
got folded in right I never asked to
sure ah link he just doesn't give a fuck
wait I well princess I'd make a good GM
what's a GM do you mean DM Dungeon
Master I think I would make a good DM
yeah I think I could come up with some
fun stories but I don't I don't even
understand how the game works so I have
to watch some of that doesn't like Dan
Harmon do it like a D&D; like a full
playthrough with celebrities and stuff I
don't know they take it that seriously
but yes yeah I got to watch some of that
just to us I don't even understand how a
game would work you know how do you make
a character I don't know how do I know
it use your imagination jack how does
Jack I already have the champions tunic
if he's still unlocking memories because
you only have to unlock
one memory and then go talk to Impa and
an impetus you the champions tunic Jack
I'm breeding that GM is also
illegitimate
what's a GM Game Master Go game master
sure that's not always dungeon I though
I've only heard dungeon master and I'm
sorry so that's so that just speaks to
how little I know about Dungeons and
Dragons and I'm very sorry for insulting
anyone but topic says

[Part III]
qapla gook says you guys far cry 5 yet
my daughter is hogging the good pc of
the house used a house to plan the last
game she really enjoyed were breath the
wild GTI 5 seems like a decent FPS so
far I don't even have a body I don't
either - here so here's my review of Far
Cry 5 having not only not played Far Cry
5 but not playing any of the Far Cry
games is it kind of looks like a generic
shooter I wanted to avoid it
specifically because isn't one of the
criticisms of Far Cry games that they've
been say me lately and we're because
we're not that familiar with many of the
games I've played Blood Dragon huh but
can I ride this horse
do I get an achievement for doing this
riding the horse yay
yeah it just looked kind of generic to
me and so I it hasn't even been
something on my radar I have not been
interested in even looking at it because
I guess oh wait was that wait of course
course being horse what is that
that's a thing
the dang horse is that there's a stable
of course is that stable yeah it's
pretty close all right horse let's go to
the stable come on dummy horse gonna
stop it
most complaints and reviews I've seen
advent of the game didn't make a
political statement that is so weird
oh wait look is that the white horse yes
that's the good horse right Yes sorry
horse you're yesterday's news I just
found the good horse
which Metal Gear is absurd and tragic at
the same time much like real life I
don't remember the last time I saw a
flying fire well or the last time
somebody was possessed for the severed
hand of my clone twin brother I don't
remember that maybe you just haven't
been maybe it's not just like real life
maybe you just haven't been living rich
maybe it's a game and I I don't like the
tone they've struck in their particular
game and you just deal with the fact
that I don't like it while you yourself
like it and we can both go on and I have
enough stamina give me a horse don't run
off a cliff please
this is the good horse so we want this
horse drink and you know a stamina
potion yeah I think I think I'll try
that this time is up my stamina you know
drink a stamina that maybe wants because
I think this horse might take a little
bit more special horse fucking horse
get up link you dink go dink go
all right we're just gonna we're just
gonna try again I'm gonna have to look
into this Far Cry 5 review nonsense I'm
kind of curious what people are saying
it just looks generic well I'm gonna get
you you horse well they're getting mad
at it for not being political thing is
strange enough that I'm curious if
that's true that is weird about what the
actual non controversy is right which is
curious about the drama that is correct
yeah if there is drama like I again it
just oh fuck I ate all my stay I ate all
my stamina shit to uh to climb a
mountain for you look how much stamina I
can get back nothing you think you're
wasting it because that's not gonna do
the trick yeah but I like it a little
bit yeah but you're still not gonna get
the horse
yeah does anything else come his team
you know where the mushrooms do I gotta
cook them first sorry gotta cook them
what's this potion do is just a bunch of
dishes what cooking yeah let's just
avoid far cry 5 it's boring I'm just I'm
no I'm just curious about the review
controversy not playing the game alright
well dang I got to come back for you
horse
go down and I'm gonna go down to that
stable and cook more stamina meals give
it one more try maybe we can crack that
nut come on how did I get you the first
time maybe I had more stamina stop
running away I'm just gonna chase you
I'll wear you out that's something I can
do right
this horse is gonna jump off a cliff how
does it feel to know that this July the
dark night will be ten years old it
feels like time will be progressing at
its proper pace as it's been ten years
since the movie came out that's amazing
that horse just murdered me all right
horse I'm coming back for you
that horse almost murdered me oh yeah a
fucking horse and I get back up there
I can mark that on up all right
fuckin horse rich we're gonna get that
horse I'm gonna get that horse you're
gonna have to make a lot of fucking
salmon apportions I'm gonna get that
fucking horse if you can find it if you
can find it again did you mark the map I
did I don't know okay I just put the
blue thing that's why I put the blue
marker up there that's where it is it's
up there it's up there go make me some
stamina potions real quick I gotta wait
till it stops fucking rain and
apparently gosh dang it
I'm gonna do it though we're gonna get
us a horse it's gonna be great what's
this you're mine some mushrooms great
but boom I dog how's it going
wrench please play the blood-borne DLC
on stream yeah we did once I say didn't
you already beat Ludvig with the with a
chance oh right
it's raining I can't cook god dammit god
dammit god dammit can't do anything in
this game when it's raining yeah I know
that annoying something I'm gonna hate
that touch I get it I get it you know as
a little dice roll element nice and shit
from you know hey doodle oh thanks Nana
says hey guys today is my birthday
also as someone named Chad I can attest
I totally miss here chat as my name and
think you're talking to me
thanks for unintentionally boosting my
millennial ego welcome you filthy
millennial aha thanks Beetle
Beto's gonna sell me some crickets I can
add those two monster parts and get good
boosters great great get out of here
get out of here thanks butyl pocket
death traps threaten alpaca death trap
says rich because of rlm commentary
trucks I have launched alien vs.
predator Batman and Robin Justice League
and rogue one I hope you were happy with
yourself yeah kind of I'm happy maybe to
have entertained you with a wonderful
commentary track
you're welcome you think it was fun
watching Justice League again to do the
commentary track it's such a boring
movie it's such a boring movie it's
worthless it was the word I would use
it's a worthless movie they go rich
you know there you go
worthless that's a good way to put it
too and it's a good way to put it
alright you know what I'm gonna I got to
switch controllers this guy is almost
out of batteries are you going to join
Khan mode oh my god oh my god how are
you how are you gonna tame that horse
with joy Khan's Jack no boom going full
joy Khan oh these these for you these
feel terrible
ya hear ya I hear ya
what is that ingredient tired sad says
you know that is what what is that
ingredient bamboo it's been a while
since I played your bamboo maybe been
blue I never notice that the recipes in
the wall
yeah mask that's cool yeah everyone so
I'll take a picture of it yeah I get
some ideas for recipes
she's never noticed little detail never
noticed it yeah that's cute
it's great that's that first table isn't
now it's not it's near the beginning but
it's not the long with the big meadow
what the horses behind it no I saw that
Valley I thought it was no no this is
the one you know the this is the okay
this is the great plot to here and so
this is that one that's the one on the
other side of the big Reno where you
fight the centaur yeah yeah I think
you're probably enough this one yeah
maybe this one
just waiting for it stopped raining
hey dog you're my friend oh you do this
with dogs the joy con suckas controllers
I'm I'm exaggerating I I do greatly
prefer the the actual controller though
oh yeah like these will do in a pinch
and actually like I I almost kind of
prefer them
I almost prefer them without this thing
she I might just do that for a little
bit cuz that'll probably Millenia yeah
too firm where dogs been it's been with
me but but even too far they're they're
not quite right yeah there you go yeah
guys nice been in hey did you did
they're not quite perfect like this the
chat is wanting to see the DLC Jack
alright I can't I didn't even know where
it is I can't do no the the DLC hold on
I have all the DLC yeah okay so there's
master mode a harder mode that will put
your courage and skills to the test
you don't know no I'm just doing the
regular okay
heroes path mode this shows you every
place you've been on the map which is
kind of neat the travel medallion is
something I could get that you can place
anywhere and then teleport to a place
not that's not necessarily a thing
different and these are just bonuses
like a mask right and a treasure and
some bonuses up in the great flood zone
where the challenge dungeons so that is
in the the trial of the sword but I need
the master sword okay so I can't do that
the ancient horse gear I already got one
okay
apparently there's a book containing
rumors about the
oh the Highlands stable where's the
Highland stable I could
I needed the ancient saddle okay so here
in the champions ballad DLC I need to
wait until I have all of the mythical
beasts done before I can start it but
apparently it adds a rather meaty amount
of content yep so but I haven't I've
only gotten one mythical beast huh
so I can't do any of the DLC what I will
do is keep playing this and once I get
to that point I'll bring it back and you
can see the DLC what was the hilum
stable rulers 1 am I in the Highness
table where am I know what stable is
this outskirts table okay where's the
Highlands table
I used the DLC free in this game no no
no it's it's 20 bucks for both of them
horse armor I'd say it was a joke but
we're talking about Nintendo they're
probably oblivious oh yeah
they are cuz there is horse armor yep so
I only probably done completely
oblivious like wetlands table oh well
you know what I haven't even I don't
even know where the Highlands table is
yet where's the Highlands stable trial
of the sword is amazing Jack it's the
sword
like I need the sword I don't have the
sword yet right now it needs to wait for
it to stop fucking raining that's what
I'm working with how many hearts do you
need for the sword oh right like 15 12
god I don't remember all right now it's
stopped raining I need to start a fire
oh no they started a fire thank you all
right Jesus
jesus H crispy all right all right
how does this work now I got some bugs
I got some bugs rich I'm on bugs at cook
with monster parts to create a stamina
recovering elixir boom hold and monster
parts turn sad says have you watched
ricky gervais seus surveys Gervais
Richie Gervais is's Netflix special it
sucked but most of it was him talking
about how offensive his material is
which it isn't I'm getting tired of
comedians just whining about audiences I
didn't even know he had a Netflix new
Netflix I hear here's I saw one of his
promotional images yeah for his Netflix
special which was him shirtless with the
word atheist written across his chest
yeah holding a microphone like a cross a
microphone stand like a cross with a
crown of thorns and I said you know I
don't need to watch this well past the
point of that material being too edgy
right and and is so it's just that when
George Carlin dinner in the 90s it was
like whoa he's going there right right
it's it's a Netflix special where I'm
sure another comedian is talking about
his asshole prolonged ly like yeah it
just doesn't matter
and so I that it just didn't look like
anything I'd be interested in I need
more apparently
what are they talking about a stand-up
comedian special there we go that's it
they're saying that wasn't for the
special it was stupid as fuck but it
wasn't promotion for the oh okay well
then well it was enough for me to say I
think I'm done with Ricky Gervais for a
little bit how about that George Carlin
wasn't particularly edgy about it that's
just straight up high school teacher at
the time George Carlin did stand-up
material about there being no God I
don't I don't think it was comedy
no I wouldn't say it was common could I
mix you with monster pricey
what it's a weak-ass elixir maximum
hearts isn't gonna help attack power
isn't gonna I have nothing that will
help me with endurance here rich nothing
iron shell crab bro wait maybe this one
okay nevermind I got a couple I got a
couple cramps you're gonna help me with
endurance there we go okay now I got to
full stamina recharges we're going back
back to that fucking horse I'm gonna get
a new horse a better horse honest
question one did I find it find the
comment last question when did there is
no God reach a cultural tipping point in
a man what do you mean by it cultural
what do you mean by tipping point like
where it's a common thing cuz we're
we're just kind of getting there now I
can't think of I can't think of one
politician that has been at least openly
a non-believer like a big major probably
made yeah
I know that was the big deal with with
Obama during the election is you know he
he was saying like well you know that he
went to church here and then they found
those videos of his of his pastor
talking all crazy
when you know the truth the truth was he
was probably just like most Americans
and didn't go to church very often so
didn't know that that pastor was kind of
crazy
Bernie okay when pressed Bernie is
Jewish when pressed when pressed he's
kind of skirted the issue but also you
know Bernie's a senator of a pretty
liberal state like yeah not uh not a UH
and while you know a big a bigger name
in politics I wouldn't necessarily
consider him a major politician but then
again I guess who would you besides the
president right once once once the
president is atheist that's when we got
we got some Real Deals all right that
horse was around here somewhere I guess
that's what I'm saying maybe maybe
that's what I'm saying but what I
consider to be a major politician is a
president here's what we really need to
talk about okay sorry yeah go ahead
anonymous says did you see the tweet I
sent leaking to a video about phantom
sessions and theorizing ruining Star
Wars I'm sure people want you to watch
many videos but I think this one is very
enlightening yeah no I don't want to
watch the Star Wars video but the Star
Wars and Star Wars I just want my life
yeah that's why I didn't share with you
oh yeah I got the tweet I get all the
tweets racist I just don't care yeah
yeah I'm kind of I'm kind of a filter
for rich on what what I think he will or
will not enjoy and sometimes if you say
hey Jack show this to rich I won't thank
you for the tip and thank you were
sharing something that you thought was
interesting but I I don't need it I
don't need a man
I think Star Wars ruined Star Wars I
think the fact that people couldn't
believe leave Star Wars and lonely room
Star Wars and to keep milking it when it
was done it was done in 1983 but just
because of popularity they couldn't let
it die and that's what killed it it was
already dead it was used up but then you
just keep smoking something let's try
that's my own take goat don't mess with
me I got I'm going for a horse you leave
me alone so capitalism ruin a star star
wars yes Auto roundabout way yes yes I'm
putting it yeah absolutely 100% what
what how did I get kicked off flarg did
you waste uh I wasted a potion yeah I
got more I think I waited too long
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna call you princess and you're gonna
be my horse princess is there anyone who
could make a story spending six movies
and not have it eventually suck marvel
did you just get owned by rich Evans
major pwnage I'm sure there's others
there's other examples not the same
story for all films though that's not
true as Star Wars either and you know it
haha you are mine and I'm not gonna call
you princess I thought of a way better
name for this orange you know no way to
go Fanta Fanta okay that's my cool horse
okay come on phantom yeah haha
see you later horse look there's my
there's the other horse that was kind of
a dickhead
goodbye let's hope it doesn't die before
you get to a stable oh my god like tense
this ride of your life jack old I fan
'tom hey see you later dickhead horse
favorite Star Trek episode who watches
the Watchers season 3 of next gen so
them come on yeah go to thing there's a
lot of good Star Trek episodes
ok well because it's a white Bronco I
appreciate that comment I appreciate
that comment yep that's a that's a fine
joke thank you for sharing it with us
TNG cos versus T and G versus ds9
T and G TOS ds9 easy
but max get off the thing phantom is he
stuck I know and I like I wanted to move
a little faster but phantom slowly check
slowly walk to the stable phantom you
settle down I'm gonna give you some
apples once we get to the stable come on
call me shit ds9 number one what the
fuck is wrong with you
look ds9 is a fine show but it's barely
a Star Trek show I talked to Lisa
recently about about possibly you know
watching Deep Space nine cuz you know I
asked her the same thing because she's a
big Star Trek fan like yeah we've
watched the original series over a
couple times we watch Voyager through
and through and now said you know you
want you think you want to watch it like
now that we were older maybe it's
something we can appreciate a good show
maybe and I kind of feel the same way
word so yeah you know I like I like next
gen and I don't know if I I'm sure ds9
does some very interesting things but I
might like next gen too much where I
don't want that feeling ruined by Diaz
9gu snide is the anti truck right you've
said that before yeah look at this horse
what is he what are you doing it's
broken
why are you broken horse
so close to the stable it's my thoughts
on species 8472 I'm exciting
the Borg killers yeah underwhelmed
my feeling is underwhelmed well that was
all part of a whole big underwhelming
thing the Voyager yeah Voyager in
general the Borg any appearance after
best of both worlds
kind of you know well and it's just we
we had there there could have been
something interesting in like an
alliance with the Borg sure like that
was like an it could have been a neat
idea but it was it was all mucked up in
the Borg Queen and Janeway being Janeway
I kind of feel the same way I do about
the Borg that I do about Star Wars you
you told the story it's a very limited
idea you told the story enough put it
away
we're done they don't need to come back
yeah all right oh yeah here we go here
we go phantom what is that pH and I
might spell it wrong so tell me if I
spell wrong and is it dumb om nope not n
I know it's not M is that phantom yeah I
used okay
ah damn Danny Phantom yes registration
is complete
you're not gonna mention the horse I
murdered already alright how about you
are you gonna take an apple out of my
hand
yes Eyeborg was a good episode
ok the board had one phone appearance
after bested most both worlds everything
else was trashed
what's that long as I board hue-hue yeah
that's a good Borg episode were they
taken aboard like a pet and you know
never named him never named pet naming
naming naming that Borg Hugh ruin ruined
their wonderful plan that would have
saved the galaxy from the Menace that is
the Borg but don't you understand it it
also is is beautiful Star Trek
moralities the reason why next-gen is
the greatest is because they have that
morality but isn't the life of this
individual more important than
compromising our ideals fucking pinch I
will give it up to I born it's a great
episode but I do think in general the
the Borg didn't really need that much
exposure after the best of both worlds
true there were a threat with
diminishing returns yeah yeah as a
concept that kept getting more and more
watered down and destroyed I mean you're
not wrong like Star Wars ah you know
what I'm gonna board you I'm gonna board
you now that I caught you you know what
the original movies were good a couple
good video games everything else trash
fair enough rich but aren't you at all
further intrigued on how they work in
relation to further 8472 vs. federation
conflict no I'd be fine if neither of
those two races are ever brought up
again next-gen saved huge ds9 would let
the Cardassian motor here that's really
the difference between next-gen and deep
space 9 which is why I don't want to
watch TV space 9 which is why I'm very
concerned about watching deep space 9
I'll make a cup of pumpkin let's see
what this does meet some rice and some
pumpkins gotta get a cookbook is there a
way to get recipes how to get recipes
and is it is it like a specific mission
you do to get recipes I think you just
use your memory and experiment right
every now and then somebody will say why
don't you mix this this it's a good
treat right right mark it down in your
brain files my brain files don't hold as
much information as they used to too
much readwrite memory I already that dog
is already my friend I already pet him
and he already loves me he did the
little I love I love you thing deep
space 9 is basically what if every TNG
admiral was actually correct that's a
great joke you got it you got it
oh hey bird
haven't you always wanted more chief
O'Brien hey hey hey say what you will
miles is a good character and he works
better on Deep Space nine because
amongst all of the war and the the big
important generals and diplomacy
he's just the normal schlub mm-hmm Miles
O'Brien works really well on ds9 yeah I
can be with you there
laughter today and and and and in today
TNG crew could be overly moral Cardin
others can be too perfect but that's
just what the show was a show about
ethics and morality that's that's and a
show a show that whose mission statement
was kind of to bring the audience a
sense of hope by presenting us with with
good moral people I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry but that show could be too
moral and yeah I guess that's my problem
with coming full movies it's just too
much kicking with this at the point of
the show man that's not your taste
that's fine but I'm just saying if
you're fed at the start truck it's kind
of the point this yeah dragons back the
best the best episodes of truck are the
ones with the card debating the morality
of something damn straight
this is why I love who watches the
Watchers
I just like it I like a lot of a lot of
next-gen and a lot of the reason I like
it is because they they do they do write
they do good if Picard
if Picard was anyway Picard is Superman
he just does the good thing all the time
Picard is Captain America Darmok and
Jalad your awesome t-shirt fan you
famously have this shirt and a fan very
generously made to sent me one it's a
great shirt how the Darmok and Jalad
that's inaugural rock-and-roll t-shirt
is is a favorite of mine all the non
Star Trek fans like what I do I have a
problem in general wearing that shirt
because most people think it's a picture
of me as it's just wait I fell down yeah
she's a bald guy holding attached
they're like what is that you on the
shirt what's happening so that's
generally my problem wearing it button
what is that what is that oh that's
something I want to visit later boom
this game is growing that's vaguely
familiar that's familiar I forget I
forgot what it is but I've been on that
ledge
under that thing before right I don't
know if I have I don't I don't
necessarily remember if I have yeah yeah
it's team G metal no TNG is classical
music TNG is the stuff you're supposed
to be listening to because it makes you
smart TNG is Mozart Mozart
to us is classic black no no I like I
like rich is a initial assessment that
it is classic immunity no the original
series if T and G's is classical music
okay what is T us
oh I don't think classic rock fits to us
you know what TOS is it's it's sticks
its prog claw it's it's like techno
classic rock where that's a little bit
cheesy I think I don't you sail away in
mr. Roboto that is oh what's that song
sir what is it
you don't know what that is no folly
star what's a falling star it's the
thing you get you can use it to upgrade
your your outfit what some of your
outfits shit I got to get to it can i
teleport we'll stay there it'll stay
there it goes away I think at daytime it
doesn't last forever but I don't think
teleporting won't take it okay okay okay
well shit shit no I've never gotten a
falling star before sticks fuck you
that's that's what TOS is its domo
arigato mr. Roboto okay I think I think
TOS and T and G they're both classical
music just two different writers do
different composers Amadeus versus
Mozart or Amadeus versus whatever was
upon know who's the lowest le re who is
whatever yeah whatever man placed a
yacht here oh my god what is oh my god
oh my god it's right there
Jesus Jesus like I know I gotta hurry
I'm so pumped
I don't know if I read this puff Mac
says good news partners was a smash hit
at bad movie night I brought it sir at
the bad movie night I brought it to of
course the bad news now partners is now
sold out everywhere for all my friends
though oh that means that means you got
a one-up on them so you're welcome we
just made you the cool one I wonder why
thanks you hacks you're welcome yeah
like the amiibo outfits they were all
they all needed like the stars to
upgrade they're good for something else
too I don't remember what it is
specifically I have never run across
this in my entire playthrough the game
and I beat the game I think it's not
gonna an ingredient in like one of the
ultimate cooking recipes or some other
use I have never run across a shooting
star but they're pretty rare and farming
them was a pain in the ass a mysterious
stone fragment that fell from the sky it
looks like it would fetch a good price
but you may be able to use it in certain
recipes as well
well Shh oh I should have taken a
picture of it drop it
what if it disappeared after you dropped
it that would be terrible would you cry
I can't uh I wouldn't cry but wait no I
can't well err you know cuz if you take
a picture of like mushrooms you get that
right you should and then you can add it
to your that's weird depending but you
can't do that for the star which is very
weird right so because you dropped it I
don't know it's not as strange I'll just
take a picture of it anyway
yeah it's a star fragment does not get
added to the compendium yeah well shit
well I got it great great
alright now where are we where were we
oh fuck I was doing a thing what is it
doing oh I was way over here that's
right let's doing a whole thing I'm
gonna I'm gonna go my plan is I'm gonna
go talk to Cass and then we can call it
a night okay
aimless Coursera says I've had a real
issue with binge drinking I've made a
point to spend this month sober and
honestly I've had some of the most fun
evenings with friends while sober good
for you I can remember them good for you
good for you that is another thing I
worry about cuz you know like when I do
drink you know and and i I've never I've
never had that moment where it's just
like I've woken up and I did I get
blacked out I didn't know what I was
doing but like there are some morning
sorts like I drank a little too much
maybe I was a dickhead last night you
know I go yeah
again nothing where it's like oh did I
punch a cop I never had that moment but
you know I what you worry that you're a
dickhead
no sound princess I need that upgrade
upgrade some outfits so yeah that
happens sometimes there are some nights
where you just have certain regrets or
Gertz so there ain't nothing wrong with
saying hey
hey I'm gonna take it easy good for you
retro mania Joe says have you guys
notice chromatic aberration or edge
fringing while playing blood-borne not
really I've seen other players and
similar issues with it
citing eye strain and headaches after
prolonged exposure thanks I have not
noticed anything new singularity for
three two one says have either of you
read much George Orwell 1984 is easily
my favorite novel I've not read much
George Orwell I'm familiar with 1984
I've seen the movie and Animal Farm was
him too right
I'm gonna say yes but I could easily be
wrong yep
I'm gonna get up that easy way this time
yeah I mean I've read Animal Farm
because I think everyone had to in
school yeah
I didn't read 1984 but I've seen the
movie they're making a new series of
1984 right series yeah they're making it
uh like an Amazon or Nate Wow okay yeah
yeah looks good I think you might like
the ongoing Adventures universe I first
of all I don't think they would phrase
it that way
heart pounding action in the 1984 st.
Jack do you mean Fahrenheit 451 which
was when we taemin oh maybe I am maybe
there's it's a Fahrenheit 451
that was a Bradbury what's 1984 again
they're both dystopias 1984 is the one
with big brother but big brother is
watching not book-burning that's fair
that's Fahrenheit 451 I'm confusing that
I'm mixing them up okay I am absolutely
mixing them up madam says the best thing
about Star Wars prequels are the memes
okay Nana says I know why cobalt killed
himself he learned it from you jack he
learned it from you
madam says hey Jack try spinning that's
a good trick also since you got the
switch out
you should give splatoon to a try
sometime things go better than overwatch
I do know that they're adding a DLC to
splatoon too that really beefs up the
single-player element yeah which I hear
good things about button poke Alex and
the ISIS emanate may have rehash plots
but at least ray Finn and Poe and kylo
are interesting and you can root for
them YRF you can root for kylo
uh I think a lot of people want him to
be redeemable but no I think you know
he's abused to be a he's a bad guy well
and you know last Jedi there is that
there is that uh the t's yeah the root
for coyotes yeah I know people despise
rape I don't know why I mean I don't
know what I don't care wine I think
she's fine she magically knows how to be
a Jedi sort of movie she's fine
fine actress I don't hate her character
and in that way the new movies are more
redeemable than the prequels oh look at
his game it's so pretty rich the game is
so pretty
she's a Mary Sue why is it why is this
bad like I don't I don't think Mary Sue
means exactly what you think it means
I know the definition got all fucked
thanks to dick heads it got all fucked
it men see used to mean something fairly
specific yeah it was a blatant author
insert originally right
and now people just use MarySue to mean
someone who's competent nice okay great
we're doing great everybody we're doing
great
whoa bird
everything's great was that like by the
by the stepmother the standard that
marry soon currently has Batman isn't
very soon because Batman is good at
everything
Batman had view to the earth of training
and he's worked really hard in the
Batman Batman it's also a dude the earth
of training which it's nothing it's
nothing like that nothing like that I'm
not even gonna assume did the gender has
anything to do with it I've nights it's
not I'm not I know any wanted because
you go down that road you end up into
garbage politics and anything anyone
says doesn't matter they're just gonna
scream yeah the the only the only thing
is this kind of non sterile i crei have
existed before but it only came up with
ray I have to assume that at least part
of the whining is gender bias just
because it would have come up earlier
all right well I talked to Cass I'm good
I'm here
I'm ready we can call it oh we got out
we got a ton of tips today so I'm not
even close to going out
shit them catch up and I'll keep moving
no luck I think I'm gonna head my head
towards that tower over there it's the
president says hey guys captain
president some games like some orange
Chardon would be better as movies than
games yeah I could agree with that yeah
watch movies come to mind that would
make better video games than movies
that's a harder give they'd probably
terrible movies so I wouldn't give them
much thought right oh yeah that's that's
a harder thing cuz gameplay mechanics
are very different than storytelling
yeah yeah the problem is not many people
realize that gameplay mechanics are
different than story mechanics and so
they try to fill their games full of
story mechanics and less gameplay
mechanics last Jedi no that would be a
very boring game everyone would lose she
and I gotta climb this mountain now and
it's raining damn
we don't appreciate it says how's it
going guys I I've been a fan of rlm and
prereq for years but as I'm poor I never
tipped it's okay until now question what
is your method of dealing with
depression this is a serious question
and you should not be asking to
jackasses who stream on Twitch for a
legitimate answer if you're dealing with
depression you should talk to people who
are close to you and and and and just
get some get some tips from somebody
who's much more qualified than us just
pitting truth right yeah
spitting absolute truth and you know
that's also just good advice and for how
to deal with depression just talk to the
people around you yeah yeah yeah and
it's okay
it's okay to talk to the people around
you about how you're feeling that's an
okay thing to do don't be ashamed of it
everyone feels down sometimes that Jack
was a therapist no we are completely we
are completely unqualified answer your
question we're barely qualified to be
two idiots that play video games on
Twitch right most of the time so but but
good luck yeah but don't be afraid don't
be afraid to get a little to be
emotionally honest with people around
you I think that's what locks people
into cycles sometimes is they they
they're afraid to speak that you weren't
a therapist I'm spitting truth rich
Greenwood me
all right dr. Jack be with me here be
emotionally honest with yourself it's
okay to feel sad sometimes it's okay to
have a me day don't judge yourself by
other people stay
you see that's why you don't listen to
any of our advice you're welcome
Tomcat 2096 is hey guys
right hope you're doing well it's been a
long time since I caught the stream are
you guys my favorite ways to distract
myself from writing a media literacy
theory paper thanks guys
welcome media literacy theory paper I
had to write papers I did my best work
at 3:00 a.m. yeah staring there at a
blank screen for hours and hours and
hours and then 3:00 a.m. I'm thinking
jeez I can only get 2 hours sleep yeah
necessity sure sure
I never I never I never had that problem
because I am I'm I can
speaking of barely being qualified to
you know stream video games I can spew
absolute nonsense for hours at anything
I can talk about any topic for as long
as you like me the problem for me was
always you know editing that down into
something you know coherent but I just I
just block it out
Jax poopster it's a good example of that
right but then you gotta edit it down
that's when the work begins button
regimented scheduling machete bug says
do either of you watch science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur a neat
YouTube channel that tickles the sci-fi
and science centers of my brain hmm
figured what do you nerds might enjoy
him I've never even heard of it mark it
down I've never heard of it either
what's it called again science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur science and
futurism with Isaac Arthur tired sad
says do you think George Carlin or even
Sam Kinison would do well in this
hypersensitive era I feel like it makes
comedians like Gervais lazier because
it's easier to offend people now I don't
think Carlin or Kinnison would give a
fuck and they would still they would
still be great and they would still be
great because of it all so I really
don't I honestly don't think there is
this hypersensitivity world that
everyone complains about I think there's
just complaining I really don't think
there are think people are
hypersensitive about the hypersensitive
which is why talking about any kind of
this SJW anti sjw political garbage is
useless and nauseating but that's the
thing I don't think there is the first
typer sensitive thing that the people
complain about in the first place and so
it's just people complaining about
nothing that's all it is is nothing
gobbly gook says rich you've mentioned
four Star Wars and the Borg that their
story is complete and you don't need to
revisit it you have children someday and
if so you want them to find their Star
Wars I probably won't have children
someday but if I there's time they could
find their Star Wars
why does it have to be Star Wars can't
you have a new property that is
entertaining but their Star Wars would
be a new property I think he just means
that their Star Wars has to be Star Wars
part 20 22 and 23 not 21 because that
one sucked first of all I think that's
what they mean and no the people can
invent new franchises people can invent
new franchises that's true gotta hit the
other one too should I just burnt this
thing down there we go
oh good to get my arrows back I was like
that about this game if your arrows
don't hit an enemy you can go pick them
up mmm-hmm Falcon bow shit yeah
oh no I want the Falcon ball
so I got a weak-ass bone here get rid of
one of these guys that can bowl
what's this generations Indiana Jones I
don't know guardians of the galaxy they
don't they don't need the same thing
regurgitated verbatim guardians isn't
bad I'm sure there's a better example I
feature generations can have new things
what is this ready player one Shh
anonymous says have you seen any of ash
vs. Evil Dead Season three despite the
clumsy course correction in season two
and the season 2 finale hit the ground
running and still fun as fuck so still
fun and sick as ever I didn't even know
it was out I heard it was out oh I'll
probably catch up on it when when it's
done I didn't even know I didn't even
know I perform I prefer my my
entertainment in the form of binging
mm-hmm I was really upsetting Legion
came back yep really amazing show on on
FX
and whoa legions out again ok let's at
least and I watched last night like oh
yeah a new episode of the new was great
ok next wait what do you mean there's
only one episode we have to wait like
animals oh yeah oh it's terrible you
cannot see get up nothing in there
hmmm did c87 says just me and my seven
month old at home tonight
he just started crawling thanks for
keeping me entertained while I keep him
entertained you're welcome
did we do what we can anymore pirate
XCore says well Jack lose phantom like
he did with Cobalt
well the camera slowly zoomin on rich
while he cackles down on the next
episode of 1984 keep up the great
entertainment guys and Jack bye eggs
thank you that was quality well-rounded
tip yeah that was great we don't
appreciate it says Jack you should be a
therapist after that beautifully put
anti-depression rant here's another tip
to milk the stream a little more just as
Disney as milking Star Wars thank you
I'm just trying to try to spit some
truth here trying to figure out whatever
you need to do I need to do with this
puzzle rich and staring at it for a
while molecular Lionel's is rich Jack
glad you're back foolish and check out
the hit movie lockdown it's by the same
director as kill point and low blow
that's awful anyway thanks for the
stream have a nice Sunday okay blah blah
low low low blow low blow lockdown huh
Boop but does it have the same actor
is low blow in it but that's the
important part
low blow is the national treasure is
Cameron Mitchell in it it's not even
it's not even my doing Jack and I think
the chat spot to go on to emote only
mode oh no no what did you do chatting
it's like I didn't even need to poke the
bear this time chatting you got you guys
get yourself into trouble more than we
do
what lucky actor will get the low blow
job Oh Leo falling is still around
Leo phone is still alive put dad in your
pipe and smoke it that's craziness
Chad what did you do you're a bad Chad
the Oh Fung has been dead inside since
low blow low blow might have been Lea
Fong's magnum opus we don't know spirit
orb we should interview low blow
he's a hundred and twelve he won't
understand what we're saying
what I don't great are you are you there
I mean I'm oh I've been there I'm
waiting for you to catch I'm caught up
oh great caught up the Al Kut oh oh here
we go I gotta there's a stable down here
you have to save your horse whoa whoa
that guy needed something
hold on hey dude
what you lookin at Oh what's he looking
at
if we tried VR not for $600 we have it
right
would you like dedicate a whole room to
that shit some some VR setups yeah you
need you need like the sensors in the
right place yeah fuck that no get my
horse back now all right I'll save you
great $600 you guys have a TST mean
money I don't make any money off the
beams yeah I know every time every time
that gift loops rich gets 1/4 of a penny
I have $600 it's gonna go into a new
video card or something right it's
something useful something that you
might use more than once and forget
about right now yeah like you know we
could use a new laptop for in here
because this one is slowly done talked
about that we need one mm-hmm I was
thinking I was thinking about like you
know if I if I should get like a utility
laptop like something that we could also
use outside of the stream a little extra
money use it outside a stream but well
I'm looking into him for like a pokemons
go stream something well right or you
know if we need to I don't know do
something outside like do we spend a
couple more hundred dollars to get a
slightly nicer you know a laptop with
some kind of mobile Wi-Fi functionality
you can stream from that right no maybe
I don't even know if Pokemon go stole a
thing is it dead
no I don't know I don't know that's my
that's that's my final offer
I don't know rich I don't know
Pokemon go it's still kicking great
excuse me okay hey now is the time of
the stream where we thank all the people
who subscribe to us during this very
extreme much like Alex McLean 93
suggests 22 dial eight seven one who
says whoo eight months of giving you
Amazon money thank you take that B's OHS
I last 1984 / s430 four fucking months
in a row I shall rise again LaBelle solo
five six seven four 27 fucking months in
a row
true blue review for 17 months in a row
says a prank like that is why I sub do
you hack frauds in the first place I
keep up the great work
I cook for them some people might have
missed the prank I had some Amazon echo
pranks going on with my neighbors great
who for speeds in water their cat got a
lot of a cat everyday lysed liars t
maybe is the name
Darkwing schmuck says our lamb has
brought so many wonderful obscure movies
back into the spotlight that i think
it's only fair to give him a goin for
bringing back Freddie fingers nah not my
idea
fish facade almost some zoo anything
Jack you think I'm I'm uneasy reading
quotes that could be a quote from some
unspecified person who you don't want to
quote
I know this probably isn't how do you
feel about this and should I just move
on or should I read that I would err I
would say read it I just read it in my
head and it's like it looks like it's a
it's supposed to be a clever funny thing
so I say read it but do you you know
listening to me is a gamble in itself
rich the field of battle is like the
Mongoose slow to joviality but thirsty
for morning sunshine there you go
rich these are my quotes dammit I don't
fucking know that you could be a weirdo
we don't know who you is we don't know
what you has not Captain Picard says
happy did he gig did eing the kong mo
mike one two three four says series
question jack the porn studio asks you
permission to use the fuck pot 5000
character for a sci-fi porn parody would
you say yes lol
how much of it paying me okay
nobody well and so here's the thing
though the fuck bought 5,000 is not just
my creation I would have to discuss it
with with a few people yeah before
giving permission but you know I think
if they gave me some money maybe spread
that money around I mean you know like I
was I was there at the birth of fuck
bought 5,000 but that doesn't just
belong to me
Sonic's 96 the sheeps Terfel guar
funcle' for 19 months in a row mom its
development heck this is her a six
months I'm glad to support you guys
thanks for all the fun welcome got our
stars for 28 fucking months in a row so
it's emoji you with glasses then it's
exactly what they said
Joe Kitty double O one for 12 months in
a row who says hey guys been subbed for
a year now and I think it's time for
your review of what of what
Brod shit no waffle tail for 32 fucking
months in a row spooky Dookie child of
furniture oh my god
Barnum Mark Irish man 36 this new
subscriber for twenty four fucking
months in a row that's a penny for 18
months in a row Jake you know 831
fucking Lazaro says hope you had a good
weekend hack frauds thank you we did
then we did Titus 84 for 19 months in a
row bill hecka for 45 motherfucking
months in a row says 45 months we
finally get Diddy Kong Racing hardly
seems worth it so you know what's the
plan for the four year people coming
soon it's coming really soon
I think motherfucking it's gonna get
absurd Jack I think er I think that's
what they're hoping for but that it gets
absurd I mean motherfucking I think it's
fine motherfucking that cut off every
year we had another thing yeah all right
all right every year we got to add
another thing on top of the fucking well
fuck its sparklers next do you want to
do that no I definitely don't want a
double huge pain in the ass and then for
everyone who hits the four year mark we
have to wait for the entire sparkler to
fizzle I just know I'm vetoing that idea
the idea was so dumb I should have known
not to say it because you're gonna love
it played it and I'm just wait in
silence for the minute
uh kaleidoscopic who says holy shit
thank you guys for finally playing diddy
kong racing but what is your guys
favorite tidbit of history for reals my
head DB cooper always had a soft spot
for that mystery that's a crazy one I
dig you know something that I think I
think is is now taken for granted in
history it's just the very concept of
indoor plumbing yeah and you know I
think it was the ancient Greeks who
finally figured out like hey what if
what if we just took all the shit and
found a way to move it away from us like
hey I think you got something there and
also I talked about I think World War
one is is a war that's not giving its do
because it's so weird
horses fighting tanks so much more
interesting sure to add better villain I
get it but horses versus tanks who has
very clear absolutely it's an easier
story much much like the Civil War well
we're one that's the murky shit exactly
that's why I kind of dig it okay well
watch why yeah why carnage there's no
common sense here
pure fucking carnage it was so pointless
this is pointless the soldiers knew it
this the soldiers stopped fighting at
some point divided the way we do
whatever domain yeah yeah yeah yeah
anything is weird I think it's
interesting historically obviously a lot
of people died it's bad but historically
a crooked spiral for 16 months in a row
who says thanks for 16 wonderful months
of awesome streams here's an excuse to
say the name of the Amazon dot again you
gutless coward you cannot know you know
what I'm gonna be I'm good I'm being
kind and being kind to all of our
listeners who have an Amazon echo device
you're welcome how can't striker says
are you guys going to play battle tech
might XCOM meets giant robots further
win I need to see more about this new
battle tech that's coming out yeah
that's a rich question k2 beep boop
Edgar Allen hope over 21 fucking months
in a row Jack Lemmon Poe folks man that
is moose that one pretend ear for 16
months in a row digger blue underscore
for 18 months in a row says go Jets go I
assume you're talking about Benny and
the or just the New York Jets space
aliens super cocaine for 23 fucking
months in a row a Winnipeg Jets hockey
oh it's a hockey hockey oh I'm sorry
wait Winnipeg any chance why is it
saying we're playing bad rats cuz that's
left over from a joke I did at the
starting the screen at start of the
stream and now that screen has come back
after I came back from the end it's fine
oh sure sure the super space alien
Supergirl Kane says it's finally it
happened that's true D becoming finally
half Oh Diddy Kong's finally happened we
can we can tuck that away now
water Oh God Trix says almost a year
Oren's the real they on for twenty nine
fucking months in a row
who says here's the important question
if you didn't know any of the references
would ready player one to still be and
it's alright yes II yes that's the
correct answer
I'm sure I've missed several references
and it's still an alright movie but most
of them are fairly in the background
hmm yeah most of them and so you get to
the end and they started here's the
spotting soldiers Chucky yeah the thing
was the worst check is the thing that's
cute no it's all cute it's it's a
perfectly it's it's by the numbers and
it's perfectly adequate yeah
the suprise and the surprising part
about it the thing that makes it
somewhat interesting is that it should
be a giant garbage fire but fucking
Spielberg he's like yeah I can make a
movie out of this I can make a movie out
of this it's great we're at J bags v our
colleague Mike Ian 9265 kick girl V for
twenty four fucking months in a row says
happy two year anniversary to us indeed
war on God for seventeen months in a row
dear voice dear dear crazy
ivis gray rat six not Marc
10:08 and Jimmy lays fifteen months in a
row Lord of MU boo
sir dad three K says it's a three thank
you yahoo jeho beats trail 11 for 38
motherfucking months a row
says jagged rich give me a
recommendation for a book you've
recently read and a one to two-sentence
descriptor of why you liked it you guys
are always reading interesting things
Thanks well as I am reading ready player
one I have not read anything interesting
lately differently morphus the new book
by Yahtzee it's a it's a fantastic read
it's a it's cynical Harry Potter
meets Dirk Gently the book not not to
show and it's really great you should
definitely you should definitely listen
to it also it's an audiobook cuz there's
a great job reading it you differently
morphus it's been a while the last last
one I read that was interesting and I've
probably mentioned this before and you
remember it I'm trying to remember the
name I can't remember the name okay we
are legion we are Bob you've mentioned
that you have mentioned that before yeah
it's on my list
it's Angelus it's on my cuz every month
inaudible I get a free I get a free
audiobook yeah and I put that on my list
for next month when I get my free
audiobook we are legion we are Bob it's
the story of an engineer who dies but he
paid to have his head frozen and then
years and years later rather than like
reviving him like you would think you
pay to have your head frozen they take
his brain turn it into an AI program
that they shove into a space probe that
goes out into the galaxy and duplicates
itself and charts the universe it's a
weird interesting premise yeah I love it
I love it it's definitely on my list we
are legion we are Bob also differently
amorphous give it a give it a chance ah
a quake kanu purple space bazooka for 38
motherfucking once the Rose hey guys
good 38 months of epic heck frog ness is
true say planning to do another Sierra
games soon I had to travel recently so I
watched your police but AB police quest
one slash Space Quest one runs on the
long flights just magical please
consider another one thanks
I'm sure it'll happen sooner or later
yeah and maybe it's time we move on to
you know some point and clicks you know
get maybe a some classic day of the
tentacle yeah there could be some decent
voice work in there that could be fun
puzzles there are different puzzles
I've never played day of the tentacle
those could be fun okay there's less you
have reading in those probably but
there's a lot of voice stuff you know
like there's I think there'll be less
like area description it can't be wrong
but I think they have voices yeah I
don't want them I don't want that we'll
see I guess we'll see where's our thing
because because Cosmo gesture 434 Cosmo
gesture 436 mother fucking months in a
row usually want to add to that huh and
you want to add to that I want to up it
every year up it up it rich that was
exactly
you're welcome Chad Cosmo gesture says
pointless trivia did you know the Big
Brother from home alone does Kevin the
crazy tinfoil hobo in the new the tick
show on Netflix I did know that actually
and he's a fine actor as that's done now
write the full whole first season I
watch that you should you should one
meaning to get into it yeah the whole
first season is done watch it and we can
talk about it I mean it's great actor
clone 27:27 for 25 fucking months in a
row says Star Trek for review you said
that that's the thing he said Lucas
Ducas for 30 fucking months in a row
first cute I'm not that big on it it's a
gimmick which ones for again
they're in modern time oh that was the
whales back in 2012 well that's cute
I'll take I'll take two and six over
four twos great she was amazing two is
great she was right graphic on Mike
would probably put six / - I had to if I
had to guess don't quote me on that
which was six again voice undiscovered
country underscore country yeah yeah
yeah yeah sorry
I'll think - okay - and then I'm even
because I'm because I'm weird me and I
like one you are a forest going under
one - even for me to 186 master of good
ones for yeah transparent aluminum what
easy-peasy japanesey
oh my grim pandas hey guys seven months
and hopefully I can make it more keep up
the kick-ass streams missed you guys
last couple times we weren't we weren't
here the last couple sides so just for
you the grim panda mr. space platypus
okay what is it
bran flakes there's a lot of small
letters clustered together and I'm an
old man bran flakes four five four seven
oh man yeah casual horse I do I wish
cobalt was a little more casual today
the horse then killed himself
I'm stream it casually walk casually
walk right off clamp it did you casually
- didn't run it is what mosey over the
cliff what were you doing co-op for
twenty eight fucking months in a row
I think that's earth alight and it looks
can our that's a enfilade and select
okay entha light
JJ cheek er 427 fucking months in a row
who says rest in peace Cobalts pace 180
it's a nano watch Romania Jo hot dog
buns for 19 months in a row says Gold
team rules veto monopoly Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven
446 motherfucking months in a row
who says breath of the wild or linked to
the Past for final boss and ending
satisfaction I have an answer for this
specifically ending satisfaction final
boss in the wild and and yeah ending
satisfaction yeah I would everything's
back to normal
I fight the pig yeah I mean I have a
problem with the ending of breath of the
wild yeah what's up I want to go and
clean up everything now can you do that
and a Link to the Past
no but link to the past is it doesn't
have the openness that breath of the
wild those okay it doesn't have the
world that breath of the wild does okay
after after I defeated Ganon you know
what I want here's here's my dream DLC
now for breath of the wild is let me
play after I defeat Ganon and this time
and because Ganon son there's no more
Blood Moon so when you kill an enemy it
stays dead and then what if you like the
animation you want them to keep coming
back well then you do Game Plus once you
finally have all the new toys the
enemies start disappearing forever that
is an option then it's an option but
here's my dream DLC if you kill all the
enemies and they stay dead forever
and then the real game ends when you've
completely cleaned up Hyrule your job as
a knight oh god I would love that
I mean
I'm I'm not shocked it's not there and I
I don't fault it for it but it'd be nice
if you can go back to some of the towns
you got new diet like postgame dialogue
yeah I love that brutal legend did that
I always thought it was neat uh-huh you
go to areas after you're done new things
happen you get a few new like after the
game ends a few new little cutscene any
kind of things you're in there
and I guess I kind of expected something
like that with breath of the wild just
because it was so open it's so rare that
a game does that I don't know why you
would expect that I just playing is oh
oh yes I can't I my thought was like I
would love I would love like for this
game to keep going but you know Ganon is
defeated you you you clean up you kill
every enemy in the game every single
enemy in the game and then you get to
you finally get to like rest in the
castle I love that that's what I want so
I would say that a Link to the Past is a
is a pretty good ending satisfaction the
final boss battle in breath of the wild
those pretty wait no the boss medal is
kind of weak too well I mean it's not
the most amazing thing a Link to the
Past either right final boss battles in
the franchise your winners are Wind
Waker the epic rain fight with Ganon
that was pretty epic that's pretty epic
Twilight Princess is just the sauce and
I'm thinking of the same thing it's just
a sword fight with cannon it's a bad
sword fight oh and he turns into the big
pig again in the yes oh you're thinking
of Twilight Princess that's what I'm
saying I think you're talking to Skyward
Sword
no it's why the princess is the sword
yes that's not bad so that's good yeah
that's what I'm saying that's a good
ending
I prefer I prefer though the Wind Waker
ending it would wake hers much better
and I I give the game shit all the time
but I've never said it's a horrible game
after that I'd put again in Ocarina yeah
that's a good one that's good
oh those the two best final bosses of
the series
I'm down with that I would we got here
we got knocks 200 Wilkins the clown for
38 motherfucking months in a rope
menthols the noble Eskimo awesomeness
500 yeah Twilight Princess would be
third the sword fight what Ganon's a fun
sword fight it ain't as epic as the
fucking rain sword fight that the love
brain the oceans falling on them well
and but also got a fun fight and combat
in Wind Waker might be the most
satisfying combat I love I love the
combat in Wind Waker oh you just felt
you felt like the like the knight of
time the knight of courage I love the
comment wind waker rolling around your
enemies doing the what thing I loved it
so so Waker Waker flute and Twilight I'm
with you that's my final boss battle
Zelda rankings I like it I can be with
you there god I'm gonna be with you
there sorry where'd you leave oh that's
a great question I said I said awesome
miss five one eight Browdy is zero g
shots 443 motherfucking months in a row
who said been sick for a week with the
flu mist the dulcet tones of your
streams it Simon was very good yeah go
ahead
well no they say either was sick and
they wanted them Oh glad to see I
misunderstood him thanks like just
hearing you would have made me barf
that's what I cycle through that flu
quicker subsonic Bell who says Jack
favorite two-player board games
have you ever played The Rose King I
have not to play a board game time
Barrens is a good one okay I've been
picking up this thing called
called hex bug okay it's a two-player
it's like it's basically like a
different version of chess strategy
board game okay and two-player though
that's tough
what was the what's the dragon game
that's a pretty good two-player game
what's the dragon egg game that's a good
two-player game give me a second
give me a second drag and question
number 16 game sausage toes for 40
motherfucking months in a row says tip
by 40 hive that's what it's called not
Hexbug a hive Thank You Colonel rich
mustard there's a game called hive and
that's like chess with bugs 95 that's a
dragon game firing dog poop zel hacker
had to drag an egg game what's it called
psyche or games blue fuels left over my
beefcake for 41 motherfucking months in
a row snow cones watering cats or
suicide ball Lube lengthy poop stories
and Star Wars Lorraine we're back to our
regularly scheduled prereq and holy shit
we finally got Diddy Kong shocked emoji
there's a game called Red Ranger no fuck
just listen James Farr says thanks as
always guys have a great evening
you hatch trainings kraspo 37 there's
two players rich you can play up to like
four 502 but it has a really decent
two-player game as well midnight heroes
29 fucking
a row Jodie's scarecrow says invent your
own curse word see if it catches on yeah
I got it
what it's called underlings of underwing
that's great monster and ping Dill's who
says how is it that jack is so right
about literally everything
follow one question does Jack know what
sarcasm is hello thank you for
subscribing would really appreciate it
but before I hit end yeah
and really you're probably gonna thank
me Alexa play jeopardy Alexa has a
Jeopardy game
