May 2, 2018
Minit, God of War
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/257144605
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/257148386
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/257149751
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL9vkxNhY-E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zKts6XNIiw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbWObYxvuF0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/991762359764029440

[Part I]
we started there's no problems with the
mics there's no problem with the
green-screen what well they won't know
that yet because it's a it's very it's
very dark right now behind yeah yeah
stream is live hello everyone doing
hello
right now it looks like we're gonna play
Renan it that is supposed to be an M
doesn't that look like rim minute we're
in in it ran in it hmm Avengers spoilers
ahead we'll save that for the end of
this dream it's still pretty fresh
though continuing my joke from last
dream we won't really be spoiling it for
everyone as it's made enough money where
I assume everyone has seen it by now
just fucking everybody it's made so much
money its projected is that does that
shock anybody that it's made so much
money it's well it's mcgann much much
like Pixar before their string of
failures it's just it's another it's hit
after hit yeah but this is the one this
is the one they've been building up to
right so I am absolutely not shocked at
all not shocked at all that they cracked
two hundred fifty million for the
opening weekend not shocked at all they
you know what they projected uh I'm
happy a beat Star Wars oh did it yeah oh
great if ant-man and wasp does decent
which comes out in a couple months
yeah it's projected that man wasp isn't
gonna do two hundred and fifty it's not
gonna do 50 million but if it does
decent its projected that Marvel could
make more money this year than the DC EU
has in its lifetime
yeah okay that's great yeah I think
that's funny you're saying this like
this is supposed to work the thing that
made the bad
okay I hear get right at them all right
hey everybody this is minute and you're
this little duck man I played a little
bit of a minute just to see if it was
something that I could play and it is
here's an out of town either of you read
the Infinity Gauntlet comics yes rich as
and other than maybe it's kind of
superficially related to the movie but
not not really
wait what
look the Infinity Gauntlet comics as
compared to the infinity war movie you
did not set that up at all all you said
was somebody asked to the chat if I had
read the Infinity Gauntlet or we had
read the another right and then you said
kind of related to the movies but not
really you didn't set up that it the
story was kind of related to the movies
I'm with you though I'm with you so the
story is somewhat similar in the comics
but not wholly sizzle I know his his his
drive is different as mochas motivation
is entirely different his motivation is
very different in the movie Danny feels
more or less like Thanos but his
motivation is entirely different yes
do
now I have the rings down a nap
Jenkinson to Templeton
Reed Richards defeat Thanos in the
comics no at least not in the old
Infinity Gauntlet there might be some
storyline somewhere where he did but in
the Infinity Gauntlet no basically all
of the heroes are completely useless
which is largely the point right
struggling against the impossible thing
so unless we gonna have a little Rockets
out so what is what alright what is
going on what are you doing
why is everything black and white this
is the same makers have done well I
don't know I don't know if this is the
same acres of down well this is minute
and the the elevator pitch for a minute
is once you pick up the sword it's a
it's a little adventure game and you
only have 60 seconds or you die
to beat a stage or the entire game need
to beat the entire game okay and so in
60 seconds you kind of have to figure
out how to get a little bit further and
a little bit further and maybe there's
paths you can open up and things you can
get but you only have 60 seconds can you
walk around without the sword no once
you pick it up you have it can you just
not pick it up yeah well then you just
can't give her a part because you need
the sword to that's what I'm thinking of
yeah that's the series of 30 second long
RPG adventures okay
I played a little bit of this so I know
that the guy the guy in the shop here
says it was to grow the guy says he
wants me to kill all the cracks and then
presumably after you die after the
minute the crabs will gum no no the
crabs respond so I think what I need to
do is kill the crabs and get to the cafe
okay
grab-grab so are you a duck oh yeah like
a duck maybe you took that curse sword
please drop by the factory ASAP okay
listen I only got a minute kid kill
these crabs what do we think of God of
war so far we already went we had the
discussion today oh and it's a it's a
it's a raucous it's a hoot Manny it's
it's a hootenanny there we go I got the
coffee wish there are some music
I'm not making it very far but now that
I have the copy I can push these things
and that's as far as I got when I played
it okay home okay is you know so it's
basically you know puzzle solving with
with time not on our side game audio is
a smidge Bob okay head over there take
care of her oh my god you did it you
turned it completely off what do you
think of that I think that might be okay
okay
Bridge turned it down a smidge
that's way
so is there going to be a song he wants
or is that just a thing I don't know a
cute thing I just don't know if you open
the bridge I'll take care of those
creeps okay all right
key down there that could be useful a
key down we're on the other side of the
plate where you came from
yeah so I got to find a bridge thing
there's on the other side of a bridge
Nerada look like you might be able to
find a way to walk around together yeah
I'd have to take another look though
well I'm on to other things oh here's
the thing I got the watering can that
leaves my sword but I still I still die
in 60 seconds
okay I got the watering can
apparently I could just water that once
but you can what are you
and I want my store back my story back
let's go check out that key situation
Chad hates this game great fuck it
oh there's a key Oh the fountain you'd
have coffee so obviously this boxes you
can portion there we go so I got to get
over there I probably won't make it in
this life here's probably to the
surprise of no one I I had pretty
middling feelings about God of War
mm-hmm
mostly I felt like it was lacking some
arty party bullshit that I felt like I
would have enjoyed in it and so I I want
to play this to refill my Artaud meter
this is my argue or your arty-farty
bullshit I don't see the art what's the
art that's a it's a cute idea yeah I'm
not seeing the arty-farty Jack it's look
at it boys how is your story translating
into game play house how's that working
well I don't know we haven't got you
back your sword on the head tell it it
did a good job I hope you can I'm sure
there's gonna be some sort of life
lesson about the value of time and life
and blah blah
there's always some sort of bullshit
who's already far the games get this key
there's a kill yourself button if you
want to quickly restart for some of the
puzzles oh I got the lighthouse key
that's what that key knows much the key
to the lighthouse okay but I don't think
I'd say hate it but I have no stronger
urge to play this okay so now the
question is I've unlocked the lighthouse
is it unlocked again or do I have to go
get the key again sir is there a in-game
reason for how you keep coming back
assert the sword I picked up his cursed
Oh
so the curse brings you back the curse
kills me and brings me back we assume
sort of the three hearts for those lives
do you get like 90 minute 90 seconds no
three minutes nope I don't know what
that extra heart will do I just got it I
presume it will help me in some fashion
I mean it's a heart it's so it's good
maybe maybe there's gonna be a thing
later where I get hit I got the
flashlight
great this game would be infinitely more
fun to play than watch I can't believe I
was worried it would be a sleigh the
spire stream that's some that's some
harsh criticism from Chad what's up with
Chad they don't they don't like this and
they don't like sleigh this fire or they
don't like either I think they're saying
they like this less good deal with it
how about that bug you I think I could
break that at home see if I can break
that point spend my life to break this
boat
it's wasting my life alright I'm gonna
try this kill yourself but they do they
have a dedicated kill yourself button
good perfect alright I have a flashlight
and if I remember correctly when I went
up here this little dude said please be
careful because this place is too dark
the dude does have music he likes when
you choose the right song he'll smile
that is a bull
in a sign matter
look at just agonizingly slow water to
walk through every location is 500 races
ghost is only one
all right so what what are we trying to
do right now what's going on I do
there's a saw haha okay well first
things first I think I think you're
gonna have to keep saying what you're
doing and what's of course it is for
this straight for a stream of this game
to work I'm with you so right now I'm
gonna head back to that coffee shop
place to see if I can find the right
song do you do you have to get coffee
every time or did you start with it no I
just start with it that's the good stuff
do you feel it everything is terrible
does that doing it does that do any good
I don't know do I get anything maybe
it's for something later okay so now
what I just noticed on this playthrough
is when I got to the other side of the
cave there was a song where shemin's
hates everything especially you for
asking if he hates I like out of war
god damn it you did
you did that's gonna be a fun edit and
we rich and I had a lot of a lot of
talkies that was we've recorded that's
it was about an hour of talkies for rich
and I for a previously recorded for wait
I want that yes I know that was hack
baat I'm still responding to it because
someone has done true someone had to
input the code it's badly I'm responding
to the person who made that hat PackBot
message yeah basically you know what
else I like Jack what do you like
fucking the Zelda breath of the wild at
1080p 60 frames a second so you didn't
even you've been playing it playing hey
I'm the plena cuz I've had to play God
of War but I did I did take the time to
set it up noticing like facial
expressions on link that I never really
noticed before
oh it's beautiful it's fucking beautiful
the facial expressions
express I minored in a blue cap to match
those champions tunic so you get that
you get that classic link feel mm-hmm
but the colors still pop oh yeah you
after after our stream on Sunday rich
was just showing off all the Marlins I
could this one oh it doesn't that one
look cool and by the way someone did
look legitimate you can get a full Giga
Klan outfit yeah yeah which honestly why
is there no Liga Klan outfit in breadth
of the line I don't know
wouldn't it be great yeah what it would
be great if you could find the you could
Klan outfit and then sneak into the ego
Klan base and they wouldn't attack you
for that divine beast mission well
that'd be cool that'd be a neat thing
Winkle from from the the dynasty warrior
Zelda game she's like female link yeah
well but that's what the game she's from
yeah she's from a Hyrule Hyrule Kingdom
is that what it's called
Hyrule warriors that's it oh okay by the
way check this out is I got to this area
and it said new home selected so now I
wake up over here okay that's so that's
how you get further as you have
secret temple
I'd show it off I don't know what the
legalities are of streaming that though
so I'm going to avoid it I mean morally
I feel fine I do own the fucking game
but legally speaking right it's probably
best if I don't stream there there might
be some gray area yeah if you are
earning money yeah yeah off of the
stream course does Jack come around to
emulators yet no I
I thought I thought modded Zelda breath
the wild wood would put him over the
edge that didn't make a dent
didn't make a dent it did make me a
little jealous cuz some of it looks
pretty fun so if it looks pretty fun
though I think it's too little too late
because uh I just defeated the the
champions ballad DLC nice and riding
around on that motorcycle might be the
best thing in the world so it's a new
dungeon eventually right do you get a
new oh yeah well so you get you get a
you get four you get twelve new trying
shrines and in order to get those
shrines each of them has like a little
thing to do before you get them either
it's like you have to defeat like a big
like a high knocks or something or you
need to get a specific item or you need
to do like little races it's cute it's
great it's a ton of content and this is
after the one-hit obliterator section
yeah then after that there is a full new
dungeon I'm just curious about one thing
yeah
doesn't have a new boss yes okay yes it
says oh oh and by the way that's the
other thing about so after the so every
section has three new shrines yeah
then after every shrine it's another
calamity Ganon boss fights okay one of
the old ones but they take away all your
weapons and give you one specific weapon
set to fight the boss with you
and so like you have to figure out how
to use what you have to fight the claim
it again and it's great okay and then
there's the new temple that has a new
boss fight and then you get a goddamn
motorcycle and it doesn't it's not like
a horse rich it's a motor it can climb
mountains it's a motorcycle that climbs
mountains
well I'm it can like if any place you
can walk you can ride the motorcycle
okay and it's great though like
basically all I've been doing is circles
I've just been taking taking it
everywhere I can in the map just to ride
my motorcycle like a fuckin badass
I thought that'll turn that motorcycle
and uh Sonic the Hedgehog
you can ride around on side the Hedgehog
I guess I don't want to say that I just
don't want to ride around in Sonic the
Hedgehog so even even now by the way
with all of like the bonus outfits and
stuff or it's like I had a the glow in
the dark skeleton costume riding around
on a motorcycle
using a giant boomerang already I'm
feeling kind of silly like I'm already
at that point in breadth of the wild
where like I just say to myself I should
have really really helped Zelda out cuz
I've been fucking around that's okay she
can wait I know that's the game you can
she can wait but I know mods can get a
little bit that's cuz because you can go
right straight to Ganon yeah the plot of
the game is literally the Zelda can wait
watering can I need the watering can
as Elsa couldn't wait I know and I after
I got the final memory I went back to
Impa and then impose just like you
should probably go help Zelda don't you
think
fuck I'm like no I just got a motorcycle
info so I'm pretty good what I'd say the
odds for Battletech tonight are pretty
low I don't want to Obama gonna at some
point get around to playing that on
stream but I don't want to do it blind
and I haven't played it at all yet yeah
now that we're done we got a war you got
a little time before we have to play
another thing yep and and so yeah you
can get a little into battle Tech or
whatever you know whatever you want
anyway this battle tech that'll take us
a new game about giant robots it's a
turn-based battle game but people tell
me is is very much like X come and I
will like it and I might but I haven't
gotten around to it yet
yes and someone was very very generous
ah fuck it scorpion
you know donating a copy to rich I'm
going to get around do it it's just the
timing for it has been very bad
what happened into the breach I wasn't
wasn't that interesting good doesn't
doesn't have the the staying power of
FTL
you know
wonder why that is I wonder why that is
rich
cuz it's neat look into the breach it is
you see me at the sign maker okay
yeah well
and this breach isn't prereq with you
worthy isn't it late now well and
there's just there's not a ton to talk
about hey
I'm sorry can't help you you know once
you get past the core mechanics it's
just kind of like it's just not me if
there's not there's not a ton of things
it's too into the breach and fortunately
it ain't no FTL
well I'm to be fair I don't know if FTL
FTL didn't get a full review before we
started was it yes oh well then there
you go one of the first video game
related things we talked about in person
that might be true that might be true
they're fast shoes a shit okay I need
seven coins I don't know if I just heard
you ring tone or what it was then
brought it up but oh that could be true
I for a while I had I had the the FTL
theme as my ringtone Oh Jack does the
video games hey I do it a video game
right we can talk about the video games
how meets Oh secret area Yoshi HS says I
have been a longtime fan of Arlen and
previously recorded I want to thank you
guys for years of entertainment and
always putting a smile on my face with
every video thank you glad glad to be of
service kill shoot we do we do the
things
what we you emulator do you use there's
something one that I am aware of so you
can you find these things on your own
man it's not hard
damn look if you can't fight it on your
own you'll never be able to get it
running Oh ain't that true true dad
emulators something oh well it's you
know it's not an official product so
it's not it's not like there's tech
support you can call yeah
but there are endless forums I'm sure
and with with prosper
there's some NES emulators there pretty
much plug and play it's not hard oh
right no but I'm sure with I'm sure with
proper Google foo you can like when I
just started up breath of the wild in an
emulator yeah it was running it like 28
frames per second at the normal
resolution oh yeah degree had to go and
do a lot of tweaking with this with that
so the processor emulation to this
factor you know you go to your graphics
card yeah beautiful now turn off this
specific shader yeah
I feel like there's something more over
here but I can't quite figure it out I
can't quite figure out this puzzle this
goes in here then I said I want to give
it like another one so what I'm doing
now is I'm looking for seven coins if I
obtain seven coins then I can get faster
shoes
we fucked well there's other shit I can
do too so I'm not I'm not terribly
worried there's a sign maker there's
like 10 boxes right there Jack I miss
what was going on there's something
where you needed boxes yeah but you can
only push boxes so while there was
indeed ten boxes right there I couldn't
do anything about the boxes
I need to find a way to cut trees
or go swimming
there's nothing there's nothing I can do
I've not been paying enough attention to
the game there's nothing I can do
no rich is useless it's just me you got
a deal with that you guys got a deal
with that you might want to save at the
house you don't come well I'm not I
don't really want to go over there aside
there's a lost person over here Oh Oh a
tentacle oh oh fuck I hit the kill me
button instead of the sword button that
that's the one downside to it to a
dedicated kill me button is sometimes
you press it that's all right
how can you be cray cray it's true rich
I do be cray cray
hey Oh dad I get it what do you supposed
to get it was a tentacle did I get the
tentacle can i chat UM's I have a
watering can I have coffee I don't have
a tentacle loopy dog wants to say guys
thanks for great content do you guys
choose who is on the best of the worst
episodes there's just two is there that
day night there are always someone
behind the camera or so just locked off
we have enough people there's someone
behind the camera frequently there isn't
oh yeah but even if there's someone
behind the camera actually like the
cameras are locked off so it's never
anything we have to worry about
generally speaking if there's someone
off camera they are monitoring audio
yeah cuz that seems to be the problems
that we have the most is a microphone
glitches out or levels start spiking for
weird random reasons but usually there
is no one behind the camera mmm usually
we set up all the shots and then we get
in front of the camera
that tenant
get that temper as far as who's in the
episodes and him who's free who make it
right who wants to be in the discussion
it's not very formal no
who thinks they have something to say
maybe I do you were in last episode I'll
be in this episode it's yeah what is a
gimmick that's the game yeah no I can't
fault it for that that's the that's the
challenge that's the game I got the
sword thrower Mario man that's the game
like that be like they'd be like oh man
you know punch-out isn't really
interesting count a concept with that
punching gimmick I bet it gets old after
a while
it's like the timer dead rising I love
it a lot of people bitched endlessly
oh shit about it no but see like look
now now I can throw my sword oh yeah
ah I got a head and if you die it's not
like you go very far so I'm not I'm not
gonna really be worried about it alright
I think did I get your tentacle back
I hit a tentacle I lost my tentacles can
you help me I'm still looking for 7 what
sad Vegas is the gimmick is the time it
also how the game extends itself instead
of being just a straight-up puzzle right
well yeah the gimmick and Mario is they
have pits that extends the gameplay
because sometimes you fall into the pits
yes I mean you know if it's just a
straight line the artifact the length of
Mario Brothers wouldn't be artificially
extended just a flat line you run across
right right but they had to put in this
gimmick of jumping jumping oh it's like
like come on what am I supposed to do
jump the whole game trying to extend the
length
and this is what you sound like people
do you understand so you might not like
it yeah yeah I don't think that's a fair
criticism no that's
it's the game it's the point right well
so yeah hopefully within the sixty
seconds you either figure out how to get
somewhere faster or find an item that
gets you to a new place or or maybe the
60 second to help it helps keep you
engaged no that's uh Majora's Mask never
played it I played it when it first came
out and I hated it because I was a fan
of ocarina I'm gonna be totally honest I
had never played it because at the time
I did not like kid link right I want to
be a kid link for a whole damn game and
so I never played it and I know that's
superficial but that that was my goddamn
reasoning if that's your reason that's
your reason kid like stupid nice I don't
want to be a little kid he's fine
they want to figure out this puzzle
skull ninety years later I really like
one week Waker so go figure
well Toon Link is a different beast yeah
that's true
what does that mean yeah but you get to
be a goron link I hate the garance the
gorons are lame well having stupid caves
I never liked the gorons the Zora I'd
get behind that you like the Zora the
girl god yeah really
Goren's just stupid I think the Cora's
there the rock eating morons that live
in cave there's a there the Klingons of
the of the Zelda universe right and as
you'll know I like the Romulans far more
villains
oh I do know that
there's another secret
now get me
he could do
and go as far as I can see if I find
anything last time I thought ghost and
that Ghost gave me a sword
the bird people are fine yeah that one
you know the breath of the wild actually
gives some character to to all of the
the races of Hyrule more than more than
ocarina did you know having like Ravalli
as the the the proud and egotistical
bird man you know the the the Gerudo
queen you know being basically Wonder
Woman it's great being an Amazon and
it's too far off from how they were
trading Oh Kirino oh wait no that's
right isn't it
it's ocarina it's how I say it god
dammit you axe it I accidentally said it
right how dare you rich
it's gone wrong to be right
ocarina is the correct way of saying
look when you when you put an obscure
word that nobody uses is part of the
title for your game and nobody says it
aloud
yeah I'm okay to get it wrong oh wait
it's ain't no current up to 20 years I'm
not gonna stop now
I got Reena get in there the gardening
glove press a ticket oh yes I can cut
trees now factories are bad - Hector e
sir what's perfect ha ha I can cut trees
now that's great that's great Titus
isn't that a final fantasy character
Titus
I guess it's pronounced t dos I would
have said Titus yeah yeah well there you
go I also would have said Titus shit
there's a faster way to do this
doo-doo-doo it's actually pronounced
clean they said a cloud from final
fantasy that's their cloud is that
anyhoo Titus is the worst final fantasy
that's but that's like telling me which
piece of horse shit smells the worst
night Oh My glob
getting some boat wood there's only one
tree
it grows close to snakes oh good yeah
you got a little got some missions now
can I put you up in something in that
face I want to find out what's in that
vase Jack fucks up that staircase screen
every time probably we're gonna
anonymous says about us I just saw a
dead bolt on steam devil and it made me
think of that terrible joke that
comedian told Jack please retell the
story of hearing the joke because it's a
very good story
PS gorons wool fox or up if I if I had
to choose I would obviously like you
know me I like my did big dumb thing so
I would choose gowron's I'm finding it
shocking tonight that people love the
Doros what I am father I never thought
they were interesting the gorons are the
big lovable oaths of the yes they're
also they're big and lovable here
they're big lovable hopes that great tie
one to a plough and have it till my
field it's a big oaf I don't have no use
for it
they eat racks rich they're great I
haven't do some menial labor there's a
few peas they eat rocks they they give
you jewels because they don't like the
jewels cuz they taste bad they don't
understand that jewels have value to us
humans think they roll around like balls
on a gorons a great man yeah they roll
around like a bowl great stupid they're
so stupid no they're great they're
adorable they're the big boat they're
the big dumb puppies of the Zelda
universe
Oh Chad go get your panties in a bunch
I'm not being serious and I'm talking
about fictional characters but which one
do you like the myth
but this
which one did you stop watching
wrestling early 90s early 90s I know it
doesn't mean much so there's a real
specific reason why loss of interest
let's do specific enough no no
particularly great reason does there
have to be a great reason besides like
you grew old and didn't want to watch it
anymore yeah like I'm older now I don't
want to watch something that I know is
faking isn't necessarily entertaining to
me well he was the worst I got a bone I
got a bone
there any puzzle blowing do an active to
keep my bone
get up in my room it is a toilet
okay there's a bowl why do I need to
boom what do I need to bone gotta figure
out why I need the bone bitch wrestling
is real it's not CG or anything but but
by that logic Star Wars is real star
well 1977 Star Wars there was no CGI in
that let's not see it's not CG and
everything practical effects it was real
Star Wars is real everybody Star Wars is
real that makes sense that would kill me
there's no CGI on Star Wars there there
aren't there isn't CGI in Star Wars but
there is effects there is generated
effects they just didn't use a computer
Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome real to see
there you go it's real 100 hundo percent
do real
yeah a safe way to detonate these bombs
i'm so done here oh wait I know nope
still killed me
her wrestling may be scripted but you
can't fake gravity
nobody's saying they're not actual
athletes whatever I do respect that oh
sure sure well that's that is a sporting
event it is fake there is no competition
it's not a competition it's performance
art this good performance art performed
by talented athletes yes
that's exactly what it is performance
aren't but when you when you try to pass
something off as a real sporting event
and don't kid yourself back in the day
they tried to pass that shit off as real
to the point where they had wrestlers
hitting news reporters who tried to say
it was fake but yeah it's fake oh it's
totally fake it's still a fake one you
know I think that's where that's the
point where we're at now with wrestling
where everyone is like no it's fake but
they're athletes and I don't I don't
know if people realize that you know the
70s and 80s it wasn't that way where
everyone knows right that way right
right many people thought that it was
real
and they went out of their way to have
people believe it was real yeah that do
bitch what did that do oh the bridge
okay shit
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine
it's gonna be fine right
oh okay
mr. Paz
who's mr. ass rich is he a wrestler I
have no idea okay I just looked over in
the chat and it said who misses mr. ass
I thought you might know I'm gonna sue
that factor breathe oh great
I did it I did it I'm doing it I'm not
100% sure what I'm doing
great I can't remember the name of the
wrestler that injured John Stossel like
the reporter John Stossel yeah no he
seriously injured you know start
interviewing the wrestler time how
that's all fake isn't it and one of the
wrestlers would be playing a heel and so
he's supposed to be the bad guy and
because it was supposed to be real he
stayed in character and he slapped John
Stossel on the side of the head and gave
him like some kind of ear damage a slap
who says it seemed fake to you or
something along those lines
yeah there was an other incident oh god
what was had what was his name
Hulk Hogan I choked a reporter out on
stage really uh not a reporter uh and he
was hosting a talk show but was he in
one of the csi's what was his what was
his name
Richard Belzer thank you yeah a whole
Cogan said I'll show you I'll show you
move you tell me if you think it's fake
you know put him in a real move on stage
he passed out and then he what he fell
backwards after ho Colvin let go he
split his head open what his head hit
the ground no that's crazy
he hops up and you could see the back of
his head he's covered a blood yeah well
be right he's completely out of it we'll
be right back
then they cut the commercial then he was
he was out of it for a little bit
Hulk Hogan had to pay Richard Belzer
millions of dollars because hey it's
real we gotta sell it as bleep oh fuck a
reporter or something ask you to you
know say it's fake do a real move on
them to for real vote oh don't do the
fake version we do that's terrible
well to be fair I think the head's
splitting open was an accident
oh well of course just go gentlemen pull
him in a headlock and knock him out but
I don't think he intended for the
reporter to fall and split his head open
right round afterwards oh of course not
of course you can watch that one on
youtube as well as the John Stossel one
but how many World Series were faked
well that we know of one but to be fair
once that was uncovered it was a scandal
and not a yeah we do this all the time
that's entertainment
so it's it's fine I think it's fine to
enjoy pro wrestling I've enjoyed it in
the past but I don't I don't think you
have to get upset at somebody when they
call it fake because it's fake it
doesn't mean that doesn't mean we're
calling these people before athletes I
mean it's good performance art
occasionally
it's good performance art I think
actually they my guess is wrestling fans
would take a would take a bigger slight
at calling it performance art really
that's the best description for what it
is of course it's very accurate
description it's a very accurate
description range but you know no it's
it's a sport it's it's they're athletes
all sorts of malarkey
great
and stuck in the sand patience helps a
hand what I had little ghost buddies now
I got little ghost buddies who try to
give me hints but they actually just
make me more confused what if I say all
sorts of stuff and patient helps and
right now I am just trying to fill the
hotel with as many people as possible I
don't know if that will do any good but
you know
about you today the affair the risk of
seriously injure yourself always present
and when it happens it's actually real
yes but the competition is still fake
something might get injured at any time
but star wars is still think
I think the thing people are calling
fake is the competition aspect of the
fake competition right right it'd be
like it'd be like if it'd be like
watching gymnastics yeah
but ahead of time they told you who was
gonna win Mary Lou Retton is definitely
gonna win everyone would still agree
that all the contestants are proper
athletes oh they all jumped in flipped
in shit that's great but we wouldn't
call it a competition we would just call
it a gymnastic show in which Mary Lou
Retton won its Mary Lou Retton a gymnast
I don't know why I went to gymnastics I
guess it's an athletic thing
and get some burgers nice did it I did
found that dudes credit card
sound of water you know what I don't
think it's possible to stay underwater
forever very cryptic I said I figure
what's going on over here huh
maybe nothing joven be a great glory
hole Kogan yeah I have not thought much
about Hulk Hogan past him being a
wrestler I'll be honest with you
and of course suburban commando was that
him he's a big large Jacko
who says brother all the time you know
what brother this is rock you're my
brother brother oh my god Ritz you might
be right bring it all around oh all
right you know what hold on for a second
I need some caffeine
it would be a really really awkward
sidequest though the whole Colgan Goron
sidequest well cuz yeah if you ran it
you have to make peace between the whole
Colgan LED goron tribe and the local
african-american community I was gonna
make yeah he's he's nervous about those
Gerudo woman they're a little too tan
for his taste yeah you have to go on the
quest to retrieve his sex tape you know
what brother do me a salad
they're way up
oh there you are

[Part II]
oh there you are wait wait I want to
talk to you oh crap
I get it I get it I get what's happening
tiny dwarf says some time ago I tipped
you about my mission to find my mage
giant tortoise apparently it was Peter
Dinklage and Avengers all along ah
spoilers spoilers rich maybe might be
spoilers yeah you know an actor is in
the movie I suppose he does not really a
spoiler
you know Act II what movie I well I know
it was it was a it was widely rumored
because because his name appeared on the
poster okay before it was announced that
he was even in the movie so he films his
part completely in secret really yeah
until like one of the trailers popped
and it said Peter Dinklage I like Peter
Dinklage is in this who is great by the
way in it my aunt bloodshot says can we
talk Avenger Chef no no and I yet give
it a little time man that says hey rich
Jack thanks for the laughter you guys
provide rich if you tried Battletech yet
not yet I'm a list
that's on the official lists huge future
Jay says Jack you mentioned recently
that you'd started on beta-blockers
because of tremors yes how are you doing
with that I am off of beta blockers is
how I'm doing with that they weren't
they weren't driving with you oh my god
I was I was on them for approximately a
week and I don't know if they were beta
plate if it was beta blockers or just it
was medication to lower cholesterol or
not cholesterol blood pressure it was
high blood pressure medication and my
blood pressure is great but my doctor
said that one of the effects of this
blood pressure medicine is it calms
tremors because I have what's known as
essential tremors familial essential
tremors which is hereditary some
handshake and I was on this medication
for a week and he said you know my first
question to the doctor when he
prescribed them to me was was what are
the side effects and he says well for
you you know you're young and healthy
ish so there you're just gonna be tired
more you know you might be a little
lethargic it might it might affect your
mood some but really I think mostly it's
gonna make you tired and if you do any
physically strenuous activity you might
you might get winded easily because it
keeps your heart rate lower right yeah
and so I said you know I'll give it a
try right so I'm on it for a week and it
did reduce the tremors I was able to
hold my hand completely still good news
bad news I was a miserable cunt for a
week straight I was cranky I was tired
all the time and the people around me
noticed my mood they're just like what's
wrong with you and I was like I'm fine
and everything so I I went off them and
I've been off them for like four three
four days now and I feel significantly
better then my shakes are coming back
already but I feel better so I'm talking
with my daughter something you're
willing to deal with well that's the
question
it was getting bad enough where I was
having a hard time putting toothpaste on
a toothbrush huh
and of course part of my job is holding
a camera so we're working on another
option whether it's another prescription
whether it's you know something a little
more homeopathic or whatnot but all
right jack is an asshole
I don't buy it I am generally speaking a
very chill person and people definitely
noticed that I turned into a bit of an
a-hole there's there's a couple things
that do of actually an interesting thing
is when I started talking to the doctor
about my shakes one of the first
questions he asked me was about whether
or not my family had a history of
alcoholism yeah so you guys you guys
drinkers and I was like oh yeah big
drinking family because that's that's
interesting because we find a strong
correlation between families that drink
in families that have these kinds of
memories because often times they will
self-medicate with booze and booze you
know calms everything in so it calms
your nerve and so it goes it's actually
a weird you know it's we don't know if
it's caused a causation because it's a
chicken and egg thing but what you'll
find is you know if someone had it
they'll start drinking their kids might
have it and then they might learn
drinking from them and so I was like
that is very very interesting and you
know shared this information with my
family obviously and found out that my
brother also has some shaky hand issues
and so it's just a thing it's just a
thing that I gotta find a way to deal
with
it's home before Edo
kendos says how is the enemy design and
the new God of War is there a good
variety seems like you guys were
fighting a lot of dudes with butterfly
wings and that shit that's pretty boring
overall we did the review I liked the
game I gave him a thumbs up but that is
one of the issues I had with it it it
could use a little bit more enemy
variety but it's fun combat but it gets
old because there's limited an enemy for
heavy yeah that that one section there
were the Dark Elves are different than
most of the other enemies but they're
only in that one section and really
there aren't that many Dark Elves and
there's I'll send you some links for a
DIY Steadicam Oh beefcake Thanks
no you know I've already been
compensating for that like if you put a
normally when I have a camera situation
it's not a monopod anyway just because
that's better like you know that I'm
steady but even on the monopod sometimes
it's been shaking so actually what I do
is I take two big rubber bands and let
you know hold the monopod with the two
rubber bands and then I can take all I
want and I would still get a nice steady
shot
I've already been compensating for my
hands
hanging out with those bandits
there's bandits such a shame
I've gotta find these guys
future picture Jase is rich last half in
the bag friend and I were wondering who
realized Chris Evans Donna look like
Jade that friend wants to know if Jay
would be willing to autograph Captain
America tour Jay about that I don't know
who notice it wasn't me
did you see the doll I heard well yeah
we have it you have the Captain America
doll yeah oh okay I got maybe at maybe I
saw that because you guys had did it on
this I didn't watch the episode right
but uh that doll looks incredibly like
Jay yeah for anyone who doesn't know
what rich is talking about there is a
Captain America doll that has the beard
and the hair because you know Chris
Evans has the beard and infinity war
Cantus screaming action figure right you
listen
it's a fucking doll it's there ain't no
difference between an action figure and
a doll man
what's the what's the difference between
a doll and an action figure your ability
to feel manly while playing that's the
difference they're dolls man they're all
fucking dolls deal with it you know what
they're all toys
who cares dolls are action figures they
could they could also be having fun with
you probably see the Netflix dock could
the toys that made us
if I had a CT scan or met with a
neurologist no no if my doctor is not
worried at the time or at the moment at
least is not worried about you know
because obviously my mind went to some
very dark places he's not worried about
Parkinson's or or anything like that
because he said the nice he says there's
a difference you know my tremors you
know kind of our up and down drummer
right he says what what you should be
worried about if you're worried about
early Parkinson's is what he calls
rolling tremors pill rolling trimmers
we're like it's this motion yeah if you
if you have trouble controlling this
motion or shoulder moment like this no
like like we should fingers oh he says
he said it's that rolling motion that
really is an early indicator Parkinson's
and because of a family history of
drinking and other people in my family
who also shake
he thinks it's this essential tremors
which is just a thing that exists
he-man was literally an attempt to make
dolls marketable by emphasizing the
manly bed I think that started with GI
Joe man not not the real American GI Joe
but the original GI Joe I think it was
the first thing to be called an action
figure was GI Joe a toy before a comic
yes like 20 years before awesome
they're like Barbie sized action figures
yeah yeah and they weren't like
superheroes they just normal army
uniforms on originally then Star Wars
popularized the smaller action figures
yes because they wanted to sell vehicles
to put the toys in yeah you need if you
want to sell our Millennium Falcon you
can't you can't be selling a Barbie size
town and solo because the bunker
wouldn't take off your bedroom
specifically the reason that Star Wars
action figures are small really yeah
is this in that documentary I didn't
know I don't know that's in that
documentary is just something I've heard
ages ago oh man that's really
interesting cuz like re old school GI
Joes are some badass dolls man those
things are huge and awesome
shit follows okay I have the ability to
swim now and I'm pretty excited about
that and that's a treasure I got
remember that old man said about the
treasure
he said avoid the sharks oh wait I
wonder what's over here Jojo had that
gigantic aircraft carrier yeah that was
weird that they even tried to sell that
oh yeah
huge huge jack
that sounds awesome
he's at South and West six feet long my
god
the USS Flagg the GI Joe's aircraft
carrier had been big enough so the Jets
they sold the GI Joes can fit on it I
loved it I loved it I loved every second
of it
I want it actually just want to see
pictures of it I don't want it
sure
I did it
back rods says Mike wasn't um ik and the
magic railroad he can juggle I was
exposed to you guys sooner than I
realized
I I have literally no idea what you're
talking about
does anybody I gotta turn off these
ghosts these ghosts aren't going that's
my goal right now
hey Tony I'm fuckin loving this I fuckin
loving this it's it is it's like it's
tiny little puzzles in in a world in a
world so what what are you doing right
now look what is going what is even
going on that's a great question
there there's a couple things I need to
figure out yeah make it myself and go
back to the hotel let's see what you
have to say Oh actually I'm done I'm
done with this area so I just I got
another coin and I got the ability to
swim I need to figure out this area
still but I think I'm gonna head back to
kind of where I started and see how far
I can get now that I have the ability to
swim and so you know basically every
upgrade just kind of makes me able to
move new places faster and and reach
more areas it's it's it's like a
microcosm of a Metroid game it's it's a
it's the smallest Metroid game you could
ever make so swim up there well I want
to get into a house first so I respawn
this house instead of that's perfect
and home selected and here we go ya
think now that I can swim I should be
able to get on this little island
yeah so this is a numeric treasure or
and do they reset the coins no no I keep
it I keep that coin how many do you need
seven no that's right I was looking for
wood for wood for that deal he's trying
to buy the factory ASAP yeah sure
okay shook means I can't cover there
oh you know I can talk to you that's
suspicious oh I do that oh you did that
I ain't Chuck I did that already but
maybe there's something new over there I
don't know yeah that's where I got my
watering can
all right yeah it's just it's just the
tiniest I just see how about quicksand
about being patient
it's a secret
oh it's a secret yours you had to kill
yourself in the quicksand to get a coin
that's great okay died still good see if
there's anything else in there those go
tints are useful I guess
you know it make its public more fun
what isn't a goddamn timer is creating
an artificial feeling of difficulty
you'll make dead rising more fun there
weren't an artificial timer artificially
inflating the difficulty you know you
know you know what would have made Mario
Brothers more fun no goombas all those
goombas and Koopas did was get in the
way man look you might not like the
timer and it's fine if you don't like
the timer I don't think it's fair to
call it artificial though I think it's
just it's they're given for the game
right it's the premise that's the whole
that's the whole point of the game
yeah it's not it's not a gimmick when
that is the core gameplay mechanic
friendo
you'll make more dead rising more Conan
grant on Windows 10
oh it does No and it actually does make
the game more fun does it oh yeah it got
an official an official PC release
that's right
found the boat would found it and I get
there in time
I got your boat would need some time to
fix this thing so we been working on a
trip okay I want to go on a trip
yeah we're gonna go on a boat trip deep
in thought now I'm just reading just
reading shit man yeah reading shit sonic
the hedge ii cuz if either of you seen
the netflix punisher show yes what are
your opinions if you haven't you
probably shouldn't watch it it's a
fantastic show that's infuriating
because it's nothing like punisher I
haven't I haven't seen it and I've heard
that criticism of it all day and yeah
that's that's kind of the problem with
it is it's not like Punisher and that
you kind of want it to be Punisher
because it's The Punisher the the most
of the Punisher we get in season 2 of
daredevil is great yeah you haven't seen
that yet not the rest of it I saw part
of it I don't know why I stopped there
just get distracted or something and I
never got around to coming back to it as
it happens well someday yeah I mean that
in all the time that Frank Castle is in
jail in daredevil season 2 is fuckin the
greatest Punisher ever and his Netflix
show was really wishy-washy with the
whole Frank wants to murder people thing
and they tried to they tried to make him
sympathetic they tried to make him
sympathetic you don't do that there's no
need to do that of course not there's
bad people he murders the bad people
boom right Punisher is fun because he's
a cold-blooded psychotic motherfucker
yeah that's what makes the Punisher work
yes and so they they were trying to
really dance around that issue also
here's another problem with the Punisher
TV show is the a lot of the effects were
we're bad looking yeah the the like they
used they used like fake blood spurts or
squibs or whatever like
computer-generated stuff and it looked
bad wait where's my boat friend
ah jerk
wait boat friend what
all right what's the supposed to look
like
I assume all up hey I did it you solved
it an accident
finally I really did I was just not
thinking about it at all all right I
really was just just smacking him why
what do you got for me no I turned the
ghosts off I always had a ghost yeah the
ghost give you hints and I didn't want
them they were they were getting in my
way man - okay bye and bloodshed says I
recently started watching Legion it's
now one of my favorite show
shit yeah should be weird and complex so
one of the best-looking shows on TV
honestly honestly whoever's the
cinematographer on that Legion I'm now
on it wonder if they will tie into x-men
at some point no idea yeah sure
certain certainly not if Marvel gets
their hands on it
Legion is great like even the second
season which the the second season is
less great because it makes more sense
if that makes any sense
okay part of the fun of the first season
was us as an audience trying to figure
out what's reality what's in David's
head what is in the real world that
David or the shadow king is manipulating
it's like it was neat psychic imagery
stuff really neat stuff right and season
two even though it gets really weird
because it's dealing with more psychic
stuff and time travel and body swapping
and and extra layers of bullshit it kind
of makes more sense with time travel and
bunny-hopping
so you know I'm a little uh I'm still
very much enjoying it David shark where
am I supposed to go where's my boat
friend Rachel my boat friend left me I'm
sorry we should be the boat friend
doesn't like you sure
and never seen such a ravenous sharks oh
yeah they're on me all right so you're
working right terminal okay get the crab
and you're working terminal okay what if
I hit you both terminals are okay but I
you don't want to accidentally knock one
out of sync
I tried but no there oh here - here I
got the basement key great no do you
think get the heck out of town
oh okay
okay I see I see what's happening
there's another one
what look at those submarine you need to
come from the other side you fucked it
up with it
well the reset nope Wow when I kill
myself for the reset hand up shit die
okay here we go all part of the journey
man all part of the journey have some
caffeine - I probably shit no yes I got
the ten ago you did it do you need to
grab something from him no no I just
need to get all the tentacles oh okay
opinion on them overrated character and
movie looks lame
movie looks totally lame Tom Hardy it
looks like he's sleepwalking through it
visually he was a very interesting
villain and yes that was backhanded but
never this bad
but razorblade had I've read the tips
huh
you've been readin hey I may have missed
this one I'll read it naanum says and
this is anonymous I don't know there's
you this is good evening rich and Jack
rich I remember you and a past show
saying you enjoy true crime stories have
you heard about the recent capture of
Joe DeAngelo aka the Golden State killer
I have heard about it I know very little
about it though currently exactly what
happened that was the what Michelle
McNamara's book was about yeah
which and then they find they found the
killer that's that's all I know that's
all I know too but it is good egg good
job everyone
say yeah little late but you did it good
thing I went back to read that tip I
just want to make sure something we
might need to read
rethink our stream tip I I think the
stream tips service might be ending soon
oh really I think so that's not good
no and so I'll look into whether whether
we do bits you know we go full bit yeah
and find a way to archive our bits so we
can you know answer questions that
people ask with bits later but uh
notebook person however I really do want
to read drastic Park and lost world at
some point Jurassic park's worth a read
I don't remember lost world did you ever
read lost world I think I started to and
didn't finish Jurassic Park is a decent
book I recommend it I really recommend
it
I remember liking it I find read them
when the movie came out right oh right
it's been ages
yet if they end the current service we
used four tips
don't worry we will find some other way
for you to give us money
that will be our BB our new number one
priority above all else Jesus Christ we
hooked up I gotcha
great yeah on those same lines I went
down a I went down a bit of a tech
rabbit hole today
yeah I ever you know I I subscribed to a
ton of oh that's right the bridge if you
take care of those creeps ah that's
right nice I subscribe to a tech blogs
and camera stuff and different you know
shooter McGavin type situations like hey
you know your camera head here's my blog
about new camera technology right yeah
and what I started researching we're
just gonna hang out and die for
what I started researching is new ways
for us to shoot episodes because you
know they're there in any production
there's any fishing cease and one of the
in efficiencies we have shooting prereq
is just the ingest and transcoding of
the footage yeah and this might be super
boring talk for everyone but heads up
its camera talk time so what we do is
you know we shoot the episode three
cameras each has its own SD card I know
I know you can do it rich you can do it
then I have to take each individual SD
card transfer the footage over to a hard
drive and transcoded into something my
editor can read easily usually pro res
which for you know it's it's a three
hours worth of footage that can
sometimes take a few hours just to
transcode properly right yeah and in
those few hours I could be editing and
I'm not editing because I'm transcoding
so I was looking up I was looking into a
system it's a piece of tech that can
record up to three cameras
shit go it's a piece of tech that can
record up to three cameras
simultaneously onto a solid state hard
drive including audio so it would only
take as long as it would take to
transfer over to my computer and save a
bunch of time the problem is that it
would take about thirty five hundred
dollars for us to get this piece of
technology so it's probably now well ok
ok
probably not because I mean like the the
tech itself is like three thousand
dollars and then it would take an
additional like five hundred dollars in
adaptors and cables to get our specific
cameras to be able to hook up with it so
it's it's it's unfeasible for us but I
was like wow what a neat thing what a
neat little piece of tech this little
it's like a it's like a recorder slash
extra monitor that can have up to four
cameras hooked up to it and you get
little scopes and so you could have it's
basically an entire production studio
all in something the size of like an
iPad that you can plug solid-state hard
drives into so it's really neat it's
just a neat piece of tech that we will
never ever need that sort was pointless
No well yeah yeah it was pointless and
yeah
various Kirk says with my Canon DSLR I
can record directly to any laptop nearby
can't you do that with the Panasonic's
yes my Panasonic the gh 5 which I which
is my main camera has an HDMI out and so
if I wanted to you can you can buy HDMI
to you know lightning adapters or
whatever and just record into your PC
mm-hmm that's not the issue the issue is
I have three cameras for when we shoot
previously recorded and so then I would
need three adapters and
computers to record all three cameras or
or this one piece of laptop tech yeah if
I was just if we were just recording
with one camera we could plug we could
do it exactly like how I record gameplay
footage or how we live stream we could
just plug it into our al gato and record
that way nice and easy but we have three
cameras to worry about so the the
question is how do I record all this
footage simultaneously without having
three full computers and three capture
cards and the answer is $3,500
but you know it's it's okay I got a
camera
almost some zoo says rich I generally
agree with your stance on piracy
yesterday I was dealing a game my own
and it occurred to me but as I seated
I'm essentially being an accomplice to
others who may not own it thoughts well
so she doesn't downloading it you can
stop seating it once you get yours screw
everybody else
sure sure we're talking about piracy
yeah well we already have some suit
under our suit right and so that now
you're not even being an honorable thief
Valiant bloodshot says part of me wishes
that legion was actually a harbinger
show not an expansion yeah felt like the
first two trades of harbinger with peter
stan check losing his mind not knowing
what was real or not our our one and
only valiant fan here gets it that's
what the harbinger was great Harvinder
is a show about people with psychic
abilities and for those who don't know
in the valiant universe harbinger is a
really great series of comic books and
yeah the the main character is kind of a
dickhead and uses his psychic powers to
be basically a grifter okay
you know he's it to like live in houses
for free and just get whatever he wants
for free cuz he's psychic and he can
control what other people think and feel
so he's just kind of a loner asshole who
who uses his psychic powers for his own
benefit and then gets rolled up into
something greater will he become the
hero it's a great great book harbinger
great book but yeah yeah a lot of Legion
there's a lot of Harbinger in Legion yes
joke Kitty double-o ones hey guys you
just go full bits I see lots of
streamers using a to read comments I'd
rather my money go to twitch instead of
PayPal anyway you can even do
text-to-speech I would never do that no
we would never ever do text-to-speech
you know why you you people all of you
people oh that's right that's right I
got my swimming shoes and there was a
whole swimming thing over here yes yes
you guys are all horrible
and so we would never ever do
text-to-speech
I would be okay going full bits if we
could find a way to archive the bit
donations so we can read them at our
best as we do with streamtip and there's
probably a way to do that I don't know
how anybody couldn't use this text to
speech could be comfortable having that
there but I'm what I'm sure it is
it's one of two situations one they
maybe they have some sort of mod filter
number two they're actually hoping that
someone or they're they're secretly
hoping that someone says something weird
so the people again so people can get an
attention or a laugh out of it and then
it's not them but oh my oh one of my
fans is being yeah was being cheeky foof
oh and then they get they get that sweet
attention
not to be cynical not to be cynical of
streamers but that's what I'm assuming
but also to be very cynical
yeah
interested the last starfighter reboot I
I know very little about it
probably not the worst movie to remake
but I know very little about it
the last starfighter leaving somebody
saying they're doing it oh good bad but
otherwise indifferent no I think I think
there's potential here I think there's
potential alas terrify to reboot
videogames very popular that's that's
classic sci-fi fantasy you're good at
video games you can save the galaxy
that's great no that's fine
what time is it Hey
at 8:30 okay at 8:30 we will start
infinity war spoiler talk rich tell Jack
I'll tweet at him later about recording
bits in the Twitter
beefcake you're too good to us but I
mean I'm in it I'm in it we can go full
full twitch which we might have to we
might be forced to go full twitch if if
it's true that stream tip is ending in
it very well might be I thought I read
that somewhere so we might have to go
full full bits
it's not necessarily a bad thing
oh my god it's a bad guy
you can't end this in a minute I'll do
it again oh he's in on it he's in on it
rich
yeah you down from being in there no I
couldn't
that was the mega bad guy the mega bad
guy I don't know if there was the mega
bit I think it's a bad guy so you have a
half hour more of non-spoiler Avengers
infinity war talk and then rich and I
will discuss it I don't think there's
gonna be a lot to discuss they said
pretty much most of what I had to say
during the review exactly so it's not
like we're gonna have oh my god anything
lingering left over it needs to be
discussed right good but we'll talk
about it you know busy busy busy bomb
one set what I spoiled now you know
Peter Dinklage's in the movie you gonna
read that on a poster somewhere I'm
sorry
well you did well
no you didn't you barely even said what
Peter Dinklage did in the movie he was
good he's good
but no people knew he was in the movie
didn't know why or water who
mr. Blitzer no sirs for port HDMI
capture card at nine hundred bucks ain't
cheap
but even it coupled with a whole new PC
would be cheaper than that three thirty
five hundred dollars sucker a four port
what kept you've heard
whoa look into that don't don't X out of
that okay that's good to know thank you
because that would make you know that
would take like I said that would take
hours out off of the editing process of
just like being able to have that
footage ready to go boom would you do
something there's there's nothing to be
done I'm sorry about what I don't know I
think about this this dream about this
dream no there's nothing to be done
nothing can be done
don't you kind of logic behind what gets
undone and what doesn't know whatever
whatever the gameplay deems undable
samvega says hey guys hey here's a tip
thanks for the laughs throughout the
years also have you checked out the demo
for the game knuckle sandwich I think
Jack would like it maybe even rich
knuckle sandwich I have not I don't even
know is this a Sonic the Hedgehog thing
definitely a sonic the hedge like
cooking mama but what knuckles tenderize
the beef I love it
I love it and most of the actions you
can take them just tenderizing fact all
of them all maybe maybe there's a you
punch so fast that you create heat and
you can cook stuff what's it called
knuckle what knuckle sandwich power
tweeted at me tweeted at me we won't
remember magical trevor 37 says jack i'm
jack
rich you're rich what is the foreseeable
future of prereq do either of you have
ideas of how it will develop will it
stay in the current heading i love the
consistency over the years
keep it up France as the last string is
it so so it's all just ending tonight we
hope you like it hope you like it this
is it I've decided to become a monk a
monk a monk and to go into the
wilderness or the mountains a monster in
the mountains right are the monks in the
mountain no monks are yeah they're on
the mountain okay you're right you're
right you're absolutely right mom
ah well congratulations rich I didn't
know I do going to discover some sort of
spirituality or no you just want to be
left alone losing my hair so I figured
just what's left what's left for you
glad for that besides monk whoa
Harris much
wait a minute
got the seventh coin boom
yes what happened I got the seventh coin
now I can go to the shoe factory and get
some new sneakers
I bought the fast shoes we owe it am i
going faster oh my if I hold in one
direction now I can go slightly faster
that was that was kind of what did you
expect oh shit well no but I have a
faster way to get here now dang it we I
don't you know what I'll be honest with
you I don't really know
I don't know what I expected anything or
anyone longer this game possibly
weighted down the other side
finally someone some help shut down the
other side of the factory what is your
goal in this I don't know I just I just
don't know it's solved whatever puzzle I
can is in front of me I've seen the same
guy in different worlds and he talks
about the curse and about how it's never
been this bad anymore and now there's a
bad guy who's polluting the water who
says that he'll just do it again in
another minute so he must also know
about the curse but I feel like I'm
getting close to an end here I know
there's a new way there's a new way
look how fast I am
all right on it
how do I shut it down
you I did
she was shit man
doing
that's right Chet I have seen Galaxy
Quest and it's fine movie galaxy Chris
yeah oh yeah it's funny okay I know what
I have to do I know what I have to do
how'd you feel about Galaxy Quest they
actually got the cast like Star Trek The
Next Generation different that would be
very different would it be better would
it be worse it might be worse it might
be it might be worse because the way
that that a Tim Allen and Sigourney
Weaver were playing it was was a little
tongue-in-cheek and
and so I just I just like the way they
played it
No
more original series parody hi yes and
no also the original series Pass was a
bit too old by that point you know I I
guess here here's my here's my slight
dig is I just don't know if the original
if the cast of TNG could pull it off
ma'am Sigourney I said corny Weaver Alan
later bitter sure I mean Tim Allen he
knows Tim Allen but there I'm not saying
this is definitely it would make the
movie better I'm just saying I'd be
curious to see this hmm no I think I
think you have some major talent I think
you have some major talent in that cast
that can really pull it off
I see
are you saying that Tim Ellen has more
acting chops than Patrick Stewart
no I'm saying Sigourney Weaver I'm
saying Sigourney Weaver is a better
actress than Marina Sirtis I wouldn't be
Marina she would be gates mcfadden and
you know what's still better than gates
yeah absolutely that's what I'm saying
better than gates
here we go
praise the
maybe dammit
alright the gates hate is real I
wouldn't say hate but I never I never
did like Beverly Crusher I know you
didn't like her and it's just as an
actress I mean literally anyone except
for Patrick Stewart right put down the
verb Burton yes yes Wow sorry sorry not
sorry I'm not saying the he didn't do an
admirable job
pressure is so much better than Pulaski
oh she's so much hotter than Pulaski I
don't think she's a better character
though but this is a cruel thing to say
about gates mcfadden but I can never buy
her as intelligent that's very clear
it's very cruel that is very cruel
I could buy Pulaski as intelligent yeah
that's that woman's a doctor okay gates
McFadden that woman belongs at a soap
opera how doctors where is that
construction site
dang it
Pulaski is a doctor named Leonard McCoy
still a better character still a better
character than gates absolutely gotta
find
abso friggin movin
faster way
where are you near the hotel huh people
assume you are smart rich because how
unattractive you are look look for one
edge McFadden not that attractive and
has nothing to do with why I can't buy
her a smart
it's her acting that either of those let
any of the ladies of Star Trek their
looks have very little to do with their
acting and I agree it's it's the breathy
way she played the doctor well maybe we
could add 10 cc's of courtesan a subtle
agreed seven of nine I could buy as
intelligent also attractive seven of
them absolutely yeah but when when she
when she was like ray trailing off facts
you believed it yes when Beverly Crusher
tried to talk about doctoring I didn't
buy it
when she talked about doctoring you know
when she was being all doctor fancy
sometimes marina searches gave good
performances for example that Romulan
faceswap
episode was fucking awesome I have never
said anything bad about Troy or Marina
Sirtis I did you did I don't think Mike
likes are much I'm fine with Troy I got
nothing against Troy what and who and
specifically what I said was that
Sigourney Weaver was a better actress
than Marina Sirtis which I don't think
is not much arguing with that that's not
a stretch you know like I wasn't even
being necessarily super mean to marina
in in this instance I don't know if I
care for her who was the hottest person
in all the trek that's that's not why I
watched Trek it's typically not
something I'm thinking about no no but
the answer is Jadzia Dax giving it a
thought it's Jadzia Dax who did uh the
one from deep space 9 which you never
watch much of she had the spots yeah it
was like the science officer on that
show that's that you got a tight man her
and Jennifer Connelly right yeah
I never said he didn't have it tight oh
I know I just think that's funny on
another attractive woman who I
completely buy as being intelligent
Jennifer Connelly uh no Jennifer
Jennifer I don't think I've ever seen
Jennifer Connelly play a scientist
though then I gotta think
what I see what I have to do as jennifer
connelly ever played anyone super-smart
chat is a question for chat here
shit
oh how clever this game is kind of
clever
they're trucker
casting it nowhere I want you to go here
we go
I got the bar get it get what out Anka
Jadzia is more like a feminist and
transgender I suppose icon the science
aspect of her character is hugely
marginalized are you actually saying
that the scientists character the
science officer that the science aspect
was marginalized I totally disagree
I totally disagree with that statement
person in chat whose name I did not read
what sports is going back up go and put
an end to this why did I read that come
because of a strange man and silly shit
I just got the mega sword what does that
do I just I just don't know
you can't kill him barreling up
how about this does that do anything
nope okay and stop one of the sword
rings okay okay oh god it's just the
final boss apparently oh oh you start
right here oh that's nice that's gonna
be chat chat it might be over it might
it might be over if I can figure out how
grab touch the storage can you get them
to fly at him oh really
but they seem to be
and think the swords are the real help
think
so does he just manufacture her swords I
think I don't know about that
how do I do it
okay I'm gonna get the one stuck in the
in the ground all right all right we
figured it out we're gonna die again but
then we're figuring out and so yeah now
I started at the second level Oh
well it is nice oh yeah I know it is
nice what I'm saying what I say in my
head I said well so so I could say well
they don't want to be cool
okay
settle down
fuck you
nope nope nope nope okay oh look you
even start with with the ones who've
taken out their being there being extra
generous I think to judge you maybe a
little difference obviously this is
pretty difficult it's it's not a game
that's built around it's smooth
functional in combat combat in this game
is a little difficult to say the least
so we're gonna allow it because it is
just it's tough stabbed in the face that
was the right that was the correct
I I did for some reason that didn't
occur to me just stabbing him in the
face alright supposed to stab people in
the face
you did a jacket did it oh and I died
isn't a permanent game over because your
story's gone
oh no here oh that would have been great
with all these swords around the whole
plot device is the sword brings you back
to life right broke the sword I call
shenanigans as you should I think though
we're kind of so are you know cursed to
just forever come back to life no matter
what maybe and you do know that is a
curse right what just coming back to
life no matter what no matter what
because someday you're gonna be very old
you'd be very old and unable to die you
can be very old and unable to die and
then you it's not like you'll stay young
no no still age you every time you die
of old age just come back to die of old
age again immediately after oh god that
would be horrible an infinity of just
dying
what do I do now why do I do now their
door down there what happens we go right
there's a bathroom and then swords oh
you didn't think to try that I tried it
on my way in anything okay minute
hundred sixteen runs that doesn't sound
bad no it's not bad I didn't collect
everything but I'll take it I'll take it
Bart van says trippin cuz I need answers
okay the spring-cleaning stream why
didn't check play the ultimate spring
cleaning game Super Mario Sunshine
that was a good that's a great idea goof
that's a great idea
awesome Mario Sunshine stream in the
future makes you hacks absolutely that
would rule out absolutely I have it I
have a Gamecube I love Super Mario
Sunshine I think it's a really
underrated game huh yeah not a sense
I literally just finished watching
gorilla interrupted me for the first
time I thought it had a lot of funny
moments and a mostly comprehensible -
what are your thoughts on it all these
years later and I'm also just remember
making it if you if you own it you watch
the documentary oh my god I was gonna
say the the best reason to buy gorilla
interrupted is for the how do you say
that compendium documentary the making
of the how not to make a movie
documentary which is a wonderful piece
and we wanted that to be really good
because we know the movie was crap we
made we were kids and we know that ya
know how not to make a movie is is
something it's a
oh that's that's something real special
that's something that's a full reason to
buy gorilla interrupts don't even watch
gorilla interrupting
I just wanted time not to make a movie
unlocked second run so what's the plan
something else all right turn this off
and something else let's take a little
break I'm gonna go to the bathroom and
we're gonna play something else rich
okay okay I got hey I got I got my
arty-farty
out of my system

[Part III]
yeah where we need to go just gonna see
if I can come figure some of this audio
real quick so we don't get the the
crackling noises okay legato oh if we go
into Game Capture
configure and put this is just the sound
input device a switch could that be the
reason I don't think so but you know
we'll change it's a ps4 just in case
there cuz really know except for that's
gonna do that now there we go well see
if that's any better I guess because we
went through this last time where we're
someone sent me a possible workaround
but then I lost it because I wasn't it
wasn't directly in front of me you know
that's what happens play something at an
emulator I have no problem with this but
I don't know what the legalities of it
are and it's not fair for me to tank our
gaming channel so I can play an emulated
game yeah alright well we'll see if that
works
you over here and oh wait are you yeah
you're still on God of War yeah and then
great alright okay so by the way also
now that we have a new game it's after
8:30 we are in full
infinity war spoiler talk well it was
good so from here on out we will be
talking and about infinity war or
anything but if infinity war does come
up we're gonna spoil the shit out of it
so really heads up
so spoilers who's good at spoilers
actually pro-pro austin nick says just
showed up was seeing infinity war good
stuff laughed picturing all the crying
10 year olds last weekend
Jack it's pronounced Kevin Feige if I
Gio
let's let's talk about this have you
seen the movie yeah you know it has a
downer ending a very downer ending and
you brought your children to see it so
what do you what do you talk about that
that's I found that curious interesting
of course I brought my children to it
why they have seen all the Marvel movies
with me they enjoy them all they've seen
the trailers and they say hey my
favorite heroes are all in a movie
together and the movie ends with the
spider-man crying and fading into dust
so you know so you know the the movie
ends and my 10 year old looks over to me
and she goes what rocks what he was so
he was he would like I could see the
panic in his eyes and so I calmed him
down and I just said there's another one
they're making another movie so you know
don't worry don't worry you know making
another spider-man movie they're making
another infinity or move in and he's
like oh okay and that come to my own
media because even a 10 year old knows
that death doesn't really mean anything
in the movies or commonplace it's like
oh yeah come back to life it's fine
so I didn't even need to explain that
they'll pour that they're all probably
coming back in the next movie I just
needed to say that there's another movie
and he got that immediately that's okay
we know we know that in the comic books
death is absolutely meaningless right
absolutely people were saying this
Berkeley infinity war movie but has this
really been that true in the movies how
many death resurrections have we had in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe
specifically can you make I don't know
if we've had any Loki faked his death
but we knew we faked his death in the
movie he faked his death then right yeah
you know we knew at the end of the film
it wasn't dead so that doesn't even
count that doesn't count right okay I
don't think it's fair to label the
Marvel movies with this kind of book
stigma of death not meaning anything
well the the stigma is about to come
about now like that what what they're
starting to do is they're starting to
set precedent
I think Samuel Jackson okay
so that one does count I did they didn't
do that with no but he came back in the
same movie it was in the same movie yeah
alright doesn't count doesn't count cuz
they're not they're not they're not
they're not going back on the death it's
not cheap right because it was in the
same story yeah that was a count that
was all in Winter Soldier he came back
full Coulson and stupid fuckin TV show
doesn't count I know no matter how much
fans argued technically agents of shield
is in the universe it doesn't come out
of it absolutely Kevin Feige does not
give a shit about the agents of shield
show no unfortunately loki came back in
the same movie yep
the the one reputable thing i will see
is Bucky Bucky Barnes got killed in
Captain America the First Avenger and
didn't come back until winter so true
okay Bucky Barnes but that's one that's
legit that's legit yep Quicksilver
didn't come back Quicksilver has not
come back
never too late to learn a new trick I
think I would still count Sam Jackson be
if it happens within the same movie it
doesn't count and and here's here's the
real thing right are you ready are you
ready for this people who kind of die
and then come back and there's a logical
explanation that's not the stigma of
death doesn't matter it's when all the
sudden due to some sort of magic or
mutant power or godlike power that
people start coming back to life obvious
when death it becomes meaningless my
meaningless the threshold here is what
it's a retcon if the author intended for
that character to be dead never to come
back and either he changes his mind or
the editor steps in or some other writer
down the road says no no no that's what
it feels cheap I first of all you're
right that it absolutely is chief that
way but as soon as like like for example
if if they found the anti-death infinity
stone and that's how they bring everyone
back obviously like that's not a thing
right yeah and they bring people back
using the anti-death infinity stone
that's when death starts to become
meaningless because then if anyone dies
ever again they can just use the magical
MacGuffin and I don't know how they're
going to do it in the next movie but if
it involves some sort of magic or cosmic
power and then someone dies later why
can't you just use the magic cosmic
power again I think once you start
dealing in magical MacGuffins that's
when death starts to become meaningless
to me at least
so so if if you know someone is able to
get the Infinity Gauntlet and snap their
fingers and everyone comes back it just
becomes a it becomes a well we now we
know that magical MacGuffins are a thing
that exists and so anyone who dies may
come back later and then death starts to
become my husband what they do with the
Infinity Gauntlet it's true it's true it
might be gone by the ministry or
whatever at the end you know oh right
right but but yeah they're there they're
using up by killing fucking a lot of
people at the end there they're using up
there they're both using up a lot of
their cred but also being pretty clear
that these people are coming back but
like Black Panther just made a fucking
billion dollars and then he went away
into dust you know the Black Panthers
coming back you know spider-man is a
pretty prominent hero he's definitely
coming back Gamora gets thrown off a
cliff but James Gunn already said that
she's in guardians vol 3 so we just know
she's coming back as really that and
that was it for me watching the movie is
as soon as Gamora got got killed I
started to go oh I guess it just doesn't
matter who's killed because some sort of
magical MacGuffin is going to bring him
back
and so while I enjoyed the movie it was
a little like me you know like oh
they're killing people
but here's the thing and anyone who
reads comic books knows this thing
whenever there is a big crossover event
big things will happen that won't
necessarily affect your favorite stories
it's just a big fun thing that happens
then we go back to our regular stories
yeah so that's the real thing
yes sinner minik sorry we are full
Avengers spoilers we sorry if you're
just joining us jack on 10 years of
continuity coming to a head meth yeah
that's kind of how I felt about it to be
fair for the past week I was on some
medication that altered my mood in a
negative way and that might have
affected my viewing of Avengers infinity
war and I do plan on seeing it again
because my wife didn't get a chance to
see it with us and so we're gonna watch
it another time and I might feel
differently about it but overall rich
let me ask you a question my biggest
criticism of infinities Wars hold on
I've been drinking apparently my biggest
complaint about Avengers infinity war is
that it felts too fast okay there was so
many things happening and I don't feel
like they gave enough time to everything
and that's my biggest complaint well
they have frankly they have three
characters I think they handled it quite
nicely everything felt compartmentalized
and it wasn't about furthering all those
side character stories it was about
introducing and building a pentose yes
that's the purpose of the movie because
it's the you know it's the Avengers
infinity war movie and then the next one
based on you know who they got rid of
it's totally just gonna be the farewell
to the old original Avengers because
they're pretty much the only ones that
are left right so it doesn't make any
sense to develop like Spider
dr. Strange's character in a movie that
is dedicated to Thanos and the Avengers
primarily right but I feel like certain
scenes weren't given their proper set up
or wait like what do you mean a perfect
example is is there's a really wonderful
sequence in which Thor and Groot and
Rocket Raccoon go meet up with
giant-sized Peter Dinklage to make a new
weapon for Thor in the heart of the
dying neutron star and there's this big
sequence where you know Thor does some
hero space stuff to to make the metal
pieces of his hammer and then suddenly
they realize that they don't have the
handle for his new hammer ax but groots
there and groot grows a handle for which
is really cool yeah that was really glad
away but what I felt like they were
going for there was a Groot as the moody
teenager decides to do something noble
and I don't feel like that was set up
properly like like group for the whole
movie was kind of like mad being a moody
teenager like I don't care about any of
this and then all of a sudden decides to
to grow the handle because Thor really
needs you want like three scenes
dedicated to developing Groot Side Story
just so he can make an axe handle yes
and no it was crowded as it was yeah
well that's my complaint that's my exact
point a complaint is there there was us
a little bit of setup that Thor could
understand what Groot was saying his
setup believed elements in the other
movies Matt no no no him to him being
set up to be a moody teenager was
already in the other movies but what
made his turn to help Thor you know Sam
all right just just a couple more scenes
here and there is is my only complaint
these are minor because overall I did
enjoy the movie but there were a bunch
of
payoffs or sequences that I felt could
have used a little more room to grow is
it really that important we know Groot
is noble from the first film but
remember this is a whole new group this
is you know a whole new thing and he
spent the whole movie being a moody
teenager and then decides that he's
gonna help Thor and I did I felt like it
just wasn't fully earned again these are
minor nitpicky complaints but uh that
was indicative of my over Jack wanted
the movie to be longer basically I think
it might be raining I think it is yes I
did I wanted the Iowa I wanted and
obviously it's two it's two and a half
hours so they were they can't make it
super long and all of your favorite
heroes aren't gonna get the scenes they
deserve because it's a huge crossover
event Oh should I spend on my upgrade
that was you did probably dumb yeah
probably dumb should save some for this
special edition blu-ray is going to get
those scenes very possible but no I like
overall I liked it I just felt like it
was it was just a little too fast paced
just a little more room a little more
room booth
so I'm gonna get a fluffy fly me you're
gonna do what I'm gonna go to huh
falafel fly me there you go
I'll go to a football football and
falafel and yeah Jack wanted an extended
sequence we're Groot and Thor hang out
in a casino planet no but so they they
set up a little bit of a connection
between foreign groups because Thor
could understand what Groot is saying
and Thor you know had some kind of
backhanded explanation like oh yeah you
know boy he's an elder there you go
right I know and so like what I'm asking
for in this specific case is like one
more scene where like Thor does
something in Greek go and one more scene
any world would have made the movie
split down the middle I know blown up oh
I fucking know I know rich it was so
long and so much in it this is a movie
we you should not be talking about
adding anything oh I know but it just
seems so fast man
it seems so fast public masticator yes
rich and I are doing full spoilers full
infinity war spoils we're just chatting
about it if the chat probably won't last
very long as you've probably already
listened to rich talked about it at
length and I don't have much to add
besides I liked it but thought it was a
little a little fast fast yeah like like
I'm saying everything everything that
was happening very fast like this things
happen now this thing's that another
things happening a little more we
breathe but overall I thought it was
neat I don't know that I could say it
was faster everything to here we're here
we're over here wherever you can't I
can't agree with that statement those
fast
and again I was on mood altering
medication and I'm going and I'm about
to re-watch it later this week so my
feelings might drastically change so
there's a lot of caveats to what I'm
saying it's slightly too long I don't
know what you cut out but it's slightly
too long
you can't cut out anything you also need
to add and add some stuff and you can't
add any more length and all the heroes
need equal time but it was fun all the
meetups all the meetups rich classic
crossover shenanigans when the Winter
Soldier is fighting back to back with
rocket racoon those cute rocket racoon
wants to buy his arm off of them it's
great it's great when you know this game
is not called minute I will update that
right now Jack managed to successfully
beat minute on stream it's done it's
done I beat it
Drax was hilarious Drax is always
hilarious Drax is always hilarious
I want that character in every movie the
guardians are such awesome fucking
characters in general they're so so
inherently likeable well and and they
play really well with the other yep we
listen we got we got Doctor Strange Iron
Man and star-lord to bitch at each other
for an extended period of time that was
great
all that stuff with the three of them
were great the three biggest dickheads
in the Marvel Cinematic Universe get to
get to hang out on a planet and it was
fantastic
it was getting a very close to I clapped
the movie no it's a crossover event
that's the whole point of the movie that
we're supposed to have these fun moments
where the characters interact with each
other it's a movie built so you can have
the badass lady from the other Avengers
movie fight alongside the badass lady
from the Black Panther movie because
because of fanservice that's fun look at
that big Ford that's fun and the movie
was fun and also it was neat you know
the cool bad guys and Thanos Thanos
being super strong and the good guys
trying their hardest but fucking failing
all the time speaking of failing are you
gonna fail
probably
elites is invulnerable to worry them are
right now so nice and strong boom so you
need to kill all the henchmen boy what
boy kill some he and Valkyrie survive
somehow anyone you didn't see die on
screen is alive and even people you did
see die on screen could be alive when
the magic glove thing they could be
alive but I really think the next one's
gonna narrow its focus on Captain
America Thor Iron Man wasp Paco
Hawkeye the original score Avengers are
gonna be the focus oh sure but then by
the end of that movie anyone like like
for example Heimdall we saw him die on
screen in this movie
anyone we sucked I am this unscreened in
this movie they're liable to come back
to due to the nature of the story
they're doing exactly I take any death
we had with a huge grain of salt
absolutely absolutely and so like you
know because the the chat was if did you
see regular I meant to him that I never
just got around to it it's like oh shit
it's the night before I don't have time
it got away from me so you know that
that ship that Thor in the whole Quran
in the beginning yeah well Valkyrie was
on that ship I'm okay Heimdall was on
that ship Loki Whitley long sound low
key and so but we didn't see Valerie
wasn't on screen doesn't count right
what's any death everyone knows that
sure but even people we did see died
that could be undone by what happens in
the next movie because we all it because
we're logical and practical adults we
know that most of these people are
coming back anyway just because they
have more money to make for the Marvel
machine it's a new character that people
like the other
don't you
nope he just pulled a nope on your ass
Scott the fuck yeah he stayed gone with
other Oh
oh no you got him did you did but he's a
boss yeah he doesn't have he doesn't
have the hit animations there you go
there you go captain maybe Iron Man will
die maybe rocket yeah you know rocket
ships I don't think they're gonna kill a
guardian and amnon James Gunn movie
that'll be the big question hey I even
think gamora's coming back I think it's
gonna be a major plot point we're coming
back oh well we know Gomorrah is coming
back James Gunn already confirm that
she's in volume 3 we know she's gonna be
smoking mirrors I suppose I suppose or
an old interview from before maybe maybe
well and you know it could be captain
it's is it the Russo brothers again who
are directing the next one they've been
making Captain America movies for a
while so they do get to kill captain oh
yeah I think any of the original group
therefore game mm-hmm what'll be what'll
be interesting this is something you and
I talked about outside the stream of on
Sunday what will be interesting is how
ant-man and wasps handle the timeline
I don't probably take place before you
think it'd be interesting to see it take
place in the aftermath really really
interesting yeah but I think it's good
to take place before you just don't
think they want to dedicate that kind of
time
yeah or I don't know emotions
everybody's dead right I mean they
specifically they had a line dedicated
to why ant-man wasn't there you know if
they did announce that it was set in the
aftermath it would increase ticket sales
by a lot really what if that were like a
reveal now it really it really would
people who did not give a shit at all
like like me would actually be
interested in seeing the movie do you
see it man no it's okay that's fucking
ant-man I don't have a shit what it's
bullshit everybody loves Paul Rudd you
don't have to care about ant-man you
watch wall anything Paul Rudd's in boy
boy
make a dead boy make thing dead Captain
Marvel is going to make so much money
off that post-credit T's I see you
actually make you excited to see Captain
Marvel it does make me curious as to
what that beeper is isn't it because we
know the Captain Marvel movie takes
place in the 90s
yeah is it a time travel people you know
it's just that's what they had when she
left when she left whatever wherever she
ended up after the end of the Captain
Marvel movie she had a beeper that's the
only way they have to get ahold of her
sure now that was a nice tease is what
that was I don't I don't think that will
drive up ticket sales I think people
like brie Larson and people now
understand that Marvel consistently
makes okay to good movies so that's
what's going to drive ticket sales
his charismatic lady in a movie I'm sure
will at least be adequate sign me up
Captain Marvel is Supergirl in a
terrible costume no her new costume is
pretty good I don't know what the movie
costume will look like but I like her
new comic costume I think that's me
looking yeah captain Marvel's finally
gonna bring Scrolls to the big screen is
that announced is it announced that
she's fighting the scrolls I haven't I'm
not up on my cap Marvel news neither am
i let's see here uh Huff hard it's a
good evening rich I know you've done so
many reviews that it may not but do your
costumes ever distract you while having
discussions not so much have you ever
had to wear anything or or have you ever
refused to wear anything because you're
like I won't be able to sit and talk in
this for an hour I don't think that many
outlandish suggestions has ever really
been a problem sure go David in oh
people says hey it's Jackson and Dick
Evans you guys should play injustice -
it's the perfect time because ant-man -
just released a new trailer it's fun
trailer
it's a fun trailer I'm a big fan of
repurposing 90s hip-hop into modern day
action movie trailers Deadpool and
ant-man and wasps have repurposed 90s
hip-hop and their trailers and they're
both fine trailers
yeah it looks fun looks like a fun movie
this is harder than the Valkyrie yeah
this looks like it's harder than the
Valkyrie having to take care of the
minions before you can even do damage to
the to the boss you suck at this game
rich well thanks motherfucker how is
that helpful
Talon och how are you being helpful I
don't think it's intended to be helpful
that's what a man says if you're not
intended to be helpful then why do it
cuz you're a dick you don't get the hate
for ant man ID I don't think there's any
hate for a just lack of care yeah
there's a lot of indifference towards
ant man because it's ant man you know
ant man isn't a isn't a character that
is generally like on your kids bedsheets
you know not a household man I think
it's worth it to Paul Rudd Oh what was
that power
too bad they didn't let paul rudd play a
bigger dickhead it would be like the the
real dream scene for for any MCU fan
would be would be more Paul Rudd Robert
Downey jr. interaction like Paul Rudd
with Robert Downey jr. and Benedict
Cumberbatch I think would be better than
than star-lord with
Aquaman is going to get dumped on
Netflix at this point
possibly
poor Aquaman poor Jason Momoa that man
was born in the wrong decade and could
you imagine him acting in the nineties
who's I Aquaman tense fight Oh like like
in the late 80s Early 90s when you know
just everything was an action movie and
stunt casting big beefy dudes was the
thing to do Jason Momoa would have made
out like a bandit
haha
he turned down the role of Drax oh good
I'm glad I'm very glad because
you suck
Batista thank you Dave Batista is is a
is the now that we've seen him as Drax
is the only one who could have played
Rex how was it a terrible attempt
maybe I'll get this after all you keep
working at a rich you keep doing it I'm
not sure ma'am or can be funny yeah who
knows who knows who cares would you have
the reaction time of a 40 year old man
hahaha how easy did you beat the section
jackass oh my first try I don't know we
tie well he's easy
yes Batista was also very good in Blade
Runner hidden talent
as just a really good actor eat it
it's nicely done
nicely done
all right let's see here
rich says add tick claw when J compared
infinity war with Empire Strikes Back I
thought your head would explode I was
processing it more than disapproving and
I wanted to cut in that that Empire
really was more bittersweet hmm well
Avengers infinity war is just press is
or just a huge downer we lose everybody
loses there's no winners yeah fellows
the bad guy wins Empire ends with
everybody's looking their wounds we're
gonna regroup yeah looking out the
window
looking at the future oh they they got
Han but we're gonna get him back right
yeah
Finity Wars just we failed everyone's
dead spider-man just dissolved in your
arms everybody's dead
other people are stuck on a planet we
can't get him we can't get him they're
gone Bucky's gone
visions dead vision got his brain ripped
out of his skull right did Wanda die too
probably who care everyone's dead far
darker than Empire oh my god everybody's
dead
everybody's dead
you liked how it ended no to be
continued bullshit
well no quite clearly is yeah we all
know it's gonna be to be continued and
after the after the credits sequence
there was a fan OHS will return so kind
of a to be continued new its yeah at
this point in Marvel movies we all know
the score
honestly that pride just saved them
three seconds of screen time and we're
just trying to save every minute of
screen time that they could I know
I think you know the most depressing
thing was was Maria Hill dissolving into
ash
love me that called Cobie Smulders I'll
tell you why
now you do I do love me that Colby
smoulders she hasn't been a big part of
any movie but but she's always classy
miss Thanos going to have a reason to
leave his retirement battle that's the
next movie well we'll find out find out
we'll find out if this was his purpose
and now he's really gonna retire or if
he really is just a bad guy I mean who
knows if he's a bad guy or not
who doesn't see himself that way I know
but is that is that where they're going
to use to to best him has proved to him
that he really is just a bad guy
doesn't he seem like he's doesn't seem
like he's all that bad to me says
razorblade ad you know he just murders
half of every planet he murders half
half of every planet because they
committed the crime of being hungry and
poor so you know but you know it doesn't
seem like that bad again true blue
review says I have only two problems
with infinity war the first is that
Thanos is motivation may have worked for
his home planet but he has no reason to
think it's the same case for the rest of
the universe yeah he is the mad Titan
listen he's he's the bad guy he's got a
bad guy plan
it's it's not the worst motivation I I
don't know if they could have gone with
his original motivation for the movie
just because that would add a whole
other layer of complexity to to at all
I suppose we already did have hella but
I think that would have taken I think
that would have turned this into from a
two-parter to a three parter had had he
been courting death
I think it was more issue of the
audience buying the Rooter aspects of
Marvel's cosmology that's that's another
thing that's another leap that that they
would have to make oh there you got him
got him a little bit yeah that'd be
another that'd be a whole nother leap
oh no it's probably not hella whoo-hoo
we fell in love with but it was Lady
Death not the god bastard a mistress
death which I honestly after they we
just got done with the goddess of death
that would have added another bit of
confusion to everyone
but it's fine no it's you know it works
it works as comic book villain
motivation it works as I'm doing this
for your own good oh you can poke a ton
of holes on the logic oh sure
oh absolutely well especially the logic
that he sees himself as a good guy
that's where it really starts to break
down because it's just like oh man but
it's fine it's fine
everything's fine
rev valiant bloodshot says I compare the
Avengers films to be a fireworks show or
a carnival ride the fast fun dumb and
not taken seriously the deep story
should be the solo films r.i.p
spider-man hi Craig
this this this was a crossover and damn
it we got I think expectations because
of the first Avengers movies was in will
be incredibly high for just the
foreseeable future for every single
Avengers movie just because that first
Avengers movie is is brilliant it's just
wonderful it was a big gamble that paid
off in a big way but I'm not gonna do
this you're not going to do this there's
no that's fine but there's no there's
nothing wrong with a little bit of
fanservice and a little bit of dumb fun
in your crossover event movies you I'm
trying to think I'm trying to think of
of like the super funny moment the many
one of the many super fun moments you
know just the the the whole spider-man
Doctor Strange thing it's cute it's all
cute oh we're overusing our superheroes
Oh spider like that is adorable
that's just adorable you want that it's
not wrong it's well but Doctor Strange
is real it's cute he doesn't know that
exactly that's what I'm saying it's
super cute everything about it's super
cute
spider-man becoming the iron spider
though to be fair I thought this was
Iron Man's ugliest oh yeah ugliest it's
up there
the I never much liked the one from
three as much as I liked that movie
which one yeah I guess well the main one
uses in three I like I any of those
suits I liked the mechanical feel of all
of his suits they actually looked like
something a human would build and now
that he's yeah I hate the nanotech now
that he has nanotechnology and they're
very streamline and you know they don't
have the little gears and servos I
dislike to see I think it's ugly it
might be the worst yes and it adds an
extra layer of of MacGuffin ISM to his
suits now because now they can rearrange
to be just fucking anything okay cuz
there's gonna be done for the next one
probably figured we can go whole hog now
just go crazy give them all the toys
because these were killing them off boy
get out of my way
isn't Tony Stark a little outclass
technology-wise now that the guardians
are in the picture should be
mumfie presented that way Guardian tech
maybe maybe no one else in the universe
figured out his his special element that
he that he invented maybe nobody else in
the universe figured that out it was
just Tony Stark it could be also I'm
gonna say that while the guardians do
have a lot of technology it's pretty DIY
heavy you know it's it's rocket
duct-taping bombs and rockets together
so it's not as sleek of presentation as
Tony's but it's it's scrap built out of
technology that is alien and highly
sophisticated sure sure
although someone named chat is asking
whether spoilers are done and I'm just
gonna say we're we're spoiling spoiler
probably longer so if you don't want
spoilers you just go oh yeah we're not
only gonna talk about that it's what
most comes up I don't care what I'm
saying we're we've lifted these spoilers
restriction for the night
absolutely talking about whatever you
want to talk about oh yeah well yeah
we're just going through tips which of
course now is all infinity war because
we've lifted the spoiler ban which is
fine which is all fine will they bother
to keep animating Thor's fake eye or
just change it back to blue with no
explanation is it fake is it animated or
just a contact once do any fancy
animations I haven't really noticed that
I know it's a different color well I
think that's what they're asking are
they gonna keep it a different color or
are they gonna say fuck it in the next
movie and if they say fuck it in the
next movie is he gonna make some he's
probably gonna have a one sentence
explanation like oh I fixed it yeah but
contact ones is not the most difficult
thing in the world it's not the most
difficult prosthetic right or you get a
close-up and you do the fancy animation
and it pays off for one scene I could
see him keeping it
I could see it keeping them
at this point it's probably cheaper to
CGI the color than to have more contact
all day it's probably cheaper and easier
to CGI it
much like the Valkyries these people do
not these big baddies do not let you do
your big windup attacks nice end up
against that wall good good move good
move Peter Dinklage was great Peter
Dinklage who got to play a giant dwarf
which is an interesting sentence to say
everything is very fun in the movie like
I said it's just just just for you whoo
let's see here Brown Adam Sandler's has
thoughts on spider-man's death it was
the gut punch in the sequence dual sure
did you hear the theory that the reason
Peter is the only one who realized what
was happening to him was because of the
spine no that's the reason he's the only
one that that really reacts strongly is
so that could be the emotional gut punch
it's nobody's got the spider sense of
course you know just know it was we want
to make Tony Stark feel really bad this
is a bad ending so so so so Tom Holland
we really want you to act out this one
man that was what it was
they've they've it that that's that was
a three movie arc for those two yeah
like he brought him in in civil war they
had their thing in spider-man homecoming
now that was that was that was a really
decent emotional punch and something
that only the Marvel Cinematic Universe
can accomplish at this point also you
don't even need the spidey sense excuse
because he was the only one who I think
saw other people go first oh yeah and
he's smart enough to know oh right right
now but it's like it's it's such a neat
thing like seeing the emotional impact
after all of these separate movies
so pessimistic how was it pessimistic
the reason he's the one that was oh oh
it was for the drama that's not
pessimistic Ryan if we want to be super
cynical about it I can take care of that
the reason that his death lasted the
longest is because he's the most
marketable character the one you
absolutely would not have expected right
deaths granny
he's young so it's it's the saddest one
cuz he's just a kid no no no I was done
for emotional reasons not booth by
resentful thing the length of death
sequence is equally proportionate to how
much people care about that character
there's a reason that war machine didn't
get a big send-off like I think he
disappeared in a pile of weeds I don't
know if war machine even died I forget
because no one cares about war machine
and there's nothing wrong with making
his death dramatic for dramatic purposes
since it was just the right call
oh absolutely well like I was getting
into yes I just updated the title that
rear spoiler like I was getting into
that's that's a really neat aspect of
the multi movie continuity where we get
to watch them over the years
develop a relationship and in separate
movies and in from different people's
perspective and that's neat I'll bet you
when they wrote that they weren't saying
well spider-man's got the spidey sense
so that's why he knows it's coming with
that know the most traumatic thing that
could happen would be if spider-man ties
Tony's arms and will make it as hard for
Tony as it could possibly be so
spider-man's gonna beg for his life not
the fighters that thought coming forward
oh shit it wasn't war machine that that
it was Falcon the Martian about to like
I don't know you know why I don't care
about those characters I just don't care
one of them one of them died in a pile
of weeds I thought pretty much the only
people left were the original Avengers
and
well he was he was you know even even
though it was a different actor he was
there from the beginning
Rodie yeah oh yeah that's true
you know that's true so he's got a
reason to be around absolutely
he way I forget forget because it wasn't
Don Cheadle right it was uh it was a
Terrence Howard but technically speaking
he was still there
I'm sorry but Falcon is the coolest no
disrespect to the Falcon I just I don't
care about him like a care about
spider-man is all I'm saying
Terrence Howard as war machine would
have been great you know what it would
have been hilarious
Taryn man what a what a what an awkward
pairing Terrence Howard like trying to
be a badass with
yeah yeah they do you do where are we we
have a hunchback taxes as which MCU
movies do you consider critical to watch
before watching infinity war Civil War
homecoming doesn't hurt homecoming
hasn't hurt Ragnarok just so you know
why
Thor's in space yeah that'd be important
wait that might be it that's probably it
for like super necessary you might want
to know who dr. Strange's III didn't see
the Doctor Strange movie I was fine
The Guardian I don't know the guardians
but if you had no idea who the guardians
were oh I suppose yeah that's kind of a
big deal with them and fan eyes how
about the mall just watch you can watch
them all except for ant-man you probably
don't have to watch yeah that looks
probably you probably safe yeah so all
of them except for ant-man and you're
fine
no you kind of need to watch Thor to to
remember why Thor 3 is important right
flip Master Yoda and then you should
watch Justice League just to have a good
laugh infinity war why the fuck is
ant-man 2 coming out less than 2 months
after this and how the cleanser and this
is the third Marvel movie this year
Black Panther just came out in fucking
what February January olga bi I think it
might just be a palate cleanser people
just know that death and destruction
let's take it down it's calm down roll
like another heist movie lot of fun hey
remember that guy from the first movie
who talked a lot and was really goofy
he's easy this one too
he's everybody loves him van Julianne
Lily she's good she's gonna be doing
hurt and sure shit it's great that's
actually not a bad thought yeah and
really the probably the other reason is
they can they at this point they can get
away with it what else what else does
Disney have this summer why not when's
the one's the solo coming out probably
next Christmas Star Wars movies have
been sort of follow things if you follow
the pattern yeah I don't
next year is three Marvel movies as well
with with what Captain Marvel Avengers 2
and homecoming - shit that's a lot ready
to go train more these these these
special world challenges they're just
not easy man I'm not I'm not at a part
of the game that is easy
Disney has eight like eight big releases
this year it feels like it and why not
they make money on every single one of
them that's the thing as long as like
that they're just there they're fine
they're all good they're not making any
they're not making any mistakes it's not
like they're there shoveling out turds
looking at you Sony so you know let them
keep making decent movies I'm look I'm
looking at you everyone who's not Disney
solo comes out in a month
really what is that true that's strange
I just assumed the pattern would hold
and it would be their holiday thing what
is Disney doing this Christmas rich solo
comes out at the end of this month
what solo comes out in 20-some days 23
days the solo movie comes out that
doesn't make any fight that doesn't make
any fucking sense
infinity war is still going to be in the
theater I this does not make any sense
when solo comes out unless they just
have so little faith and so low is that
it is that it that could be it
that could be up May 25th is the solo
movie do they have little faith in the
solo movie or did they already do their
scheduling and not realize how huge it
was gonna be do you hear yourself speak
as soon as I said it I knew it was a
mistake as soon as I said it because
they are they the well they just got
done under estimating the performance of
black panther like black panther was
still in some theaters days before
infinity war came out
Oh gotcha uh Jesus Christ
solo is coming out like super soon that
sucks
I thought I was gonna have to worry
about that crap like six months they had
infinity war come out early so it
wouldn't conflict with solo or so they
claimed fuckas infinity war moving to
accommodate solo black panther was in
the theater next door when I saw
infinity war yeah they did not expect
Black Panther to have the light state it
had honestly that's just not a joke that
thing was also a next door to the
theater I see that's great I mean that's
that's great and also just a little
strange
rich people keep saying resurrection
stone I don't know they don't I don't
have one
Jesus Disney owns everything yeah
together do they absolutely do
Disney Disney or Amazon that's what we
got right now you want to watch a thing
go to Disney you want to buy the thing
from the thing you just watched go to
Amazon what's up with this guy's feet is
he an elf he might be a Dark Elf he's a
dark elf they got weird feet or so I
assume who has more integrity Disney or
asylum well Disney I do believe
genuinely tries to make quality things
so I'm gonna say Disney just because
they own everything doesn't inherently
make them bad once they start stopping
other people they're there they're gonna
be bad eventually Disney but right now
they're just making good things and I
think they're trying to make good things
so I'm gonna say asylum is worse they
genuinely try to make high profit things
yes but they understand that making them
well makes them high profit so
what would have to happen for Disney's
media empire to collapse the apocalypse
the the absolute utter apocalypse things
- incomprehensible big to ever fill
usually calls sooner or later Jack time
time eventually sunset the British
Empire at some point sits that's true
there there would have to be a whole lot
of miscalculations for that to happen
that there would have to be a lot of
mistakes Disney started making like what
once once Disney movies once there
Disney like animated features started
waning they started being really smart
and just started buying things that
already made money and and now they're
making money off of the things they
bought to make money and I'm sure they
are just going to continue doing
sweat socks
oh right uh hi jack rich says gee shots
I just read I am legion I am Bob on your
recommendation really enjoyed it thanks
for the tip and thanks for all the
streaming entertainment I look forward
to that I have that audio book waiting
for me as soon as I get done with my
super depressing history of racial
segregation book that I'm reading right
now which by the way is very fascinating
and oh and utterly depressing I'm a
little absorbed in that at the moment
and then I'm gonna and then I'm gonna
we're gonna lighten the mood with a
little a little fun sci-fi that's my
that's my hope and let me start with
hydrogen bomb
rich are you our new normal yeah these
are these are some of the channel this
is like this is the this is the
difficult challenge though on this this
is a special challenge area that which
is out so not not every
not every area is this bad
dougie Jones the book I'm currently
listening to him you know audible listen
listening to but it's also in print one
is called the color of law which is a
history of racial segregation by
government officials and it is utterly
and hopelessly depressing but very
interesting very interesting got a roll
you should a roll rich should have room
sounds like a hoot and a half yeah yeah
it's it's a bit much but it's it's
really interesting and and utterly
heartbreaking alright I think we might
be getting here the last that's fine
rich that's fine
we get we got a couple more tips here so
attempt as many times as you feel like
DubLi sandwich
what says once mutants inevitably get
absorbed into the current Marvel
Cinematic Universe they'll start from
scratch do you think the MCU will
incorporate the anti-mutant agenda or
will it ignore it altogether
I don't I don't know how the fuck
they're going I know they're going do I
have expressed the opinion before view
that x-men should take place at its own
universe because the x-men kind of
relies on this this pre-established
discrimination against mutants and in
order to have mutants in the MCU you
have to introduce them fresh like they
haven't exist in the MCU before we've
not heard
fucking shit about mutants before yeah
and it's weird of just suddenly they're
around and they're discriminated against
it's weird
I almost think they should they should
have an x-men mutant universe but they
probably won't do that and I don't know
I have no idea how they would handle it
well here would be the the proper way to
handle it was it would be not deal
with any of the discrimination stuff in
the first movie you know you hint that
the key to the x-men experience the
other the the the really the part of
that is that they feel like outsiders
and that they feel different and so the
first movie is all about how they're
hiding right they're hiding their true
powers and yes you know you got a shield
up yep
so you know the first movie is just them
hiding their true powers because they're
afraid of what society will do to them
you know you could cite like you know
people like the Hulk and how people are
afraid of them and stuff like that like
we're you know they could use the end of
the current MCU kind of kind of to their
advantage to say you know hey we're not
Captain America
we're not Tony Stark how are they
significantly different were Outsiders
maybe maybe you give them a given put
more weird-looking ones on the ex-home
put put the real weird ones on that you
know maybe make it night crawler centric
because he's a he's a goblin looking one
and you know just have the first movie
them doing super shit in in the shadows
and then maybe at the end of that one
they make themselves public and then the
second one growing resentment towards
the mutant invasion on that that kind of
stuff it could work it could all work
i people aren't necessarily cool with
Hulk I mean he destroys whole cities and
people are mad at him a lot that's a
Hulk thing and people are okay with Tony
Stark and Captain America and Thor cuz
they're just they're good-looking people
the good-looking rich people right so I
think there's there's like a a
marginalization angle that they could
take with the mutants it would take some
setting up and I don't think they could
do it their first movie out is what I'm
saying those were commas cat no cap
isn't rich cap is handsome cap Iron Man
and Thor are rich and ants are that they
are either or they are rich or handsome
or created by America or gods or rich or
handsome all the above that's what I
meant it sorry not that Captain
America's rich even though he might be
at this point will you're right I do
have gems for Dark Elf damage resistance
I bet caps the kind of person who
invests his money wisely he's been
hanging out in the condo like he doesn't
need to pay rent
that's an American crane had Christ yes
we are we're all we're talking all the
spoilers I put it in the title so hard
to be rich on the run okay he's
good-looking he's an American Hero
everyone loves him
everyone loves captain caps been
collecting interest on a hundred plus a
year bank account exactly he doesn't
have to work anymore
he fry he fill up J Friday he's cat he's
got that in had bank account do you know
you can get an Infinity Gauntlet in God
of War I did not know that like a
licensed Infinity Gauntlet like haha
yeah like like the the forever glove is
what they call it the golden forever
glory is it in partnership with Marvel
is like a promotional thing oh no all I
can't imagine what up
why can't you imagine they've done
weirder the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
are in Justice do yes I can't imagine I
that's we're talking Disney how much how
much they're gonna pay Disney for that
even though like now the Avengers are in
like home insurance and cholesterol
medication commercials I don't I can't
imagine God of War paying a lot of money
for them
oh yeah and this is the Sony stuff well
maybe you know Sony and Marvel have been
they've been friends lately they're
saying it's not official it's just very
similar but it is a reference look up
sure I haven't seen it so yeah let's see
here
true blue review says my other problem
with infinity war is that there were
several times a character there were
several times the character letting
another character die would have stopped
Thanos's playing entirely most notably
Gomorrah with nebula and Wanda with
vision and to add to that
I know it's trainable that our heroes
don't want to let other people die
strange dr. strange an Iron Man yeah dr.
strange an Iron Man no that one you're
wrong about what dr. strange letting
Tony live in exchange for giving Thanos
the gem right even though earlier in the
movie he was saying if it comes to me or
the gym I'll sacrifice you right there
was also a scene where he meditated and
saw into the futures there was that only
that one future they want in yeah and
obviously this is something Doctor
Strange needed to have done in order for
them to be ultimately victorious oh yes
we will we will discover this as was all
part of dr. Strange's plan now you see
if a knows needed to get all this
because I feel that if Thanos did this
Captain America would be alive and
captain would do the thing to make to
make it all better whatever right right
absolutely
and he's gonna be a real dick about it
at the auction which is gonna be great I
told you I had a plan but right like
that's that's kind of standard Comic
Book II superhero II stuff which is you
know I don't want the person right next
to me to die even if that means half of
the planet will die which is fine that's
all fine acceptable comic tricky stuff
Tiberius Kirk says Jack is it okay that
after your story about your tremors I
nominated shakes the clown for movies
tonight
yes I think that's very funny so yes I
think that's okay Tiberius Kirk shakes
that clown what a punch it want one ah
let's see what we got here
James jamming tanasul expanse spoilers
so if you are watching the expanse and
aren't fully caught up on season two
heads up in the expanse Naomi gives the
thing Fred Johnson and everyone gets mad
at her but in the books they decide that
Fred should have it why do you think
they did that retention man for crew
tension I'm sure it's gonna pay off in
some sort of meaningful way you know the
whole the so far all the the stories
revolve around kind of the you know the
morality of war and the struggles for
power among Earth Mars and the belt and
you know Naomi did a big dumb thing the
pasta
for a good reason and you see him it
makes sense character wise I would
actually I would have been more thrown
off if in the TV version the whole crew
decided to do that to Fred Johnson
because Holden is kind of Holden is kind
of a Captain America s person where he
just makes the right decision even if
it's the bad one so I'm gonna I'm gonna
I'm gonna say okay I'm okay with it
valium bloodshot says I'm curious how
they will get Adam warlock into the next
one he's a part of the original story
and he was teased in guardians to
perhaps Captain Marvel can these have
been developed enough for him to have to
be the major player in infinity war oh
god no no no yeah that would be that
would be the dumbest move they could
made the the the the most likely
possibility is that after the Captain
Marvel movie captain Marvel's coming in
and she will be though Adam warlock to
help save the day Adam warlock was
important well for one he in in previous
comics he was Thanos's archenemy okay
but for another thing he had a
connection to the soldier oh the more is
going to serve that function what was
his connection to the soul he was losing
his fucking forehead for years oh as a
character he just had the soldier that
was this big he just he was connected to
this but now that wasn't a metaphor I
think I kind of ripped that off with the
vision right right right
okay the visions got the mind Jim I was
actually the comics it was more like
with the soul Jim oh okay okay gotcha so
no so he is not important to this story
he won't be a part of it I don't think
so and I think it would be stupid if
they tried sure yeah that would be weird
at this point no one knows who he is he
was teased in a in in like a to a second
of three post-credit scenes in well we
don't even see him we see his cocoon
right I think I will call him Adam right
exhausted chose wants to know if Howard
the Duck is showing up again right it
would be it would be as if Howard the
Duck came in to save the day that
actually would make more sense probably
more people know who Howard the Duck is
then they know who Adam warlock is now I
I'm going to assume that Captain Marvel
who Oh bullshit
who is Supergirl she's just you know but
she is the the big hitter of the group
is going to come in and help fight them
because that would make more sense as
far as their business game plan is
concerned
I hope we get an MCU Howard the Duck
movie James Gunn wants to do it does he
oh fuck yeah I'm totally down James Gunn
has been itching to do a Howard the Duck
movie since before guardians and and and
he he fought to get Howard the Duck in
you know the the post credit sequence of
yeah of guardians he wants it's so
fucking bad I don't know if it can
happen Adam warlock is more popular than
Captain Marvel who has their own comic
book right now does that him more like
everyone kind of right I know I agree I
agree with you jack
I don't think Joe public has any fucking
idea who the fuck Adam warlock is what's
what's really important is to understand
what nice you are in and and know that
other people aren't necessarily into
that nice and so like a monk amongst
hardcore comic book people Adam warlock
and might be more popular than Captain
Marvel but the sales on her comic book
might not even be that good but she has
one when's the last time Adam warlock
has been in a comic book
so I stand I stand by my students
Brow's cynic says how aware are you of
the Milwaukee Bucks and the a-teams I
know they exist that's it
yeah I know there's probably spending a
stupid amount of money so they can have
a stadium when nobody in the fucking
town gives a shit nobody nobody wants a
new stadium nobody cares about the box
there's not been a popular movement to
keep the Bucks in town and no but hey
it's been a bunch of dollars in that how
about let's make a new stadium I like it
would have been a better sale if they
said more touring musicians will come
into town because of the Bucks arena
like oh yeah okay
then we'll pay for it but no one cares
that it's the new bucks arena they made
the playoffs this year I had no idea and
have one of the best young players in
all of basketball I I can't tell you the
last time I've been to a Bucks game I
don't really know anyone who goes to
Bucks games but you know what I just got
done saying it's important to know the
nice you're in and now that the other
people might like the Bucks so I don't
know I'm not a huge basketball fan but
I'm from Chicago I have far more of an
emotional connection to the Bulls
from the from the Chicago area if you
want to get anal
all right well we almost done yeah we're
okay we're just about cut up anytime you
want to stop you've been you've got a
heavy was gonna the last truck you've
been pounding your face against a brick
wall for the past hour and a half so
anytime you're ready to stop it's a hard
fight I'm not giving up full
concentration yeah and it probably
wouldn't matter anyway this is our
fights listen
MLG Freeman says were slash are you guys
more excited to see Deadpool - or
Avengers Avengers infinity war a fan of
my favorite comic characters and how did
you think how do you think his
motivation is completely different but
otherwise it feels like Thanos oh that's
good
so you enjoyed it yeah that's good
I was also more excited to see Avengers
infinity more I think Deadpool 2 is
gonna be good it looks funny but yeah
that was more hyped for Avengers and
were was em he's not gonna waste time
showing off he's just shit done yeah
Thanos does shit he gets shipped done he
doesn't pose threatened he just gets
shit done
oh gosh rich do you have do you have to
see the solo movie for half in the bag
hope anyway you can pawn that off on
Jack
good luck buddy Oh guys I'm feeling
really sick I can't I can't I'm sick I
can't listen I don't want to see it
either
let's see your crane head crisis just
some Avengers today so just watched the
review and I'm sorry if this has been
asked already but how did Jay find out
that the action figure looked exactly
like him I know they saw idea okay well
you guys have the action we have the
action figure I heard about it from you
from Jay so I don't know how a chair mic
that actually figure just might have
been here as part of the set or did he
buy it special for that episode
true-blue review says lightning round
question who gave the press performance
aside from Boleyn Tom Holland that death
scene that death scene it was great that
was pretty good
that was pretty good yeah I don't know I
need another one which stone would you
want to be able to use practically that
space stone seems pretty wicked just
teleportation just move on down any
place that seems pretty you do a lot
with time you could do a lot with time
no doubt about it I don't want to like
rip like I just want to like get to the
grocery store faster I don't want to
like mess around with timelines and the
space-time continuum like that see if I
at a time Jem Jack I'd have a lot less
apology streams you know what I just
watched the movie how'd you do that rich
time stone Oh
yeah reality seems to be really useful
like that seems to get a lot done do we
what does like the soulstone and stuff I
don't know right
the soulstone seems to be able to stop
space Nazis so that's pretty powerful
stops him right in their track by the
way I was really happy to see it fresco
yeah I'm just happy that Hugo Weaving
still working man I showed up it was
just nice oh look at that
a little a little character that's great
let's see which someone Julia's use and
which combination of characters would
you want to have their own movie I just
thinking of fun fanservice stuff that
the the Winter Soldier and rocket racoon
team-up was really funny and give them a
little buddy cop movie where they just
shoot everything be done I'm done and
and a badass ladies of fighting movie a
black widow and head lady of the black
man third ladies that was great I'm
being informed that it wasn't Hugo
Weaving right Hugo Weaving put his foot
down and told Marvel never again after
Captain America apparently he didn't
enjoy the experience then who was that I
don't know I didn't notice the
difference but then again it's been so
long since I've seen sure First Avenger
I suppose they just got to look alike
well shit well I guess it was just nice
to see the Red Skull - it's just a
little who was it then
it was Ross Marquand of the micro
impressions guy on YouTube really they
got it they got a fucking Hugo Weaving
impersonator cameo mm-hmm yeah well
there you go
well there you go it was not relieving I
color me shocked color me shocked not
necessarily appalled but shocked yeah if
if all of a sudden the Hugo Weaving
impersonator like becomes the main
villain in a movie then I'll be appalled
the first time it roles been recast but
recast as someone russian who does an
impression of the first actor i you know
what actually i wonder hmm i wonder if
the actors guild would get involved with
that no idea i wonder if there's a union
rule against that
when will your God of War review be out
we just filmed it today realistically
Monday possibly before that but
realistically Monday also there's a good
chance that won't be around for the next
stream just so knows y'all prepared for
it okay yeah then we might not stream on
Sunday in which case I'll do a Monday
morning okay okay so heads up heads up
okay and we're all caught up
so we've now reached the point in the
stream in which we thank all of the
lovely people who have subscribed to us
during the stream we will even thank the
non lovely people who subscribed to us
so everyone stream I mean just you know
where I'm good the whole gamut lovely
and non lovely much like sad Vega
roll-off am a tech who has subscribed to
us
nineteen months in a row and says boy
Varya are 77 427 fucking months in a row
says hello and thanks again for all the
years of joy geekery and clowns pand a
Bibble loopy dog one level nope Eve
Elkhorn Alcon evl come maybe who says
hello from Mexico down the wall thank
you for all the good times all right
well I can wagon for 14 months Guba
meister comrade five five two zero mega
paw who says hey guys a few streams ago
you were telling me about puppets I make
professional ones at my studio I can
hook you up and don't read this part but
you know the website we can go - all
right thanks mega pop goblin Gugs
for 45 motherfucking months in a row
says brimful of Asha on the 45 brimful
of Asha on the 45
everybody wants a bosom for a pillow
everybody wants a bosom you know that
one have no idea it's a song it's an
alternative rock song from the mid to
late 90s I don't remember bream for love
at around 45 I might know what if I
heard the actual song it sounds just
like that not a lyrics guy everyone
everybody wants a bosom for a pillow you
don't remember that song I don't do
music well everybody wants a bullet for
the vélib everybody wants the bosom it
was a thing it was a whole thing rich
alright yo kitty
double-o one for 13 months it away says
hey guys gonna play a co-op game any
time well maybe see what happens happens
every now and then
apparently no
remembers the song except for me by the
way the chat is saying they also do not
remember this song am I the only one who
listened to alternative rock in the mid
to late 90s one listened to alternative
rock in the mid to late 90s but I don't
recall that song that just no one
remembers it uh-huh
that's fine that's fine you know what my
favourite alternative rock song from the
mid to late 90s was is who sucked out
the feeling do you remember that one
Jack stick to somebody just stick to
that that's your nice good song you're
not the sharpest tool in the shed Jack
I'm not doing good is a good song wait
okay where where did we go okay you do
that one yeah okay so we're at rhythm
gardener who says go rah go Ron's is
morons okay from where your earlier
talking about how you don't like Carla
keep hacking and fraud and hail Hydra
sir I don't think they really deserve to
be put in machines I just don't need
them in myself again okay the gorons
they're stupid I hate that I hate the
big dumb warriors hey brother hey
brother let's smash some rocks and eat
some rock hoho I never cared for big
dumb warrior race guys that has never
did yeah that's okay Oh strong strength
okay civilization well to be fair they
also live on a fucking volcano they
don't have much jump well this would
have saying it makes sense they're not
they're not building sky square
papers and drinking tea they're hanging
out on a volcano which loves tracks but
hates gorons there's an exception to
every rule man that's true that's true
we are at James Farr who says thanks for
all the great content guys WTF pone I
believe 87 sure loan an who says they
should really just rename the Avengers
movie movies Tony Stark gets more PTSD
poor guy
they should just rename every Avenger
movie poor Pepper Potts
why is she sticking around she's ash why
she why she's sticking around I think
she's I think I don't think she blew
away Jack it's very possible but you
know like after after the first couple
of kidnapping and iron Manning and then
pepper gets kidnapped and then Tony
almost blows up and then pepper gets
kidnapped again eventually she's just
got to be like I have to get out of this
relationship Tony don't you think I I
don't know what the motivation for the
fictional character is to stay in the
weird relationship it's because she's a
fictional character and she stays in
there because because we like Tony to
have a love interest who he talks to
occasionally your wife he found out she
was a superhero would you ditch her
oh god no okay well then she's got to
stop complaining just just know what you
got know what you got pepper you're
married to a billionaire superhero
you're fine or they're not married yet
but yeah by the way can can I say I was
we've probably talked about this at some
point but just speaking of Pepper Potts
in superhero movies yeah I was
unreasonably excited when Gweneth
Paltrow showed up at the end of
spider-man homecoming
oh oh that's scene yell like way at the
end of spider-man homecoming Gwyneth
Paltrow is just there and ready to do
her stuff as Pepper Potts but she's been
missing for like eight movies
I was like oh go ahead fulcrums back how
nice fun I just say what I'm saying is I
was being unreasonably excited they
applaud she left him over
age of Ultron in age of all yeah and
well they implied she less than that
Tony straight-up said we're taking a
break in Civil War and so like yes she
was just gone
yeah and and then also she's like come
back now that's fine
I'm pepper exactly
oh I listen I know there were some
behind the scenes dealing I just liked
it I just like that that pepper came
back all right
unhhhh reasonably excited let's see
where we're at blind you blind unlined
is what we're at true blue review for 18
months in a row says hot take got aboard
and have the kind of story it had to
mature with its audience but so that it
would be more like these stories of the
Triple A ps4 games of the last few years
maybe we'll get into that we got a whole
review where we talked about that a
true-blue review that's why we can't
talk about it much right now we just
talked it out we're done a clockwork
Stalin for 42 motherfucking months in a
row
Gino suave for 17 months or in a row
says when I was 17 it was a very good
year it's another song I don't know what
though it was a very good year yeah it
took my tongue took my brain I think II
all I can do is think of The Simpsons
parody when I was 17 I drank some very
good beer I drank some very good beer
that I purchased with a fake ID my name
was Scotty McGee
I stayed up listening to Queen
when I was seventeen sombody Telemark
says Voyager is my favorite Star Trek
should I unsubscribe you know you don't
have to maybe just don't bring it we're
not gonna agree with you but that's fine
you liked it that's fine f c-- elites
for 21 fucking months in a row
recommended play Thunderbird what says
what's the deal with everyone at our LM
whose name starts with J liking
arty-farty bullshit
by the way that smell true it's all the
J's really like already farty bullshit
Sagan 12 24 39 motherfucking months in a
row Diggs II do pest freak for 12 months
in a row says love you guys thank you
GTA 2 for 2 9 the real van for 30
fucking months in a row since since we
already saw everyone punched Thanos in
the mood of it since we already saw
everyone punched Thanos in this movie I
hope the next one will be some kind of
Ocean's eleven slash Harry Potter and
the Deathly Hallows mashup to get the
stones back that would be something
interesting we haven't seen before in
the MCU
I guess they listen we know we met man
barely got punched he barely got well he
got a fucking axe in his chest
so that's kind of like a punch I mean
like we're missing some heavy hitters
coming in to part 2 here so they're
gonna have to pull off some sneaky
bullshit Kevin Feige if he / g this phi
g 5g he's been to date he has been smart
yes and i don't think it's just gonna be
they all grouped together and punch him
in the face
no i don't they can't do that they're
gonna do something clever well that's
what I'm saying they don't have the head
hitters so they're gonna do some sneaky
bullshit it's gonna be great I mean
they're gonna punch someone else in the
face so they can do something clever
maybe probably but they're not gonna
with hunch Santos in the face what else
Captain America is gonna punch other
people in the face while they do
something sneaky yeah Kimora's gonna
make him feel sad she's dead she's your
souls alive Gamora is 100% going to be a
factor hmm I like that 100% going her
her soul is gonna honk is he had to give
him her soul to get the soul stone so
now her soul is bonded to the soul stone
ooh I like it Richie just wrote it they
stole your idea and they're making it
and that makes a lot of sense I like him
monk Oh Potamus who says I did the thing
this month again hurry dr. Talos art
anus six I know I don't think that's
supposed to be art anus but nope I like
art anus and that's what I'm going with
six max thrust Alec station for 19
months hey did they mention the Hawkeye
at all I mentioned did they yeah why
does everyone have to show up for every
an adventure can't he just not have
gotten a hold of him in time he's been a
part of the movies sure but I mean for
this specific adventure did he get him
mention he had a mention I think him
ant-man was like the same now they're
lying low there well ant-man got a thing
like or am I just wrong by remembering
that wrong I don't know
he was honey I thought that well and
maybe I missed it because I remember
them saying like Oh an ant man's on
house arrest so he didn't want to risk
that but I don't remember the the same
way okay the same line as Ant Man
all right
that's her that's her no se caen nope
did we do that we did we're way down
there we're at max thrust I just did
fuck we're at Alex station for 19 months
in a row
who says I only subscribe to hear the
opinions of the true intellectual
sphincters casual horse that was my
casual horse casual horse 29 fucking
months in a row miss toots for 16 months
in a row who says missed the stream I
just bought this game hopefully it's
good rich really likes him good York it
and nobody else does it's the last one
you know what I think with the theme of
all the with all the Norse that's key
orc like Bjork
