Mar 28, 2018
Dishonored, Slay the Spire
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/249411949
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/249413307
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/249415242
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2y0r7P1IiY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63_3bCRqgUQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANdV65o3Hgo
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/979105683760144384

[Part I]
how's everyone doing how's everyone
doing something I got denied their
detective Pikachu yet again no no no say
why I I have it with me I have the
Pikachu with me and I have my I have my
Diddy Kong with me I got everything okay
so I was running a little late and the
problem was you know what the problem
was rich women be shopping women be
shopping is the problem my wife went out
to buy some like furniture type stuff
and she was coming back so then I could
you know come to the stream and she was
running a little late apparently the
store was a little late and so but then
we all the the furniture needs to leave
the van and get into the house before I
leave you know cuz she can't carry it by
herself okay no problem but you know
let's be quick about it because I'm
running late
and I'm carrying a bit of a very heavy
box into the door and I don't know maybe
she tripped maybe maybe it wasn't her
fault maybe she just felt like spy tting
me it's very possible at least have
pushed a little too hard on the box
crushing both of my fingers in between a
very heavy box and the like the door the
corner of the doorframe like where the
door meets the the wedge yeah so I have
bleeding knuckles I have bruised
knuckles I can move them so I don't
think they're broken but like it hurts
to pick up stuff I think I know you you
just had to go unlock the door yeah and
you howled in pain I had to go unlock
the door for you
what does this mean for your bloodborne
run I know I know you can't you can't do
anything you can't do anything like your
phone not working who's mine whose job
okay now it is about is it's fine
yeah I see it now it's working can you
hear me now can you hear you I'm good
now okay there we go thank you sorry I
must have been I must have been fiddling
with my thing I don't know I don't know
when your mind gets broken jack go off
again
sorry no it says all good working now I
just won't touch my mic again okay I
know I know I streamed this part last
time here's the difference I'm gonna
murder everybody today yay murder I'm
just gonna murder everybody is my plan
to make this different yes do the murder
do the murder everyone run that's way
more fun little protective it's
different yeah
it's less satisfiable well it depends on
what you're going when you get up when
you get a ghost that goes the Ghost Box
checkmark yeah sure I don't know
sometimes I'm in a mood where I just
feel like murdering that's fun I
I will compliment Dishonored I can't
think of any game that has done
first-person melee better you know
then dishonor you at once first-person
melee yeah melee life oh yeah they're um
they're like counter system is very
satisfied yeah yeah yeah high chaos
great great so in any case my fingers
are a little bruised and bloody and I
think I think we need to get a new mouse
pad you know I don't
no I every time I use this this setup
yeah my name feels weird I mean it could
just be the the last time I stream was
bump into view it's not the most was
last time I stream loose yeah I had a
different table going on sure I didn't
use the table to fold shirts just had
that set up sure gaming on that was fine
do you think do you think it would work
better if we had one of those like if we
had like a medical table that we could
you know put in front of us one of those
like I don't know with the retractable
arms that would be like I don't know
maybe it might be worth trying and you
could game on that or we could buy a new
mouse pad this is very bad we're at the
breaking point
cowards they're going to blockade us
they'll wait to see if the plague turns
the city into a graveyard
jumpin Emily I can't your nice makes
nice Jack I do have I have my why am i
cold Lacroix hear that I've been holding
in my fingers and that feels really nice
wait are you can are you trying to
assassinate your own Empress oh you
can't oh you can oh you can't kill yeah
oh it would be so great if the game went
on as normal
only this time you're not falsely
accused oh is that that would be so
great the story is you're falsely
accused of killing yes can you save her
no okay which one is detective Pikachu
rich just shot detective Pikachu that
was the problem what I mean this game
allows so much I wouldn't be shocked if
they did that I was kind of sad they
didn't yeah
hitting spawn the other guy didn't spawn
oh no just waiting for him not really
sure if this matters but the game volume
is much lower than the stream volume
yeah usually we turn the game volume
down so you know we can talk oh that's
your wife
not really isn't that the Biddy from the
dishonor to the girl was the Biddy from
dishonor - that's why I said isn't that
your daughter yes but you're not married
to the Empress it's not even explicitly
stated that she's your daughter on the
first one it's not her tits so it's all
vague so you can interpret the story how
you want to so it's it's deliberately
ambiguous nice
what did you do with young lady Emily
traitor their own bodyguard ironic I'll
see you beheaded for this cargo what
does he know about medical science the
people use swords they don't know about
things they use swords and mystical
magic he he could have ran and gotten
some leeches to put on the bleeding
Ridge there's some whale oil out of it
so they did with everything in this
series right have some cocaine just just
for some whale oil on it yeah yeah I
have some I have some opium that might
help you I hear opium does wonders brave
voices I just really tried to understand
the appeal of this game you got to try
harder dog this Dishonored
I only have Dishonored 2 to go off of
yeah but it's fucking awesome you like
good a good in depth deep stealth game
stealth sim game that's not like a
puzzle game was just like here's the
world and sneak through it or you want
an action game you kick everyone's ass
with magic powers because it's both of
those things right it's my sprint who's
my favorite rap group wu-tang clan
followed closely by foosh nickens
but everybody knows that Wu Tang Clan
ain't nothing to fuck with so is Jack
intoxicated no no jack is not
intoxicated jack is Jack is coming down
from a murder such a good action game I
know and it's such a good stealth game I
know I know
no Jack Jack was that I was having a bit
of a rough rough time and so I'm coming
down from from from feeling angry little
panic stricken everything's fine now
oh I didn't get him get the key oh
because it was it was murder because it
was a surrounded by blood and entrails
do they still read out tips or is that a
prereq relic yeah yeah there we read
tips I like to try to you know read a
little chat read a little tips credit
make it make it so you know we do a
little bit of everything
we got tips we got jets everything's
here everything's fine everything's
everything's fine in here what's the
lore of dishonored why are they using
swords and stuff rich and fancy role
yeah swords and guns and magic boom guns
and stuff were relatively new to this
world presumably sure sucking oh you
brought it back you scold them you did
it steal all the shit deal it all oh I
like that cinnamon says steampunk
Victorian yeah that's very that's a nice
way to put it and cinnamon I have not
played the first dishonored I really
enjoyed this honour too though
sorry to dishonor one's good eye I'm
looking at it it's looking good nope you
can no you can duck under a sword swing
oh is that what you did poorly well
that's what it looked like it looked
like you did it poorly maybe because I
did it poorly yep well there you go
well there you go let's see what we got
here Billy guest CID - said I'm
Australian
so I never catch a live stream but today
I'm home sick from work so live prereq
keep doing what you're doing boys i
deeply love you both eggs
o x o rich what the question for you
yeah xoxo yeah hugs and kisses yeah
which ones hugs good ones pieces I feel
like this is a hotly debated topic I
don't mean to get controversial no
politics please but in my heart of heart
I think the O is the hug and the X is
the kiss but it's probably the other way
around the X like crossed arms and the
oh it feels feel the feels is that the X
is the kiss the X is the kiss and the O
is the hug cuz it's like a you like
you're surrounded right you know it's
fine doesn't really it doesn't you know
it's completely irrelevant it's
completely fucking unimportant why you
asking about this shit I just thought
that might lead to a funny conversation
brats Oh rats
I love the rats in this game
x equals cross oh wait cross hug oh he
goes open mouth kiss kind of oh yeah
let's see a CT T 1 4 8 says hey you guys
Jack
I was wondering have you heard a
cannibal Oh X's iron galaxy
I have not I'm sorry it was produced by
LP of run the jewels and it's friggin
fantastic definitely for fans of ASAP
Aesop Rock that is feel better go
shirtless blood-borne I will I'll look
into that
I I do like lp's production quality half
of a hip hop duo that I like and rich we
are using this archaic setup what's
wrong with WASD and the keys surrounding
it that was it I guess I'm doing it
wrong you guys because this is far more
convenient than a giant fucking keyboard
on my lap mmm that is just a number pad
and a mouse with buttons you did it rich
I don't have I don't have to have this
thing was sliding around
yeah yeah you did it Oh
Oh except for now you're broke now I'm
glitched I'm stuck in here wait what the
fuck what happened
can you crouch I'm glitch can you like
crouch and jump out maybe like it's so
weird
no oh you can't I can't even I can't
even turn all the way around oh my god
do you really Bork to yourself Wow
alright that's a fun glitch I had never
seen that before
there you go
rich fixed it wait it's mine oh did you
Bork yourself because you did the
keyboard gag oh wait what is it you know
is it numb luck oh yeah my num lock num
lock I didn't explain why I couldn't
turn around yeah
can you turn around now yeah no it was
nothing like it's not like no num lock
cut classic num lock
yeah you're welcome helper Oni you're
welcome
num lock strikes again that's right
that's right
whoa it's a blood lock num lock that's
the worst kind of num lock the blood
lock no block block
wrongly accused of murder
I tried to make it rightly why didn't
they let that be a thing some wines you
know I guess the UH narrative Lee they
just couldn't they couldn't cross
without it affecting more story line
down that's all about giving you freedom
but I think I think they just missed the
boat there they thought there is no one
who would ever actually want to kill the
Empress
someday there'll be 1080p streams is
that necessary do you need us in 1080p
we could try it I don't know if it's
necessary you know we only stream in 720
yeah that's fine because I think it
makes it an easier stream for people
Oh tricks or tricks or like haha you're
dead yep gotcha check it out
one ATP is enough I basically only need
the audio I think that's what that's the
majority of our viewers are people who
like only listen to us what do they do
it down if if sorry if corporal kills
him we change dubs dialogue so he he
talks about taking the money anyway even
though he didn't do the deed or you give
him the money right well you know
although Kildare but it's like you do
that's some it's solved someone's gonna
have to answer for this heinous
aggression against player agency and
dishonored and I'm pretty sure that
would be an instant game over sure I
need some Jack he takes me to places I
go okay I guess you see the we probably
didn't see a highlight from the solo I
did in this I I thought I had him asleep
darts out I have my regular doubt starts
out I killed someone like wait that
wasn't a sleep darts uh-huh that's great
little moment I'm really happy
accidental murder yeah like being all
stealthy oh I'm gonna knock him out no
you would all says at least record in
1080 so the YouTube videos can be 1080
we actually don't record any of our
videos it would all we
twitch has kind of a built-in editor
that we can take our videos cut them up
and send them directly to YouTube we do
not record our videos they are only up
on twitch and YouTube what accent was
rich doing a poop again P I that was
actually a cross between the Macho Man
Randy Savage and Jackie Gleason from
Smokey and the Bandit a little bit
smokey sure a little bit Macho Man I
could see that I could see that poop
again Oh
ever gonna love poop again for everybody
everybody who is confused is this the
second time I met Jack ever he wanted me
to start a thing he was filming me yeah
a series of short was called pooping in
the pie and I was the BBC sheriff who
didn't like detective Cooper Gannon you
you were you were the hardened the
hard-nosed sheriff who who wanted to you
know do things by the book and poop
again the the detective always was
getting in your way and you know like I
had seen rich act in in things and then
Mike and Jays yeah yeah and I had
assumed and this speaks well to Rich's
character I had assumed that rich you
know cuz we were still relatively we
hadn't right I didn't know you for Adam
I think I had literally only met you on
the set of food on Thursday pub yeah the
only time it that's probably so we
hadn't had much interaction and so I
assumed you lived up here no no you
lived in the general Milwaukee area so
as I hate rich I'm making a thing I want
you to act in my thing and you know just
thinking it would be nice and easy and
loose little did I know you had to come
up from Chicago to act and poop again
yeah and the being poop again let me
thank you thank you that's commitment to
your craft I can't remember around like
like between shots or when were when we
were shooting that I was talking to Mike
about the deflated review for Phantom
Menace Oh
sleep darts not this time
did I pay him did I pay you to be in
poop again no I don't think you did did
you
I don't know if I paid anyone gets for
poop again PA your life will get even
more which is why like and I didn't find
out so like months later I did not find
out like it's it's not like I found out
day of shooting but no I like I just
assumed he was local and it was it was
one of those hey everybody I'm making a
dumb thing who wants to be in a dumb
thing and so I just assumed you know
I'll rich is an actor he's been in dumb
things done thing it's fine I got to
come visit Michael che yeah Jaco so many
people mining no it's never on the table
my good friend Tammy Higgins it's poop
again
yes rich gets a sense of pride and
accomplishment and and you know that was
what he call it exposure
I gave rich so much exposure
that's right and poop again that's right
beefcake if you want to be really
freaked out and have never seen me
before best of the worst you can see me
and poop again with a long hair and a
giant beard I have I mean I'm still is
still going up front but I hear that
you're the villain I was the evil mayor
spoiler alert I don't need to assign the
heart to a hotkeys I have no heart
as far as why I'm murdering everybody
because I'm just kind of goofing around
with Jack while we're talking and it
just seems like a better play through to
murder everybody rather than I'll pay
attention well don't get caught right
this will make it easier for ya hop in
and out of conversations oh that's right
low score Oh in Episode one or episode
two of the best of the worst which is my
first episode you can see the the the
midway evolution Jack with the ring hair
that's that was the second tier
okay let's see what we got here valiant
blood shot says Jack tomorrow I shave my
head for the first time to become
commander blood shot for awesome comm
this weekend
any advice for shaving for the first
time I'll go slowly go very slowly and
not come back it'd be prepared for it
not to grow back and no actually shaving
your head is significantly easier than
shaving your face there's there's a lot
less nooks and crannies for razors to
get caught in so no it's easy good luck
have fun have fun cosplaying at
WonderCon
steaming mountain says is someone who's
about to start their final haircut after
being in balding denial how much is too
much crying in the barber shop I think
they understand barbers understand
that's true one time one time cutting
your hair will be the last time is there
anything wrong with having a rug if
you're open about it being a rug no I'm
gonna say no oh God I'd consider it a
rug
I consider it huh cuz I don't think I
can pull up ball especially now when
you're rocking the ball right that's too
weird sure that's too weird the the the
the weird thing for our purpose for like
those of us around you is like you know
you're kind of thinning and then all of
a sudden yeah you have you know glorious
head right right so like yeah it'll be
very obvious I wouldn't be trying to
hide anything now tonight right had he's
protected by his overseers you know I I
think for me it's one of those you just
gotta let nature take its course but
it's not that's not a decision I would
make but hey if that's how you feel
comfortable rich you you do you nature
take its course like a ring around the
head the ring around the head yeah like
what why don't why don't you do that if
it's so fun this is a style oh oh god no
this is a this is a hairstyle that I'm
rocking once you once you start adding
you know once you start adding false
stuff to it that's when it gets that's
when I don't necessarily agree with
those choices but hey you're free to
make them
this is a hairstyle shaving your head is
a style just because I'm also bald you
know how you look I can't stand my hair
I can't stand the way I look I said to
me I think the the problem would be it
would almost be even if you're not
trying to hide it it would almost be
distracting right to people watching
where where that would be the only
talking point not you know the content
of the video is looking Rich's at least
for the first video look at rich is to
pay and and so that would be a problem
as they would just be distracting I
dived out I'm going to do those are just
thought to be an interesting talking
point no no I almost choked about yes in
the throat
he says to bring a bottle I bring a
bottle innocents ass fuck it
yeah murder everyone this how you played
this 'hunter to like everyone everyone
na na boom we just sprinting around
full-on murder spree not my first run
through my first run through I I was
just murdering bad guys okay but I would
murder all the bad guys like anyone who
was against me was a bad guy not murder
them I did play a run through after that
way or it was murder everyone I could
get my hands on yes
anyone who I am able to murder I'm going
to
here anonymous says xoxo made me think
of make made me think of this master of
none seen aziz XOXO means go fuck
yourself
please john benjamin if that's true then
all the letters I used that sentence
makes sense and I was not sure that
sentence makes sense I'm sorry dr. Luba
DUP says thought experiment what if the
DeLorean had traveled one second into
the future related thought experiment
what if the DeLorean traveled one second
well one second the future would be fine
but if it traveled one second into the
past they would crash into itself right
yeah but if it traveled one second into
the future then it would be far enough
of far enough ahead of itself oh wait 88
miles per hour
what is that in feet per second that's
just got beheaded what that is no what's
88 miles per hour in feet per second you
might be safe you're probably gonna be
safely to 88 miles probably 1 1088 zero
well what I'm saying is what if what if
it's a lot it would look like you just
blinked and moved a bit not if you're
going into the pass and look what you've
done up on yourself
it's a hundred and twenty nine feet per
second so no you would still crash into
yourself huh so if you were going 88
miles per hour and travel to one second
into the future you would still crash
into yourself because that's not that's
not far enough the you and the future is
still moving at 88 miles per hour yeah
but it's you just need to be a full car
length ahead you just need a full car
length ahead right but you travel to the
same spot right like the car the car
here is here and then there's a there's
like a wall that it travels through and
now it's in the few and now like you
know the front is in the past the back
is in the path unless the whole car
travels at once or does the nose travel
first and then the middle and then the
end you know what I'm saying I don't
know I don't know man it uh the the
question with the the DeLorean thought
experiment is whether or not the entire
vehicle moves simultaneously or if it's
like it it passes a line because if it
passes a line it crashes into itself but
if the entire car moves then you could
travel into the future fine but if you
travel them to the past you'd still
crashing news
these are important physical details
that the film never dressed right what
I'm just seeing what people say about
this oh wait actually probably should do
some missions just so I can get some
rooms oh yeah that's gonna speed through
when I want some ruins and we need the
fun powers oh yeah yeah yeah you did it
I need to be able to summon a swarm of
rats at will
yes yes you do sir argon noble gases hey
there I just released a new mobile game
fat slice - it's free who fucks as your
free advertising well no your
advertising that you paid a tip for here
are some codes for the level pack well
thanks sir argon noble gas what's fat
slice but play your game and make fun of
it on stream how do you feel about that
plug my phone into an HDMI and we'll
play it live on streaming that was dumb
I need her alive so I can do the
missions Oh
also it's not free by the way nevermind
fat slice twos free nap flat fat slice
one is not a bad mobile game stream
would be fun I do kind of want to like
show you guys what what mobile player
unknowns battlefront looks like it's a
bit of a hot mess the iOS version of
player unknowns battle for battleground
or bet front yeah you know bit of a hot
mess but it's kind of funny a lot of
bots oh so you know that's why huh why
bots this is not popular if it might not
should be popular enough they might want
to be easier to kill one name oh god
they're so easy to kill that's why
they're there they might want to boost
player confidence a little bit playing
with the fucking awkward fucking mobile
controls oh it's tough it's why would
you bother why would you bother it's
free and I wanted to check it out
you can you can hit yourself in the head
with a rock for free you want to do it
one of this is free just wanted to check
it out I just want to see what hitting
my heads in my head and where the rock
would feel like you know now I checked
it out
be careful core though but you're on
your way to face the hot
I told you the knives go on I'm getting
there Dylan sell them hi German brothers
okay what voice part do you sing what do
you mean are you talking about
let's cut up
I'm wondering if mobile puppies actually
a thing or if jack is going mad it is
mobile pub G and mobile fortnight are
both a real thing
I've played both of them just like I
said you're not deaf
I said more out of curiosity than
anything else and it's tough but you
know is you know and you're on your
iPhone you shoot some people it's
interesting they are actually a thing my
granny has a birthday present for you
how does fortnight make money how does
fortnight make money loot boxes
they got loot boxes they have in in-game
purchases it is a free game even you
know on on consoles on PC it's a free
game but they got they got boxes they
got a they have in in game purchases you
can buy like you know elite packages and
not knob all sorts all sorts of stuff
that's how all free games make money
yeah kinda all right Dylan 94s is rich
yeah would you rather watch an hour of
PewDiePie videos or an hour of Logan
Paul videos the fuck is Logan Paul so
you would rather oh my god he spit fire
at him
I owe you brother don't ask about the
man lick my love it says tipping point
there can be in a horror movie a comic
relief my question is how many jokes can
he make before the genre shifts and
becomes a comedy well at some point you
have poorer comedy which is the thing
that is the thing horror comedy is a
thing but what's the tipping point it's
there's an overall yeah it's it's kind
of vague overall tone would you say
horror comedy is flat-out comedy though
well no it's that's it you know that's
one of the mix Janvrin okay that's one
of them that's one of them specials
hybrid did you call Rocky Horror Picture
Show a horror comedy or just a comedy
there's a gradient rise a gradient scale
we're dealing with Rocky Horror is same
or a comedy as compared to you know army
of Darkness which is going for you know
stylized with comedic elements
dr. Gallo Viennese office using my
psychic powers to open a safe my psychic
powers do you mean you've played this
before they don't change the
combinations some of them they do
wait is space cop a horror comedy or
just a horrible comedy I get it that's a
good joke I only said it cuz it's a good
joke sorry what about an n64 stream
we'll get there
we have Diddy we have an n64 so you say
so you say it's all it's all it's all
possible just not necessarily today cuz
I got some broken fingers you can't I
don't want a Diddy with fucked up
fingers you know I saw Mikey
another key you need different keys so
many keys what Jack did to his fingers
they got smashed I was moving some heavy
stuff right before I came and they got
smashed and they're bloody and bruised
and did they hurt
blow track sir I think if I was sparring
with Len Kappa sinski I would have
significantly more broken things yeah
even if he was going easy on me on in a
sparring situation
great I love the stealth kills they're
very satisfied very satisfied Jack tried
to escape to another best of the worst
episode I did I and and J broke my
fingers that's what happened you're not
in these get back to your streams no
okay sorry playing detective Pikachu
right we could be rich in a different
world in a different timeline in an
alternate universe
we're playing detective Pikachu right
now so what what the fuck is Pikachu is
a Pikachu or a detective Pikachu is it
my ease a mouse type Pokemon with
electric flowers he's a pocket monster
he's a monster that can fit in your
pocket and he's a mouse type Pokemon cuz
he's cute like a mouse but he's got
electric powers you know you can tell
cuz he's got lightning with all red
tails he stores up his electricity's and
those red things in his cheeks and then
he says Pikachu and the lightning bolt
comes out but detective Pikachu actually
has like a gruff voice because they
always have some crimes or some shit
like detective Pikachu it isn't the cute
and lovable Pikachu from the Pokemon
cartoon it's a different picture
spitting fire yeah showing these guys
will be hard do it got a kill kill kill
kill murder murder murder
it's a Danny DeVito Pikachu yes that's
what it looks to be lip that works nice
nicely done
if you could take it off his dead body
but that's not as fun no it's not it's
not as fun you gotta you gonna pick his
pocket and then murder just to rub it in
yes yeah I agree
at what point does the moral
justification for Pokemon battles get
really dark immediately yeah I don't
know why you think there's a delay it's
it's they don't Pokemon don't need to be
sentient like they don't need to speak
English like we dog fights aren't
morally okay like what
wasn't in football player like that
dickhead Michael Vick Mike like Michael
Vick did this with dogs yeah and he went
to jail yeah like people found out he
went to jail yes yeah there wasn't a
number of dogs before it became not okay
right and if he just went to jail it's
not like there's a lovable detective dog
out there speaking English immediately
they try to they try to acknowledge this
in the games by saying like Pokemon
enjoy battling and no no Pokemon any
ever actually dies from battling
battling they just pass out you know
they have free Pokemon health care to
like cover up for it that's why all
Pokemon centers are free until I cover
up for the fact that they're brutally
destroying each other
you guys are naming fictional dogs that
talk we're talking about real-life dogs
and people going to jail in real life
right that's that's the difference I
know McGruff the Crime Dog and
scooby-doo talk but we're talking about
actual dogs
he was quick Anya but to be fair I see
some people bringing this up here's
here's the other side of that coin rich
yeah so you know like it I think it is
absolutely immoral to battle Pokemon if
they were real life creatures but we are
also talking about creatures that can
can control the elements and kill you
rather easily so I do think you know
they're they should be hunted we're in
danger okay some of these Pokemon are
really dangerous what you do
apparently that that just triggers when
it's near him it doesn't need motion I
assumed it needed motion the mine oh it
was a mine yeah gotcha
yeah PAH
it's it's very possible that you know in
a real world Pokemon situation Pokemon
would wipe out all of them real a real
world Pokemon situation it's very
possible that they would wipe out all
human life on earth because of their
powers and and so the people of the
Pokemon world fight them in battle in
order just to you know keep their
numbers down I like that best seems to
make sense
no ok it just he just motion is not
required he just assumed he would need
to move before the mind went off no
that's right in I think it was in
Pokemon black and white the main villain
the person you're fighting in pokemon
black and white wants to stop all
Pokemon battles because we're being
brutal to Pokemon and you as the hero
need to defeat this guy so everyone can
keep battling with Pokemon that's that's
great that's great just throwing shit
where are
shawne's
Simona says the problem I have is that
the DeLorean only moved in time not in
space
every time they moved in time the
DeLorean kept going in a straight line
isn't that a time-travel thing in
general which is if you're traveling to
to the earth and a different time it
would be in a different spatial location
maybe you're still affected by gravity
and the motion carries you with nothing
that doesn't make any sense either
because yeah I don't because the earth
would just be in a different place in
the solar yes yeah so really if I
thought about that before but whatever
how about fuckheads
how about their fun movies their
favorite friend boys no I'm paying a big
w dumbbells
you you're being a dumb man baguette
dummy dumb dumb oh okay yes we need
something that can traveled within time
and relative dimension in space that's
right that's exactly what we need we
need like something that can you like
like a like a TARDIS when do we when
does new doctor who start crimes I keep
looking out for it and I don't think
it's started yet when it's new doctor
later on
Oh slow down power yeah you are gonna go
Oh next step nice very nice yeah when
does a a Jigglypuff no democracy didn't
fail again I hurt my fingers severely
and so rich needed to play and he didn't
feel like playing detective Pikachu
it starts in October thank you new
doctor who starts in October that's what
I was looking for
what what
opinion on last season I didn't watch it
I I stopped watching a while ago a few
years ago after God when Matt Smith was
still the doctor I stopped watching
because I hated Clara and I hated the
direction the writing was going and I
thought it was really lame so I stopped
watching I do hear good things about Tom
Baker in general but I was gone and now
and now that they're getting a new
showrunner maybe it won't be such a shit
first thing these guys do always the
fire had a brutal the brutal
dr. smoke trees that's why I stopped
watching to Moffit I did not like Moffit
being showrunner but they got a new
showrunner now the same the same group
that was a show running broadchurch
which was a show I rather enjoy so I'm
looking forward to it I'm looking
forward to
so he goes not to the abbey or the
office of hi Orson nicely done
whoa broadchurch is fucking great
browning I'm Sam that's a that's a
classy detective show right there
class act good deal with it deal with it
you've been live for just over an hour
by this point in your broadcast you
should have consumed at least four
ounces of water to maintain optimum
hydration says stay hydrated bot okay
thank you stay hydrated bot I appreciate
that I have drank 12 ounces of water
since we've started hold on Jack hold on
Jack Jack I have to poison the elixir
still so that all of the bad guys in the
space die what I have to poison the
elixir still so I can kill all of the
ruffians in the warehouse is that a
thing that you really do yeah that's
great
Jack they're already dead oh the mission
was to poison the still to kill everyone
by the way you do that and then also
poison some of the people I sell it
through
world someone shooting it they set off a
booby trap was I forgot about it
apparently the state hydrated bot is a
real thing and I I'm gonna get another
water right now cuz I just finished my
one water
so thanks stay hydrated
oh I miss something kill them all
give all the rats fucking rats yeah
fucking rates Jack when will when will
we see a review of Waterworld I don't
know if anyone else cares about it as
much as I do
only me you just Wiley coyote death he
saw that's great that was great
you know that was great so noble kinsman
says hey remember that stream when Jack
played a cleaning game for three hours
and I nearly unsubbed that was the worst
thing ever
do you guys know I I have now played a
few more hours of viscera cleaning
service on my own yeah because I loved
it so hard and I'm gonna talk to rich
about playing it while I'm on vacation
next week so we can do a full episode
Ahmed it's kind of old
yeah it is and I kind of I don't know
what the point of doing an episode on us
I just want to talk about okay my what
my concept would be and I've been trying
I've been trying to formulate enough
talking points about it because it's
obviously not very new my insight would
have to play viscera cleaning it means
you would have to play viscera cleaning
service at least yeah
least one level of viscera cleaning
service yes here's here's my here's my
pitch for you yeah which is it
encompasses everything good about
intuitive gameplay design in one
non-intrusive intuitive gameplay design
all within one room and I think that's
really fascinating I know you're here
it's it's able to give you so much
player agency all right all right and
not force you into corners you get to
choose how you do things but there's a
certain order in which you have to do
them in order to be efficient
it lets you choose when you've completed
the level there's there there's a lot of
like player choice in this silly silly
game that I think it's it might be worth
talking about fascinating for just Jack
yes for just me okay disappoint me now I
can stroll along the waterfront and
peace my my comparison wj1 one two is
that it would be very it's it's very
similar I'd put it right up there with
stardew valley if you really want to do
it alright I'd like to hey this game
that's kind of a coping everybody
already knows about were five years
often just for thirty five years late to
the party you know he's three years late
to the party I don't you know like I
heard the name but I don't think many
people have actually like disgusted that
stream was super Zen I i I've read I've
really dug it I've played a couple
levels now and I just think it's neat
I think it's super neat all right now
everyone is dead
yay you did it sonic on Genesis was old
enough to be a classic
yeah that's revisiting a classic three
years old that's not a classic no that's
just late to the party well yes
but it's interesting it's interesting
shut up there is I think it speaks to
Jack's OCD I know I'm not I'm not super
about really OCD yeah I like I do like
things to do particular book but I did
spy the face of one so sorting Legos was
more interesting
I I liked it turned back on you jackass
I guess I won't look in that space where
someone could clearly be crawling in are
you just ducking behind me so just by a
thousand could all nice decapitation
that's the thing Pizza Pizza Padma says
I agree about the player agency it's
like a minima minimalist breath of the
wild it says here's a bucket and mop now
figure it out and yes I agree I agree
sometimes on downstream days I wonder
how Jack's cat is doing biscuit is fine
he knows that it's spring time and so he
would really like for the window to be
open so he can you know smell the
outside but it's been just a little too
cold for that and he gets very upset at
me while I'm at home and the window is
right there closed and so he's been
complaining a lot he's been meowing
quite a bit and really upset at me for
not opening the windows more that's how
biscuit is doing he is he's too pretty
to go outside he would not know what to
do with himself outside we have been
talking about getting a they have those
like pop up what they call catty O's
it's basically like a clear tent okay
for your cat it's like a little screen
enclosure for your cat to go outside to
hang out outside okay okay I think that
might cross a line for us with regular
cat people the crazy cat people I'm not
sure I'm comfortable across from that
line the cat tent is the line I you know
there's several lines that's one of the
lines
what's my favorite worst memory of
biscuit overall biscuits a very good cat
I've had cats before that were just like
that would constantly throw up this gets
pretty good he doesn't throw up very
often he gets crazy sometimes and he's a
very vocal cat and so sometimes randomly
at like 3:00 in the morning
okay so here's here's a fun quick
biscuit fact he likes to tell us when he
poops alyou after he uses his litter box
which was in the basement he will sit at
the bottom of the basement stairs and to
scream at us for a solid five minutes
and then he'll come up and everything
will be fine he just wants to let us
know that he pulled I get spotted but
you drop down no I didn't he saw me
before I dropped down oh did he
oh I don't know I'm sorry I wasn't
paying attention so so he likes to tell
us when he pooped was I was I not in
stealth and I didn't notice Oh were you
not crouching this that's silly
that's silly I don't know how I feel
about that that might might it's the
only thing that makes any kind of sense
or if like one of the areas had more
light in it I guess I know that's
something you complained about with
dishonor to is you don't have the
stealth meter so yeah you don't know
when you're invisible or not right
what fell out of me that could be but so
every once in a while he'll do that at
like 2:00 in the morning when everyone's
sleeping all of a sudden he'll just
scream because he pooped for a few
minutes and you know sometimes like
sometimes there's anything about this
sounds poor sometimes it's cute - god is
good just boom I think he's talking
about cat shit you know I think he just
wants you you're describing it as cute
I'm talking about my cat screaming after
he shit yes and you're saying that's
cute it can be cute you can be cute are
you staring and telling at something
what's over there man
what's got your attention
a knife just that I thought I saw a
specter of my own death over there but
apparently was on neither said what I
what I really think it is is I really
think that biscuit wants a clean litter
box and so after he uses his litter box
he goes someone cleans this now so
that's probably the thing that annoys me
most about biscuit Oh Matt he's alright
he's a good girl I've had significantly
worse cats
I think your only solution is that you
should start screaming after you go to
the bathroom no because that just
encourages the behavior can't people man
what are you a night rich Evans I have
not seen the terror I'm sorry you know
what I did watch though I watched oh oh
oh like it just looked like you fell off
the map I did watch the first episode of
berry which is the new the new dark
comedy by Bill Hader uh-huh he uh he
plays a metal gear hater
Bill Hader from SNL right around the
right around a lot of things that he
writes a lot David David Hayter no this
is Bill Hader I used to be on SNL writes
a lot of Rosa right around South Park so
it's like it's a half hour dark comedy
where he is a hitman who kind of
accidentally joins an acting class and
discovers that acting might be a passion
of his and so he has to balance being a
hitman and and an aspiring actor in Los
Angeles and so far it's pretty fun only
one episode Wow pretty fun Barry with
Bill Hader that's right
it's it's pretty good it's a Bill Hader
and oh god what is his name Steven root
the actor he plays the where's my
stapler guy in office space okay was on
radio oh god what was that show called
do you want to see me kill Campbell
without killing Campbell yes yes it's
Steven earth great alright okay so
there's a guy there's an optional side
mission this guy you got to assassinate
and then there's another guy it's an
optional side mission you have to save
the guy do we have to assassinate it's
trying to kill this other guy in the
city watch because he's not corruptable
okay he's too honest so first he tries
to poison his wine okay so I just I just
build both of the glasses right knowing
these facts I am going to kill Campbell
without killing Campbell okay so the
wine was poisoned
the wine was poison I just filled the
glasses and we just the he was trying to
kill the other guy okay let's watch you
keep time just forget to take him awhile
before they get to with anybody okay
so yes Steven root is in it bill hader
fun dark comedy has a premise and it's
Newsradio Steven rout was on Newsradio
Trump the game audio thank you
I owe you an apology
captain this is hardly the hospitality I
planned for you well time to do this the
hard way
so his poisoning plot didn't know yeah
so now he's going to plan B okay he's
leading he's leading him to somewhere
alone and I will be following them you
keep talking up there girl walk through
half this fucking building
wait have they separated they're right
there that's all right
I could have just switched the glasses
and poisoned the other guy like I'm
going out of my way to do this and it's
it's wonderful that they even programmed
this into the game that's great because
this game is fucking amazing they give
you they give you some options yes give
you some options gloriously so that's
great
subtitle so it's good I do speaking of
options it's okay if we have the samba
you know Turner Bowl kinsmen I've played
a little bit of pray I got it on sale
and I know everyone's been talking about
pray I played a little bit of it and I
kind of hated it I wanted to play a
couple hours to see if if it was
something we could stream and I kind of
hated it unless it gets significantly
better
it's a Campbell when Campbell is doing
here
he's luring him all the way into
Campbell actually has a little secret
lair say this is statue and the eye on
the statue looks funny oh my god
that's great so he's leading him into
his secret lair what did I hate I
thought it was I thought it was really
boring I have not touched parade this
this is where the opinions of Jack Jack
Jack Packard yes I thought it was really
boring and it seemed to be very on Rails
this happens okay so he's having them
admire his painting a very early
something primal the way the brush works
he pulls out a sword yep
slow time slow time okay there's no time
turn the music off that causes him to
turn around see that he's about to stab
him and now they're gonna Duke it out I
just killed Campbell without killing
Campbell that's amazing that's amazing
no I know just I just turn off the music
which causes him to turn around he sees
him with the sword and kills him himself
how fun that's why I love this game
that's and that is an absolute so like
another option oh by the way I've read
about this if you're going for the the
clean and achievements don't kill
anybody
yeah that doesn't count
yeah but like another option is you can
like switch their wineglass you can
switch their wine glasses he just drinks
the poison he's dead and he's dead or
you could just go down there and kill
him you just go down there and kill them
myself or you could like it he'll the it
doesn't help me at all I could just
poison both of them right mix the
poisons they just let you do that yeah
so there's there's like there's like
eight different ways that you can handle
the situation right however you're
feeling that's that's beautiful when I
found out you could do that oh yeah yes
we do
colossal nimble I do want to play a way
out with rich that that's the coop
puzzle solving game it's supposed to be
really fun yeah really good the only
problem was I didn't want to play it on
stream so soon after release because us
solving any of the puzzles would spoil
the puzzles for you guys so we'll wait
for a little bit in case you wanted to
play it first and then we'll we'll take
a we'll take a stab at it but yeah that
could be a fun stream maybe when I get
back I'm gone for a week by the way
everyone heads up I'm not gonna be here
on Sunday and I'm not gonna be here on
Wednesday I'm out of town so you got you
got rich solos or rich might feel like
taking a break too right I might we'll
see we'll see what's going on see what's
going up yep I'm going I'm going to
Texas my friends
I'm going to Texas

[Part II]
dude's gone up yep I'm going I'm going
to Texas
my friends I'm going to Texas
ooh we're in Texas I think I'm going to
Houston but I might also be Austin I
don't remember actually even though I
bought my plane ticket so long ago I
should look that up one of the city's
nothing right now I'm going back wake up
or crimp I accidentally hit the power
button there you go
I do I go to great lengths for fresh
eggs they're all in Texas now we're just
going with some friends hanging out get
some vacation time in some actual warm
weather take a break from the cold for a
week it's supposed to be cold next week
can't leave without maroon get your room
so what was that probably got spotted
from the ground didn't really care I
don't really care
I'd say try it for another hour and if
you aren't sold then it's not for you
but it's pretty much the opposite of
being on Rails once you get into it
maybe maybe the the the first I want to
say I got at least maybe an hour and a
half into it and that seemed very on
Rails so it does not do a very good job
of selling itself just that blink just
that teleport it's so cool ah whoever
makes this game you're on you're on it
you're alright with me this just reminds
me of my dishonor to run through as good
dance
I'm talking about prey I played a little
bit of prey and I did not much care for
it and YouTube all dead
all right do I have oh oh that's why
we're talking about Prairie Pointe
apparently the same people that made
this honor maple I pray guys talking
about it very interesting
well then I'm then I might have to give
it another shot yes knowing that I
didn't know that that the same companies
made the games was the last thing you
remembered and pray is that I get I
don't usually do high chaos there were
some there some like glitch monster
things and I broke out of my room area
and I was walking around and and do it
was discovered that the room was
actually part of a bigger room there's
very portal s and and then there were
some like mimics there are some monsters
that mimicked other things that's the
last thing I remembered in prank you
throw body at them yeah good what was
that was that a dead body
is it raining dead bodies oh Jesus
Christ
I love it
dog kill the dog kill the dog sorry dog
oh you probably don't you didn't play
first one so you wouldn't know this at
all
no no I haven't played any of the first
one you know anything about the story
right I think I know you know all I know
is is what we learned from the second
one which is you know Corvo was there's
a horrible plague going on okay a
horrible death oh it's just a little
cough I'm fine I feel completely fine
fine
look at you you have the plague you are
trying to conceal it oh this is
different okay others in the order was
that your intent to spread the malady to
us no friend I tell you I am well your
weapons
in low caste he begs them to kill him
because he doesn't really spread the
plague oh it's not entirely different
interesting without spreading his
illness
oh that's really funny that's great what
just let the murder well oh I mean the
murder is great obviously but no like
just because you're playing it as a
villain other characters act more
villainously that's really mean
and I'm sure you could have jumped in
there and murdered him and maybe those
guys would have said thank you I wonder
it probably they'd probably still try to
kill you they are overseers you know
like hey thanks for killing him can you
dispose of the body in a way that won't
spread the plague you know who knows
that might start I'll open a whole new
story line you don't know what's up fire
many dogs oh there's another dog
another game by arcane called Dark
Messiah of Might and Magic if you like
so-called emergent gameplay like
Dishonored give it a shot as well yeah
these do these cats are alright I'll
tell you what I'll work that up hook
that up and put that in my notes put
that in my notes of stuff that I want to
look up was it called Dark Messiah Dark
Messiah magic okay I got it in my
googles now thanks okay I'm here yep
kreso vien seven says dishonored is one
of my favorite franchises wish the
Dishonored 2 pc port had a better
release kill all the man's and go fuck
yourself
we had daddy's computer I don't remember
the PC version of just done too big that
bad I I also have a decent computer and
I didn't have any problems with the PC
version I'm sorry that you did I enjoyed
it I'm Jordan I play through lick my
love bit says what do you think about
this people want new media when they
want to forget their pasts a glut of
sci-fi movies after the dark days of the
1940s and want old when they are afraid
of their futures
so like people were living in post
Depression era and they wanted to think
of a better future you know what I think
actually I think there are more
dystopian or at least speaking me
personally yeah I can handle like bleak
dystopian futures when things are pretty
running smoothly in real life I have a
hard time with dystopian futures if if
I'm feeling down about the current like
like I expect the world to burn I just
what I'm saying is I can't enjoy the
media like Oh expert there to be crying
oh but you're happy oh no like a like
Lisa keeps pushing me to read The
Handmaid's Tale or it's a watch to The
Handmaid's Tale show yeah and you know
that's like very bleak dystopian future
and I said you know I just know I'm not
emotionally ready for that at this
moment in time it's just gotta give me a
little bit we have to give me a little
hoard give me a little hope in the real
life and then maybe we can be you know
we can watch it
anyone notice how a lot of Japanese
works have a very positive outlook of
the post-apocalypse while western games
generally have a negative outlook well
to be fair
Japan kind of underwent an apocalypse
and they came out okay eventually you
know that's a really good point rich
they kind of they kind of went through a
big fan sounds like I'm being a snarky
jackass but hey it is I honestly think
that's the thing yeah yeah yeah they
went through a whole batch I say they
went through we bombed them to a whole
rough patch to be through this started
it was war knows war this is war
I'm not saying we're the bad guys I'm I
just don't wanna I don't want to
downplay our involvement it was war
absolutely
yeah
will there be more black spine best of
the worst I don't think I'll be involved
nobody would blame you oh you know I was
really hesitant on wheel for my first
couple of episodes you know but we hit
that we did hit that uh SOS I was like
alright yeah I get it I get it there
could be some goals in here at Martin
Luther joining us shortly but with all
the amount with all the randomization
that we're doing were it's just like you
know let's just do a couple men at once
how about that it was two cities the
trains didn't even stop okay
just-just-just tomorrow Cincinnati and
Houston blow up how do you feel do you
feel secure wherever you are
britches just two cities just two cities
I can't can you believe some people
this is worst black spine edition Jay
asked me recently he was trying to
schedule a best of the worst and you
said no black spine and well I that was
my first question was is this a black
spineless episode and he said no no it's
not a flex man so said okay he was when
I'm available
if he would have said there is a but it
is a black spine episode I would have
said you can count me out I need a break
yeah I want to I want to just watch some
movies like just some movies man
sometimes we don't sometimes we don't
need a gimmick sometimes we can just
watch some movies probably the bravest
man I've ever met
overseer Martin has arrived bless Mike
with his black spider yeah I by the way
I don't want to seem fair slack's fine
ideal was a horrible disaster in the
best we had to start watching partners
the only reason in that episode is
salvageable of Don beverage hell yeah
that's not a full episode that's not a
phone no no only because we we decided
to finally bust out of the vault
partners and partners will now forever
be diluted with the black spine it was
fine you know it was fine and well I
know it Mike should be applauded for
trying to you know keep things fresh
he's looking for new angles but I feel
like black spine was a little too far
yeah he went too far in a few places why
are these dishonored characters caveman
because they're not going for a
realistic look sorry it's not
photorealistic it's actually really neat
look they yeah water color world yeah
it's an interesting style
the whole thing and it's it's just
realistic enough to be kind of creepy
we're even like even the people who
you're supposed to like be okay with a
little weird like a slackjaw might have
some ideas on how can you get inside the
cat if you don't kill you are you dead
or dishonored cheering no dishonor to
you can either play as Corvo again or or
the the new Empress corvo's daughter
officially didn't make it official I
think either was even like isn't she
like a daughter to you or you know I got
your ward I don't remember it was awhile
since we've played it but but I like the
party level I think I've found too easy
a solution my first time through a
magnet that's it Oh
what are you gonna do are you gonna push
him into the water
may have been a mistake
she's definitely your daughter I think
she is definitely corvo's daughter but I
I can't remember whether or not they
make that official in-game or whether
it's just like everyone kind of knows
that but it's implied I assumed you've
got the same powers whether you were
Corvo or I assumed I guess I just
assumed they were the same
what's the DVD version of black spine I
don't think we could do a DVD version of
black spine it would have to be like
discs where the labels were missing and
that's very unlikely I'm marveling the
this first time I've played hi Kai yes
yeah okay the little differences okay
like what like the wanted poster here
it's not the scary mask it's just that
you're the norm the normal face without
the mask who why did for killing the
Empress oh now we're scary masks wanted
for killing Campbell and I've never seen
this in a load Kaos play I could have
just missed it
stalker I believe we are stalker in the
night of course yes and they're not
worried about Corvo killing the Empress
they're worried about the masked
vigilante killer no interesting yeah
that's nice nice little touches No
they were not gentlemen another night
yeah this game does uh does a lot well
knowing that this team made pray will
will make me give pray another chance
nothing good let's see H bear that says
hey physicist here you nerds meant me
about the DeLorean problem rich
basically had it right so long as you go
back in time more than one car length
about point eleven seconds and don't
slow down you know one this is rich yeah
you have said in the past that you don't
like first-person melee but how do you
love this I've said actually said
earlier if this gets it right also if
you want to try game that does it well I
would recommend Dead Island Dead Island
fun combat okay I think it tried a
little bit on this again house on began
can be tough another game that's got
that that wonderful I know I know what's
the game Dead Island and wonderful
cinematic trailer of the the the girl
gets turned into a zombie and thrown out
a window on the trailer plays in Reverse
that's the haunting music and then you
play the game you're just kind of like
drug-dealing jackass running around
killing zombies I just remember the
trailer the contrast of the trailer the
sweet sentimental and then like the
character in the game what you played
the game which is kind of like a douche
bag usually I make a douche bag yeah
that's great at like the rave when the
zombie apocalypse hit you were on so
many drugs the zombie didn't want to
bite you yeah yeah daddy by the way
that's that's a great zombie movie your
hero is just someone who's so drugged up
that the zombies can't bite them can't
yeah I'm making up this premise I okay
so you do a certain drug and and it
changes your body chemistry so zombies
can't don't notice you or find you
unappetizing
or you oh you're just so disgusting at
the shuffle that they just think you're
a zombie right right right
mistaken for a zombie while high right
and so our protagonist of this movie has
to be high constantly and make it
through like a zombie apocalypse get to
safety while high that's a that's a
decent stoner comedy let me call let me
call uh oh god what's his name right
Saul the stoner comedies he laughs like
that that Albert not hey hey hey he's in
pineapple express James Franco and Seth
Rogen pizza train wins set throat we'll
call James Franco and Seth Rogen and
they can we can make a stoner zombie
apocalypse movie
but what would it be called it would be
called it would be called deadhead
that's good that's good it would be
called deadhead my friends for those who
don't know a Deadhead is someone who's
about fan of a band Grateful Dead a lot
of people got high during their concerts
brain dead that could work to best title
is brain dead a maybe maybe brain-dead
rats
brain-dead has been done Oh was it was
brain dead the alternate title - Dead
Alive yeah there we go here in the
states we got dead alive I think other
other countries it was called brain dead
home country it was called brain dead
well maybe in the UK do hear it was dead
alive the goriest movie ever made
I got to rewatch that one of these days
I never remembered I remember really
liking I just remember the end with the
lawnmower
well yeah and it's the giant mother
zombie that sucks him back up into her
stomach
no that didn't work no you're the gutter
now rich I'm sorry recently finished the
Lord of the Rings trilogy a fantastic
film what's your favorite of the trilogy
they all they're one mediocre blur oh
I'm sorry no their grades their grammar
I think I like two two towers the best
we're gonna fight some things over here
no we're good fight some things over
there and I don't know it's all just a
blur of the same fucking thing for for
eight goddamn hours
oh alright to towers and they had that
awesome helms deep battle I make it
sound like I asked you to meet them I
just I don't I don't love them I think
thoroughly mediocre dark really yeah
the generica STUV generic fantasy and I
know there's a reason for that well I
was gonna say that's because a vintage
American doesn't matter there's still
generic utterly hopelessly generic
fantasy but like done so well it's like
the pinnacle of generic fantasy I didn't
mean to kill actually wanted to say I
just don't hate her
this hasn't jerks I was gonna save the
life oh you kicked me George you jerk
no I like the Lord I think I've problems
with I've problems with Return of the
King Return of the King especially the
the extended cut like the Peter Jackson
puts everything in the movie cut is
wonderful and amazing and they fall down
a mountain of skulls and it's it's weird
and beautiful but the ending of that
movie where it's just eight hours of
everyone being happy and hugging each
other what do you consider good fans out
great now we're gonna have a full stream
of people getting buffered because I
don't love lord of the fucking rings you
got to man
it's the I love it just as much as you
love it it's so amazing they go they go
nighty night playing the game now you
doing it all of that blur of the same
thing over and over again it's so
intoxicating I love it
what happened last night they accept
your apology and I knew you'd come
all the extended cuts I just I just
hijacked and as an outreach the good
guys or disagree it's just a city watch
but what part is the most amazing
MZ Lucas says in the first Pokemon they
said there was some kind of war which
got me thinking if Roosevelt Stalin
Churchill and Hitler all had to fight
World War two with Pokemon
what would their Pokemon be rich as the
leading Pokemon expert in this room I
give them the world leaders of the past
their own folk Amon
I mean Hitler would definitely get
coughing right but I said it
I know it's in poor taste but I thought
it was funny enough to say so here we
are
nope I can't unsay it that's fine
definitely America will be the Snorlax
well no that's a modern America back in
back in World War two World War two
America would have would have a think is
there one that has is there a pokemon
that has to visually distinct but
unequal sides unequal sides yeah like
one has less rights than the other like
it has like it has two very different
size and one side clearly isn't in
charge yes yeah
like the ones I just keep punching it's
like left side constantly yeah
nailing that social commentary rich
you're gonna buzz yeah
same yeah all right let's see what we
got here
leftover beefcake says since absolutely
everyone loves hold on for a second your
wife wants to chef more fingers into a
door
all quiet where did Morgan go down in
the basement the steam room toriel
they're twins
dad how you tell which is which that's
how I do it I hear the girls have
another way I don't
the Pendleton's are here you're supposed
to be on duty you're supposed to be on
guard
you'll get dismissed for sure I can't
believe this you said you weren't even
drunk wake up
hey everyone that was my mother when
your mom's house we got into doing a
little earlier she's checking up on a
few things
tech support wise anyway rich rich is
murdering that's great you seem to be
doing a great yeah murdering lots murder
yeah all right great that's great
leftover beefcake says since everyone
absolutely loves camera news what are
your thoughts on light row makers of the
awesome camera that allows you to
refocus your images after shooting being
snapped up by Google the the light pro
cameras are really fascinating so they
started making these still cameras that
take several pictures in rapid
succession
Oh
and outplay master just nicely Mike
boom boom bop bop bop okay my mics back
there we go sorry I keep futzing I keep
futzing with it but I see that it's
working now yes I'm gonna wait for
confirmation
fixed great
okay so Lytro makes this really neat
still camera where you can just take a
picture but then later both using an app
and just in your own post-production you
can change the focal point which is it's
frankly really my cousin so they had
actually experimented
those guys were talking fuck them ooop
and his arm too so they yeah post
focusing I heard of that
who could have used a little post focus
little Ango the I Ingo so they they
actually didn't mess around with making
a motion picture camera using these same
principles of being able to adjust both
focus and exposure imposed and basically
what it boiled down to is a frankly
ridiculous amount of frames per second
taking in so much information that you
would be able to change focus lighting
all sorts of different things in post
and it was really it was the talk of the
town for exactly one week before
everyone realized it was so
prohibitively expensive that no one
would ever use it it would it takes up
like like yeah a hundred gigs for every
10 minutes of footage that issued just
because there's so much information
being stored in the camera where's the
key
doing it imposed well and you know it's
one of those things where it's the that
kind of post fixing especially you know
for someone like someone like myself who
does a lot of freelance work that is
very run-and-gun very rushed very like
one-man operation having the ability to
fix a mistake in post would be huge like
oh shit my camera fell out of focus
midway through the shoot my client is
going to be pissed being able to fix
that later would be amazing
you boiled it yes I boiled him nice and
Emily and the innocent prostitute he is
with oh yeah well you know she didn't
say please I guess that's your rule so
yeah the Lytro got bought up by Google
which I'm gonna I'm gonna say Google is
not going to use their applications for
consumer products they're probably going
to find a way to use their cameras for
like snapchat filters or whatnot because
that's all people really care about
right snapchat filters they're gonna owe
a founder you know they're gonna they're
gonna find a way to incorporate it into
the next Android phone so people can
take like their auto their autofocus
works better they're gonna just take a
little part of that technology and
integrate it with something else
that's interesting enough technology
that might there might develop it's it's
expensive now Hollywood might find a use
for it they want to adjust something
after the fact well let's see I like
that's to me that's the conundrum is
Hollywood has enough people working on
the cameras where they would never need
it it would only be useful to you know
run-and-gun operations
I do doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot
what work do you do Jack I'm a video
producer
I make commercial videos people will pay
me money and I make videos like sure I'm
gonna kill him it's not gonna be fun for
me it's not gonna be exciting but let
you know something something kind of I
can't jump over those it poked you I'm
jumping over them
alright I can't jump over them something
I can compare it to is is 4k so my new
camera right my my new I got a Panasonic
Panasonic gh4 and that's a 4k camera
yeah but generally the videos that I
make are our guys
purposes like therefore social Oh God
she got some vomit on you yeah gave me
the plague so all of my stuff is for
like social media so you know I'm mostly
aiming for for like 1080p at most
because everyone watches social media
ads on a screen this size right but you
can shoot something in 4k and shoot it a
little bit wider than you would normally
shoot it yeah because then you could
always digitally zoom in and not lose
any of the clarity and so if your shot
isn't perfectly balanced or you know if
you're like I really want to focus in on
that you can actually digitally zoom in
later and not lose any fidelity 61
hostels killed
that's great rich eight civilians killed
murder Ron I usually play this a little
bit more surgically we're specifically
goofing off oh yeah that's right you can
also you can also do a shaky cam removal
you can do image stabilization without
losing any without losing any clarity
for like 4k is really great for fixing
basic alignment mistakes that's really
nice I I find myself using it all the
time like I'll just shoot it a little
wider I can zoom in later
yeah fix it in posts and you can
for the record I am NOT ignoring no I am
playing a game that requires so much of
my attention yeah and Jack isn't talking
to me so much as he's talking to you
also not to belittle rich you're not
necessarily a camera yeah so there's not
a lot of back-and-forth that we can have
exactly and so I'm okay with it am I
would you like to see your room in the
tower
yes you may you'll get to see it all the
entirety of the thing off is what rich
calls murder in a video game yeah I'll
go with Calista Corvo look I'm mad I'm
not a saint when I play this game I
don't I don't think that could kill
anybody but I don't go on killing sprees
typically president armed with a blade
you've changed the course of the city
forever
mmm with the Pendleton twins gone our
own Lord Pendleton will assume their
votes in Parliament Wow what needs to be
done men do in a lifetime
rich does it to speak to you soon
whatever neat whatever needs to be done
or good prop okay I need a specific
shirt okay yep
we need 800 toys I need to sort through
these movies okay I need you to buy Star
Wars dolls right yeah that's oh I know
so he does this little thing where he's
on camera yeah every once in a while not
not very often you don't
although the Loyalists can spirit from
me not much I haven't exactly been going
out of my way to tonight let's see
probably stupid because I need motor
upgrades you do need mercury upgrades
that check on your coin do B sandwich so
sorry about your fingers jack but at
least you're in good spirits always
laugh the pain away
laugh the pain away laugh the pain away
laugh the pain away laugh the pain away
thanks do be sandwich oh you have a
decent amount of cash
I know I don't necessarily care what did
you care at all about far cry 5 yeah
yeah yeah yeah I agree the last two just
kind of the same thing I I've I've only
seen you play blood dragon blood dragon
that is my entire knowledge of the
franchise is watching rich played blood
dragon right mostly because for a long
time I didn't have a gaming PC so I
couldn't play it all right Martin how do
you make money from streaming on Twitch
I'm considering that as a possible
career from you actually generally
speaking yeah you'll watch a little ad
before our stream starts we're actually
really bad streamers technically we're
oddities yeah we are not your typical
twitch streamer but usually you we
should be playing ads more regularly we
should be acknowledging people who
subscribe into a tip more regularly
possibly specializing in a certain game
or type of game we should be very good
at we should be streaming more often we
should do more like jokey game streams
like haunted-house stream stuff like
spam there's sticks that other streamers
who do well do that written I don't
necessarily do but yeah so you know
twitch gives you ad money from all the
people watching a stream you get money
from people who subscribe to your
channel and we have the tips set up
through stream tip and and then we also
cut up our streams and port them over to
youtube and we get you
we have money as well called double
dippin straight-up double-dip yeah if we
really wanted to capitalize on the
streams it would be only new games all
the time the new as fresh as hot as play
the curfew
really if we only if we wanted to really
capitalize it would only be pub G in
fortnight for yeah you'd really good at
sub G and you show off or you really you
really go to Dark Souls and you do the
dark souls run really don't get in if
you did speedrunning where you're really
good at the Mario games you speedrun
through Mario yep boo Mike whatever
whatever the thing you're good at right
yeah and if you're getting started as a
stream or what you're hoping for is a
super funny moment happens that you can
clip 30 seconds of it gets uploaded to
different social media site people go
who I'm gonna or you got a no Drake
apparently if you know Drake you can
come on your stream who the rapper he
played fortnight on a streamers stream
with the streamer and it went crazy
because you know he's famous outside of
streaming off and he came to the
streaming right he was playing some
fortnight so uh you know either got to
do a lot of gimmicky stuff have a
regular schedule or no Drake so
old man rich I it's not that rich is an
old man rich is not in general a fan of
the hip-hop so I would never I would not
expect him to know who Drake is he's not
dead I'm sorry I don't I'm not I'm not a
rap fan I'm sorry and there's nothing
wrong with that but I'm saying that that
has less to do with your age and more
with your musical tastes possibly both
but sure sure sure sure
I feel bad for Drake's agent right now
he must be getting flooded with dream
requests yeah like here are my stream
numbers I'd love for Drake to come on
what's he doing we talked about a new
album or whatever yep
really not Drake's agent Derrick's
agents Secretary's having a stressful
couple of weeks now
listen if Drake wanted to play X come
with us on a stream I would definitely
but only X if he wants to play fortnight
on a train why do they need the diet
they don't I am just goofing around
yeah he's doing a murderer I'm doing a
murderer run kind of murder everyone I
think it's more fun
well well executed stole
it's that you can do both and that's the
the joy of the game go through a level
completely undetected you can do that
what's gonna happen after they are done
with the Aviles you're gonna go straight
to we we know for sure like you know the
thing you're good
when I go teleported in front teleporter
defragment he was blocking yeah he knows
about your powers block block fuck I
can't beat me yeah what we know we know
already they're gonna do they're gonna
kind of go back in time a little bit
because the Captain Marvel movie takes
place in the 90s yeah so like Clark
Gregg is coming back as an agent of
shield and some other characters are
coming back who may be dead because they
can because it takes place in the 90s
and that way you don't need to worry
about that funky new continuity or the
big amazing event because it hasn't
happened so they gonna do some kind of
like speed of light time dilation that
gets captain captain nozzle into the
water possibly I mean that comes out
after Captain Marvel comes out after
it'll be entry you know what it'll be
interesting for ant-man why because he
ant-man and wasp is what comes out yeah
last time you know last time after the
big Avengers movie we got Iron Man 3 so
after the huge get-together we go to
Iron Man who's a staple but now it's
gonna hint man which is very interesting
at least from from my perspective which
is you know one of the one of the the
b-level heroes gets the gets the first
movie after the big event ant-man and
wasp which I'm very much looking forward
to odds are it's gonna be up letdown
what infinity war
infinity war oh I was talking about it
being looking for to animate a wasp yeah
but I mean I'm also looking forward to
infinity war I can only imagine there's
gonna be exactly two reactions with
anyone who is a fan of the comic books
it'll be let down yeah there's no way
they can do a story in as big a scope in
a movie as they could in months worth of
comics I think anyone who is a fan of
the movies will really enjoy it is my
that's my official prediction yep but
anyone who's read the comics will say
wow they missed so many story elements
I'm expecting it yeah
ant-man was after Avengers two but
Avengers 2 wasn't the event that
Avengers was and that infinity war is
infinity war is an event on the scale of
the first Avengers which is everyone
from the movies getting together for the
first time
how do I not get tired of the Marvel
movies I love two things in movies there
are two things in movies that are my
favorite parts of movies one is sci-fi
one is action record that's all comic
book movies are our sci-fi action was
and I do not get tired of them because
that also that classic empowerment
fantasy I'm a small weak man the movies
you know show me strong people and
punching nice shot nice shot lead them
lead your target let them run right into
your bolts powers
what do I want I don't love the street
hug helping the watch I don't know
wait while they were fighting there the
new mutant should hopefully break the
nation's being a horror movie now but he
keeps getting delayed and new mutants
and Dark Phoenix got delayed again pure
slop right there
that's that's alright that works
sometimes I'm not I don't care that Dark
Phoenix was delayed as I think they're
they're fucking it up already but I am
looking for any mutants you're gonna
delay any kind of x-men moving till
Marvel knows what the fuck they want to
do with the problem property well the
the merger hasn't gone through yet
true but but they did they they both got
too late so they maybe that's it it's
like let's wait until you know let's
wait until the merger goes through that
way then we can build Disney for a
little extra cash we already got these
movies made out you want them you want
them they want to be put at a deal they
probably don't I'm saying yeah
it's probably to avoid competitive
weekends though they've already lost
them
there's no then there's gonna be no
weekend every Marvel and Star War movie
is already happening all the time every
weekend he's got it you gotta choose
your battles just gotta choose your
battles let's go pop pants says I've
been playing some D&D; lately so question
no D&D; question rich yeah you wake up in
an RPG style world what is your first
step your goal your endgame to get out
of it and do you want to go back to the
real world yeah you probably want to get
back to it so that would be my goal is
to do you know figure out what steps I
would need to take in order to get out
of the RPG world
gosh darn it
but you don't like that again I guess
the end date but what do I want to be at
a D&D; world for there have plumbing you
could make a fortune you could be the
inventor of indoor plumbing you guys I
have an amazing idea
we just need the orcs and the mages to
work together and we can all shit inside
comfortably yeah I I could I could be
the D&D; world like like most brilliant
scientific mind but their equivalent of
Thomas Edison but just steal all of my
ideas no well magic a shit you'd be like
look I invented the light bulb and they
say what are you talking about we can
all make fire with our mind we don't
need wait pause
yeah
try something okay I don't know how it's
gonna work with a good okay do it
I know you're here somewhere scum
I don't think that's what your friends
know
nunim says you guys were talking about
Michael Bay in the Dead Rising 3 stream
have you played burnout paradise it's a
racing game that encourages fortuitous
explosions and destruction highly
recommend rich burnout paradise having
blender either but sorry if I hated
anything everything fantasy I wouldn't
like this point further record
try something now you know how well it's
gonna work I imagined this before okay
you gotta go you gotta get his body at
me I got three more good you gonna put
him in the grinder all right I'm done
with this but the bodies in the grinder
so all of them are just unconscious yeah
they're all just unconscious nice be a
shame if something I don't know ground
their bodies to a pope nice ah perfect
that's great body placement I'm gonna
make some pesto
oh all right let's see if it works
Tallyho
I'd say you got a better view
underwhelming
is he dead no I saw one I will see
you've got to put them in that side
let's do that that's great
all right that was fun doctor lube it up
since I have the dumbest idea for a star
husband I have the dumbest ideas for a
Star Wars movie so in rogue one the
Empire is just go with it rich the
Empire is taking Jedi lightsaber
crystals for use in the Death Star
the next super weapon will be a giant
lightsaber in space riches down with
this idea I can tell is that really what
was happening in world one they were
taking Jedi crystals yep I didn't pick
up on that I was too busy sleeping well
that the Death Star beam is basically a
big lightsaber
according to road one I didn't pick up
on that
I'm sorry sorry your court is under my
foot yes under your foot no more foot
crystals we should have one special
screen where no one talks about star
wars
big yeah James
jamming ttan says rich you sold me on
Dishonored I can't wait to assassinate
people with music when it goes on sale
okay so yeah this is an interesting
question now that you've played
dishonored one do you think Dishonored 2
is a worthy sequel I need to replay
Dishonored 2 before I plan do before I
give you a truly honest critique ok
let's hear what's your gut yeah
and worthy sequel make me better worse
anything is my goodness I want to replay
Dishonored 2 with more time to just take
it in sure and not I gotta get thrown
mind oh yeah we got stuff to do like we
gotta move we gotta talk about it I got
a week yeah that happens sometimes
dishonor there's only ten bucks on Steam
that's nice that is pretty nice position
himself doc likes to stir up shit talk
about black panther I think it's kind of
underwhelming I haven't seen it it's a
fine movie there's nothing wrong with
the movie I think it has a really good
villain I liked a lot of it but it
wasn't necessarily my jam I'm happy that
a lot of people like it I'm happy for
Ryan Coogler maybe he'll make another
Creed movie
what's the UH what's the track record
you know the track record for Marvel
directors isn't that great post Margrave
ok ok I'm good I'm goes alright host
Marvel it's not that great so like
John's Favreau
after Marvel has only been making his
Disney live-action The Lion King live ok
but that's and he did the jungle book
live-action remake he's doing the Disney
live-action remake wait which is but no
and I get I guess what I said is the
track record as far as movies that care
about that ok ok
you know like like I don't know if
they're spending their new clout on
their artistic dreams George just
completely drop link
George Miller nice thank you for this
woman what's he done that you've liked
outside of Mad Max oh he did that Happy
Feet movie wait why am i back here what
the mission restart what what I don't
know I said to restart the mission oh
did I am talking to Jack and I clicked
on a wrong thing
now shit oh well there you go
it's like why don't talk Jack never talk
to me all right
I'm not done anyway I think oh yeah how
long really going ah not terribly long
but oh come on oh it's it's only a
quarter after nine when did we start
after six so you know three hours sir
something else we can do quickly ah
possibly tell me when you're done and
we'll make that call I'm gonna be done
now oh I'm okay yeah I was distracted I
see what I did oh well they go no there
you go
FAC frauds says hey guys I know jack has
a job outside of our lamb but do the
rest of the rlm crew have second jobs
love you guys
you're my favorite YouTube
every Milwaukee's finest that's why
that's why you all moved up your neck to
Milwaukee from from the outlying area is
a Chicago male escort market was getting
a little crowded after we work for a
company called hunk frauds
literally that's hey frogs is it's more
of a joke male escort company where
women think they're gonna go home where
are we says easy peasy japanesey says
i'm curious after hearing your opinions
on the black spine up soda how often
does producing content feel more like an
obligation or sure that you dislike
literally hanging out with her friends
oh sure sure you know in a case like in
any best of the worst what i'm if if the
the movie selection isn't great all i
worry about is not having anything to
entertain you people with I do really
worry about that
like oh my god we're not going to be
funny because other than that yeah it's
just hanging out and goofing off with
our friends but the the anxiety comes in
oh this will be a shitty episode unlike
you not just for us but for you guys so
you know it's it's just one of those
things where it has never felt like work
but sometimes I worry that we're not
funny a heartily comedy
so far we've been able to we've been
able to pull a lotta crap out of our ass
and I think that's great
I have faith in them yeah yeah I've
heard of a swarm of rats tripping a
child's body to the bone and half a
minute
exactly Mike can always digitally zoom
on Rich's speech impediments there we go
oh yeah we always find something to tell
you you will have to force the words
from me and I warn you lick my love bits
as dragon rich are you more mammalian
social warm emotional or reptilian
clothes rational and capable of enjoying
solitude I feel jack is warm and furry
and rich is slick and quick like a snake
did you need to ask Ken can I be warm
emotional but also enjoy solitude and a
little bit of both I like people but I
also just like hanging out by myself
sometimes
killer oh no don't kill her nevermind
sorry I saw I saw a person that you
weren't killing and I said I thought you
shouldn't kill him junk
rebel base said I had a panic moment
playing blood-borne the other day I
accidentally killed the doll luckily I
soon discovered she this response this
another high caste that I haven't seen
but I still felt bad afterwards now I
always bow to her before leaving yeah
did you kill him no I can't kill him
you probably killed them where'd he go
where'd he go I want to buy stuff oh oh
I know what this is he's spying on
Calista he's being he's being a pervert
who's Calista she's a woman who takes
care of Emily I know it looked caused a
little girl I was inventing a new kind
of lock and he was like snowflakes the
truth is but yes killing the doll does
make you feel very sad you know even if
you do it on accident I agree the blood
borne the blood borne doll somebody's
saying we should look into the lore I
have a little bit
I just like the little bits I get from
the latchkey kids is Jack I've been re
watching Deep Space nine for the first
time in 20 years it's amazing
please try it again using the guide
called Star Trek Deep Space 9 condensed
Cisco equalist best captain ever quickly
return to my shop it was pretty cool I
I'm I like it now that I'm older yeah
oh you should get music empty space
liner stress shot did you give it a shot
I think I will I think I will
no no this is rich how are the fish I've
got a goldfish in my tank what do you
have hi fish doing how they fighting no
no they get thanked get along I got some
NIAMS and they're actually really really
Pleasant community fish than the ants
okay yeah they don't they don't harm a
thing Karen Karen says they're good
citizens all right I got some Guppies
mmm one tank a guy I got me and I got
some Guppies I got some shrimp I got a
loan Danny OH whoo I had to rescue from
the lobby Danielle's tanks separate from
the other Danny Harry danios basically
they were going to marry me he's missing
an eye his face is all fucked up oh it
was damn near death took my wee-wee
he's a he's one of those genetically
modified nightlight danios okay whether
the glofish yeah
today's bright neon and the fish were
picking on him were bright colors when
we put when we first put the neons in
the tank that we put the the wounded
Danny oh and he was terrified of the
neons because they were a bright
colorful fish like the ones that used to
pick on
the tank oh he was hiding from neons
which if you know you've seen any on you
know what a neon is that's hysterical oh
he was shell-shocked he was so sure you
got used to the other think I got danios
in the beta I guess I guess I could do
lady Boyles party but that's probably
more fun if you're if you're paying
attention to what's going on well you
don't have to yeah I think I think I'm
done okay I think I'm done
all right I can do around a slate aspire
I think okay that's great yeah that's a
that's a good we can we can see yeah you
know you beat you beat it as the iron
clad how about how about a Poisson run
hey I could just try and have another
good ironclad round you could good Oh
sounds good that's fine you can do that
too that's fine just what do you know
just whatever you want to do all the
time
all the time I always ask you want to
hell you're in the mood for always I
know I know I'm being I'm being pissy
stream

[Part III]
what about the new FTL guys game it's
not bad I don't think it's bad but
honestly just cannot actually kind of
forgot about it I'll tell you the truth
okay I have to kind of I've been playing
viscera cleanup detail
yeah it's just kind of it's it's it's
simple it's nice but it is just kind of
black unfortunately all right see how
this goes oh sure but and your earliest
convenience if you could turn the music
up it's all right in the game you have a
chat about cuz cuz that's how you roll
it is but we need a little background
noise thank you Jack you spent 30
minutes cleaning up your own bloody
footprints it's true and I found that
incredibly engaging yet I don't find the
same thing for into the breach which
should speak volumes about into the
breach or viscera cleanup detail either
one is ghost
breach is a perfectly competent game I'm
gonna take anger or hoping I get
something relic why's that plus its
strength for using three attacks sure
sure then you can just keep making anger
anger anger yeah yeah something psycho
your deck quickly good workout
what do you have what you have to do is
gather up all the guts and body parts
incinerated them ven mom yes I've
discovered that but you see they let me
discover that it wasn't it wasn't there
was no tutorial on how to properly clean
up everything it was a it was a joyful
gameplay moment of discoveries finding
the best way to claim finding the
perfect rhythm with the laser gun brings
up your bullet holes when I went back to
that first level and played it by myself
I got a tiara sorry 96% clean 96 percent
clean and part of me just thinks what
did I miss
what did I miss what could I have missed
man I don't think I can get behind
taking anger over flex I don't think
flexes that great I mean it's like was a
when you upgraded three or four for
extra strength for one term sure it can
pair well with something it can pair
well with certain cards let's say let's
say you get get five cards in your hand
yeah you get flex two shields and two
strikes and you're only getting like a
little bit extra on those tools yeah but
it's a you know what it works cuz it's a
free card for me it's a free card but I
go scar wings arc says flex is good to
make a good deck better but it doesn't
start a deck okay and that's a good way
to put it you can't build a deck off of
flex
but like something like flex with anger
could potentially work well as long as
you could get cycle your cards and draw
more cards because remember just having
flex in your hand means that something
else isn't in your hand
oh no this game again this game's great
this game is great I don't know what's
wrong with you man
okay good get you get out of town get
right on this game's great oh that
wouldn't help I wouldn't have helped me
oh that's a great price which ones you
get the cycle through your deck really
quick draw three cards oh yeah yeah
nothing yeah yeah that's a great one
that'll work that'll work great with
anger now you got something I need
something to give that anchor more
purpose I have a this is just a complete
dice roll if I find a relic that'll work
nice with it yeah let me need if that
works is what I'm doing yeah s in 1984
says hey rich and Jack do any of you
play clash royale for smartphones it's a
3d card game where you place units on
the map and destroy a player's Tower to
win then playing it every day for two
years in a row nope nope sorry
you won't like did you tard French guy
for this great guy yeah that that wasn't
necessarily you know hypothetical
someone else who clash royale doesn't
necessarily have the vigorous fan base
that fan base that say Lord of the Ring
has
smooth just so try that's how I describe
the Lord of the Rings movies dry I think
that's accurate but I still like them
you find them you fight your fine to
like them I think like you know what you
said where they're generic fantasy is
true but it was also the thing that
invented generic fantasy and so you have
to kind of give it that that's fine I
just I've never been big on generic
fantasy right all right listen
gaaah brands and ogres and yeah
how do I feel about Dave Chappelle he's
a very funny comedian Rach how do you
feel about Dave Chappelle it's fine okay
I have no strong feelings in Dave
Chappelle all right I have not seen
either of his new stand-up specials but
I have seen him perform live and I've
seen many of his stand-up specials and I
think he's very funny I know he famously
left his own show and he may be a crazy
man yes and famously left is very
successful yes I did success yes for
reasons I don't fully understand but
obviously he didn't but I do think he's
a very talented stand-up comedian oh god
those days
oh dude dude dude 28th dress as curious
why don't you guys have premium content
for patreon subscribers because rich and
I don't have a patreon like $5 a month
gets access to special videos reviews
etc it seems like you could make good
money from that which and I don't have
anything to do we don't have a patreon
for previously recorded and that's
that's uh that's a question that's above
our pay grade man question for someone
else
yes let's fire
crocodile brain says Jesus stream tips
sucks so badly
inside the twitch Android app I'm very
sorry crocodile brain
anyways rich any dirt not liking Lord of
the Rings for being generic is like not
liking Halloween because it's too cliche
or or or how about this it's like not
liking rice cakes because they're too
bland the rice cakes might have invented
the low calorie snack food I just don't
care about that they're not terrible I
don't hate the movies oh those are the
ringtones all I just don't get excited
about them they're there they happened
rich now by the way spoiler alert
that's what Project Hornet is its riches
epic 8-hour teardown of the entire Lord
of the Rings trilogy we've been editing
it for years rich has been working on
the script for his epic Lord of the
Rings teardown oh you guys he speaks
truth
well you want a hangar right I'm not I'm
not I'm not feeling it
no I'm not feeling it it doesn't
necessarily work run is gonna be a
disaster
hey sow disaster yet
I think pontiff pilot puts it very
quickly he says if people understood the
concept of personal taste all of these
arguments would never happen I know it's
crazy I know it's okay that rich doesn't
know it's it's absolutely not because
they need me to love Lord of the Rings
exactly as much or more than they love
the Lord of the Rings I think that's
what they really want they really want
like like I really like Lord of the
Rings and they want you to be a super
nerd about larger rings absolutely so
anyway anyway rich any Dark Souls 3 tips
nope No
ji Schatz says rich Jack just saw the
rlm a review of Freddy got fingered was
wondering what's your quick opinion of
the film thanks for the stream I haven't
seen it either vine that was an extra
quick because this film called Freddy
got fingered starring started do you
guys know who Tom Green is there's more
Mike's thing than my thing is amusing
for a little while and then Tom Green
check out old neighbor mm-hmm
apparently Mike thinks it's secret art I
think all of what Tom Green does is see
is not secret art it's just plain art
that's Tom Green's whole thing's he's
he's purposefully absurd that doesn't
necessarily mean I want to see a movie
about it maybe one day I'll see we got
it we have a tip from Jack underscore
Packard
who says I'm Jack
that is not me I did not secretly tip
myself that wouldn't make any sense I
know that wouldn't I know that what I
would lose money I'm having an identity
crisis
it's Jack from one second in the past or
one second in the future we don't know
I get the first boss already know oh
yeah
any thoughts in the dune movie remake
it's being made by the guy who did the
new Blade Runner and the southern movies
animal what a rival and and I like his
movies so I think it's gonna be good
because he makes good movies probably
sure it's good movies quick Jack's house
something only the real you would know
that I'm in 3 is a perfect movie not
even someone only only Jack would say
that even someone pretending to be me
wouldn't go that far
they would draw the line Niko hyoeun man
3 really like oh you're not the real
Jack Iron Man 3 is a perfect moment boom
perfect action movie maybe you're not
Jack it's a perfect movie you say no no
no Jack cuz you're not the real Jack I
know you know the real Jack now Jack
says it's a perfect action movie these
are your Anna posture
I'm an imposter the caveat is that
because real Jack just tipped us but
it's an action movie so therefore it's a
perfect movie because it's a perfect
action movie it all makes it's all the
same stuff it's awesome stuff or maybe
you're right I gotta go I gotta go now
for no reason for no reason whatsoever I
gotta go
and a Sly Jack 22 says here yes thank
you for the tip we appreciate it
Jack thinks the witch has a happy ending
so there's that it does if you anyone
who has seen the lovage understands that
it's a happy ending
ice I will stand by that I will stand by
that anyone's gonna read and ladybird is
also a perfect movie yes to perfect
movies lady ladybird ladybird Academy
award-nominated ladybird I thought
you're talking about ladybugs look the
Rodney Dangerfield movie where he takes
a 12 year old kid puts him in drag and
has him join a woman's soccer team I
legitimately thought that's what you
said ladybugs is also that's perfect
dribble says she becomes a self-centered
psychopath what's happy about that DRAM
Bowl did not understand the wish and
that's a darn shame and that's a darn
shame very sorry about that ramble maybe
give it another go maybe give that movie
another go you can do it you can figure
it out
all right
we're surviving I'm not I'm not liking
this deck maybe explain your thesis
Bianca so you're gonna be my restart
yeah I everything else is setup wrong of
him that he is barricade em everything
yeah it is so I the which is about the
stigmas and pressures placed upon young
women not give me any shields bricks do
you have a barricade no you don't look
very good and you know we the movie
starts I'm gone mmm I'm about to spoil
the witch for anyone who hasn't seen it
because I'd like to explain my thesis on
why the witch has a happy ending
heads up I'm about to explain the witch
right now so I think the the moral of
the witch story nice is is is about
these stigmas and pressures put on young
women especially at the time you know
she is thrust into a motherly role
watching the baby she's overly
sexualized by her brother she is thrust
into a parental role with her other
younger siblings she her mother acts
jealously towards her about her father
it's it's all sort of really messed up
and so the the ending of the movie as I
read it was her finally so all the all
of these stigmas didn't bring that back
a little bit all of these stigmas were
put on her as those which which is
basically a young girl turning into a
woman
the stigmas of womanhood as though the
which is the evilness of women hood and
the ending of the movie where she
discovers that she is a witch meets a
coven in the forest and ascends in a
witch Li cackle like literally starts
flying in the air cackling like a witch
to me was her accepting her role as a
woman therefore it's a happy I'm talking
about the wind really what ah it's not
gonna give me that
I'm talking about the witch I'm talking
about the movie the witch and so you
know you can look at black Phillip
representing you know the possibly a
partner you know like the male partner
he awakens her as a fully realized woman
you know the the boyfriend or whatever
bad influence good in this case I think
a good influence someone who who shows
her a world outside of her home so black
black Phillips black Phillip was a man
right exactly
hey Bock chihak damn black Phillips was
the one that showed her world outside of
her own a world of abuse and depression
so anyway
anyway that's my take on the witch and
that's why I think the witch has a happy
ending
the which in the beginning killed and
ate a baby they're not good with people
so again going along the theme that
movies trying to say that women aren't
good people or if we're going along the
theme of the of witches being
independent women and and a stigma put
on independent women is birth control
okay and that might lead that might go
along with that theme and so the witch
I mean kills the baby obviously it's a
horror movie so you got to have some
killing but birth control something
that's a stigma for for grown-ass
independent woman might work on anyway
love ovitch I think it's great
you want to forget about the witch you
want to hear my interpretation of the
village okay it's a dumbass movie boom
done
next it's a dumb movie that's so dumb we
were trying to think of the dumbest way
it could end and we predicted it as I
was watching the village with Lisa we
were trying to predict the dumbest twist
it could end with and we nailed it and
we were so upset just because it's
really good
don't be scared little wife
I'm not gonna get past this
me and Eamonn I liked it I like banana
Dean I thought it was a really
interesting movie no you're not gonna
make it why do I say the buffets because
it's silly that's it because in their
marketing they wrote the W is to upper
case B's which is how they did it back
in the day but I just think it's silly
yeah neon demon I thought was really
cool I thought it was it was an
interesting an interesting take survive
one more round
the only way to be independent is to be
an amoral monster or you're perceived as
an amoral monster and actually you're
not
damn think by think about is about
people's perception deal
I liked all of Nambiar even Keanu I
liked every little bit in the Ondina I
can't believe you won how about that
never give up congratulations
yeah
yeah God all the boss relics are garbage
no I'm sorry absolute game three curses
in three Rowling's well of course I
don't want to do that
you're gonna limp this one out yeah all
right yeah this is this is we're doing
it okay we're doing it or not we're
doing it or we're not all right that's
fun
what did I think of surrogates is
surrogates the movie with
what's-his-name Bruce Willis where they
have the give me the fucking Breuer Kate
he's not doing it attack it's the
perfect time she's brown game you're not
giving me parenting you have you have
you have 20 cards not the one who okayed
Bruce Willis then they have all the
doubles I think it's an interesting
premise and could have used a bigger
budget very interesting for mr. I liked
it I liked a lot of it good good good
sci-fi social commentary
good good b-movie that's exactly what
surrogates is classic sci-fi b-movie
we threw a trap fine fine I'm having
some shitty fucking luck in this game
yeah yeah what other things shape of
water I didn't much care for the shape
of water shaped like water who we saved
like water the shape wore the shape and
water yeah
shaped like water who we shave like
water the shape of water the water was
shaped like water the water was shaped
like what do you think well that would
be an interesting take on it I thought
there was I thought there was a lot of
good to the shape of water but overall
overall I think the shape of water
didn't do what it needed to do which was
explained why that lady wanted to fuck a
fish that's it that's all the movie
needed to do is why is this lady fuck
into fish and they didn't do that and
they did a lot of really good work with
other side characters everybody has a an
interesting character moment I liked the
look of the movie the monster I was
obviously very nice but they did not
explain why that lady one of the fuck
officials do you need a reason yes yes
you need a reason why a little box of
fish I'd say that's a fair expectation
don't you think don't you think I can't
I came out of that movie and I really
thought I missed something
I was I was visibly upset and I was like
what what did I miss and I'm talking I
went I saw it with Lisa I was like - did
you get it did you get it did you get
the movie and she's like yeah mate oh
good okay yeah you got you
our Miller I don't think that was it I
don't think they were both misunderstood
because they never show that fur for our
main character they never showed her as
a misunderstood outcast because she has
a group of friends who she talks with
and bonds with all the time who seemed
to accept her for who she is as a person
so
the back of the box has a poetic love
story about misunderstood creatures
right but then I think they did a bad
job of showing that she was
misunderstood because she had like
friends and you know that's it
so I think I think they did a poor job
showing why I'm showing her as an
outcast showing where someone who wanted
to fuck a fish and then she fucked a
fish and I'm just gonna keep saying fuck
a fish this is our worst this is our
worst dream ever how long have we been
talking about fucking two goddamn fish
20 minutes how long can you talk about
fucking a goddamn fish
how long can i yeah hours now you I mean
just people in general how we've been I
don't
the movie won the fucking Academy Award
for Best Picture rich we're gonna be
talking about fish fucking for a while
okay no actually if if past winners of
Best Picture are anything to go off of
people are already stopping talking
about
I'm all Radko so I wrote my dissertation
on fish fucking maybe they're a marine
biologist maybe well maybe Marco
actually like you know oh I actually
we're going repopulating the salmon
population of Northern Iowa Mall
radicals the only one authorized exactly
a mile rank oh you tell me about fish
market fish biologists is allowed we
talk to me about fish fucking and the
importance of fish fucking will write a
movie about that it'll be great you know
we'll give a character has a reason fuk
fish Scott I get that I got that and I
thought that was really lame I'm not
gonna spoil that for anyone
Scott nine more than five seven seven
five I'm trying not to spoil it I'm
trying not to spoil out a fish fucking
movie because people might not have seen
it
do-do-do-do-do
lick my love it says jack just for my
own sense of happiness can I have some
Batman bail please maybe Shakespeare or
better yet bedtime stories thank you
both for your existence as it adds to my
own thanks I have to get into it I have
to get into the Batman but hold on
ah yeah yeah yeah
yes
all right ready does everyone want a
bedtime story okay I might have lost
Batman what's my Batman what's my Batman
say four it is Rachel well I am the
knight swear me let's go
that's all that's it right there in the
great Queen Room there was a telephone
and the red balloons and a picture of
the cow jumping over the moon and there
were three little bears sitting in
chairs and two little kittens and those
missions and the results or house and a
young mouse and a comb where a brush and
a bowl fooled much air quietly who was
whispering hush Rachel good night room
good night move goodnight cow jumping
over the moon
good night light and your labor own good
my pills
good night Charles cook like kittens
good night mittens cuz I clocks good eye
stops good night little house include I
know Mouse you might be thrown too much
Scooby in there I know it gets it gets
mushy after a while after a little bit
goodnight nobody goodnight mas and good
night to the au lait he was slowing us
cuz it's not just Scooby you gotta be
like out of breath to because you just
fought a bunch of bad guy bad guys good
night stars cuz I girls clothes night
noises everywhere good night moon good
night parents
you know what it gets muddled after a
while too heavy on the Scoobies they go
like my love bits there's goodnight
moons as Bale's Batman why am I so why
am I still why am I still trying with
these cards why cuz this is the run and
then we're done yeah yeah so you just
take it as far as you can
whisk Oh disco says with the release of
itchy the killer coming out this year
have you seen the movie and what did you
think I don't know what each of the
killer is neither do I and if it's
coming out this year how could we have
seen it already
sorry what is it I'm curious what does
the achieve the killer I don't know what
did you the killer is sounds like a like
the sequel to fridge the cat the some
people are just saying a great movie
yeah oh it's a remake of a cheetah
killer maybe a Japanese film oh that
explains why I haven't heard of that no
I haven't seen many foreign films oh
okay I'm gonna go okay here's the thing
yeah with red letter media like I'm not
the film buff the true blue film buff
it's not me okay that's that's that's
the rest of you that's ujm might we like
the movies right right right
you like the movies but you like it with
that tone have you seen this obscure
arthouse film this I'm but you know what
I'm very excited in the blu-ray release
of the director's cut of - boo - there's
20 more minutes of submarine madness
it's crazy right right
raises no Lord of the Rings I just I
just said I didn't like the Lord of the
Rings movies that much that was it
you didn't even say you disliked them
you just said you didn't love them
they're kind of dry that's good they're
not my favorite things which by the way
is a completely fair argument come on
people get it together
I'm ants and you know what I just made a
joke about Das Boot and now people are
giving me shit about Das Boot it's an
obscure arthouse movie no it's not an
art housemate I know it's an obscure
movie only art house people know is I
guess the better way to put that it's
not I wouldn't know if I'd call that an
art house movie but
oh this one's gonna be a disaster it's
pretty obscure I would I would call
Dawson I would I would say if you were
to pull a hundred people off the street
less than ten would know about Das Boot
these days yeah Rama to came out what it
was in the Oscars or maybe all right
maybe
I hate this boss it's Debbie yeah yes
Debbie sucks oh yeah yeah he likes to
stab
Oh Oh
I'm done we're done
one-one more tips I got from powder out
hand who says hey guys any thoughts on
Bojack horseman
oh it's creature it's hard to get to the
first season yeah the first season
starts off quite weak but the first
season starts off it's like what's the
big deal and then it just starts getting
darker and darker and darker it's good
to get gets really like some really
black comedy no Jan horseman hmm
he's a miserable horse man it's a
miserable horse man I like Bojack
horseman more than I like Lord of the
Rings oh you've just made some people
have very happy and some people very
upset and you've made some people very
confused because they like both and you
agree with part of the things that they
are but not all of the things that they
are okay let's uh let's alt tab over and
read the names of the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream
there's a bail King I think bulking
bulking barrel barking like you know
maybe oh yeah like a bog like a balk a
rebel of old said of them not scoot
exactly laggin wagon for thirteen months
in a row sasquatch Bray V boy robot
co-op
mr. tummy giggles Brown Adam Sandler for
15 months in a row says I was promised
Pikachu two times you work this you know
jackets a pass he heard his fucking I
was physically injured today physically
injured I'm very sorry
when I come back from my trip I will
bring it again and we'll see and rich
won't want to play anything because
he'll be playing if he's playing at all
and so I'll bring it it's like Lord of
the Rings it's very very epic movies
they're just very emotionally unfor me
I'm sorry that's okay that's okay I
can't get into the plight of Frodo I
just don't I don't I don't I don't get
invested in any of the characters in the
film closest I come to Smeagol yeah yeah
is anybody in the film what's epic it is
very epic zealand's pretty massive
really is and looks like a place I want
to visit go to Hobbiton amos sell thesis
says happy fucking nine months having a
bad day tell me a joke press f4 failed
relationships yes sorry I got no joke
for you
my life I present to you my life
there's your joke would you like a
knock-knock joke that one of my children
told me recently it's a cat based
knock-knock go for it okay so knock
knock who's there
litter litter who literally nothing
I don't think they get it I thought it
was delightfully absurd I think they're
missing of knock-knock jokes yeah I hate
to be blunt yeah they're missing the
point
well their children they don't quite get
the the nuances of comedy yet Oh God
social geometer says if I was good at
saying clever things I'd be on the other
side of the camera I'm here tonight I
think I'm having an off night yeah well
yeah I'm painting I'm just tired you're
tired in pain
I'm very much feeling off tonight that's
and that happens sometimes yeah I think
it's gonna be okay
yeah we talked about fucking fishes for
a while that was great I think we should
just delete this whole goddamn stir I
went into the greater nuances of
blossoming into womanhood as regards to
the vich JEP how terrible was the stream
on a scale of 1 to 13 because why not
Sarris 1 to 10 why not went to 13 let's
go to 1 to 13 13 being the the worst how
bad was the stream okay yes not the
worst okay love the worst yeah people
like your murder run and dishonored that
was entertaining to watch because I know
I was gonna into it not saying much I
feel bad about that but mm-hmm
oh there's just so many numbers going by
I don't know what any of them I know but
I like that I like that you guys are so
engaged I think that's great
all right who else we got here we got
Tommy slow invisible strings Liz andis
who says I just watched a movie about
beavers it was the best damn movie I'd
ever seen who was just that for the joke
earlier the chat asked if the chat
receive it it should have been the one
right underneath that would have been I
would have been perfect perfect but
that's a good joke but today's not
perfect so it's okay
squid vicious one lady
Demming for 28 fucking months in a row
Owen Thunder guns Gino Swami Gino's
Swami Aeon I know it's supposed to be
silent
I like zinc suave I don't know why I
think it's supposed to be like Rico
suave yeah Gino suave like Rico suave I
was just like suave like the words wah
it could be that too I've always said
suave yeah yeah I got a feeling I got a
feeling that's wrong I don't know I
don't know I don't know for 16 months in
a row says there's something wrong with
my resub says I've been it for 16 months
but that would make me some kind of shut
and loser
oh no congratulations
it took this awful stream to make you
realise it we had other people
threatening to walk out over me cleaning
Linda Livi was so bad the stream where
you were cleaning for three hours was a
better stream how do you remember that's
how awful the stream was jack mopping up
his own bloody footprints for 20 minutes
that was a great time
we're out with Jill - no one lost in
Technicolor for 44 motherfucking months
in a row who says rich and Jack get me
through the hardest most physically
painful times in my life
thank you so much but not tonight just
awful we're just adding to the pressure
tonight Caroline in it in but hey that
still takes their mind off of how how
bad their life is because it's like look
at these two guys still works so works
relentless 42 for 18 months in a row
question number 16 are lozad a sure I
think Rosa sure I think by defense those
aren't letters you'd normally see
together look La Rose one Eric BRR obese
manicure says you guys pretty cool but
tonight hey Jay Bojangles t an horror
fan yeah yes jr. bacon fat kid there's
this long time watch a recent subscriber
thanks for the many hours of vicarious
gameplay fellas jack remember to
uninstall lock on targeting old
reference oh that's a very old reference
rich stay sexy on you liar but thank you
see marks Zack Peterson uncle kulikov
Lord on cook your meat
Lag you're meeting somebody an ATM for
no reason what though what do you got
there some some mistakes some chicken
what are you gonna do with that okay boy
you're gonna cook your meat hmm lag
adder to Heinz Alger nup for 12 months
in a row who says at happy opening day
Eve tomorrow brings the best day of the
year is baseball starting presumably the
baseball starts I guess so it was kind
of nice today it was like in the 50s
today I was pretty happy with that I
opened my window today from I can't yeah
yeah what's an opening day of the white
sighs once we just unusually warm mmm
that March but you usually opening day
this this part of the country it's not
we're not it's not ripe yet this is just
for like the hardcore fans only to say
that they went to opening day like
bundle up drink lots of beer eat a
hotdog oh yeah I was there I'm now sick
for the next three weeks usual remain
for 41 motherfucking months in a row
quality pixel who would like us to keep
on keeping on and freak thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and we appreciate
you sticking with us through these
trying times
alright next next frame I'll try to be
on try to be um right now I'll try to be
entertaining I think I think we did all
right um well you know I'm not I'm not
saying this was a 10 out of 10 but a
solid six
