Jan 10, 2018
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, general discussion, Left 4 Dead 2
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/217441932
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/217443615
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/217444289
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS1zBBTwPGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3cg-d6Qqug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxqMaNv_OOQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/951215457347997696

[Part I]
make it rain the stripclub
make it hey kill the devil comes out of
the candy over here we go that is ever
having haven't seen can you know while
she's been she's been out with
bronchitis yeah all right what I'm
saying is here at flappers we have a
good medical plan
she paid she had a zero dollar copay so
make it rain jack you be crazy
you be you be cray cray all of our
dancers have regular check-ups yeah yeah
the did you want to invite people and do
four huh did you want to invite people
and do four we should do a couple couple
just don't like that'll help us warm up
all right all right that sounds fine
we're gonna play pub giannis we're gonna
play puck G it's gonna be great
oh we're gonna we're gonna invite each
other or something here o invite you oh
that sounds perfect they are join my
team I'm on I'm on the squad you're on
the squad hey the crummy game that just
won't go away you know it's it's got a
new life for me I've been really
enjoying it I've found I I have wanted
to play rich recently exactly I have
this in my ear and it's actually really
nice I feel like I'm yelling
I've felt the need to play exactly three
games recently I've been getting to some
more pub G time in I've been really
cranking out the overwatch time yeah
I've something like this I'm super into
that and rocket League and so just all
of the getting your multiplayer online
multiplayer and so there's just some
times that I can't hop in for a quick
gaming session because those are the
only three games I want to play I've
been I've been trying to get the all day
on Dead Rising unlockables the first
game on PC nice I got that next one on
my list is the real fucking nightmare
okay the real fucking my seven-day
survivor oh that's right you were
talking about that it's it's a fucking
real-life 15 hour long challenge where
you have to play in infinite mode for 15
fucking hours with your health slowly
depleting the entire time but in real
time in real time it's 15 hours just to
stay awake and alert for fifteen hours
well fortunately I'll be playing it on
PC and not an Xbox 360 so I'll be able
to like pause it and walk away and do
something else
360 if you leave that on for more than
10 hours you you're lucky if it hasn't
already crashed nice I got it I got I
got seven-day survivor when the game
first came out and that was the big
nightmare like oh god that's gonna crash
isn't it it's gonna cut Mobile's there
it's gonna crash oh no it's gonna let
the game crashing oh my god I did too
many buttons that was the real tension
nice jack it's the Genji from the other
day and overwatch means you're right I
think I've played with you a couple
times ninja rapper I I played with some
cunt
today I need to tell you that I I need
to air an overwatch grievance you know
i-i've been what I've been switching
over to is Reinhart I really want to
learn Reinhardt what
well Marcos oh you're doing the you're
doing the thud that's being ready well
I'm gonna unready can I already wait
all right now you ready up how about
that so that's how that works that's
funny so I gotta air my grievance yeah
I've been really like grinding the
Rhinehart hard uh-huh he's a very
interesting character and overwatch
where he has you know he's a character
in a first-person shooter that only has
a hammer yeah and he does not throw it
but you know he's the heavy he has a big
shield he can swing his hammer he's a
really great character that I've been
really enjoying learning him and you
know all I plays quick play and we're in
quick play and we have no heavies and no
healer yeah and you one nice diverse
teams from having some healers who
support characters some salts and
defending you know like a nice
well-balanced team crap
no heavies no healer so I gotta make all
we need to heal or more than anything so
I'd be a healer yeah and everyone else
chooses and no one else chooses the
heaviness like guys you know in the
little chat there's like hey anyone feel
like being a heavy and everyone's like
no so it's like fine fuck it and then
our sniper starts spamming the I need
healing button this is before the match
even began yeah I need healing
I need healing I need healing snipers
think that they're very important to the
game yeah and they want to be babied I
want to make sure I'm at a hundred
percent health at all times I need
healing I need you and I need healing I
need healing then the round starts and
we finally get a heavy and so I as the
healer stick really close to the heavy
that's that's the duro yeah Jambo you
know I make sure that heavy has all the
health that they need and I stick by all
the people and always in the core may or
I need healer and you feel it I need
healing it fucking I'm over here I'm
healing someone who needs healing who's
our heavy and they then they then come
over by me and say I need healing I need
healing and I just refuse yeah fuck you
I'm now actively not healing you
actively not healing you
because your are you are a cunt then the
person decides to be a crybaby about it
and they they were the sniper they were
their widow and widow has a lot of free
movement right so like if this person
wanted they could have like grapple
hooked spider-man grapple hooked over to
the health pack and then back up to the
thing easy peasy
yeah they don't need me they decide to
sit in spawn and sulk for the rest of
the game and not help us at all okay
because they're on be a B word that's my
grievance that that happened today and
it was it was very upsetting and the
rest of the team is like you know are
our healers doing a great job for us
and it just in Chad he's like maybe if
our healer didn't suck I wouldn't I
wouldn't just give up I'm sorry check
hmm I'm sorry he was really upsetting to
me we ended up losing but then that
person left and the rest of us stayed
one of the many reasons I typically
don't play multiplayer games you get
those bad you get those bad things but
the the very next game everyone on my
team was there except for that person
yeah we steamrolled yeah yeah right
through your get rid of that one bad egg
who thinks they're the best
anyway yeah my coffee
let's play some pub G rich okay I'm
ready I'm ready for this
okay I am also ready you see I'm ready
by getting my ready stance I'm gonna
have some ear pods in so if I just start
shouting at everyone it's because I have
ear earphones in pub G is going down in
40 minutes maintenance if that's
accurate or was that or was that a will
finally start playing I don't know
okay let's see here fix the screen
what's wrong with the screen what screen
that's wrong you twat isn't even a swear
word in Scotland I'm saying you know
cunt is is a word that I reserved for
people I feel
oh yeah the desert oh man you're gonna
work
you have the novel in there what is that
yours from home yeah
crap oh we thought we were so thank you
you handle your issues and I'm gonna be
really jittery this is not the smoothest
this game is play forever because I'm
trying to stream it to I don't I don't
know I don't know there we go
you know go into your into your video
settings for now drop the quality dog I
did the the classic tech support
bit of unplugging it and plugging it
back in yeah yeah okay oh my god what I
hear me in my earphones that's gonna be
awkward find a place you want to land
and I need to oh you know you know this
better than I do you could want to land
okay how about now how about now how
about now great oh shit we got a fine
place let's go let's get out and go over
its head like he Rashmi when you're
jumping already and jump alright hey so
what's going on everybody
oh you know what I told rich this story
speaking of tech-support I had a really
amazing tech support experience over the
holidays yeah I had what can charitably
be described as a cranky uncle come to
me with a tech problem a computer issue
uh-huh see anybody else around so this
promise right yeah see that say so are
you up there where are you I'm not too
far from you you're heading in under
those buildings been down to these where
are you behind you huh I'm mind you I
know where you are okay not that we're
not that far apart you're behind me I
just don't see you on my map at all I
got a fix yeah fix it could you just fix
that my reload button is bringing up my
menu for some reason oh sure I thought
you were I thought you fixed that
already I thought I didn't oh shit
happens so in any case he was having
some problems this was on while we were
on vacation and he was having some
problems with his computer he was having
some Wi-Fi issues and he goes hey I hear
you're you're a technical kind of guy
can you help me figure out my Wi-Fi
issues and I was like well you know I
know I figuring it would just be a
simple software fix like I you didn't
turn it on something like that and I go
through all the normal software
procedures to fix his Wi-Fi problem and
it was nothing you know like I couldn't
find anything software why so I was like
oh well shit so then I said you know
what I got to do I have to do something
a little scary I'm gonna take a look
inside your computer and make sure that
your Wi-Fi card
is acting properly what does fix the
screen size mean what screen what screen
size you have to be more specific than
helix the screen we need to see me and
Jack yeah and so it was a balance
between screen size and what's in the
way and and how big the main screen
should be right like what do you want
changed and also rude I'm right in the
middle of a story
so you know I actually open up his PC
and you know his see his Wi-Fi card and
I and I come up I I devised a plan and
my plan is a very simple one which is
I'm going to unplug it and plug it back
in again but the actual you know the
Wi-Fi card inside the the PC right and
he's very skeptical about this like I
don't know you know he sees the inside
of the PC and he's like you know there
seems that seems like all technical
stuff and I was like hey I've actually
you know I built my own PC and he's like
oh really and so that gave him the
confidence in me there's like the water
dripping sounds over here and I did it I
unplugged the Wi-Fi router plugged it
back in and everything worked like
gangbusters and I felt really good I
have a pistol that's all I have is all
you have oh oh wait and a pan pistol
someone someone picked the wrong spot
you know oh wait no I also have a
shotgun I forgot that I have a shotgun
I'm sorry I have a machete that's all
litter that's all I have that's it get
on it man I have not seen a single
fucking firearm oh my god I still
haven't
the machete no it's like the red I'll
take that oh hello friend I got a break
a fucking pistol fucking a fucking
pistol jack
I'm sorry for your loss but I just found
a great machine gun and backpack so in
any case what the the the fun thing is
is this this is a cranky a cape possibly
take a 47 and and I got to show I got to
show my I got to fix his issue in an
impressive way and I was really excited
about that all because some people I
know encouraged me to build my own PC
you know I don't think I would have had
the the confidence I have a shotgun
choke if you need one yeah I will need a
shotgun choke a horse I picked the pig I
didn't they don't go matter what the
fuck no you not gotta hang it find a
place to like kind of hunker over there
cuz I'm gonna come near you when the
circle starts closing oh yeah crossbow
Oh finally need that Red Bull yo
I've got a backpack you got a backpack a
gas mask oh there you are
I got a shotgun I'll take a shotgun I am
coming to you whatever happened to the
Wi-Fi did you just show me ethernet
cable no there was no Ethernet cable
though what happened with the Wi-Fi has
actually had to like unplug the the
physical Wi-Fi card hooked up to the
motherboard we plug it back in restart
the computer so then the computer or you
know like start it once without the
Wi-Fi board in there and then restart
the computer plug the Wi-Fi board back
in so then the computer would say hey
there's a new piece of hardware do you
want me to find the drivers for that
because somehow through all like through
just dicking around they had uninstalled
the drivers for the Wi-Fi router I have
no idea how that happens alright but so
uh you know unplugging it starting the
restarting the computer so it you know
discovered were you are you going I'm
coming to you okay because the that ways
inside the circle I just I wanted to
meet up with you yeah what are you doing
oh shit thank you jack will help oh shit
if you weren't on the way over there you
weren't all the way over there maybe I'd
be alive I said I told you where we were
going
I thought you were shooting me in the
back I thought you thought I was an
enemy when I heard that first gunfire I
thought that was a jack
that's now you should the woman's or su
both well that's fine all right I got a
lot of nice shit see you're set
great all right spec time with spectate
so we get your audio you can't get my oh
oh yeah I expect it yeah all those
bandages those are nice let's see what
these guys got bandage for save kids I
see it set up so I can't watch your six
you can't watch my six no oh man rich it
would level three best even though it
has some damage I'll take it and a level
two helmet
wow that's nice great what do I need
five take this stuff shotgun choke yeah
okay great well so everybody you just
saw me be a huge badass and I felt
pretty good about that also I am in
desperate need of healing and really
should have been paying attention
I'm also gonna put my other ear button
so I could actually hear it if someone
Nick tries to sneak up on me when you
get a chance we ran a shit about the
password for the stunt thing so I can
read tips okay everything's great
yes everything's adequate everything is
that acquits
except for my playing in this game
that is inadequate we all can't be as
awesome as I am your stereo this is
weird delay turn that work what oh right
there's just like a little bit of a
delay because I'm coming through the
elgato okay okay but you know what like
that's how much the delay is isn't that
crazy like how fast this hd60 is
compared to the old el gato yeah but
that's not game lag that's right that's
not game like just el gato leg
let's see if anyone's plenty o money 45
says hey Richard
Jack hey plenty of money love the strap
the pump G stream on Sunday inspired me
to get the game I'm enjoying it very
very much so thanks for getting me into
a new fun game keep being awesome you
glorious hacks that's nice you know I
think there's a lot I'll see like look
at this look at this look at this
bicycle then you just kind of want to
ride the bike oh shit oh shit I heard a
gunshot
somewhere I don't think it was that me I
think it's that way I don't have
necessarily a good scope I had a
holographic sight ma'am I like the dot
sight better the red dot Richton Jack
ever tried first-person only mode I'd
like it but I don't think Jack is
interested in it I know I like I'm okay
with it I I prefer I that that to me is
a horror game first-person mode the game
is a horror game yeah first first mode
more so because like obviously it just
dramatically reduces your field of view
and and I get I get physically scared
when I play first-person mode just
because people people sneak up on me and
I can't see them and I guess that
happens in this as well but less so but
we can do that if you would like to play
a first-person mode I think wow we can I
can just switch in the first-person it's
not big oh yeah you just do this
whatever you want joke any double one
says haha jack is gonna shoot rich again
hahaha nope I wasn't there to protect
him but also he didn't go where I told
him to go so you know who's really at
fault here
it's aka its rich people sneak up on
rich by walking right up to him to be
fair I have the sound turned down on the
TV so
I can interact with Jack yeah and I'm
not wearing headphones for the game so I
probably just did not hear the footsteps
because I simply can't but that's I I
think that's a necessary evil of
streaming I was I was counting on Jack
to hear people sneaking up on me but
Jack was I don't know where the fuck
Jack was at the drop point I was at the
meet up point man there's someone I'm
not maybe maybe it's just like me but I
am NOT great at pinpointing where people
I'm certainly able to do that without
headphones apparently that's the best
way to do that I don't know oh yeah like
it has like a left-right you know it has
surround sound or whatever but I am
terrible at pinpointing people's
location and I've played with other
people who like they'll hear a shot 80
yards away and know exactly where it is
rich you didn't land in the right drop
zone no I didn't want to search the
exact same house as Jack we're searching
because I checked the sky around this
nobody else is landing in the area I
figured we'd spread out a bit at first
then meet up oh I bet there's people in
there we just didn't meet up soon enough
but there's people where am I looking
behind you but there are people in that
house do you
I keep hearing shots so I'm just gonna
let that oh shit as I just said I was
gonna let that play out a red zone came
so now we're moving play out just not
from there there are there were shots
around me there there are shots near me
shots being fired do too so if we talked
about how the music to this game sounds
exactly like the Avengers theme sounding
almost to a point where it's like just
someone need to fill out a copyright
form like like the Orval like the or
like the Orville does everything sound
like nothing music specifically just
like everything about that Cheryl oh
there's a court panel waiting to happen
with them in CBS yeah Star Trek yeah
maybe the first bomb dropping did scare
the shit out of me because I have no
friends yeah just gonna wait out this
red zone probably going here ish
rich I challenge you to be Pokemon
without dying once I get to see before I
do a no death running on a game I have
to like the game like a no death run is
a commitment yeah to playing the game a
whole lot and learning the ins and outs
and yeah then rich would just have to
like it in general which it's something
I tried it typically try to do with the
games I really like right like I forced
myself to do that shit Ninja Gaiden
notoriously difficult game but I love
the game right but I wanted to do it I
wanted that challenge Jack I'm with you
rich Pokemon that's that's a lot of
commitment for Pokemon that's a lot of
time that's a lot of time and if the
Pokemon or not by a meshing strategy I
got through misty and you know I did i
didn't die once jack and by the way you
did I would love to see how far that
would get you you I mean you came I'd
say well I'll tell you what you were
within the RNG of losing that fyrelizard
I was using yeah
weak to water right yeah and I beat the
water gym you sure did
I have to imagine I'm over the hump for
a while in that game actually maybe yeah
you almost died though on I'm the
pokemon gym leader thing that my Pokemon
was weak - yes
this is not co-op anymore now what I'm
dead
rich rich died like embarrassingly so
I'm just 2 1 1
it's 2 1 1 Jack yeah so was I so you
know what here's the thing Richard I
have wow I have so little opportunity to
smack talk I got wow I have to take it
when I have the opportunity to smack
talk you know this is for me putting
down Pokemon in that kind of yeah
you know what kind of bitter helmet no
there's there's like a math grid for
when you should get rid of your helmets
to already have that and for what is
that version I don't know I don't know I
don't care oh that's what I want that's
what I want I don't want the shotgun no
more fuzzy just is an Uzi really better
than an ak-47 close range um you know
it's Suzie's kind of my oh shit weapon
like it's about to go down
I mean is it better close-range than
something like an ak-47 Oh probably not
all right
but maybe you know if you got if you got
the the and I don't mean in real life I
mean in the game right you know if you
got the drop on someone a close range
yes because many more projectiles all
right I can I can deal with that you can
deal with that yes so like you know when
you're in here
I really feel like I want a better
helmet I gotta get going this is dumb
this is dumb this is dumb I gotta get
going I don't know what I'm doing in
here
get-get how far are you from the far
enough the the lines coming you see that
someone lost track of time Jack yep I
was I I got distracted shit I might make
it
I might not we'll see car would be nice
I got I got very distracted well that
you know what what that would be a
really embarrassing death rich that
would be a very very single oh very
embarrassing death oh no I'm close I'm
close to the line I can make it I can
make it I can make it I did put my gun
away to run faster and now like there's
probably gonna be someone over in that
house right I can make it I can make it
I can make it I can make it
I have helped shit go-go-go-go 21 left
huh 21 left it's a terrible
no no not terrible at all I'll take it
you know what I'll take it
I have so many bandages your character
runs as awkward as Robocop 2014 I don't
remember what Robocop 2014 ran like I
don't remember much about Robocop 2014
yeah who does that person apparently
alright alright here we go here we go
coming up on a small town just small
town girl
oh so understated how important just
jogging animations are in games jogging
and running I remember you were talking
about that with The Witcher 3 just how
dumb he looks yeah it's the thing that
you're all shit yep yep shit okay
someone somewhere I want to stay over
there but we're about to find out
someone is somewhere shooting at me
serpentine serpentine serpentine cuz
because you're you're staring at the run
animations so much yeah
I mean it can't look dumb but I like
like like we talked about during the
Witcher conversations just like people
running kind of looks dumb some games
doesn't though I mean that's quality
animation oh yeah yeah it's like I laugh
every time I saw the Mass Effect 3 derp
sprint
oh I got one of them I got one of them
number nine oh I'll take number that
well we're as a team we were number yeah
yeah so who got me who got me I got
flags yeah look at this oh he was just
waiting in there
and then he goes out and kills that guy
knows that it's oh yeah wait waiting for
his partner to show up all right that's
fair that's fair that's a fair kill fair
kill hey you know what we got that was a
pretty good run for me but you'll do one
more third person then we'll move the
first person wake up did you figure out
your controller thing so you're not a
hitting escape every time you hit reload
yeah fucking campers know that like that
person was playing it really smart just
hanging out in the blue zone that's
that's this game willing to willing to
take a little bit of damage do you need
to get to drop on someone that's a smart
way to play it
but I tell you that is a situation where
without the killcam it would have just
been like who the fuck shot me what
right
what happened right you know and that
that was such a devastating feeling but
now it's like oh he was just hiding
behind there and that's a big
improvement that's a big improvement it
like it makes such a big difference for
such a seemingly small change stop off
jack what Oh coffee
my coffee
no mr. happy life the guy who shot me
was that was in the killcam Akhil cam
you dig you dig
have I seen a ghost story I've you mean
like spooky stories I mean like the the
undead spirit of a story this story
passed on too soon the ghost of mass
effect if there is a movie called ghost
story then no I have not seen it I've
you know
stories that I have seen it's a long
matchmaking
yeah they're referring to the latest
half in the bag
I didn't haven't seen the latest half in
the bag I'm sorry I'm very sorry did you
guys ever kill Jason yes didn't you do
it on streem yeah you did it live on
stream Aaron was unfazed that's right it
was you and Karen I remember that I
remember that it was you and Karen and
you did it the whole team got to get a
new kill Jason and then she started
talking about a book she was reading
what is a ghost story
give me what's the quick rundown why
would I know about it it sounds from now
oh that's right that's the Casey Affleck
who's in an actual bed sheet for the his
ghost story movie yeah sign them I know
of it
where you want to go where you hey I
have yeah this is you you're the moment
experienced in this fucking game again
you know you know a lot more than a lot
more than I have this um you know what
let's see what happens all the way up
there if we go like hereis Aaron
so wait them wait til we get like over
this area okay and then and then drop
out and head over there that might be
just far enough away from the plane
where we'll we'll catch the outskirts
and I think even like underneath it here
there's like a mansion or something but
let's let's aim for like bearish we'll
just see what happens well just see what
happens get ready and go I don't where
are you at I am I'm above you okay
yeah it's maybe head for that that house
cluster right there yeah that one right
if anyone else decided to come this way
what happens if you don't pull a
parachute I think it doesn't
automatically it does as soon as you hit
that white line on the lower left it
pulls it automatically you can pull it
earlier and it gives you a little more
distance if you pull it earlier you can
get further whoa I know I think going
splat should have been an option right
oh we're like yeah like a health health
decrease but you land quicker and you'd
have to you'd have to play that game
I got a nice backpack a gun would be
nice
I got a nice backpack no button to
instantly take things yeah that whatever
the door button is the grab button do
everything button I were we're close ish
to the circle what trance are you in
that house quiver for a crossbow I know
you're fond of bows leaving on the
ground though like I did see a handgun
there but I don't think anyone's near us
and I just never use handguns so why
even why even pick it up you know
there's a ton of backpacks over here if
you need that are there shotgun there we
go I'll fight with a grenade so I wanted
to click on this untaken
why do I have to drag it you have to
drag it I want to just what can I click
on it
well you if you if you just point over
with your mouse and oh you know like in
real in IRL
I have like zero guns I have a grenade
though so this is shotgun in by me okay
oh I just picked up a handgun that I
suppose we'll have to do it's a cool
handgun so I'm gonna be okay with it
I've got a level two helmet you have
them yeah up here
great oh there's a road over here I'm
gonna go check out these other houses
and scope out this road see if there's a
vehicle that we can love a one backpack
pilfer pistol Oh a tommy gun
yeah tommy gun you see any kind of
assault rifle like thing that would be
nice I just took one sorry that's fine
no you probably need one to not upset
about that
if we don't find anything soon ish I
will give you one of my assault rifles
on top cocktail oh yeah I gotta take
them all top house I came from yet is
all right a little bit we got to get
moving so last last sweeps a little bit
we have to find the car as far huh it's
farm no it's not terribly far but a car
will make our lives slightly easier like
we could probably make it but there's
also a Jeep over there so I'm gonna go
get the Jeep you keep you keep up
pilfering okay I'll bring the Jeep to
you you have a shotgun I got a spare
choke no no doo doo doo doo doo doo - -
Black Panther hype is picking up a
little bit yeah
anyone anyone who's like myself into
hip-hop hear the news that Kendrick
Lamar is curating and contributing to
the Black Panther soundtrack this one
there's gonna be a whole there's gonna
be a whole kendrick lamar thing and i'm
very excited about that as he is a very
good artist or yet her yet he's good
with the hip hop's
and that's coming up soon ish I don't
want to run you over who are you I'm the
silly run to stop what was that did you
get it I got on the car
not as good Jeep
okay here we go
what how about they're gonna go up there
yeah it's it's in the circle but it's
distance away from where the plinth line
of where the plane went by sure sir
nitrogen might be unlooted if you check
the map see if there's a bridge I need
to take there then Oh someone shooting
at us
they can't hit us we're in an armored
Jeep SIA sucka ducks ye
check this out
yes doors are closed inside doesn't
necessarily mean anything I think it's
good good and I'm going left you go
right good good breach good breach
there's like little electronic noises
there's a drink they get flashhider
helmets is what I'm interested in that's
nothing that's nothing that's nothing
oh hey hey helmets level - I'll take
pistol 9-millimeter ammo and then yeah
if we can get a like a scope we will be
will be shotgun you need a shotgun and
I'm done and a helmet not a good one but
I hung up or I already got a hell up but
thank you okay mm-hmm lots of shotguns
oh car coming we're at my coming here
coming yep
yeah it's showing up right now
where are you at I'm in this kitchen you
see anything else out there it could
have just been one could have been I'm
not seeing anything jumps out and we're
gonna see if I can jump out the window
what's he got what's he got did you pick
up his loot no I did not pick up his
loot all right I think I think it's the
one shit ton of bandages and painkillers
I got a 4x scope oh there we go that's
what we need
I got a red dot scope I got holographic
sights drop the 4x go yeah um I'll take
the energy drink 4x scope all right drop
the 4x scope it's right here Pam how are
you um bandages whatnot my god I got a
shit-ton now I'm good you're good yep
I'm good yeah oh there we go now we can
now we can cause some damage see if
there's any is still use better fucking
weapon let's check this other house yeah
there's blue one here yeah a suppressor
for my handgun
we got here we go more pistols
great quick quick draw mag another
shotgun I hear another car shit
I tell me if you see anything yeah
there's people out there in the distance
okay which way west I can't see the damn
numbers like one eighty five two of them
okay oh I see their Jeep do you still
see them no I think they're crouched out
there somewhere you think I think many
things I know few okay you think they're
gonna come back for their Jeep is the
question I think they're waiting in
ambush for us to go to the Jeep I think
that's our Jeep no our Jeep is over here
you're just getting go away oh we could
I don't have anything good for
long-range yeah I don't see him all
right yeah let's get in our Jeep and go
away our Jeep is north yeah wait this is
Jeep Beckerman yeah yeah
ready yeah just get the fuck out of here
yep
ie
we're going around you motherfuckers
unless he want to try to run them over
no I mean we can I try to write them all
I absolutely do not fucking want that
okay until the bomb wait how about those
houses over there let's sit over there
where this is great houses
I mean we could that's not inside the
circle oh we got a ways to go
oh yeah whiz ish all right you're right
you're right I could use something
that's not close range I'm with you man
see if we can find those fucks and shoot
at him from far away with what I'm with
mine oh you uh have enough for that fork
scope I'm just waiting for that bomb
zone to get done with
come on bomb zone be done bombing
already say you yes ma'am okay I heard
footsteps may have heard footsteps
that's fine
we got time we're gonna wait for those
bombs to stop and then we're gonna head
right through there all right all right
maybe like you know and then and then we
just got to play it by ear at this point
because it's it's getting down there
we're under fifty I think the red zones
gone it's gone great let's do it nope
excuse you there we go
don't want to go through the school
would do lucky no I know we have a very
nice armored vehicle here let's not mess
it up
go go go go
gogo and not near the house around the
house
running over there
excuse me rock little shed chapters
don't drive through every bush
anticipating that somebody is hiding
yeah oh there's the house or something
over here big house up there yeah let's
go check that out
nope somebody's there
shit
they're more scared of us than we are of
them you see that guy over there
don't want to be over there yet Oh maybe
these houses
yeah I mean we got it we got to get into
it at some point you know yeah huh good
nice and I could heal while in the car
do you need it
wait number I can't there might be
people here there might be people here
all right
oh there's an automatic shotgun anyone
know ton of shotgun ammo no one wants to
have a shotgun oh shit
the blue is closing
oh let's call the wrong damn way this
way yeah I know I know
I don't know oh hang out here see who we
can pick off as they come by if
anybody's hanging out in these houses
okay where are we going where are we
where are we oh oh shit how do we get
over there okay that's fine we're gonna
do we need to get the Carm book it um no
we have two minutes we have two minutes
to book it so we're gonna just gonna
play it cool see who shows up I don't
think anyone's gonna show up from but
from the blue circle which is nice but
what I'm thinking the plan should be is
us to head up to that cliffy area there
where we have right freaking out right
we're like way over there see maybe we
should at least get here we're okay it's
probably gonna be a fire fight there but
sure do you need to heal like have an
energy drink or something just to make
sure you're at a hundred percent get to
a hundred percent man get to it all
right let's go okay
let's go
33 alive 32 alive I'm riding on the
beach motherfucker
you have two shotguns
pan you want that pan yeah probably
Oh another pan do I already have a pan I
already have a pan we are just on the
outside hello painkillers you know what
let's uh I have a zillion energy drinks
I'm gonna take an energy drink we got
break real quick okay great
we're gonna take that and pestles and
shotguns we're gonna take 12 gauge ammo
all right we got to get moving again my
phone huh I think I'm full you might be
hey way to get moving I'm on my way boy
where's the egress 3 we're this way to
the egress this way to the ok
we're very close but I want to I want to
get someplace a little more secure okay
as we're getting down we're getting down
to it
see if we can get up on that Club
but things are my god nothing goes on
this gun right this is go let's go that
goes
I'll shoot him back outside the circle
let's plan well we're gonna hang here
for a second we got water on one side
and we have you know this big-ass Rock
is cover on the other so we're just
gonna hang out that's my that's all the
plan I got my friend all right and we're
just gonna see if anybody's hanging out
in those houses right there and we're
just gonna we've been doing a pretty
decent job hanging on the outside we're
just kind of what you want yeah so let's
just keep doing that
wasn't dropping something yeah perfect I
bet this house is that's perfect because
we don't need it we're just gonna kill
the people in it we can probably run
let's run not not make too much noise
for ourselves keep an eye out
this rock is cover and then we're gonna
see who goes for that motherfucker and
then we're gonna shoot their asses
that's my plan that is my entire plan
just hope there's a person over here
we're over there 55 behind rocks
yeah like right where you threw that
smoke I didn't throw that's oh there by
the smoke there by the smoke I'm
flanking jack
huh I'm gonna get behind him
shit I'm getting hit from something stay
behind that tree
there's people at 250
I'm over here somewhere shit there's a
guy over here somewhere
do my best to meet up with you so we're
at least a team here
damn it well there was a guy he probably
just crawled past us
I'm coming to you I'm coming to you oh
shit I got I got shot him down I don't
know there was oh he was he was right
behind you look at the death cam oh he
was right behind you
hey hey 13th 13th not bad not bad at all
I'm gonna call it you know we're still
warming up but ah that's great rich
right click to pick up in inventories
okay okay

[Part II]
right click to pick up in inventories
okay okay
rich tried to fart on him you know rich
was a which was dropping he was trying
man he was he's doing it
service time we might be done
this sucks Oh 4.2 gigabyte update for
pubsey and for our maintenance fee
period well what's the plan shit man we
have two computers hooked up we'd have
two computers hooked up that is true we
better take advantage of this our
options are well we could check out that
fortnight you guys you guys could could
check out my glorious screen here this
is the screen I have at home
very minimal its finery minimus I don't
like looking at pretty things a
fortnight we can do rocket League that's
multiplayer or I'm completely on a
fucking practice sure or Friday the 13th
oh sure
overwatch and/or rocket League and/or
Friday the 13th with chat right Friday
13th
we're guy I'm seeing a lot of Friday the
13th I'm seeing rocket rocket I'm seeing
secrets agents you know what's up rocket
League rocket League Friday 13th
fortnight 400 what are you in the mood
for I you know I don't even like I like
I said I I didn't think you would be in
the mood we're doing shooty stuff
already fortnight might be too big of a
download let's once for you to do that
right now let's check it out
you know check it out you know it's not
in steam you have to get the you have to
get the epics game launcher I have a
say-so like while you download I could
play a couple fortnight games if I even
remember how to play you need the epics
game launcher it looks like this for
those who can see my screen
update required well I got I download an
update
I got a download an update rich all
right great another games store from yes
another games the storefront but to be
fair fortnight is free it is a free game
and the game store is also free you know
like Steam and so fortnight's
freeze-thaw so been do I remember my
password can you make it so they can't
see my screen for a moment
I haven't unseen one perfect well I
should take care of the perfect do I
have a keyboard is the next question I
do but it's way over there how do you
get virtual keyboard of them click on
the Start menu the the gear icon yeah I
think and use of access yeah that's good
my virtual keyboard in that left yeah
that way that way I don't have to reach
all the way over there which frankly is
just too much and they're not seeing my
screen I don't believe they are great
that's it is this my password
that's not my password
how about is my password probably gonna
need both registers some got a fucking
account yep hey that's my password I
found my password great great it's an
interesting game the fortnight I
actually don't know if we can play co-op
or if we're gonna be you know in two
different areas but that's fine it's
it's different you know it's not the
worst please wait well this is gonna
take like a really long time we'll just
play something else absolutely and it
might because it's a big game so I have
no idea how long the password Packard
rules for its money
where was it Jack where was what what
are you talking about well you see we
talked about what's going on there is
duel there is do oh great okay I mean
I'm just installing an update and it's
gonna take for fucking ever how long is
forever
it doesn't say well okay what's our
other back-up plan Friday 13th or rocket
League okay if I have friend 13th
installed because I am notorious for
just getting rid of shit that I am
currently not playing I do have rocket
League installed I know that Friday 13th
ah he's so ill-prepared for rocket
League right now jack all right well the
Nama khalil prepared then I will work on
installing Friday the 13th which can be
done in a reasonable amount of time I'm
in a shooting mindset right this moment
sure and I haven't played rocket League
no problem no hey no problem let's do
Friday I mean it's Friday 13th isn't
necessarily shooty but it's kind of
shooting let me get through a point
where I can see maybe how long it might
potentially take to download an update
okay or install actually watch this
launch that another fucking game
launching front bullshit yeah it's it's
a little much I'll be honest with you
it's irritating well they have Shadow
Complex that's nice that's a good game
Shadow Complex that's a good
Metroidvania all right here we're not
leaving but I'm
wait we're not going away we're not
going away I don't want to make sure we
know I'm gonna sign up for a stupid
fucking account here I'm gonna be typing
in shit I don't know what's gonna be
seriously our tips working yes they are
hold on while rich is doing that I will
check on sir
and I'm rich rich forgot that when he
went over to the end screen it muted us
I yeah yeah all right oh my god how many
versions of this are hung for fuck's
sake
what the United States my name is what's
my name
fuck last name you asshole
um display name epic game sucks let's
see here glad vici I wanted to tip and
say one day I will make lots and lots of
money and I will be able to tip more
paying you guys back for the awesome
seven years you and our LM have given to
me thank you glad VG we'd really
appreciate it we do what we can
we love what we do fuck us how you're
gonna have to remember that I'm gonna
use this once yeah
oh you have to agree that display name
is already in use what you can't do it
sorry somebody's stealing my identity J
yep
someone just uh someone opened up a
credit card under the name charred
somebody's trying to pretend to be me on
Epic Games oh hey it's me rich Evans
what did you miss gobbledygook we got us
probably a good solid hour of pub G we
got two pub G plays through maybe three
no just two we only get two we had two
Pub G rounds and both we lost but some
farms had some fun was had what we lost
you know well I just I would didn't want
them to think like hey we got you know
we got that chicken dinner
let's see what happens here let's see
how long this is gonna take I'm gonna
ask me to confirm the email that's so
weird
maybe before you play it will it's weird
it is but oh that's true gobbledygook
see you midst riches you know fairly
humorous death in which he attempted to
sit on someone it's pretty great
they need a game recommendation
something that is free for the Fox what
please wait' rich I'm waiting a please
wait oh no it's not over we're still
here Oh Rick you can probably click us
back now yeah I mean you think it's safe
maybe we're just installing everything
weird we're now we are now downloading
three games and streaming rich I'm
getting a message that says please wait
please wait yeah install failed okay so
Friday the 13th great Friday the 13th
unless ii delete let me let me let me
lead something listen my epic my inst my
my installing the patch is only at 10%
we got a do friend over 13 oh wait is it
where's it trying to install it that's
probably why you know you might want to
turn it out for that then right turn off
your screen yeah fine we're fine where's
the epic game launcher oh god all this
horseshit it's a lot of horseshit it's a
lot of horseshit we're using all the
internets right now yes we're using
every one of the internets
what are you downloading oh you're
downloading the pub key shit oh my god
and we're downloading the pub G update
well cancel that and pause that yeah we
don't need that
am i downloading that too I am
oh dude dead cells get an update when
did you get an update dead cells
supposedly there's gonna be four hours
of server maintenance for pub G you know
it's one of those things where when we
were deciding what to play tonight rich
said hey I'm actually really in the mood
for pub G surprisingly bring your PC
let's make it happen
yeah and neither of us thought to like
check if the servers were down for
literally the exact four hours that we
strove what the fuck is up with that
right I mean Jesus how long's your
install taking I'm only at 13% and this
is just an update I have it down are you
still downloading the Friday no Friday
13th
oh I'm downloading Friday 13th which is
only at 20 minutes so you can play a
round or two a Friday 13th of all I
downloaded okay let's do that
I'm gonna cancel me can I change where
the fuck you try to download this stupid
thing ah via reticle II yes
theoretically not practically it's not
giving me an option for that what if you
click on the gearbox nothing for the
location settings and it's not in here
you know what then rich fuck it that's
what I'm gonna say you're trying to
download it to my tiny a solid-state
drive which is why you don't have room
jackass fuck it oh yeah I was gonna
check on the dead cells news oh yeah get
fuck everyone one other thought get out
what's on your phone
left for dead oh shit dog now you're
talking but that's gonna take a little
bit to download
everything's gonna take a little bit the
demo is just this life man fuck man now
you're talking what do you got look for
dead 1 or 2 go to your library I know if
I have any of them honestly which is
good which is better yeah yeah one don't
you minute you don't know you don't have
either huh I don't good multiplayer like
ever okay go get left for dead which one
motor to watch which is better
start from the beginning we'll get one
left for dead left for dead who has
everything when it the chat seems like
two I'm just gonna get so far you get
two I don't care about left for dead
continuity okay that's gonna take even
longer all right well we could play a
round of Friday the 13th or or a rocket
League when we're waiting for that it'll
be fine
I'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all right so now I want to actually
remove Friday the 13th from my queue
because now we're just doing left for
dead they can't see that great Oh
actually no never mind it's not gonna
take as long as I thought you know steam
always gives you that estimate that
first estimate of like you know it's
gonna take 18 hours yep do it and you're
getting left 4 dead 2 yeah great so you
know in the meantime in approximately
the 25 minutes it's gonna take to
install we just think of shit to talk
about
yeah so and that's gonna be okay that's
gonna be okay they're rich put that away
why don't you put us back on the camera
oh wait I just wanna make sure
everything's downloading before I go
back absolutely you do you man you do
you do doo doo doo Mahna Mahna yeah get
out of here I don't want you anymore
great oh yeah it's it's left 4 dead 2 is
only gonna take about 25 minutes to
download okay for me hopefully you know
it'll be somewhat similar to you
probably okay yeah we're gonna turn us
back on uh are you downloading
why aren't you downloading why are you
downloading the beta beta left 4 dead 2
what the fuck what the fuck what the
fuck indeed it's still preparing it look
at that
so maybe the beta is just what it's
preparing Oh jack
so nice and mods for free a rich has a
bunch of dude mobs already epic Jason
what a designer you can send your mods
i've got 4 z doom original doom just
wait
well they can't see this anyway right
and if you put us back on I just don't
want that end screen to be hanging out
there and then why don't you turn me off
but as we're downloading turn my
computer off great and then we'll just
jibber we'll just jibber as we wait rich
you you jibber algebra I'll play
something great you play something so
let's see here have you guys from Andre
s Silva have you guys ever played
gravity rush to or personna 5 for the
ps4 hey JRPGs so I've never played
persona you probably would not be a fan
of persona 5 yeah I played a little bit
of the first Gravity Rush not much maybe
an hour maybe an hour and I wasn't
terribly into it so no I have not played
either that or gravity Roach - and
neither personified
oh wait wait it's finally doing
something allocating disk space it's
finally doing something
right pair sauna right at the 13th have
everyone try to grow vegetables indoors
no but I've been thinking about getting
a chicken I kind of want a chicken
wrench yeah
Pub geez really raining on my parade
tonight I'm really sorry you know we
were getting we were just getting into
the flow the pub G flow yeah that's too
bad man well that can't be that can't be
accurate what eight hours nine hours two
minutes
akise going on here's the thing man I
think you got to stop playing Friday the
13th because then we're streaming you're
downloading and you're playing an online
game all right I think we just got a
jibber for a bit all right that's what
I'm gonna say that might not be what you
want to hear yeah it might be right
what's with the beta I don't know moves
left 4 dead 2 backup in there I get one
that keeps going back down why does the
bait I don't think do I have the beta
left 4 dead yeah like I don't have the
beta installed you don't need it
installed
so how about that Star Wars how does one
play with you all that's a great
question I actually don't know how the
left 4 dead 2 multiplayer works so we
will find out how one plays with us I
mean it looks like I'm getting an
absolutely terrible speed well what are
you getting you're getting he's going up
you're only getting you're only getting
a hundred kilobytes per second where I'm
at 4.5 megabytes per second why that's a
great question why I mean you are also
streaming from that computer and I'm
also downloading here we've downloaded
shit while we stream before it wasn't
terrible
double-check your download settings and
just make sure that you don't have like
a steam settings downloads I assume
limit bandwidth - no no limit okay
No Limit soldier oh wait wait wait go
back to that actually it said something
it's a throttled downloads while
streaming that probably means while
streaming off steam but a just in case
just in case and actually your bubbles
going down no you're going up well the
time it's going down yeah the time is
going down you're you are now 700
kilobytes per second six hundred
kilobytes per second okay did something
great I am and it's me I'm hogging all
the bandwidth because I started
downloading firsts because that's how
that works
it's still at hours though it is still
at hours I don't know how viable this is
rich we had a plan and pub G ruined in
the end I know they did I got these
Computers here we're all set up to do
something together yep yep can we at
least the exciting download action now
because who knows what we want to do
with our computer ok so what can we talk
about we can talk about stuff and things
I think we needed a plan I honestly
think we need a new plan well we're at
six hours supposedly for this left4dead
download yeah uh-huh
seven gigabytes it's so weird uh-huh
there's several online games I can play
you know y'all want to play some Team
Fortress 2 with me I'll go to your
download queue just to see if this how
that happened and hit the X on the left
4 dead 2 beta just and if the X I'm bad
- well that's not coming in that's bad
well it's back in it's back up top well
you just put it on top and wants to
download that beta so I hit that X again
it'll come back huh okay it'll come back
watch see well no no I hit the X
yeah it's fine it's fine everything's
fine
no it's not fine it's fine five hours 56
minutes okay great then we just got to
talk for five hours and 56 minutes I
don't think that's gonna be a thing it's
not gonna last night we need we need a
new plan let's see what we got here
let's make the plan a chat I did not
watch the recent mirror episode of Star
Trek discovery because I legitimately
canceled my subscription to CBS all
access because I don't care enough about
Star Trek discovery to continue watching
it at this moment mm-hmm and neither did
I I did not watch the new episode of
Star Trek because I also didn't yeah I
was explaining to Lisa your your your
theory okay the thing you were talking
about last time that videos up Oh Mike's
theory oh yeah Mike and was that in the
video did you watch it I think it's in
the video okay so we can we can freely
talk about it yeah Mike had this theory
that at the end of Star Trek discovery
at the end of the mid-season break they
ended up teleporting someplace unknown
and rich was explaining to me Mike's
theory that maybe that was the mirror
universe and I I brought this up to Lisa
who watched the entire first half of the
season with me and I said oh hey I was
talking to rich and he had this really
interesting theory about the mirror
universe and she's like what and I said
oh remember do you remember at the end
of Star Trek discovery how how they they
tell him one last teleport got in it and
she's like I don't remember that and
like Lisa and I love Star Trek and were
big sci-fi fans and she's like she has
most of that show has removed itself
from her head yeah yeah okay and and so
I was I was like do you want to get
another free trial and watch more maybe
when the season's over we'll binge it
again but it's just one of those was it
Mike's theory that they teleported out
of the mirror universe and into the ring
right which is a really interesting
theory but I don't care enough to see if
it's true
yes myk's myk's theories that we're
seeing kind of the beginnings of the
evilness of the mirror universe like
like the mirror universe was the normal
Federation but then something happens
right and it turns into the the weird
evil imperial system we saw in the
mirror universe which would make sense
given how militaristic the Star Trek
Discovery has been yes so like oh that
would kind of make sense but then that
would almost like shit on the first half
of the first season entirely to be like
these were the bad guys let's see if
they can be the good-good like you get
the season four and it's emperor lark up
right uses a spore drive technology to
essentially you know eliminate the
powers that there are in the Federation
and take over and yeah yeah I think
that's really fascinating I just I have
to echo rich here where it's just I
don't care I don't care about anyone on
that ship I don't care about the ship
itself I thought like the idea of the
spore drive was an interesting thing
sci-fi II thing but you know that's more
like what first x-men it's nice that
that to me like the spore drive is a is
a maybe a two-parter episode of a Star
Trek so they explain why everyone has a
goatee in the mirror verse okay it was
only Spock had the goatee and there was
a very specific reason they gave evil
Spock a goatee it's because there's an
audience member watching Star Trek in
1960 and you're not your name
familiar with the concept of alternate
dimensions right they needed to show
that this was not the Spock we know and
they needed to do it in a quick and easy
manner and yes hey he's got a goatee
that's weird and then that Clues you in
that this isn't our normal Spock yes
added bonus if you also put a big scar
on his face like like the uniform
differences somebody could miss that
yeah but Spock walks in with a goatee
well that's weird that's what's going on
with spot I know what a Spock looks like
and that doesn't look like one right and
it's something I didn't know is that
invented the goatee is the evil one
trope yep which i think is hilarious I
love that I love that that's where that
came from
oh these are evil one and technically I
don't I don't mean to be a nitpicker
here but I believe what Scott what's
evil Spock had is not a goatee mm-hmm
it's a VanDyke yeah yeah a goatee
just a bit is just the bottom on the
chin the Van Dyke is when they mustache
it connects to the chin so I don't want
to get like he's super nit picky because
everyone just calls it a goatee you've
succeeded huh you've succeeded I guess
what I'm saying is like I like what I
basically want to say is I'm correct but
I'm also trying to be humble about it
aye aye aye I understand that I'm just
super humble about me being right all
the time that's what I'm trying to say
that's right and plink it's a review of
episode 1 you can see Jack from the
mirror universe because I have hair and
a beard that's true so what does shaggy
from scooby-doo have well it's just that
his chin so he has a goatee that's what
a goatee is yeah and actually shaggy
depending on the angle he might only
have like a soul patch right or does he
have the full goatee I'm not sure thanks
big Bush great did you I have not read
the Waterworld comics yeah I don't want
the Waterworld comics in my mind are so
beautiful that I don't want to read them
and be disappointed but also for as a
Christmas gift she did give me as she
found a Waterworld t-shirt so keep it
keep an eye out for the next best of the
worst that I'm on I'm gonna have a
Waterworld t-shirt so are what's what's
the consensus are we waiting an hour
from left 4 dead 2 that's a great
question
rich let's uh let's just get through the
tips first and then we'll know got a
good decision here let's see here ima
420 are says I just finished off to be
the wizard the first in magic 2.0 series
that's cute book heard about it on some
older prereq stream great book can't
wait for the rest well there you go
second ones decent I haven't gotten
around to the other books yet though so
the the magic 2.0 is a universe it's a
few of them there's like four maybe five
by now I'm not sure okay that's cool I
currently I've given up on Oryx and
Crake as you guys know I've been trying
to find a couple of new things and I
finally decided to listen to the next
audiobook in the Dirk Gently series and
so I'm currently listening to long dark
teatime of the soul
once again narrated by
Douglas Adams's yeah I don't know I
almost forgot his name for a second
once again narrated by Douglas Adams and
it has been a joy it's like six and a
half hours of a lovely British man
doesn't rich have a single-player game
we could we got it we got to talk about
this yeah
I'm it's a waste we've we've got a set
up here where Jack brought his computer
in yeah just so we could play co-op pub
Jean that's a whole thing it's all
there's a whole thing that happened on
computer and so we're trying to make it
work but we have at least 40 minutes
until it works and so we're just seeing
we're just you know we're taking our
taki time now yeah
taking the talk of time see if that
timer magically goes down I'm gonna
fluctuates right now we're at 38 right
so we'll get there mr. butch we stopped
playing pub G because they are doing
server maintenance so we stopped playing
pub G because we can't though to be
frank we were just getting in the groove
we got two games in and we were getting
in the groove fuck my walk yeah it was
terrible timing on our part and their
part so there you go let's see here rich
yes says anonymous loved the Star Trek
discovery review more importantly they
say love the STD review yeah so do get
it what are your thoughts on Star Trek 3
it has all these iconic moments but the
plot is nuts
why does Vulcan mysticism exist ain't
there that's always been made to be
logic and science well they they hand
that and handle it a little bit in the
original series with the amok time
episode whole mating ceremony thing and
the ritualistic combat it's so it's kind
of Vulcan mysticism has always been
there sure yeah it's a it's a
contradiction in my bark sure
which one it was which was three again
other Klingons blow planet let me know
throughout a planet that's going to blow
up and they killed Kirk son and and
Spock comes back from the dead because
it's the Genesis planet from the end of
Star Trek to oh it's the search for
Spock the search for Spock is what
everyone wanders around a planet and
then Spock just goes back to life and
then some Klingons killed Kirk's son I
don't know why and then they'll leave
after Kirk steals a spaceship okay
alright I I haven't that's it's probably
been the longest since I've seen that
one it's it doesn't that sound like a
fun movie to watch yeah at the time it
was the worst thing but Star Trek said
somebody lows since then sure five the
next gen movies you know in the darkness
oh man into darkness sucked so hard so
hard it was a former low point though
remember when this was the lowest we
thought Star Trek could sink was
probably always Spock's brain the
original series episode where people
steal Spock's brain about what race
literally steals Spock's brain so it can
run their supercomputer Society and is
it a brain in a jar its brain like a
machine okay and so they need to give
Spock his brain back and it takes Spock
with and they're kind of like piloting
Spock's body with like a remote control
that sounds like the most fun episode
ever
it's for the SH luckiest things they did
yes they're controlling Spock's body
with rowing a big joystick
that's great
that's beautiful let's see here
Gustave Courbet low for Cheney says
thank you for the content hoping you
play left 4 dead and sit on some zombies
hopefully somewhere hopefully someone
has you all clips riches epic Def Jam
we're up to 58 minutes on the left for
dead to download but I'm down to 16
because if mine gets done downloaded
there's more bandwidth for you how big
is it 7.5 gigabytes
do we have a flash drive that's at least
8 do you think that'll work I think yes
I like I like the cut I like the cutting
of them jibs yeah exactly
or else I'll just start playing in the
bridge it's very possible in my backpack
right here ok
so you get then on flash drive
no I'll cancel this download wait don't
cancel because I don't know if I have
one I usually carry a spare flash drive
with me but this is a new backpack so I
might not have one in here but flash
drive doesn't make it faster what do you
well no well that's download is almost
done so rather than waiting an hour for
mind download when Jack is done we plug
in the little USB Drive move it from
drag Jack's hard drive make copy
directly under the flash and then load
that into my computer rather than
waiting for this because the transfer
speeds on the flash drive will be faster
than the download speeds is the theory
but we need to see if we can find a
flash drive first
right that's right over there I don't
know how big their back this summer
there you go there's some over there
don't can't tell you your download
though we are on the same land together
I don't see how that would help plug
this into a laptop first if there's
anything on there it's probably nothing
what is that on there I might have used
that as a installed flash in which I
don't really need anymore
I'm with you and if I need it I can make
another one so the other one might be
blank they'll flat out blank it's one
half dozen or the other right not that
one let's try the other one
pink polka pink right oh yeah there's a
bunch of shit on this one nope both of
them are seven gigs okay and we need
seven
oh that yeah that and that could do it
what's that one we act we have a ton of
thunder oh this one is a hundred and
twenty eight gigs is it I'm going to
assume that's gonna work any interest in
overwatch League yeah I'll probably
catch a few matches I will probably
catch a few matches it's always fun to
watch awesome games done quick is going
on that's I've been watching a little
bit of that I've been listening to that
while I've been grinding out some of the
Dead Rising unlockable shit oh yeah did
the zombie genocide err but the what all
right in the beginning of the game they
they they kind of in dialogue or you see
a sign it says what the population of
the town the game takes place in is okay
and zombie genocide er is when you kill
that many zombies kill zombies totaling
the population of the town sure and that
unlocks you know the Mega Buster in that
game where shoots out the tennis balls
oh yeah it unlocks a real version of
that that shoots out destructive beams
of energy that decimate bosses of course
yeah that's really funny yeah that's
very very funny there was a game I think
left for dead I think the first one has
an achievement zombie genocide err err
and it's one higher if it's left for
dead it's another zombie game but I
think it's left for dead oh that's great
alright don't cancel your download
because another thing people keep saying
is we can do this via our land
which actually might be a faster
transfer speed than the USB to networks
and passwords probably easier just to do
it so I'm just gonna because we're just
gonna download anyway let me just see if
I can figure that out
did you see Mario io AI playing Mario
yeah I did it's kind of underwhelming
it's a stream going on yeah right now of
this artificial intelligence that's
basically learning how to play Super
Mario Brothers from scratch really
through trial and error is just hitting
every wallet again yeah until it finds
the correct really slow and learning
what's you know it's gonna be great
is watching the time-lapse of that when
it's all done you know world one two
alone took it like 15 days really watch
the time-lapse of it doing all the
failings I'd love to see a chart yeah I
think they're currently at like seven
days and it's trying to get through four
one three
there you go
okay great
can I see your mouse can I see your
mouse please thank you you know if
you're doing networks
we're still here
and there we go
there we go rich alright this will work
alright alright go ahead bring us back
bring us back rich we're back alright we
can we can transfer via network we're
living in the future
are you sure how long is that gonna take
though I think that's shorter alright I
think but I mean really we're talking
we're talking minutes at this point
we're saving us minutes because mine
keeps fluctuating you remember back when
I said I was at 16 minutes I'm now it's
17 minutes so we're fluctuating we're
getting there
we're getting there though fucking pub G
we hit fucking pub G rich the best laid
plans of mice and men often play time
and by the time we get the switchover
you could have you could have gotten an
hour of play time in so I'm very sorry
it's alright it's alright it's okay
let's see here let's see those
Anonymous's love the stream question for
rich yeah did you like Rainn Wilson as
mud his main episode was pretty fun and
the most Star Trek EE IMO yeah Rainn
Wilson was a good everybod yeah the
ending of that was just like a whiplash
though because this Harry Mudd it's kind
of homicidal yeah and he's been
murdering the crew over and over again
because of the time repeat thing yeah
yeah
none of the end they just haha we were
given back to his ex-wife ha ha ha that
silly it so didn't fit it was jarring
yes yeah it was they plugged their
characters into an already written Star
Trek episode and it didn't quite feel
right but that was a very Star Trek II
episode a weird space-time anomaly that
we have to use yeah it was better when T
and G did it yeah
and they went more like like
step-by-step how they figured things out
in the in the Harry Mudd
episode of Discovery they just they
established that there was a time lady
we're just gonna head we don't need to
see all the steps yeah and and that was
the best episode of Star Trek discovery
so here we are you know there were there
were a couple neat ideas in there what I
you know it what it felt like I thought
was the first season nine episodes or
the Hat first half of the season was
nine episodes and it felt like there
were four good TNG episode somewhere
spread out in those nine episodes
discovering oh really
you know like I liked you know they go
down to the planet that has the little
transmitter like over there that was
like a neat alien planet thingy tip
typically in TNG you care if characters
live or die sure even guest stars if any
cast member of Discovery were killed off
would you bat an eye
would you would you care no yeah epic
Jason we don't we don't need any do mods
but thank you
no no I'm familiar with the concept of
do mods but thank you we appreciate it I
have some yeah you played before no I
don't care about it well that's what I'm
saying is the premises of the episode of
the Star Trek Discovery episodes there
were some good premises in there but I
agree with you that I don't care about
the characters
also the handsome pilot that they rescue
he has no chin pilot or the handsome
officer security security officer the
handsome security officer who he has no
chin and it's very bothering to me I'm
very very bothering I said in the review
discussion with Mike that he's he's
gonna die before the end of the season
because he's such a blatant just love
interest for Michael and he has no
character of his own so I called him
dying before the end of the season I was
reading comments I think I think
somebody nailed it what his deal is he's
that one Klingon guy surgically altered
maybe with his memories fuss with
remember the torchbearer guy that female
Klingon was in do but she said this
other guys taking over we got to do
something with you cuz they're gonna
kill you I think it was surgically
turning into that guy for some reason
because that's that that's the prisoner
she was sleeping with and the
torchbearer she was in love with him oh
sure
so the reveals gonna be that he's the
Klingon guy sure that's not bad
yeah it's not bad that's not a bad
that's not a bad theory the the Klingon
plot isn't doing anything for me anyway
right
so lame a lot of things about the show
are lame we have not seen neither I
wasn't lying in the review when I said I
canceled my CBS all access I don't give
a shit about the show right
they failed in my eyes to get me
interested nine episodes should be
enough I love how it still says playing
pub G in the bottom left well we tried
we tried I watched the first maybe four
episodes of Orville and it wasn't
necessarily my thing I hear it gets
better it gets better and I hear they're
going even sci-fi ear in the next season
mm-hmm I hate looking at Seth MacFarland
I hate it yeah but you know it wasn't
bad I think I might have enjoyed that a
little more than discovery mm-hmm but
because I got i binge discovery like
I've watched all episodes where as Orval
I was watching as they came out so I
kind of teetered off but you know can i
gift you a CBS subscription well you you
could but you see the reason I cancelled
it is because I don't care to watch more
discovery so you could gift it to rich
but he probably won't use it like if
mike wants to talk about it some more at
some point if if there happens I'll
binge it when the seasons done probably
yeah and well that's the way to do it
just wait so the seasons on get get your
one week free trial and binge it I'm
gonna cancel I'm not dying to keep
current on the show right right none of
the first nine episodes of TNG were any
good to be honest yeah that's true
that's true but at least it felt like it
was trying to be Star Trek and it didn't
feel like it hated the very concept of
Star Trek III even came into the end
Jason I am convinced that the producer
or producers of the show will just that
and I got this Star Trek license we
gotta do something with that oh god I
hate Star Trek hey you know what let's
fix it
you you think it was the Zack Snyder
situation yeah Zack Snyder has openly
said he hates Superman
I think they hated Star Trek this is
their there's no shame because in their
mind they're fixing it and that just
makes me that much sicker
I don't know if I can fix this Star Trek
oh god I don't know if I got that vibe I
don't know if I'm down with that vibe
but yeah this game is great we're really
enjoying the download game you got seven
minutes left I got all I got 21 minutes
left
we're getting there we are getting there
we're probably only gonna get like an
hour of left 4 dead 2 in we could just
say the hell with it and do something
else and then we can do thing will you
bring your computer and some of it sorry
I can bring in my computer understand
but we're almost there rich we just need
about 20 more minutes of gibbering about
Star Trek well here we have some tips
some of them ima for 20 ours has got to
share this story
I stole long dark teatime of the soul
from jail I was there for paternity
tests cop asked me cop asked me why I
had it when I left and I told him I
hadn't finished it yet you stole
something from jail that's crazy
some crash between balls and stupidity
right though that is very that's very
much something that Dirk Gently would do
is just take a book because he thought
he should have it so far like I'm about
halfway through the audiobook for it and
so far it is just lovely I'm really
enjoying him for no other reason than
just getting to listen to Douglas Adams
tell me tell me his story fanciful
British man tell me a story so I had to
stop at the other day I was listening to
it while getting some like folding
laundry or something and and and my my
nine-year-old comes in and nobody listen
to it oh it's that audio book someone
just tells your story well that sounds
mean can I listen sure go ahead
and a spoiler alert for long dark
teatime of the soul but Thor and Odin
are in it and so he's talking about Thor
and what Thor is up to and my
nine-year-old is like whoa is this an
Avengers book yeah I know it's the Thor
is this
how do I explain oh god how do I explain
who Thoris and Thor is just this you
know old character he's in a lot of
books this isn't the same Thor or maybe
it is and that's how I get him to read
these books I am a for 20 hours cigar oh
here's the rest of his story guard
shushed me and told me to put it in my
pocket
he helped me commit a crime so you're
there for a paternity test and he's take
a book and I haven't finished this yet
and he's like yeah go ahead go ahead
take it that's great and I'm glad to
hear you are no deadbeat dad as well
that's really funny Norse mythology is a
good listen does Neil Gaiman does Neil
Gaiman uh read that because I believe it
I would believe it crazy Nate 999 says
rich yeah how about a Dead Rising 2 mod
were these zombies 'as bodies don't
disappear after you take them out just a
mess of slaughtered zombie bodies
everywhere that accumulate through the
whole game the chaos and you know it I
think that's kind of a point yeah I mean
at a certain point your computer would
crash because it would be on here
rendered that body sure right could be
funny though no I'll just be a mess like
you can't get it anything you just like
crawl
it'd be funny rich it would be funny ah
let's see here what's the worst movie
you can think of off the top of your
head that you would recommend someone to
watch preferably something that causes
physical and emotional pain which is
which the worst movie that you can think
of off the top of your head that you
would recommend someone to watch
preferably something that causes
physical and emotional for the specific
purpose of hurting somebody things yes
have them watch things they will be
broken it's the worst it's the worst and
it's constantly you constantly think
that at any moment they're gonna turn it
around and turn it into an actual
something that resembles an actual movie
and they never do it's just the worst
things wasn't there something we watch
the best of the worst recently that was
awful you know there's a lot of things
so do you mean the the alien abduction
one that was pretty bad shot on VHS one
that was just terrible that was recent
feeders feeders that's a mess some
things probably were still yeah
replicator right and what's to keep them
from just walking away and not finishing
right right
did you know that professor Kern artists
in Dirk Gently is a Time Lord his name
is Sylvain vo in Doctor Who he was
hiding out on earth to escape the Time
Lord fuzz that would make sense
I believe Douglas Adam wrote some Doctor
Who all right maybe yes maybe he tried
to I don't know they ever used any of
your scripts
oh maybe yeah I don't know I think I
think the 3rd hitchhiker bunk wasn't
gonna unused Doctor Who script he wrote
oh is that it
yeah I think it is just worse that's the
worst book of a hitchhiker
whoa probably because it was formatted
specific well I wrote this all I'm gonna
use it that's great
you know what that's just great he was
the script editor for a year or two okay
okay Oh
Douglas Adams heard a shit-ton for Tom
Baker in the 70s okay what's good good
good I only remember hearing that in
passing probably from some one of you in
the chat so well my doctor who knowledge
is terribly limited right terribly
limited there there there is currently
no project Hornet update that we can
share but there is a project Hornet
update that I have forgotten to share
with rich okay actually I don't know if
I can if I can do this right now I might
be able to actually oh I might be able
to it yeah see you're almost done do we
just try and slide that whole thing over
here let's just see what your download
speed goes to oh no it's not on that
oh I'm currently at like 25 so yeah
let's just see what happens rich fucking
fucking pub G and they're updating the
best laid plans my friend the best laid
plans and our plan wasn't necessarily
the best but it was a solid plan yeah no
yeah we had a solid plan I shouldn't let
you played your your humans falling down
game I wanted to play I wanted to play
the the gay human fall flats I think
it's called everyone would have hated it
the press I didn't even look at it and I
know everyone would have hated it first
of all everyone would have hated it like
for real everyone would have hated it
all right I'm about to show rich
something I can't show you people in the
chat yet but I'm gonna show rich
something so we can get his reaction
live on camera it's gonna be great it's
gonna be do that's pretty good one
okay I think that I think the other
picture is better and something is
coming to us yeah good good
yeah wait to see the other picture I
don't enjoy your suffering but oh yeah
look at this one there was one there's
one particular picture that really
captures it that captures the spirit of
Project Hornet that's not it but in any
case Project Hornet is moving along
nicely nicely welcome thanks for
catching a stream thanks for saying I'm
cool too I think so
Oh your network uses just just what is
happening to your network usage I don't
know man we've already made it this far
I'm done downloading now but now you're
getting some decent no no not what is
happening it doesn't know what the
fucking it's doing
you're so close do we really want to
stop it and then if it doesn't work I'll
eat everything right play human phone
well we will do human fall flat another
day we will because that that looks like
a very very silly game to stream I'm
going we're just going to do it okay
all right 21 1835 it just going all over
the fucking place it doesn't know what
it's doing right pause pause alright let
me get that thumb drive removed remove
you're doing it we're doing it fuck it I
just plugged the hard drive ins in my
computer and my hard drive I mean thumb
drive so where do I find this where do I
find this hold on I'm trying to find
this mime wonderful are you looking for
man what are you looking for the
location where I need to put this yeah
well you need to give me the location I
need to take it from as well oh you just
go to the steam folder and there should
be a like steamapps and common sure it's
steam folder steam apps steam folder
where's the steam folder you might have
no Program Files Oh
that's not gonna be a documents don't go
to your harddrive burn up house sure did
okay then this one so then I just take
this whole folder right yeah copy
well were you moving it into the doctor
what hard drive
did you sp hard drive oh you're doing it
for you to speak I think you'd want to
do this via the network uh this might be
safer hold on there okay can I get rid
of all this stuff on here it's already
on that drive yeah the flash yeah sure
I'm not sure what's on did you get rid
of it do you see what's on there if you
mute us I'll tell you I don't know if I
can say what's on there
in some Star Wars movies when I had the
the marathon stream while back and
watching movies with the Chad right what
you said that they're gonna think it's
like a huge pornography collection Jack
it was a huge pronounce the Empire
Strikes Back which heard of the Jedi in
a new hope fuck's sake
this guy Thank You Longridge
you aren't you already study stopped
your download already yeah I told you I
told you not to
I told we're at zero percent complete
it's only a gigabytes
well let's try you even know forget it
all right I just paused it I think I
don't think I maybe I did and we're
gonna fucking just pause it I didn't
delete it I wanted to make sure this is
gonna work first oh good yeah start
downloading again oh good Jesus Christ
because thumb drives it looks this thumb
drive apparently is a USB - yeah a very
slow transfer speed so we're getting a
little - with a - yeah 13:03 has much
higher transfer speeds this - we are we
are rocking approximately five to eight
megabytes per second which is very
similar to what we downloaded and so it
is transferring it we have about 30
minutes to transfer to the thumb drive
just cancel that yeah we're just gonna
cancel that we only have nine minutes
waiting from steam one match we're gonna
get one match in and this might go down
in history the most pathetic stream as a
most pathetic stream we've ever
thank you all for being here with us by
the way thanks player unknown that's the
the hazards can they roll this out
slowly change a few servers here and
summer site I get you know I guess to
them than what they're thinking from
from their point of view they're saying
hey anyone who's playing our game
they're keeping up with the latest news
with us they're following us on the
social media so like we're just gonna
give them tons of warning oh it might be
at one point our USB connection you
might be right the H because we were
getting five to eight megabits per
second we're gonna get one round of left
for dead end it's gonna be great we're
gonna have a great time this is multiple
people's first stream Jack really
welcome let them get used to the
technical difficulties if it's one thing
here's the thing our internet connection
is actually really good here yeah I
don't know what the fuck is going on why
this is taking so long but we are
streaming there's a lot of there's a lot
of bits we processed we have frequently
quickly downloaded 8 gigabyte games like
shortly before we streamed that's true
we've done that multiple times that's
very true
glad this is my first stream this is how
it works
welcome get you first of all get used to
it because it happens okay okay let's
see here Thor takus is hijack and rich
rich which comedians can capture the
comedic ramblings of George Carlin today
nobody can do that Doug Stanhope is the
closest I think keep up the great work
nobody and you can't just replace
someone like that no well and it's like
with Carlin it wasn't just his timing he
had a persona he had a new point he had
a whole thing he had a stick and
replacing him and his shtick is gonna be
difficult and I don't think anyone's
looking
yeah bill burr might be the closest but
bill Berg has has more of a fuck
everyone kind of attitude which I guess
is George was George Carlin but yeah you
know I'd give it to Bill burr he's got a
decent fuck everyone wasn't fuck
everyone for George Carlin it was
everything is rotten yeah and that's
just the way it is let's bill brick yeah
let's bill burr everyone's an idiot and
except for me
chip old Lord Chipotle says potential
discovery spoilers it's fine there is a
fan a theory that the show is an origin
story for section 31 I don't give a shit
about that the black uniforms are
similar to the ones in DSi and Laura's
resemblance to Sloane and and SNCC 10:31
what section 31 wrench Deep Space nine
they were like a secret organization
within the Federation and they were kind
of unethical chat I don't think that
louis c.k is taking up the george carlin
mystic louis c.k kind of has like an
everyday an everyman shrug about him
that wasn't Carlin's bit Karlin was not
the everyman he was smarter than the
everyman
section 31 isn't interesting enough for
me to get excited about our origin story
for section 31 sure sure
let's see here insert clever username
here says was Star Wars meant to be
fleshed out like it is right now it
seems as if they're running out of
things to do
oh shit you know we're moving past this
because I don't I bitch about Star Wars
enough yeah I guess like not not to
bitch but just remember that George
Lucas originally pictured the entire
story the the prequels to return of the
Jedi as one movie that that horse is
just it's just a couple of molecules
that's all that's left
oh yeah it's it's already growing into a
tree it's it's fertilizer for the tree
but but I guess what I'm saying is
George Lucas's already wanted it to be
big and then they just pared it down to
what the interesting part of the story
is with Star Wars before it was a new
hope it was Star Wars and ever since
then they've just been kind of running
on the steam of the Star Wars idea for
left 4 dead mod all zombies dressed up
in Star Trek discovery uniforms and you
just get to mow them down endlessly that
much yeah yeah just kind of like man it
just wasn't the greatest this is it's a
Star Trek show for people who hate Star
Trek and so obviously I'm not interested
in that as I like Star Trek right I'm
willing to just do something else in my
free time good let's see here crazy Nate
909 says Jack and rich this is the first
dream I've been on time to see ever so
sorry I'm so horribly sorry we tried and
we had a plan going in and it was an
exciting plan and it was like it was
going good we're gonna flip car
we're gonna end up shooting each other
in the back right and by the way so I
was performing adequately and then the
server's went down so boom
we failed twice rich brown Adam Sandler
Pub G servers are down we're downloading
left 4 dead 2 we have 2 minutes left on
the download but crazy Nate 909 says
thank you for making sure it is the most
pathetic stream ever still love you
though thank you thank you I haven't
played many of the Star Trek games if
people bring up a lead dangerous every
now and then like a shooter that's not
something I need to have take place in
the Star Trek universe it's like the
first place the trans setting for an FPS
Star Trek I think so
Star Trek works for adventure games
where you can investigate things yeah
yeah old-school adventure games that
could work something like bridge
commander I haven't played it but I
imagine that would work sure sure yeah
you never really the focus of Star Trek
was never really the intense phaser
battle right right yeah agreed I could I
could see something like a I'm trying to
think of a first-person shooter that's
not necessarily about the shooting but
that's more just about figure eight like
say here there's one game in particular
that I'm thinking of it's not
necessarily about the shooting but more
just about discovering the world about
you that that might be a good fit for
Star Trek but like you said an adventure
game
no I never played the Star Trek board
game there's a Star Trek board game borg
borg board game Metroid Prime was still
a lot of shooty but Metroid Prime did
have that awesome scanning mechanic
which would fit well in a Star Trek
thing yeah scanning stuff figuring out
you know how the stuff fits together
that could be nice is Star Trek is a
property I don't enjoy for the sake of
intense action right right you want to
be the smart guy that does the research
and figures it out I can solve this did
you play the board report I mean you
could you could make a Batman chess game
or just like in between crimes he just
sits in the Batcave and he plays chess
with Alfred it wouldn't be an especially
good use of the license that's kind of
how I feel about Star Trek
first of all you know someone's about to
make that Batman chess game right now
someone at WB just heard you go get out
it and we can make a couple bucks when
I'll forgets checkmate he says what do
we do when we fall so you can't move
that way we'll look tech Knight please
oh you did it it's done downloading on
that way shit start yours up yeah I
gotta take a pee break it's so exciting
shit we did it

[Part III]
yeah I gotta take a pee break it's so
exciting shit we did it you did it rich
report unusual behavior barricade your
homes avoid all contact with infected
individuals wait for official
instructions wheat my ass kill all sons
of bitches that's my official
instructions
I'm for dead
this is some shit we got ourselves into
who the hell put the new batch station
but Freddie flexes
maybe the helicopter
maybe it's made of chalk oh where is
everybody
hello this is not happening anyone here
this is not happening this is not
happening
thought they supposed to be saving our
asses looks like there's been a change
of plans
although invalid goons right
oh I do anything
holy shit
hey kill all sons of bitches right
updating
updating right now
all right oh that's right it's for left
for dead that's what it's called okay
and update what yes no what is that
now
maybe yes left 4 dead left the number 4
dead alright we've updated can you
change it left LF 4 2 or L l4d2 4 D -
great we did it
let's see here Anonymous's when are we
getting a jack and rich review on Time
Bandits rich Karen review on airplane
are either of you excited for movies and
games coming out in 2018 oceans 8 Mary
Poppins returns anthem what yeah you
know that's a lot of it's a lot of stuff
there you just said a lot of things my
friend you just said quite a lot of
things you know that's what I got for
you
do you ever need to walk in this game
Jack huh do you ever need to walk in
this game what do you mean move walk
slowly
yes yes you do you do because if you
make too much noise
zombies hear you and sometimes you don't
want to hear
that one
I can't I skip any of this
why can't face its life's a bitch cuz
life's a bitch and then you die hi there
you go
sure I'm gonna let everything was all
those questions and answers but what
else is for just interacting with other
people without all oh maybe maybe
dude did it to do
hero
yes you
so we need to invite friend thing how
does that work in a game I don't know
multiplayer game I don't know what I'm
doing completely out of my fucking
element just send me an invite make it
easy okay
what there's people these people here am
i there no you're not there for some
reason you need to get me in there are
you online uh we were playing pump D
together I should be I'll double-check
you're not yeah
how do we play pop vegan cuz pub she's
different
oh there you're not enjoyable games how
do I get the joinable games and never
even looked at this thing before
playing with friends
play campaign that's what I just did I'm
gonna create a lobby what if I gotta
play with friends yeah do that now click
on me and then you should join my lobby
I am I in hey anybody who's friends with
me join my life we need two more join my
lobby join my lobby multiplayer gaming
is all it's alien to me right it's just
completely alien hey scary gargoyle hey
Luiz Verde welcome I have my head buds
in again which needs to a sign jump you
should have signed jump to something
shit thought I did
don't we're in the game I don't to leave
that would be chaos if I left I could
leave the lobby and then come back I
guess I choose your character I'm gonna
be a random guy looks neat look they
have different stats No
hey I started the game let's start the
game I don't necessarily remember
exactly how to play so we're just making
it up okay you free of spaced and your
friends list I understand if you don't
want to you don't have to weed Lord I'll
is that your steam name I think I have
some free friend slots clear but we'll
see weed Lord 420 is that your steam
name as well so these people have
different stats No okay no they do not
rich you might need to go over to co-op
one or two unless it's split screens
Oh coming back that chopper looks like
sandy the evac Center in the mall gotta
agree let's follow them you can find to
hit something with
all right
shit whoa whoa what do i world oh my god
hold on where's all this shit going on
here know anything that's a good way I'm
lost and I need to help I'm lost
what am i doing up my mouse sensitivity
quite a bit there we go
what happened I done don't you ever come
back
where am I gonna go with my club go
that's a great comeback to make one how
do I get my girl back
okay okay
that way they have a gun wait did I just
take a first-aid book there's my first
aid kit
how do you switch between weapons
there's my good
oh you can only have one weapon at a
time man what's what's the point how do
you use the malt oh this is so far we're
doing great yeah are you guys going
already I think they're impatient are
you figuring things out I don't know how
to throw a Molotov cocktail if I even
have one I don't even think I have one
okay let can replace your handgun what
was that
should I have a gun or melee alright
well fuck it let's go
you're great
reloading
see no crystals not that great mr.
castle they just sort here do you need
to hit them on the head
ah then they go down quickly what's
wrong oh it's not a bottle of pew years
only behind me I can't be a bottle of
puke is it
grabbing grabbing puke
oh shit I'm dual wielding
so do we have yeah don't go survive and
go to the thing
where's the thing
don't shoot your team yeah yay for me
it's okay I have a deep it unit I don't
know about those myself ah shit
you do a great rich no I'm doing
terrible okay it's great what else do
you need mental disorder mostly you well
you know a crown the shot here
I can't be a bottle of puke is it
bullshit
most days
reloading back guys
like there's no
though you reach maximum zombie right
you know like
it's everywhere yes somebody does play
ball three
Oh forgot about that
one more exploding on the original shot
here
great alright having the adrenaline shot
do you have an adrenaline but they mean
something they're they're healthy
they're useful
hey hey hey I assumed you were a zombie
hey settle down yeah you can do that in
your options if you want this way fellas
hey one moment I got in terms of sound
down here it's very loud all right oh
yeah great okay okay I'm gonna following
you Louie classes what
right
because
hey rich radio
forwardly pressing yeah we're doing it
we're making it this is level one
I don't need to waste ammo well I just
don't want them to bring the player near
us and if you have a handgun there's
unlimited in
stay still what its gonna healing you
you're almost dead oh sure
using my med Packer you did it Thanks I
have a I have a one of those heart like
boom
so shock things does that mean yeah I
don't know I don't know that means this
first aid kit yeah we did it I was level
one we did it everyone Oh melee fighter
I got zero points for melee fighter
that's fine
cuz I was using guns the whole time
right right that's fine
I I can deal with zero points their
special killer yeah let's go to the gun
store
what else doing a bullets let's what
sort of guns doing that shotgun what a
shotgun or do I want the SMG well I you
know I think like I have an SMG now and
and so you know we need to diversify our
I got our payload I'll stick with the
shotgun
why do we gotta lock up the doors in the
hazmat suit
shooting head shot unnecessary very much
we're not necessary with the help
you're gonna have to do better than
gonna heal that worked damn crazy if I
can't get down with the pastime you lose
come on faster these are creepy in the
way that slaves on fan song bees are
like corpses they that remind you of
death they are walking dead fast zombies
are just crazy monsters we're crazy
whoa look at them crazy monsters I can
admit there are more realistic threat
but like creep factor is gone fast fast
zombies are an immediate threat slow
zombies are the slow looming threat and
they're just two different kinds of eyes
all right nice job everyone let's do it
you said that much much better
okay who said it
reloading tank tank
what's that mean I think
shooting me thank you what does what
does my um what does this thing do what
am i pads do well how will that help me
pads these things these things that I'm
holding how will this help me someone in
chat tell me I think he could
resuscitate somebody who's down I'll
hold on to these pills that'd be my
guess
sure Jack take that adrenaline shot and
what it what do these do huh years ago
when it first came out mom pills that's
rock and roll
reloading let's rock and roll
an aged shotgun shot
shit
sorry
I think the med pack will be more
helpful hold I'm gonna I see it over the
smoke I good to see it I'm just coming
up it's going up up there I didn't see
oh sure I'm with you got our six don't I
got our six day
great rich I think we're doing okay
we're doing all right except for someone
just puked on us what is that
was that noise what do you think she's
sad the malls closed shit wonder if
there has ever been a Star Trek zombie
planet episode you know there has been
there always nearby - oh shit then yes
be quiet ammo here
to hear the crying
so there is a there's a zombie called a
witch and those zombies
oh it's definitely
come on much obliged die die die
reloading pills
upgrade your weapons I don't know how
this is literally the first time I've
ever played this game first time I've
ever played any game in the series
reloading reloading I have an exploding
barrel don't shoot me
Louis do you need a an adrenalin shit
Louis do you need an adrenalin chat now
they get travelens health okay
I don't remember what's the gasket for
me it burns you throw it merely shoot it
in the pants
we loaded explore ahead of everybody
Jack what yeah but I killed a bunch of
zombies so you know you're welcome
some gods here
what's this well is your sights lasers
yeah hope PAC singer Thank You somebody
watching my back I'm gonna heal first
date here hunting rifle yeah I kind of
like this gun sir it's gonna for the use
of this gun I am willing to go get you
this mg that bayonets oh that would be
cool
they probably have everybody grab a
weapon
okay well shit what are we doing we I
guess scary gargoyle has coca-cola
okay jack no exhibited a reaction for
you
I'm getting beat up I'm gonna beat up
rich you're welcome
I mean they yes thank you but while you
were here healing me a zombie was
beating me up does Brigid
well that was dumb weapons I thought I'd
saved a few bullets and hit them with my
bat guns here which turn off your light
turn off your light sneak past the which
is it dangerous shit reloading
does anyone see it
so we we just don't want to that shit
shoot the winch don't accidentally yeah
rich has razor blades were hidden in his
hats
oh man rich would definitely survive the
zombie hey you're the tank Slayer you
did the most damage to the tank yay good
adrenaline gives you a temporary energy
boosts now the the witch is just she's
you know I still say we should check it
out anybody sees a men's store let me
know I got blood on my suit
she's just dangerous just try a
different kind of know what kind of guns
do you guys have because I might get
this sniper rifle then I got an ak-47
probably understand from the best it's
accurate
that's alright let's go
what happened no just ninja sword here
ninja sword katana if anyone wants when
I
yeah it's a ninja sword ready
doing a second to heal up he's on your
six
everybody's on the six okay great all
right where to where to look around to
see
you do realize
that's all like that's how I feel
playing this thing
peach with the back of my gun that's
what I'm gonna do
do you only fight Emma on the safer
maybe that's a question for someone who
plays the game more than I do
you afraid to use my gun too much for
the big bosses yeah I want to use my
shit
reloading that's why I picked up the
handgun and in lieu of a melee weapon
heads up
I'm reloading
you shoot me reloading weapons over here
jockey around combat shotgun yeah
tempted
reloading weapons over here
geez what's that why you shot something
with the time I don't know who started
this shit
so are okay but let's just stop the
friendly fire right now
we got pills here
guns here
at the expo your head you're behind such
a second - Jagger yeah
watch out
ABB's ready
up here
oh shit tenon behind us televisor
for the rest
yeah
nice alright
hey thank you dogs right here Magnum
pistol thank you
everybody grab a weapon come on Shaq you
want to combat shotgun Jack I'm going
back to the assault rifle weapons over
here you you take well you know what I
guess I've been using that other one for
a while yeah I got the combat shotgun
he's scary girls wait come here let me
give you some adrenaline hey wait wait
wait wait wait no oh sorry damn it I
give it to myself
okay that's a scary gargoyle
looks like a slaughter reloading
then I'd be the best stream game being
awful damn quiet what is this
it's quiet I'm being aqua what do mean
we're not talking much well that's the
sake of entertaining the people we are
we are into the game rich is the problem
reloading you know not like I found that
problem a little bit with pub g2 pub G
has a pub he's got a lot more after it
does but then you know like during this
at those certain moments you need to be
quiet this though really he's just too
into it boys you don't have the quiet
ones yeah something's always about to
pop up behind you it's true do we know
where we're supposed to be done no I
haven't known since we're starting great
great then we're doing great
then we're doing great rich I'm taking
the follow the people who seem like
they've played this before
it's pretty good approach hey we did it
if they played it more they wouldn't
have to come straight as hard and katalk
more that's that's the truth that's the
trueness that's the truth fall ah city
whoo-hoo that is an intense game let's
take this moment here yeah sister Ling
says I've been pleasantly surprised but
pleasantly well he says presently
surprised by the Orval it's pretty
alright and could be great with some
tinkering is there any of the humor that
you liked and you love you guns was
there humor in the Orval that you liked
joke wasn't terrible ok I don't mind the
lighter tone in general just a lot of
the jokes they literally feel tacked on
yeah yeah I agree with that I absolutely
agree with that look I like the show you
like the Orval I look forward to new
episodes of the Orval ok so yeah I know
it's just not my thing
there's there I think there's also just
a lot of bad jokes just so I can
generally hear what's going on I think
that's a problem but it's just there's a
lot of jokes a lot of jokes referencing
pop culture from our time we will drive
out of here
do this but in these circumstances I
think mr. Gibbs two people go and
collect gas and throw it down and two
people stay on the bottom level these
days a car shows so we don't have to
hide I'll go up rich you sit down you
sit down okay you're gonna guess they'll
get the gas once you put one in good
okay they're zombies are gonna start oh
I guess jack is going up I'll go with
them you guys stay down
second zombie whoa shit
so simple so we guess if the cars that
the that's the bit we got to get the gas
cans you bring it back to the car bang
rushman eight thirteen thirteen oh wow
we still need ten more what
reloading thank you
I thought I could jump over the edge and
bring the gas going down what
I got some ammo right here get upstairs
more reloading there's more stairs ammo
here reloading okay okay okay
more gas working on it run-run gas cans
down on the ground level
do it you can do it
let me help there get to come back as a
zombie
ha ha ha do you know so good no I'm the
dead one I feel bad now well you you
might not be the only dead one
but she shouldn't running spit dude look
I literally never played this game
before I have no idea how dangerous that
is figured it wasn't good
oh shit he just threw a rock at me
but I wasn't planning on staying the
forever I just good for gas and real
quick come on come on I'm coming
No
shit
shit oh shit oh shit move my legs oh
sorry I'm shooting you now
man
we both dead all right what's the plan
is it took us so long to get this up and
running are we done yeah we are we got
one we got one man we get let's see here
what do we got here oh it's not been a
good night for baby huh
it has not been a good gaming night it
has not been and I'm really sorry about
that we're gonna pick it back up though
all right we're gonna pick it back up
all right crazy Nate 99 says love the
Christmas best of the worst I think
makers of Oh what was that what was the
night oh oh night of the kick fighters
cast Adam West in the lead and Andy
Bowman as his stunt double when he saw
look what a team player I was Jack look
at that rescued most teammates 22 hey we
did it
amazing 22 percent 22% of all rescues
and we killed 1400 zombies that's good
let's see here I think Adam West was
casting lead in Antibes almond as stunt
double but when West saw what a shit
show it was he would only cameo and Andy
got promoted thoughts I think who was
cameo in what went in the where the the
idea is that that they originally cast
Adam West in the lead and Andy bumming
was just his stunt double okay but then
Adam West decided not to do it sorry
Andy Bauman said I'll do it I think
though Andy Bauman had what a producer
credit or a writer quite at credit yeah
maybe even a writer credit so I think
Andy Bauman this his intention was to
star in it that's that was definitely
his intention so no I don't think that
was that I just think they couldn't
afford Adam West for the entire movie
which is not far more likely Jenelle
82 says really love your stuff have you
guys played darkest dungeon if so any
chance for a steam slash review thanks
guys
you played darkest dungeon on stream a
little bit and I've played actually a
bunch of it since then I really liked it
I don't know if it would make for the
best stream maybe we could one of these
days I think I have it well I have it on
my Vita and so play which I might be
able to play it through the ps4 but yeah
it's fine it got a little it got a
little too managed e for me you know
what what I would do is I would spend
like it was my Vita game and so I would
spend like a half hour just getting all
my guys set up but then I'd have to like
stop playing and you know go do whatever
and then like by the time I came to
actually go in the dungeon I forgot what
guys I had set up for what and but like
overall I did enjoy it but it just got a
little too managee for me for a handheld
game you need a spreadsheet I mean I
needed a spreadsheet I needed like a
little reminder all the stuff I did or I
just needed to sit down and actually
play it for a good couple of hours not a
half hour chunk like I was yeah yeah but
I enjoyed it for the most part and
whisker cuddles says Jack I've lost 10
kilograms I don't know what a kilo gram
is metric I like I cannot I know it's
metric I cannot visualize a kilogram but
congratulations and I ate chocolate
every day because I fit it in my diet
and gym five days a week how is your
diet and weight loss going what is your
workout routine now that the holidays
are over I'm back in at full swing and
you know I'm so far so good
no workout routine yet I'm just
concentrating and losing so I'm just
concentrating on diet at the moment but
thank you
oh the chat is saying 10 kilograms is
approximately 22 pounds well
congratulations that's quite a bit of
weight are we going to play this again
I'd love them to survive we'll do
another night I'll bring in my computer
do pub G and this thing with it all set
up ahead of time with those server
issues no download time it'll be great I
think though like the longer we streamed
the more likely another thing is gonna
go wrong
yeah so I want to I want to cut and run
oh yeah yeah I'm fine I'm fine leaving
now I'm fine it's looking like it
started six ish no seven ish who started
at seven all right great boink boink hey
now is the time in which we thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this very stream and to do that we chant
I believe we just read all the tips
we're caught up in tips right I believe
yeah but I can double check
Oh actually we had just one more come
just this very second from true-blue
review who says hey guys I just got back
from a Manhattan screening of the room
mm-hmm
what are your thoughts on the movie have
you ever gone to a screening of a
popular bad movie is it too popular for
a review the screenings are how I found
it Rover I was dragged to a screening oh
yeah yeah you know and I just recently
saw it I used to I've been to a couple
midnight showings of the Rocky Horror
Picture Show the classic classic good
bad movie I think I think the Rocky
Horror Picture Show might be a little
bit too cult-like for me
Cole tonight oh yeah the specific things
the specific time but that's what the
room is
yes God that way with uh some of the
stuff yeah well I went is a bit more
free for me sure sure I think that's how
it goes like there's this thing when I
went to be fest they play at midnight
every year plan 9 from outer space and
they have their own crazy ritual as well
they throw it you know during the the
saucer scene they throw a paper plates
like they they have a whole they have a
whole stick yeah yeah and it can be
intimidating it can be intimidating and
I don't necessarily think that that
would be the most ideal time to watch a
movie for the first time but people who
go to those things are obnoxious maybe
I'm just jaded I think it can be like
like what weren't you saying when when
when there is a when there is an
audience participation that you don't
know of then it's it just adds to the
confusion and it's an already bad movie
and then people are like yelling things
all in harmony as if they had practiced
well what killed the room screenings up
here too many people went it was just
too much chaos sure too loud and you
like it'd be a terrible way to see the
movie for the first time now yeah yeah
agreed
everyone wants to get their joking yeah
yeah yeah I hold on I got to grab a
couple things then we're gonna thank
people it's probably better to see the
room with a small group of friends yes
but I mean isn't that always the case
is it is it really technical difficult
this isn't really our fault
when pub G takes their fucking servers
down for the four hours we stream
technically it's our fault because if we
were true professionals rich yeah we
would have checked to make sure the
servers how often do you expect the
server's to be down that specific time
and it's our fault because then we
wanted to download something and it was
completely our fault oh yeah so so
probably there were the also I think the
room is big enough now where if you want
more information on the room it's out
there there are videos already made I
can't imagine we would have anything to
add at this point yeah it's probably not
gonna happen no I wouldn't imagine so
it's just it's there's just so much out
there you don't need us you just don't
need us
all right hey here it is it's the time
rich we're gonna thank we're gonna
thanks nuke master 20 Queen of the One
Ring
who says monthly reminder to all prime
describers you need to manually reset
every month love you guys thank you
that's a great way to know to subscribe
that's a great way to drunk dunk
dunkaccino Pfeiffer's gold Otto von 2-1
to Ryan from Michigan for 15 months in a
row I was I assume that's what the mi
stands for says when do we get the pub G
Cinematic Universe really you're really
just ready totally ready it's coming I
thought it was sooner that was beer
coaster for 16 months in a row I didn't
see it at all that's there it's there
it's there saying it's there you're
saying it's there
beer poster mocha hello says makes the
hours of entertainment that's gonna go
off when you're swinging it around
because that's the string you pull
uh-huh
MOCA hello says thanks for the hours of
entertainment you guys helped me through
a tough last year personally here's
hoping this year is 1,000 times better
keep up those mad strats perhaps the
maddest of strats vengeance for 20
fucking months in a row who says 20
months is one more than 19 yeah yeah 25
my story
humberto Cabbage Patch 436 motherfucking
months in a row
hey the cameras moved over in that nuts
that up hi humberto Kevin here says I
need healing
I need healing I need healing
thank you did not die right the end
that's like a pan who says hey rich and
Jack today is my birthday
and your steam is the best present I've
gotten keep up the great work
I'm are you kick girls V for 21 fucking
months in a row Chuck Fox who says I'm
using my sub men message this month to
officially recommend prey it's Bioshock
in space development arcane studio and
published by Bethesda the game is made
for Jack Packard and rich Evans it's
just like Helldivers and my my oh and F
my C alright I'm dough for 16 months and
roses Daisy was ass and I just don't see
the appeal of these pub G's
huggbees is what he said I guess the
everyone just really loves their
third-person shooters
I'd prefer to play it in first well we
weren't going do well his service didn't
good only the server's didn't go down I
see the appeal even though I don't love
it I had fun playing co-op yeah I'll
admit that
mhm it's a fine stream and game yeah
fine streaming game fun adventures
happen weird weird things happen my car
flips it's a good streaming game that's
true
slow-paced enough you could talk yeah I
don't despise it there you go
let's put that on the box which Evans
the killcam yeah that's that's a big
upgrade yeah it's actually a big upgrade
it's like shockingly like for just for
one little change it's a
it is it is because every match you
stand like what was that bullshit right
what was that on her bullshit then you
can watch the replay you can be like
okay oh that guy kill me all right I
mean sometimes still bullshitting but at
least you know where the bullshit came
you can learn what you're doing wrong
and that's an important change I think
yeah yes do tur turn basically basically
it's not my favorite yeah but I've
warmed up to it a lot since we talked
about it officially which is the problem
with early access cuz we were only
talking about it with earlier but now
the game's officially has is different
you can do an official win today we can
do an official you really want I don't
know if it's necessary turd smuggling's
who says thanks for all the
entertainment you fucks I still never
play it alone that's why I'm G I would
never play it alone miserable term
smugglin and now it's time to go fuck
with Jack's uncle's Wi-Fi again alright
if C leap for 17 months in a row says
rich Jack kiss me dammit no no we both
have ladies in our lives and they
wouldn't like it I probably know james
farr says have a great evening guys
shoot all the things we did eventually
it took us a while Suburbans sasquatch
the no Varg nobody nice bar boss the dog
who says please get some headphones for
spatial awareness frog waterer
Tweedledum
Alex original do say that's like French
right you don't say yeah like that guy
Duke Duke it duck it duck it yeah just
just to fuck with that person go doubt
doubt kitten where did we Opie
train 11 435 fucking months in a row
who says Karen giving no fucks about
over-talking riches Jason kill is sweet
payback for every time rich
inadvertently shout interrupts a good
70% of Jack stories absolutely
absolutely I'll take it a shot because
it's something that happened in the game
it is it is gaming stream come on let's
be honest let's be honest why did you
see my Twitter joke today the the
Twitter joke for when I said when was
extremely I said we're just gonna
livestream our cooling fan o as we mined
for cryptocurrency yeah it was like
that's that could be a stream I'll just
put out the fan on and we'll talk we'll
get like 2 bucks worth of cryptocurrency
there are a lot of money to be made in
mining Bitcoin how do you mind Bitcoin
how does that work you need to do your
computer needs to do a certain a very
large and arduous and time-consuming
math problem yeah and so you need a big
like you know the companies that do it
use their big like computer farm yeah
what does this do it gives you a crypto
money's how just free money's doing
nothing
well it takes energy and power isn't
this a huge flaw in Bitcoin if anybody
can just generate their own bitcoins no
I'm also like I'm basing all of the
information I'm giving you rich off of
like half of an NPR interview I listen
two months ago I'm very curious on how
this works
yeah I'm legit curious on the Bitcoin
mining okay and wouldn't this devalue
the Bitcoin if anybody can just mine for
bitcoins but just turning a computer on
I believe I believe the amount that you
can mine based off of current computer
hardware is low enough where the answer
is no but you also need to be able to
generate currency in some way right I
I don't know enough about this I don't
know enough about this and and yes Satan
preached you says that's why bitcoins
are worth different amounts of money per
minute well also because their perceived
value is a it's a whole it's a whole
thing
I'm just wondering with the legalities
of it okay cuz it's not legal tender can
can you go to jail jail for stealing
bitcoins is it technically illegal yeah
because it's still you're still stealing
something of value okay
the the problem would be the the victim
would have to prove what value it was
and how it was stolen right it's still
it's still something valuable right
several companies have done it it's
considered property by the IRS oh man
that is moose Euler's number for 18
months in a row hippie scum epitaxy who
says if you ever feel like having
chicken for dinner
hit me up gonna get that chicken there
Edgar Allan Hope over 18 months in a row
had a good couple matches with someone
the other day yeah you know one of my
Steam friend song yeah hey I've had a
good couple matches if I had that
automatic shotgun that you had wrecked
some people found it really really early
on and some people were just like
wandering around wrecked great it was
great gates main 44 now I just kind of
wanted to go off randomly blob oh that's
a good name crane hand Christ's not
Captain Picard
says three fucking months in a row
cheater your cheater you goddamn cheater
yeah no no we're watching fucking Star
Trek discovery and then looks like
something might have been cut off not
sure it ends I think it's a frowny face
yeah but there's no dot over the eyes
looks like the beginning of parentheses
they're gonna add something maybe not
Captain Picard is missing his eyes and
so they like in real life
and so they he wants to represent
himself in a proper emoji form Allen
station for sixteen months in a row says
what makes prereqs so great is that it's
about family do you get it I get it
Smith Smith T Smith T is what I would
say 50 15 dis t87 G shibez 440
motherfucking months in a row says
thanks for all the entertainment over
the years here's to another 40 months
euphoric 16 Hellcat striker come knock
her how many wonder how MONUC that's
fine
urban crisis who says thoughts on the
new popular game going around and they
are billion my guard TSS so I haven't
touched it pretty much pretty much Oz
Mike for 36 motherfucking months in a
row says whatever you do don't disturb
the witch yeah good to see you playing
this hmm don't do it it's a good game
my name is Tate 431 fucking months in a
row who says rich you
well a natural with a Ford I mean for
your for your first time playing making
it all the way to Maine it's it's neat
it's not the most complicated game ever
no things run at you shoot the things
the the one part that you'll notice
playing it over and over again is
left4dead has something they call what's
the I director the game director right
and so it it shoots new challenges at
you all the time but I mean the the
basics it's just a basic shit that's not
a terrible thing I'm not trying to
criticize it yeah but it's it's a basic
shooter oh absolutely your first time it
shouldn't be complete incompetent that's
what I'm saying is you in general in
life are not completely incompetent so
congratulations on them we are at a
heliosphere 1969 for 19 months in a row
you could say that but I still don't see
where we are they're down there all the
way near the oh there we go mr. GIMP
stir Len flax in ski for 16 months in a
row who wants to know what our favorite
Seinfeld quote or episode is different
really have like a favorite individual
episode right it's just the whole thing
you ever read the the the script the
9/11 episode yes yes I have and it's
brilliant and it's perfect Seinfeld
that's the thing just like any out you
can just tell us on any episode okay off
the top of my head here's what I can
think of I remember the episode where
Jerry goes to the Pakistani restaurant
yeah and they don't have any Pakistani
food there he goes to the restaurant
owned by a Pakistani man okay but they
don't remember that one specifically but
they don't serve any Pakistan foods like
you know I'd kind of like to try some
Pakistani food and then he the
restaurant owner decides to change the
entire restaurant to be a
particularly Pakistani oh that was that
was that the one with the restaurant
across the street it wasn't doing well
advice and what he should have done and
then it failed harder that's a good one
that is that's a great one a lot of good
ones but I mean that's the thing like
you could just say that about anyone
George is deciding to do the opposite of
what he always does and it working off
spectacularly well for him against job
work for the Yankees and girlfriends
does the opposite of whatever he would
normally do right that was a neat
episode the one where George pretends to
be a tourist I don't think I saw that
one it's one where George pretends like
he somehow puts on some funny closer he
like has a map of New York
yeah and a very pretty lady who works
for the New York Board of tourism
decides to help him because he's
obviously a tourist yeah and he just
goes along with it to get the pretty
lady to help him and then just keeps
pretending he's a tourist and he says
everyone's so nice to me when I'm a
tourist that's a that's a great one I
need to revisit Seinfeld right just put
it out in the background old Chris for
39 motherfucking months in a row and to
Hines
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it we really do I kind of
wish you were still swinging the thing
wrong is I was gonna I was gonna like
just get irritated and grab it out of
your hand
