Jul 15, 2018
Tomb Raider
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/285230149
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/285230148
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A09WYiIbmkk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=444X-JRRw3U
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1018601804991549440

[Part I]
I hit that button this is the the Tomb
Raider reboot this this is a Tomb Raider
reboot okay this is a Tomb Raider from
2013 I assume it's the Tomb Raider
reboot I've actually I've never played
the Tomb you know what like I barely
remember playing the original tomb
raider yeah sure I did
I remember the original family yeah yeah
like I'm sure I've played it but I don't
I just don't have it in my brain memory
and and I never played the reboot oh
you're probably gonna hate it they
probably turned into uncharted there's
probably a lot of button prompts you
know and scripted story sequence I
didn't you know I guess for today that's
okay because I don't there's not much I
feel like playing the puzzles have
probably been removed in favor of some
generic traversing with with fake jumps
and make oh I almost fell off the ledges
oh my god can you believe I almost fell
off the edge yeah yeah so you know I
figured like I'm not super in the mood
to play much you don't have been getting
a lot of time in at home here and there
by the way rocket yeah I was still I was
so happy you know yeah in rocket league
you get to choose what game you want to
play yeah and I I always have clicked
down there like see if you can get me
into a snow day hockey yeah you ever
play the hockey version of a few times I
love it hockey is one of my favorite
rocket league things and but it never
comes up it never comes up in the queue
and as a special well I know I could
like if I just wanted to only play that
but it's like oh I have you know three
three four three I have this camp and
hockey and hockey never comes up yeah
but hockey came up the other day and I
played a few games with rocket league
hockey and reminded me how much I loved
it fucking loved rocket league hockey
it's just a different way to play the
game
the extraordinary s and what we do not
who we are to make my mom I really
depends Jack I know you like the hearts
or history podcast there's a new shout
out there's a new show out about Japan
during World War two and it's free new
gentle lovers yeah yeah I'm a big fan
actually I mean I'm real istening to
countdown to Armageddon right now just
to make sure I get in all the good
information and it's good yeah that's a
good it's a good show it's fine show put
it on when I'm doing the dishes and
whatnot a little hardcore history
podcast yeah we find she's dead game
over
I missed the button problem shortest
game ever made I missed the button from
and actually shots I'm gonna B's headed
Laura profit on the sale oh oh maybe not
wait it's strike that reverse it
no I'm just shocked like that wasn't the
tutorial like a sexism has been averted
everybody because she died
sexism everybody just have her die
time to meet a raid tunes yet
are you saying like a like an Indiana
Jones movie they should have started off
with an adventure unrelated adventure
sequence before getting into the
narrative stuff well III guess I was
just assuming that like that would be
your the tutorial yeah Clara already on
her adventure
I guess I just assumed the game is very
loud okay how about now I like this area
though let's skeleton when does this
game come out and to say what's 2013
2013 yes this is the 2013 Tomb Raider
Jesus torture porn reboot apparently I'm
wearing a freshly cut leopard skin yeah
I I'm trying it's just like a very dirty
bag perhaps
oh oh here we go oh excuse me oh shit oh
did that do any good no I was wanting to
assume you couldn't swing forward or
back I get you know what I just didn't
it said swing left or right so I didn't
okay oh shit did I oh no listen
that sucks oh shit wound Raider yeah I
remember I remember hearing that about
this game is it's it's a bit on the
torture pork inside yeah I'm just like
just constantly getting shit stuck in
places oh shit oh oh I can't move now
okay okay here we go here we go
everything's fine
the controller is vibrating non-stop
because of my wound
I appear soon I fear I soon
it's a it's a to Myra
no way we gotta this one what's wrong oh
I want to invert my camera um play
option I there we go it's weird that X
is even an option does anybody ever
invert X no why would you invert X that
makes no sense but I mean I'm sure
someone must oh I think it's just people
who hear about inverting the Y and don't
understand it no we're next to I don't
know
then why would vert things yeah well let
the people have heard whatever I want I
guess invert a button you actually have
to not press it to press it I just got
here what's with the Batman Catwoman
thing and you not you've not been a long
time listener
okay so quick backstory is Batman and
Catwoman were set to be married they're
making a big deal out of it and me and
Jack we're teasing them about it
thinking there's no way a major comic
book character is going and there's no
way the publishers are going to let a
major character get and stay married
like I think I think one more day prove
that mm-hmm
and so we're making jokes about how long
the marriage would last between Batman
and Catwoman and it turns out it lasted
zero days we just we haven't taken it
down yet the jokes kind of played out we
haven't taken it done yet just because I
forgot to make a new overlay so that was
my bad that was my faults the plan was
to keep track of how many days the
marriage lasted the the plan was you
know every time we streamed to update
the number of days but it never got to
one
so you know I'm just comfortable leaving
it there for a while but also I did want
it to not be there I just forgot so
hopefully I'll remember the next time
and it will leave but just in case you
were curious Batman and Catwoman are not
married crazy unless you really want to
hear louder I don't for you if you're
listening for your two rating pleasure
that's exactly what I would call what
I'm doing right now I like all the
skulls that's fun that's the puzzle
solving going so far the puzzle is to
push forward and by the way I'm nailing
it just absolutely now I don't have to
anymore now the puzzle is to watch and
enjoy oh wait
alright I solved the puzzle again she
does have a Batman vision she does have
the sector vision as you can see right
here here's Lara's detective vision yeah
in case you didn't know that the giant
red barrels were something you could use
to solve the puzzle in case that wasn't
clear which the glowing red barrels you
can literally make them glow that's
that's a bit I'm summing this is like
origin story Lara Croft
I think that's you yeah this is like
before she's the Tomb Raider
she needs to be a hard-ass who knows
what she's doing that's usually her
carry an openness I know that I care
about
inexperienced learning the ropes Laura
Croft
I guess people might disagree with you
if it was this gate I think this game
was pretty popular that's fine
but rich role models hard-ass
ass-kicking to Raiders are good role
models
I just don't think to rating is a viable
career for anyone now knowledgeable
experienced train to Raiders
I don't think Lara Croft is a good role
model you can say that have a lot of
characters I'm at the characters have to
be role models no no and I don't think
she's supposed to be able Punisher not a
role model not a role model
probably supposed to do something
it's called stealing cultural heritage
that's literally her job literally
that's her job she she's a privilege
she's a privilege to affluent white lady
who oftentimes steals from dead there
were lesser cultures yes yes and by
often times you made constant that's her
only job she's born super rich so she
doesn't need to have any other job so
she chooses to do with her free time is
to steal from other people yes that's
exactly what I'm saying about Lera
I got me a puzzle here rich probably
supposed to be something that
that's okay there we go there we go
you did the puzzle thing here we hit
these things with my shoulder
look like a puzzle yeah that's a bit of
a puzzle Indiana Jones is also a Tomb
Raider that's true yep Indiana Jones is
also an affluent white person who steals
from other people it doesn't bother me
neither neither bother
as long as you're an equal-opportunity
tomb rating advocate right
right ho Jeeves says hi right ho Jeeves
you take any movie and replace the cast
with Muppets except for one human actor
which movie would you pick and which
human actor would stay in for example I
keep Al Pacino and The Godfather and
replace every other character with
Muppets that's probably the one okay now
I got I have a better and oh fuck I have
a better answer
yep Glengarry Glen Ross replaced
everyone except for Alec Baldwin and
then you just have a bunch of cussing
Muppets 12 Angry Men
was not just him dude it was training it
away I I guess we're supposed to assume
he's a bad guy cuz he grabbed at us
God QuickTime event horse shit yep
and a ton of it this is to me this is
like gaming cancer but you know I've
always been curious
but I've always been furious
predator yes except for everyone except
for the predator is a muppet ducky yours
that's a great one that's it that's a
good one
oh you have a horror movie or drama
absolutely yeah yeah castaway
Tom Hanks is the human but then you get
a Wilson that actually talks and then
and then he comes and then he comes back
and like Helen Hunt is a muppet a
QuickTime event is a cutscene where you
can't pay any attention to what happens
in the cutscene because you got a watch
with the stupid button prompts yeah
QuickTime events are are the worst they
are the absolute worst
they are the nadir of gaming the nadir
of gameplay they're the Ralph Nader of
gameplay yes I agree I know you've used
the word nadir before but I don't
remember what it means it's the opposite
of apex Oh
that was a bad joke welcome to the
stream chat opposite of a Zenith okay
how am I supposed to move now
I just want to see if she falls off
because she teeters every once in a
while
just just for curiosity you know hold
all the way to the left or right okay
I'm gonna hold all the way to the right
nothing you seeing it
all right ready all the way to the left
bull sticks yep
okay all right now wait I think so okay
let's make fake platforming this is
first thing this is absolutely fake
absolutely so wait I think she's gonna
do a thing where she like goes oh and do
I have to like correct it
fuck Naughty Dog for yeah yeah that was
absolutely faked tension
Oh
actually that was just a test to see if
I could I thought that would kill me
like do you think I could run off this
clip you might be able do nope you bet
some falling this oh well let you wrong
yeah well let me run off it might let me
jump off what do you think you felt you
jumped off once you're doing so I'm
gonna say yes it will let you jump off
hey won't let you just run off though it
stops you automatically okay and yeah
you can't jump off okay testing my just
tested my limits here chat don't worry
just testing and testing our limits yes
I know this isn't Naughty Dog but that
was totally some Naughty Dog inspired
bullshit yeah this is the game that was
probably the fake platforming inspired
by this or you're gonna fall off but
there's no way you could ever possibly
fall off and you're fine yeah you based
off of the success of Naughty Dog I
think that's a fair way to put it rich
oh here we go look at this this whole
this whole airplane section this is
gonna be nothing but bad
once you get to the main game it's much
more open world than stupid platform
okay I can only comment on what I've
seen so far though
yeah this is pretty tutorial II which is
fine
can we get a review of this game
probably not do you guys use your
Nintendo switches at all anymore no oh
really fine system but yeah mine's been
pretty dusty mine's been pretty dusty
while I've been playing Witcher 3 yep
but I plan to get a bunch of use out of
it if Dark Souls remastered ever comes
to it yeah that's that's my plan for the
switch is to make it a Dark Souls
machine all scrambled
but the portability doesn't do that much
for me I'd rather just play Dark Souls
in a PC oh right yeah no and I could I'm
being incredibly stubborn about playing
Dark Souls on this which I currently
have Dark Souls on the PC I could get
Dark Souls remastered on the PC but I'm
just like I've said it in my head that
I'm gonna play it on the switch and so
I'm waiting fuck even even breath of the
Wow I'd rather play that on my PC oh no
I did but you know what before Witcher 3
I did an entire replay through of breath
of the wild yeah on the switch and man
that was great that was a hootenanny
that was an absolute hootenanny
any additional thoughts on The Witcher
no I think it's great I think it's a
fantastic game I you know I know one of
the things that rich and I talked about
as far as The Witcher is concerned is
like kind of what what makes me is so
into The Witcher even though it's a very
story heavy game unlike most other story
heavy games and it's all about the
actual choices you make at any point I
can say fuck you story and just go to
the woods yeah rather than following
being rather than being the game
designers puppet yeah yeah and and you
know what then when I go to the story
it's like you know what I do want to see
what happens next to Tris or whoever the
fuck I'm trying to fuck right now like
I'll go along with your story for a
little bit and then even in the story I
get to make choices I get to make
decisions as what kind of character I
want to be do I want to kill this person
do I want to help them yeah and then if
I get bored fucking I'm taking some
monster contracts years ago when we used
to have more debates about the story and
games that's the kind of shit I was
talking about I said games can have good
stories Ames can do stories right and I
feel that it happened so little I didn't
even know it could be that good yeah
nice it's not it's not where they do
cinematic shit it's where they actually
use the the medium to its full potential
right and they they give you some agency
and what happens and that's the thing
the most important part it's like I feel
like I have some control over how I play
the game even during the story have
heavy elements so I mean I'm still in
skill yeah and I've been rocket leaking
this past week so I haven't played it
much but it's possibly just been one
person saying it a couple times but
there's there's been some people on the
chat don't seem to like the motion blur
there's motion blur back
okay next time I'm not in the cutscene I
will deal with the motion blur give me a
moment
I'm in a cutscene it's my favorite Star
Wars game this is TIE fighter
oh Jesus Christ is that a weird
animation or she cold do you see it head
I think that's both weird animation and
cold this there's that many good Star
Wars games there's like three to choose
from
hold on I think some gameplay is about
to happen
nope
never mind you got Thai fighter and then
you got Jedi Outcast Jedi Knight - or
dark forces 3 all in the same game line
it and you know a Coca Cola or quarter
it's story heavy and I don't give a fuck
about the Star Wars universe is the
problem so I'm sure it's great if you
like Star Wars and Jedi's I'm sure it's
great coat or court or Court or I know I
know that sounds like a magical
incantation coat our coats our court or
TIE fighter and Jedi Knight - those -
those are my answers motion blur off
motion blur is off apply great resume if
you say coat or three times
angry Star Wars fans ask you to play it
I know you have to be careful you just
Betelgeuse the fuck out of Kotor rich
Couture is Mass Effect in space wait a
minute so it's got a shitty ending that
ruins the series and isn't Mass Effect
and Mass Effect in space ok
that was totally a joke what are you so
worried about check the damn wound Lera
how have you not bled out yet right
because she's a video game character
seriously Wow thank you feel better I
trust you broth trusts you you got this
I you know and I still remember finally
speaking of you know my favorite Star
Wars games I think you know kind of the
the original like battlefront - yeah I
had a lot of hours in the original
battlefront - just kind of going through
the different battles being different
you know like he could be the droid army
you could be the stormtroopers that was
there were some fun to be there was some
dumb fun to be had in the original
battlefront - shockingly somebody who
doesn't consider himself much of a Star
Wars fan I don't go out of my way to
play all of the Star Wars game it's so
weird it's so weird next you're gonna
tell me you haven't played any of the
Marvel games why are they playing this
game cuz we didn't really know what to
play and I said to myself hey I've never
played that Tomb Raider reboot why don't
we play it and we get extended scenes
like this where we can just talk and not
have to worry about the game Republic
Commando clone troopers make me want to
throw up
change the subject immediately go just
be fried mansis crispy fried man's the
Cowboy Bebop look the movie knockin on
heaven's door yes coming to theaters in
August 15th and 16th for the 20th
anniversary yeah seeing if it's playing
at a theater near you if I ever didn't
try watching Cowboy Bebop I probably
wouldn't start with the movie no you
probably to start with the TV show the
come-up is is a sawa anime some really
fun ideas and if you watch it you should
never tell the channel as we've already
discussed because if you ever saw it and
liked it they would never shut up about
anime for ever and ever amen
is this movie something that's like
brand-new they've made or something no
it's it's it's part of the series of the
original couple of you yeah
theaters are doing that a lot nowadays
you know they're they're taking kind of
cult classics and replaying them in the
theaters because attendance is down in
general so they got to go for the nisha
markets Oh a deer run run
great
Johnson 89 cents thanks for streaming
just finished dooms rewatching your old
streams
I had forgotten Jack used to controller
for FPS since he didn't like using a
mouse yeah
are there any other ways that streaming
is impacted how you play games ID
inverted because we played straight on
stream that's Ryan strafe did not have
an the early version of strafe I'm sure
they've since changed it did not have an
option to invert your controls and by
the end of the night I realized I was
kind of starting to get you stuff and I
thought you know what my gaming life
would be a little just a little bit less
convenient if I didn't have to go and
manually tell every game to invert my
controls oh yeah so I just went with it
and kept playing games inverted until I
just used to add took the inverted D
inverted right D inverted took me less
than a week that's great
ya know and III hardcore taught myself
you know mouse and keyboard I still
don't use a keyboard because I find I
find moving with keys to be horrible and
uncomfortable and I can never you know
like cuz it's not just about movement
it's not just about WASD it's also like
your your menu your reload button your
like all that shit right and I can't do
that with my fingers and so I have my
little nunchucks D Lee and I have a
mouse and that's how I first person
shooter now you got a mouth like mine
you got to sign a lot of buttons just to
the side of the mouse oh yeah nobody you
know what I still prefer the joystick
for movement it makes sense because then
instead of wasting three fingers for
movement it's one thumb
okay speaking of by the way I thought
I'd be inverted you already what did we
think of the doom movie with the rock
back in the day did you watch it when it
came out I've never seen it because it
just doesn't sound much like doom yeah
they're like weird like virus mutations
and that demons from hell
you've got a team of people rather than
just like the doom guy yep no isn't even
Mars and you know I have seen it but
I've seen it so long ago I don't
necessarily remember it it sounds like
it's stray so far from doom that like
the only connection it just seemed like
just like the fucking name yeah I'm sure
that's it rich have you ever watched the
Lord of the Rings trilogy so what do you
think of them
alright I don't I don't think they're
anywhere near as amazing as everyone
else does but they're alright I don't
hate them that's fair I think they're
amazing
I think they're just gosh darn amazing I
take that rope that's a good rope I
could pray
oh shit oh oh I see you technically I
can admit they do a lot of amazing
things a lot of amazing set pieces but
as a story it's fine I think Chad I
think jack is trying to kill the deal
there we go got him
well yeah you're supposed to she said
she was hungry and there's a nice deer
here so boom food salt how do I feel
about fantasy in general um probably at
heart I'm more of a science fiction guy
but there's there's been fantasy I'd
like this room Warhammer 40k really
blurs the line and I think it's a neat
setting thief Dishonored yeah dishonored
is a mess yeah nice fantasy setting I
hate that shit that blood splatter on
the camera shit
right back to camp
back to camp
you know there's there's room for both
just nut says just handled my stolen
wallet and credit card fraud issues
before in real damage was done now
here's a tip for two frauds I don't mind
taking my money
cheers Cheers indeed I'm sorry for your
issues but you know good good for you
getting that taken care of quick you
know I've got to shut that down before
the thieves can spend any money
UNC Dan 85 cents hey guys
hi I recently did some open mic stand-up
comedy and had a blast I know jack did
some before so I'm giving you guys a tip
for any tips in return I've never done
stand-up but I imagine if you're
inexperienced it's gonna be painful
mm-hm yeah like you pretty much
guaranteed to bomb your first time out
is it like a guarantee like like the
firt you know like sometimes you'll be
fortunate enough to like your first time
you'll be like in a very nice setting
full of like very supportive people yeah
got your rabbit and so you know that's a
really good situation like maybe if
you're at like a local talent show or
something like that but the very first
time you do like open mic open mic
you're gonna bomb and it's great it's a
great learning experience and then if
even if you get like just a little bit
of a laugh at one point you're gold
yep you feel great and then you come
back the next week and bomb again man
it's fucking great it's you feed that
inch man now and you know the only tip
and advice is just it's the same tip and
advice as with literally anything which
is just keep doing it keep doing it till
you good at it you know the same advice
for anything you do is the more you do
it the better you will be at it
even though it might not seem it
sometimes sure blue review says Benny
from vine sauce is a big rlm fan and
likes to make tums jokes he wanted to
see your tongues emote and I saved the
day as the only one of the thousands of
viewers subscribed to you guys but now
I'm popular as Chad you did it all so he
said the emote look shitty oh yes yes it
does sure why not I made it I you know
what I put you know I probably look
shitty because I took like an actual
tums thing and just shrunk it down till
it fit cuz you gotta make like the emote
has to look how small that has to be how
do you make of that look how do you make
something it's pretty bad but how do you
make it look good and also look like
right you have it's the tongues have
like tongues turn on the pill yeah
pastel-colored thumbs pillow with the
Tom's logo on it you need the bottle of
Thomas hey I feel like you know we have
it's just small tablet well Tom's tab
thumbs tab that's all you need okay
sounds like Ritchie's making the next
amount that'll be great
you on that sure okay sure rich will
make it it'll be great and then Vinnie
from vine sauce love it will love it
and then it will truly be a tongues
festival yes you kwanzas jacket rich say
you get to choose which IP disney
converts to a cinematic universe which
would you choose
I call dibs on Farscape cinematic
universe no there's no no no no they
already did for escape right what are
you gonna do recast John Crichton that's
that's half of what makes this series so
good the only Farscape alone right I
don't know that we need another
cinematic universe in our lives okay but
if you had to pick one as as I just
brought it up earlier I'm gonna say
Warhammer 40k interesting that would
make for an interesting cinematic
universe hmm there's a lot there there's
a lot there's a lot of movies you could
make a lot of lore yeah yeah I mean they
would fuck it up but sure why not
music open on the doors that magically
open there is actually a Warhammer 40k
movie which which one I know not of this
thing
oh wait did you say Warcraft or
Warhammer or did I Monsieur there is a
there's a another's work prayer it's
already a Warcraft movie yes I said more
hammer but Warcraft isn't in the
Warhammer universe is it no I don't
think so they're owned by different
people right now but you know like and
and this might be this might be just
because it's the thing I'm really into
right now but there seems to be a lot of
fun shit in the witcher universe yeah
and you know obviously like I'm a fan of
fantasy I'm a fan of that Tolkien's
fantasy it seems The Witcher well it
might be a great game enough put the
game down yeah
but seems like a fairly generic fantasy
universe it is it doesn't seem much
different to me than Lord of the Rings
but the only difference is Lord of the
Rings kind of has its scope and The
Witcher is like it's The Witcher is like
dirty Lord of the Rings what are the
Rings is already you seen those movies
it's already kind of dirty Lord of the
Rings in places in places but they just
dip into that alright and alright we get
a lot more bloodshed we'd get a lot
cooler monsters it's working off of some
different folklore but I think we'd get
some cooler monsters Witcher is way
different look I admit I'm speaking from
limited experience I'm just talking
about for what I've seen Jack's stream
oh no I knew I mean you're right it's
fantasy you know like there's some elves
there's some dwarves right like it's
it's all in the same soup but but we'd
get more ghosts and cooler monsters okay
okay I'd like to I'd like to see a some
Witcher but of course that's also just
the thing that I'm super into right now
so that's a very that's a very dull
answer
oh god this is insane
you guys ever play some of the good
Metal Gear games the well we've played
didn't stream a little bit of five yeah
I like the gameplay and enjoyed it and
enjoyed it
you're not the story you fucking fucks
and you absolute horrible cunts Metal
Gear 1 are all not Metal Gear 1 though
why actually on the Ness I didn't play
the NES version oh did you yeah
but I smelled your solid did we play
that I've played it oh I've played it
usually like years ago when it came out
I played it did we stream it no I don't
think so oh oh no I was obsessed with
the original Metal Gear Solid when it
first came out
I'm absolutely obsessed I wanted to get
into it but the story kept just turning
me off like robot ninjas and mm-hmm evil
clone yes I kept wanting to get into it
and the story kept chasing me away and
that was that was one of the more
grounded Metal Gear stories uh-huh
that's great it was great
yeah I was super into that though to be
fair yeah that was that was when when
that came out or at least when I play
that that was kind of the height of my
pothead days and I believe that was
directly linked to when I started to
become super super paranoid and so I
would lock myself in my room get really
high and play Metal Gear Solid and it
did not help my paranoia so I think
there's also a dark side to Metal Gear
Solid okay but I was very obsessed with
that guy I played it a lot played it up
launched I you know what did I even like
that part with the with the invisible
ninja I figure out and then you know
Psycho Mantis taking over your
controller oh yeah it's great great
times person in the chat there's nothing
wrong with being silly it's just the
fact that Metal Gear never makes up its
mind on whether or not it wants to be
silly like really insanely wacky silly
or or high realistic military drama
about the horrors of war right it
doesn't know what it is and you can do
both but the flow into each other needs
to be smooth and that's not Metal Gear
style they smash into each other
carelessly and recklessly I just want a
consistent tone man that's or or smooth
flow just like you know like it's okay
to make a joke every once in a while in
you're serious thing right Hitchhiker's
Guide to the galaxy yeah consistently
silly uh-huh
crouch
I think the charm of Metal Gear Solid is
the crazy shifts in tone okay now
considering that's what I don't like
it's no shock that I'm not a family
right
you can like what you if you like that I
understand I fully understand people
love it mm-hm I know it's one of the
most popular things that has ever been
in a video game
hmm I'm not stupid but but we're you're
asking me what I like and I'm telling
you why I don't like it it wants to be
it wants to be silly and pretentious at
the same time and different one moment
than one woman's pretentious than the
next minute it's silly
no I'm pretentious again mm-hmm now I'm
extremely silly and now we're now we're
lamenting on the horrors of war but then
there's a space whale yeah can you tell
me more I'm intrigued
believe it or not a couple thousand
years ago Queen Hanako pretty much ran
things in Japan do I like the
blood-borne stir now it's dark and
twisted hey I like the bloodborne
atmosphere mm-hmm I I don't care much
about any kind of story that's actually
going on if that makes any sense well
like so I think you know blood-borne is
a really good example of telling a story
without a story if I if I can be a huge
dick I am not connected to you and that
clear can I just put on my dick head
yeah you go ahead okay that here's my
dickhead hat blood-borne
doesn't really have a story but it does
a very good job of building out its
world it has story aspects without
having a story that's a huge dickhead
thing to say I know and I'm really sorry
there are people who will tell you that
blood-borne in fact has a story I'm not
I know I'm not even now I'm not even
caring enough to look up but people
interpret as what is going on and why
it's going on I just don't care enough
but you're saying it's not there at all
I'm saying there's very very little of
it but like of actual I like because
right if you could sum up the whole
story in like a sentence it's like
there's there's the night of the hunt
and you got to kill the hunter because
he's letting the hunt things out like
this is still any story down to
something I guess that's true
Jurassic Park spot a guy who makes some
dinosaurs first of all I'm down shit
using paying attention what do I have to
do Saving Private Ryan vibe trying to
save some war guy so his mother's happy
you can do that to any story that's true
that's fair but I think in blood-borne
skates it's its bit there's very little
actual like point a point B story stuff
I think all of their story is in the
world-building okay okay and they do a
very good job of creating a live and
compelling world it's fully realized
without necessarily telling a story
Texas panhandler says hey guys been a
while since I've been able to watch
looking good
thanks for keeping it going welcome
faint bloodshot says I worked on Wonder
Woman to in Washington DC for days on
the grip crew in June but I can say that
this might be the first really good DC
even felt also when cameras in ski
started following me today in Instagram
which definitely made my a good only
congratulations you didn't like the
first Wonder Woman valiant blood shot I
like this it's a good movie it's a good
superhero movie and then if you compare
it to all the rest of the DC EU it's
just like oh yeah that's got a good one
they got a good one like or if you are
going to integrate Wonder Woman into the
MCU yeah you have something that's like
in the lower quarter of their movies I'd
say upper half okay okay I definitely
wouldn't but we're different people
where did we are like I put the Wonder
Woman movie above your ant-man's your
Doctor Strange is your your Thor's below
your Captain America winter soldiers
Iron Man 3 of course some level before
oh yeah he's a very sore
I don't think throw is that bad either
and the Thor's not bad yeah you know
what Thor is alright Thursday okay
Wonder Woman's better than I
that's my official Wonderwoman review
better than I base camp oh I don't have
any skills oh yeah it's a lot of folios
okay it's okay that we have differing
opinions on these things also yeah
it's all clear cuz of me dick has Jack
seen more Venture Brothers I'm gonna
aren't I'm gonna predict ya that you
have not you'll say I'll get around to
it eventually and then you never will I
just don't care I know it's on my list
it's on my list
don't even pretend that's no right now
what you're insulting Oliver and tell no
no like it is not high up on my list
rich but it's on there maybe I don't
like after seeing a couple episodes I
don't care it might be something I get
into I know I like I got a ton of shit
on Twitter after I said I didn't care
and people said you've got to give it a
whole season and I don't know if I have
that in me I think you just need to get
to some of the better episodes in the
season sure you ever I don't know it's
it's not high up on my list but it is on
my list I will give it another chance
like I don't think the pilot is a very
good representation of the series right
right I mean that's a lot of television
and that's not a you know just start on
season two I could I could jump around a
little bit
I'll give it a couple more episodes
I'm willing to watch a stream of Jack
watching The Venture Brothers like just
watching Jack watch them and nothing
else for three hours that's borderline
creepy yeah just putting that out there
I think starting at season two might be
weird
maybe the tail end of season one but I
think I think I think enough I don't
know I don't know that the start of
season two is great for beginners okay
I'll give it a couple more episodes I
will it's it might not happen anytime
soon
there's there's things that I you know
that I'd like to watch there's things
that I generally want to watch oh fuck
no can't go in there all right need a
better X apparently
is there ever gonna show that had a good
pilot and a good first season lost off
top my head
Rick and Morty lost has a fantastic
first season and one of the best pilots
ever obviously you know it gets
debatable after that but the lost pilot
is fantastic in the first season I think
is good I think the first two seasons
are great with no Walking Dead pilot p.o
The Walking Dead is the Walking Dead
pilot to one of the best zombie movies
ever I fully agree with that statement
no doubt about it even the first season
it's pretty alright here's another
here's another one of those situations
right oh wait wait Kenneth off
Jack hasn't made it to Episode two
careers in science has he just the pilot
and the first episode right he's barely
dipped a toe I know the pilot weight of
the Venture Brothers
so way there's pilot and episode usually
it's pilot episode two like pilot is
episode one are you saying not really I
don't I don't think the pilot aired on
TV at first oh well I just watched it on
Hulu so I don't know if someone wants to
look up I watched the very first two
things that are on Hulu of The Venture
Brothers so whatever that is those are
the things I watched yeah I saw I don't
know if I did watch the pilot or if I
watched episode 1 & 2 of season 1 you
know you all have to tell me y'all
x2 fragile pilot I didn't know this I
didn't know the pilot aired a year and a
half ahead of the series it was part of
an Adult Swim's testing the water with
pilots oh okay
so today so according to hulu did i
watch the pilot or did i watch episode
was a plot the ninja that was pilot okay
that wasn't episode 1 okay so yes that
all I've seen is the pilot in Episode
one apparently I think you need to watch
tag sale you're it okay and ghost of the
Sark a star those are the two tags
failure it in tag sales you're it and
ghost of the sarcasm okay and if you
don't like those even though the show
does get better after that I don't think
it's for you if you don't like those
okay
tag sale you're at ghost of the Scirocco
yes Sargasso goes to the thing ghost of
the Sargasso all the thing with the
thing no problem
maybe the one that says ghost of right
some shows this is a gyro I don't cross
your name right which adds some shows
call the first episode that airs pilot a
pilot even though an actual pilot is
something you make to show producers for
green lighting the project and not for
the general public yes
well then it sounds to me like TV
producers need to get their shit
together
well it's the whole reason you make a
pilot is did work the kinks out and to
see if it's worth doing oh yeah but but
you know sometimes it's pilots sometimes
it's episode one so I get confused okay
do that find a camp and oh I gotta find
a camp in a car there's 97th jackal says
a movie suggestion for J if I'll hear it
sorry to bother you so so fucking weird
and good especially Act three okay
tweet it to J yeah isn't any forces hey
y'all hey you guys Jack oh yeah great
job on the Bale Batman episode made me
almost peed myself the first time I
heard your voice hey also have you ever
seen the Big O anime yeah reminds me of
the cartoon it's like no are Batman
mixed with giant mecha used to be on old
Toonami I remember that I remember that
old Toonami yeah big I was fun not it
never to me it never got what was it it
to me it never got like great it was
always like borderline interesting the
whole big o thing but uh yeah yeah her
tree her tree fucker says hey guys
tipping to recommend everyone the arrow
blu-ray release of reanimate err it's
fantastic and a must-have for fans of
the film this is a great commentary
track with Jeffrey Combs and Barbara
Crampton nice okay
nice re-animator that's an interesting
little flicky got there the reanimate er
what a riches favorite riches favorite
Star Trek series T&G; TOS ds9 voyager the
other ones good those who will not be
named the other ones but that order that
order that sounds absolutely correct yes
let's do this doctor
a chat discovery doesn't feel anything
like Star Trek
it's a passable action show but it
doesn't it a calling it a Star Trek show
is just weird second name only
yeah I mean every once in a while they
would come close in Discovery to
something almost Star Trek like like oh
yeah this could be like if you just went
with that idea instead of what you did
do this could be a neat Star Trek
episode I'm just slogging through
Voyager at the moment and fuck me it's
taking a long time yeah yeah that's
Voyager yeah sorry
favorite Ninja Turtle Leonardo Jake the
pizzas Vani Vidya on YouTube really
in-depth videos on the story of Dark
Souls and blood-borne hmm some stuff is
concrete other stuff less so but
interesting info is pieced together from
item descriptions cut content etc
well-written plus good narration that's
that's where you go if you want if you
want your blood-borne look
do whatever they say dining upstairs
Parvati Vidya I follow any TV show like
current I think we know I like Star Trek
TNG yeah I guess current veteran
brothers are still technically on the
air even though it's like three years
between seasons Rick and Morty watching
breakable Kimmy Schmidt with Karen every
time there's a new season honest thing
that's that's fantastic that's just
fantastic stranger things
not the expanse I got to get into it I
haven't tried yet yeah we can broker a
deal I'll watch I'll watch two episodes
of The Venture Brothers if you watch two
episodes of the expanse okay okay so I'm
really caring if you like what you like
Jack and I'm fine with that
no everything's fine
you don't need to like anything there's
so much there's there's so much good
television right now we are living in a
golden age another gold a golden age of
television where we can each have our
own like very specific thing that we
watch and it's fantastic it's just
fantastic
no one escapes
Vande rule says hey guys the latest
review who had a clip from a movie of a
puppet throwing a knife at a small child
with hilariously bad effects and the
group I watched bad movies with couldn't
figure out what movie it's from any
ideas no I haven't I haven't seen the
episode actually I don't know what these
I think I know what they're talking
about
I have an idea but I don't know for sure
were you very that man yeah yeah
yeah then you know then you know I know
I'm gonna hold onto that yep you got a
hold on to that information
keep that keep that right under your
head I don't know the name of it anyway
haha so there ha ha no this is this is
one of those just for us Sbisa says hi
guys first time I ever tried can't you
guys live so I just wanted to take this
moment to thank you for your wonderful
videos it's easily the best content of
YouTube stay awesome thank you vrh
Admiral Ackbar says Jack why you need to
watch Ice Station impossible to and The
Venture Brothers first season fuck off
classic fantastic for parity like it's
it chat it's over it's over I'll get
around to it I'll try I'll try to get
around to just say no I'll try to get
around to it just say no Jack it's you
know it's it's I'm not I'm not I'm not
saying no I'm just not saying absolutely
when I miss she killed a guy no he was
he was possibly trying to rape her
though every time like it looked like he
was trying to rape her but whenever I
missed the button prompt he would just
choke me out No and so like they never
wanted to go full rape but that was the
implication and she killed the guy and
very torture for me and now we're
getting now I have a gun so we're full
out we're full uncharted okay okay I
can't go down that that's fine
I go in
which is fine everything's fine maybe
keep following these stairs I'm not a
hundred percent sure where I'm supposed
to be going oh but my character just
slowed down without me slowing it down
so something important must be happening
she just a shot with like a flaming
arrow
but I just got some bullets
nope headshot
Kate
got it wait didn't you help my bow and
arrow
we fans of the Bill and Ted movies
excited for the announcement of a third
well how official is the third one it
was fairly official until today Oh
until today what happened today
apparently there is some question on
whether or not they have the rights to
make a third bill in Ted movie and so it
might be a case of people like Keanu
Reeves and everyone wants to do it but
they can't because like whoever owns the
rights to it won't sell them to them or
whatever they're basically people might
want to make it but they might not be
able to so too bad so sad and for the
record I am a fan of adventure and
journey mmm as you should be that's the
correct answer as everyone should be
there so focus journey
maybe they're just fantastic movies are
well but you've mentioned in the past if
you're a fan of Farscape you know where
I can watch it I know it used to be on
Netflix I don't know that it is anymore
Jack when you started watching the farce
game
way back when it was on Netflix it was
on deck okay I don't know if it's still
on Netflix now it's very possible it's
still on that place
hey I want my gun back yeah
open overlook at ya behave it really
wants me to use the bow and arrow silent
kill mm-hmm that's fine
mr. Bob blocks Bob says I apologize
about how impossible my username is
maybe I should change it anyway
but I agree with your praise on the
Cobra Kai the karate kid Cheryl it's
pretty damn great the show is the only
official sequel in my mind it's pretty
good
Cobra guys great dance cute do you watch
the little thing I didn't watch the
whole thing yeah I got like half way
through it and yeah obviously just you
know life got in the way but no it's
cute overalls cute I like it
I did long tutorial is long yeah we're
getting into more the gameplay now it's
fine it's fine
you've got to watch the others rocks
don't worry about them right now you
just do whatever it takes to get to me
Lana I'll try that I that I
yes Cobra Kai was a huge surprise like
who would have fought a fucking granny
kid TV series forty years the original
starring the same two guys kind of with
the roles reversed would work yeah
just one of those weirdo
they have to be they have to be I don't
know what the hell is going on here all
that matters is it rough find a way
together she's British what she always
has been
yeah that's that's the thing that is the
thing with Laura Croft he did it you
cracked the code
salvaged
salvaged complete okay all right great
we did it we did it everyone
so Jack rich Oh how familiar are you
with the Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy I read the book a long-ass time
ago okay and I've seen the movie so not
that familiar I am i I would not call
myself incredibly familiar and you just
read the first book yes okay
damn why Oz I've had a casting thought
for Zaphod okay but if you're not that
familiar with the phrase I say go with
it anyway because the chat might like ya
know I was thinking like I was talking
with Karen about just casting The
Hitchhiker's TV show yeah and we were
going back and forth like who the hell
would play Zaphod and I thought about it
he's dead now but like dream casting
okay David Bowie
I mean he's interesting choice in any
acting situation absolutely I don't know
how he'd handle comedy I mean first that
he can handle anything so yeah he'll be
fine with that
what is that father explain it describes
a Fonz character big ego smooth smooth
talker okay
incredibly intelligent yet also
incredibly crazy
that's very David Bowie yam I like it
just a little bit nuts
just got word from twice bitch looks
like a smaller escape
father Mathias with himself told us to
stay out what why I don't another girl
for the ritual
also I think of Douglas Adams had any
idea that they were going to at some
point do film versions of The
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy yeah he
never would have sent Zaphod high
standards absolutely never would have
said that right
it was basically a joke it was
originally a radio play right and so
it's just a way a way to have some fun
with the radio audience yeah I mean I'm
sorry I can't be with you on Zaphod talk
I know that's fine it's fine it's all
fine or is it
or you just give it to David Bowie and
give him two heads we have CG takeout oh
he can't give it and saving for now
Touche also because Jack's not gonna
have great feedback
I was thinking also dream casting
because some of these people are dead
Arthur Dent Graham Chapman who's Graham
Chapman the the dead Python the dead the
dead Python the one who played King
Arthur and Monty Python and the Holy
Grail
oh yeah he's great and Brian and Life of
Brian and Eric Idle as Ford very very
British because he's British but but
weird enough that you could you yeah
he's definitely feels like an alien I
mean though is is that just too easy
because like if you if you cast if you
cast any Monty Python actors in a quirky
British comedy isn't that just cheating
might be you know who would work in this
wordy quirky British comedy guys
as far as Marvin the the depressed robot
or Android I turn a blink at his name
Hans Gruber's Snape Alan Rickman
Alan Rickman did a fantastic job in 2005
movie it's one of the few good things
well Matthew so one of the good things
in the 2005 Hitchhiker's movie
they're really old now while we're
talking about dream casting
there she is
again picking them up I did great
tintin tintin tintin
what about Chilean I have no idea me and
Karen we're drawing blanks I think part
of the problem is she really doesn't
have a very strong character she's just
I guess kind of the voice of reason
that's not a very strong care kind of
kind of the voice of reason you want to
really distill a character down that's
not that's not a description you want to
hear
maybe she's stirring
nope I think the game crashed
letting the game crashed
okay game crashed you know you know what
we need to add to the stream deck a
quick show don't show Game Capture and
add it on the to-do list add it on the
to-do list
hold your horses we got it we got a
classic good old-fashioned game crash
control-alt-delete motherfucker nope
nope mr. Bob blocks bomb says who would
you cast in a remake it back to the
future if you absolutely had to like
like there's a gun against my head yep I
guess for my own entertainment I would
just cast the worst people imaginable
just the worst choice is all around I
like it Doc Brown Jim Carrey you know he
would go for that I know he would be
horribly obnoxious he would go for that
role so not only did it crash everything
we we now see this chat take a look at
this this is what we see
I want to try to go to task manager yeah
that's what that's what we see now is
there a way I can do that from here just
sign out there we go well let's stop the
rain noise at least hey there we go no
we did it okay great
everything's fine now everything's fine
now and back to Raiden tombs Melissa
McCarthy is Marty McFly and Jim Carrey
is Doc Brown I love it Chad Michael Cera
is Biff and Michael Cera it's like it's
like instead of gender flip uh-huh you
like bully flip flip yes you bully flip
Melissa McCarthy is a bit of a bully
Marty McFly picking on Michael Cera the
classic bully flip that's genius
I love it
Will Smith this principal stackless
Strickland yeah yes wait which one do I
want here do I want last campsite save
or whatever or to save number one I
don't number one which one gets me
further who knows this game who knows
this gaming can tell me which one the
delorean would be a moped no the
DeLorean would be genuine product
placement it would be a nice modern car
and not a joke oh yeah I know like a
good like a like a Lexus or a guy or
something like that yeah probably one
yeah everyone things would be a Tesla it
would it wouldn't know I can't it can't
be any kind of joke no no it wouldn't be
a Tesla cause like Tesla wouldn't pay
for that kind of product pay play pay
plot product placement it would be
something like some kind of SUV yeah
from a major card a major car company
just a modern SUV yep
because remember we're making this as
poorly as we possibly can
and if melissa mccarthy is marty mcfly
than her dad the Lea Thompson role is
Adam Sandler okay right okay
and that would mean and Rob Schneider is
the may is the one who grows up to be
the mayor and all of Adam Sandler's crew
is there it makes perfect sense it all
makes perfect sense
the car would talk hmm hmm sure why not
we're trying to make this as bad as
possible the card talks the car talks
and it's voiced by Jerry Seinfeld of
b-movie Fame Gilbert Gottfried Oh God
you are all jokes right now but I
imagine this is pretty damn close to
what the real Hollywood boardroom
meetings are like it's happened before
possibly yeah it's happened before where
our jokes and comfortable yeah
hey there you're getting pretty close to
88 miles per hour
what's the deal I thought you were doing
Don Knotts that was a Jerry Seinfeld
you're totally doing Don Knotts why
would I why would anyone who would your
jury doc you're Jerry Seinfeld sounds
like Don Dave anything it was a Patrick
or a Jimmy Stewart interpret Jimmy sure
no you go over some words every now and
then you just go way up high the air but
if you do Jimmy Stewart without fumbling
it's kind of Jerry Seinfeld what's the
deal but the son when you were doing
that's what I'm sure what's the deal
back
okay okay
everything
Storm Templar says storm Templar if I
got you all Verma - - would y'all play
it Jack who is the best Witcher gal
funnel mud puddle I know nothing about
Hermitude - it's I don't nothing about
Verma two-b---one its Verma - - is uh is
left for dead but with rats and some
zombies yeah that's it it's left for
dead but with rats instead of Siamese
you know might be fun to play I don't
know
so far you know I don't know much about
or shaken its home yeah
like when you're moving stuff my I
looked over just briefly and it made me
mildly motion the second I did it and I
don't know much about the The Witcher
ladies yet
to be honest it's all rigid Skaven not
rats that just makes no sense to me and
what is the statement it's a rat
there's like a rat man or something it's
a fantasy rat okay
yeah that makes a big difference
this is basically a naughty dog game why
play I don't know yeah why not what else
we gonna play
- we got to play sometimes you know I I
think as part of our jobs is one of the
pieces of it is just to kind of know
what games are like and it was pretty
obvious that this Laura Croft game was
very naughty dog esque but how did we
how would we know unless we've
experienced it firsthand and now we do
so we can talk a little more and fall
madly about Galera problems isn't that
nice we can talk about flooding prompts
with tiny bags
now it's not real gameplay it's just
pressed the thing I show it's dance
dance revelution without any of the fun
multiplayer stardew no not the only the
only I don't know who would be
interested in a multiplayer star do
other than just people who are a couple
right that's a that's who it's for which
by the way like I think that would be
great
yeah except for then you would have like
then you could only play if the two of
you could play together yeah and you
know you're just not together all the
time I I could only imagine like just
thinking for Lisa and I we get so few
time just to like watch a TV show
together uh-huh and then it's just like
like hon we gotta go like it's time to
you know for the farm we got to do the
farm to the farm today you know yeah
like I can only imagine that's a whole
nother frustrating experience
like my interest in multiplayer stardew
valleys somewhere in the high negatives
yep
you know hey I remember liking a bit of
heat signature it had a it had some
decent ideas which one was that
remember that was like the space one
where you had to like find a ship in
space and then it was like a little a
little bit like um what was the top-down
twins that was fine yeah it had a lot of
really neat ideas I think there was like
nothing hugely cohesive about it but
yeah some really neat ideas I loved the
fact that you know like you get kicked
out of the spaceship hop in your
spaceship and then jump back into their
spaceship to finish the job it'd be
super low negatives further from zero
not a low negative would be closer to
zero because it's a low negative
a low negative to be like negative one
oh jesus oh god yes I don't know I don't
know the correct answer to that my
grammar is not on point rich
so I assume the plan is to take that up
to the radio tower I should give us the
best shot of broadcasting a strong
signal in every direction
negative 200 is a lower number than
negative 100 but it is a no-no and I've
just refused myself but it's a high
negative it's a higher negative it's a
higher negative which means a lower
number yeah no no I don't like it I
don't like I don't like this just talk
Hertz just don't know it yet
well that type of my fast letter then
just be careful
are you looking forward to Sacha Baron
Cohen's new show the already like the
the five minutes we have of it is
brilliant did you see that clip now
roaming around today a new show it's
gonna have some kind of new show there's
there's a little bit of a clip going
around today
where he convinced people to endorse his
idea to arm of three and four-year-olds
okay he Stewie says he started a program
in Israel or wherever you know his
characters from were they armed
preschoolers and so he convinced people
like I'm talking like congressmen to
endorse this idea of giving
three-year-olds guns and it's great it's
just great it's just brilliant there
were there was one there was one
congressman that was that was talking
about like the health benefits of giving
children gun and was just like naming
prominent rappers uh-huh like he's like
studies have shown that this and you can
tell he's like reading off of a
teleprompter he's like have that this
increases cardi B levels in your Gizeh
wu-tang it's that you know like it was
great huh it was just great I thought I
could find this
like that it was great it looks it looks
like a lot of fun it looks like he's
going to piss a lot of people off and
keen a classic Sacha Baron Cohen okay
it was uh it was Wiz Khalifa yes
it's gonna be great
why they hate for naughty bugs just
watch like any of our other streams for
crying out loud
for crying out loud
we need an faq make that uh make that a
hack five prompts and why we hate
Naughty Dog what should a hack pot
prompt be right then we gotta go into it
they make they made linear movies and
not games they don't they don't focus on
gameplay they don't care about gameplay
it's the second it's an afterthought
there you go well done everyone is done
ever everyone everyone is done with that
no nothing
what nothing there's no one up here they
never make it up this far okay they
already have one that says rich doesn't
care about your precious fucking story
there you go okay
chat jack is still a dumb face jerk hey
dumb butt face Joe I'm a dumb butt
Pacers yes why am i dumb butt Vassar
what did I do
did Jack watch more Venture Brothers or
is he still a dumb butt face jerk oh yes
my times we got to shoot that guy fully
dice
so with all this aiming do you regret
not playing this with a mouse no except
for now I'm stuck on something
okay doesn't seem much like a Tomb
Raider game so far I'm not doing a lot
of tuning rating like I'm I'm really old
but I I never really viewed Tomb Raider
is like a a combat focused thing like
worse whereas figuring out how to
navigate your way through the temple and
open the door the puzzle that unlocks
the chamber of the secrets that right I
assume I think that's where I'm going I
think I'm going to a tomb to raid but
yeah
listen there there there ape and they're
able off of the big moneymakers right
now the what do you call it the the
Naughty Dog team is is they make popular
games that people want to play
so you can't you can't blame them
okay go that way I can't blame the lower
cross people for wanting to make it make
some money
it's just it's not a delightful
experience though I'll be I'll be real
with you
played about story they were playing
about focusing war on combat perfect I'm
just saying doesn't seem much like a
Tomb Raider game that's all
combats flying in and of itself it
doesn't feel much like a Tomb Raider
thing
I had the first button to do that so
that was exciting I never understood the
Tomb Raider hype from back in the 90s
til now
well that's vine sauce - it's like we're
the first 3d games it's really early I
mean it was back we're just walking
around in a three-dimensional space
itself was kind of mind-blowing well and
in the original ones like wasn't it
mostly it was just like like you know in
the Legend of Zelda you'd have those
three-dimensional puzzles right we had
to like Oh figure this out to get you to
the door and then in this one you have
to figure this out to get to the next
door right like it's just puzzle solving
which I mean that's popular in a lot of
games but like rich said also at this
point in time there wasn't a lot of 3d
games yeah especially 3d games with
characters with big ol cans I think that
was overstated
I mean her cans were triangles they were
indeed triangles glorious triangles
night
I couldn't get it off but you know that
worked in an advertising sense yeah
that's it that's exactly how they got
the word out that's why everyone knew
about these games because it Cannes so
here's here's my question
okay what does this particular game have
that that Gears of War doesn't like
what's why would I why why should I play
tomb raider if I want to play a third
person shooter why should I play tomb
raider instead of Gears of War and
theoretically I can only assume at one
point we're gonna get to raid some other
fucking tombs yeah and maybe solve some
puzzles and use their wits so far Wow
we've got we got um we got female Nathan
Drake that's it I can only assume at one
point it will be about puzzle solving
because they're completely different
right what oh just what is the point of
this is I think what I'm getting at I
think there are genuinely people who
don't want a challenge when the game
yeah no in fact I know it to be true
because I've had conversations with
these people and they all they want to
do they want that illusion of game like
no I press the button I did the thing
I'm gaming and that's what I'm doing
with my free time I I think there is a
certain sect of gamers that don't want a
challenge they just say like I want a
story I want to do stuff occasionally so
I and you know unfortunately they sell
very well and not really unfortunately
because we have plenty of games that you
know if you want to challenge those
games out there there's different games
for everyone
and long stretches of narrative right so
like like I think you can have a you can
have a random gamer who pops this on
okay watch the story presses button
every once in a while maybe shoot a guy
alright
has a good night you know then they
never touch it again and then they go
that was a fine experience that's time
like it's the same it's the same kind of
people who will you know go watch a
movie and be like yep I sure did watch
that movie things happened I guess I had
a pretty good time and no this is not to
say this is not to say older games were
better because they were harder what I'm
saying is this is a really good thing
for us as gamers it's okay to have
different levels of difficulty different
genres there are games for everyone
there's hundreds of games games for
everyone not everything needs to be
blood-borne it's a lot of shooting in
this game though I think my point when I
brought Gears of War yeah didn't have to
be there's more there's there's other
games that do shooting better yeah so
what is it what is it you're getting out
of the Tomb Raider this damned walking
around the story right now it's it's
it's it's kind of bland in generic yeah
like a little bit of stealth a little
bit of shooting there's probably going
to be I I really have to hope there's
gonna be some mild puzzle-solving at
least and then yeah you just kind of
walk through it it's great
okay now take a firm grip and slicing
the underbelly like I've studied them so
much I can see Chuck on the back of my
eyelids but if I'm not right about
Yamatai being in the dragon's triangle
remember when you found that one of your
father's digs you ran up and showed it
to me just in your penguin pajamas and
it's okay you know generic doesn't
necessarily have to be about my father
used to say it was instinct but better
all was in the old tomb Raider's the
appeal was the puzzles wandering around
huge environments oh yeah sure like I
said I don't I don't know how well those
are necessarily aged I do think a large
part of the appeal of the original tomb
raider was that 3d was novel yeah that
could be that could be
I'm sure if I played the original tomb
raider I might know if I'm being honest
I would just say yeah this is boring as
fuck that might happen yeah this game is
fun
don't let Jack and Rich's cynicism
brainwash you that's exactly what we're
doing I just want us what the fun part
is that's all I'm not even really
playing it I'm just observing uh-huh I'm
just observing and it doesn't look that
special
this coin probably found
it's a shoot-'em-up game shut your mind
off shoot some shit up then I'll just
play vanquish which is really fucking
good shooting I'll play discern which is
good stealth
yeah or you could play The Witcher which
has a good story
what are you playing Tomb Raider reboot
form I really think that you are under
estimating the amount of people who like
to play casually alright and it which is
just as shallow as this the vanquish has
really fun gunplay I don't give a fuck
about the story the story can fuck the
story make wishes an adequate story for
an action game where you blow up a bunch
of fucking robots and jump around and it
well but it vanquish in this cool ass
space station vanquish vanquishes story
doesn't matter right because they've
placed a premium on on the action yeah
which is fine but but I think there are
there are people who are looking for
just you know that generic casual
experience
got to use my Witcher sense here because
of course she has a Witcher sense
vanquishes repetitive what good action
game isn't I mean seriously you know
kind of what you're hoping for is a
mastery of the skill of a mastery of
your moves over some time yeah you
varied up with you're supposed to vary
it up with like moves and location and
weapons and stuff I don't I honestly
don't remember a ton of vanquish like I
find the cinematic experience game so
tedious
you need to find a game for the story
you actually like I'll watch a movie
that's not why I'm coming to a game
typically unless it's something like The
Witcher where it's actually kind of
immersive and makes you feel like you're
a part of the story but this yeah
there's not there's not a lot of choices
to be made here and you know this is
this isn't the worst this isn't the
worst thing in the world it's fine
Arkham series has fun gameplay the
Arkham series though so you never said
I've never said a game having a linear
story is bad it's only it's only bad
when the gameplay isn't especially fun
oh yeah but Arkham has that combat
Arkham has some good stealth sequences
and that fantastic combat which they
didn't kind of invent yeah did they
invent it I don't I can't think of any
game that had Arkham style of combat
before the Arkham games did so I'm gonna
say they did alright I'll believe you
only because I don't know any better
chat prove us wrong or rich wrong prove
rich wrong I'm out of this
for better or worse I now follow
okay that's
it's beside the point if you like the
story you won't mind one comes before
the other
yeah but the gameplays should come
before the story in a game and just in
my opinion because it's a game it's just
rare to find a story which appeals to
anyone in particular and game designers
are out of their element in this regard
so the standards are low maybe their
focus should be on gameplay
stairs good let's just leave it here for
now
and get some of the others up front to
help fine let's go
third stream I've been to and third time
you've had this discussion oh I know
it's what people want to talk about
people are very defensive about their
bland cinematic games and for some
reason it's very important to them that
we like them it's very very important to
them that we like the thing that they
like you know it's just not gonna happen
why does every game need to focus
entirely on gameplay why do you play
games because there's a there's probably
a movie theater down the street
you've got Netflix Hulu you you YouTube
series they read it you could read a
book that's a really great way to enjoy
a narrative experience is reading a book
I'm reading a really fantastic book
right now you're asking me why does
every restaurant needed to serve food
that's edible
what hey and rich why aren't you asking
these important questions you know I was
at a restaurant the other day right
uh-huh
they didn't give me a drop of food but
the ambiance was fantastic like like I'm
talking like giant deep wood tables
really great silverware plates glasses
they didn't put anything on the plates
but man it looks fantastic yeah I came
home and I ate a peanut butter sandwich
but uh yeah no man had a I had a great
time at that restaurant that didn't
serve any food
sometimes rich sometimes people are
silly and that's okay thank you
David II know people says thanks for
pronouncing my name correctly rich you
should watch the 2003 Ninja Turtles show
if you have if you have the bank's time
it's an accidental banks in there
whoopsie
that's a fine it's fine we all well Hunt
mistakes banks and eat my pork pancake
you wanna eat my poor the pancake mm-hmm
haven't seen much of the 2003 show I did
watch the 2012 show like the first
season of it's great

[Part II]
Crogatron says rich the game station
set is pretty great and you're probably
the one to blame for that was any part
of it reused for space cop which piece
did you work on the most I think it was
gone long before space cop MC Lucas says
if you want to play a game that actually
has challenging and satisfying climbing
mechanics that don't hold your hand like
this game try dying light it's an open
world zombie game but the parkour while
being chased in the is the real selling
point great stream thank you
yeah that's very came from there you go
wow there's shoot him in the head shoot
him in the head
you got him no I'm heavily ursus rich
thank you so much for introducing me to
me on Rome Aramis and all of their
wonderful videos and music are all nuts
I don't think I did that this is
something you know I don't know who that
is
Aurel nuts I don't know if I've ever
heard of that
okay I'm glad I could introduce you to
that thing that I'm not they streamed
the live commentary of robot jocks
earlier today on twitch and it made my
day okay
you did it rich I
that's how influential you are you're
you're introducing to people you don't
even know are they like subscribe to
somebody on Twitter who's pretending to
be me could that be a thing cuz everyone
knows you're not on Twitter
hey everyone rich isn't on Twitter
so if you ever see someone on Twitter if
you ever see someone on Twitter
pretending to be rich Evans it ain't
educated Twitter I'd never use it I just
don't have that kind of interest in
social media
so how how did you find the are all not
or is this all part of your plan to get
us to say oral knots as much as possible
because you are actually one of the oral
knots you sick
join me again great okay
you did it crap all the things grabbing
all the things Kevin the things from the
thing when you think thing thing thing
thing
Burger King Diamond sense many people
base their identities on externals when
one says I don't like what you like in a
way you're saying that you don't like
them I can be talking out of my ass
right people people need to get over
that man right just because we like
different forms of entertainment doesn't
mean that we don't like you as a person
I mean if you're a dickhead then we
don't like you as a person and the way
you're acting attacking us for liking
the things you like an entertainment
kinda just makes me think you're a
dickhead but get over it it'll be fine
everything will be fine all the same
but can we please see the shooting game
play at a higher difficulty ai looks
really underdeveloped / ineffective
playing at normal dog sure if I can
change the difficulty level give me a
second here but what I assume is the
difficulty level just means that all the
enemies will have more health and
they'll just be a bigger pain in the ass
they do more damage sure um hold on I
have an upgrade point ammo capacity yeah
that's a good idea more ammo great
alright oh let me go to the
sure added stock all right great
all right let's see if we can know the
difficulty for this game is great it
becomes a survival game no health regen
okay
combat difficulty all right I was on
normal I moved it up to heart we are now
on Hard difficulty
hockey fall off the log and hard to pick
up no shit
Oh should I wait I was scratching my
face I'm scratching my face no I had an
itch son of a bitch I do I have to redo
all that that's not very fun Oh
well satisfy my curiosity I'm probably
not but it just said combat difficulties
so um all this stuff is the same yeah so
now
sucks to be that guy shouldn't why this
instead of Detroit become human at least
you could make fun of that so clearly
trying to be a film no what I wanted to
play tonight
what Warhammer Space Marine that's gonna
be my go-to mm-hmm it's fun action game
yeah there's still kind of lame oh I
didn't kill him this time
okay yeah all right go uh you know and
that would have been fine you you you
didn't push hard for that no and and so
I don't want people to think that I like
shut that down no no I don't even bring
it up to you huh I didn't bring it up to
you
yeah you said you said oh maybe we could
okay you see babies and I said oh you
know I was thinking and playing this and
you go okay that's fine say I don't even
think I brothers so it's not like
something I fought for I didn't even
remember bringing it up right I just
look at that there's nothing Jack wants
to maybe there
where's everybody did I get it hello but
I thought you know screamed a good chunk
of that game before even though I'm in
the mood to play it yeah you know we did
and you played last time so I didn't
want to force you to play anything and
so yeah you know I mean this is fine
this is perfectly average and adequate
oh they're okay how did you how did you
get lit on fire
doctor move it up says add my local
paper for a cosmetic surgery clinic
featured a pair of bare breasts with the
nipples photoshopped out ah I find it
hilarious but it got me thinking about
where the line is drawn on what parts of
our bodies are acceptable what is
obscene societies proves society's
fruits that is true
society's fruit you know who was it it
was someone on Jimmy Kimmel Miley Cyrus
on Jimmy Kimmel really really cleverly
had to come out and she had like just
tape on her nipples right yeah and she's
like you know isn't it funny like I have
to put tape on my nipples even though
nipples are the part of the breast that
both men and women have you can see all
the other part of the breasts which is
the different part I don't have to cover
up the nipples and I was like oh that's
actually kind of clever
okay that's not idea what that guy knew
that someone said no health regen she's
been shot at least 40 times yeah someone
did say that weird it's almost as if
even on Hard difficulty this is really
easy like this guy's chase me
I'm gonna do it this dickhead how many
bombs I don't think I have any bombs
you know what the odd thing is our craft
is still underdressed it's always it's
nice to know that something stays what
do we got to do here rich what do we
think shoot a detonating thing behind
him I don't think I have it all wait I
was playing Warhammer
maybe I think he gets enough damage he
will drop the shield okay yeah I don't
think so he just said it he just said I
was waste Oh get him to swing and then
shoot oh oh shit nope you got me why is
the shield guy not carrying a gun right
Oh
press B to dodge I didn't see the prompt
there press B to dodge enemies and we've
been vulnerable to attack
that's alright dad fine
oh shit okay do-do-do-do-do where your
other little pickups over here did I
pick those up already
no I guess I got those are fun fact did
you know that an injustice to Robert
Englund voices scarecrow I did not know
that Robert Englund Freddy yeah Freddy
Krueger wait oh that's fun
yeah what it is a fun fact
thanks for sharing you know you see the
term fun fact gets tossed around a lot
nowadays but that actually is a fun fact
do-do-do-do-do that's unfair scarecrow
makes nightmares and then Freddie kills
you in them ooh
Oh pee or devastating combo yeah did you
ever play Daisy I never got around to
Daisy no no yeah no just you know me a
multi-player oh yeah I guess that's true
things yeah yeah and I never got around
to it I know it was it was the thing for
a while that's still one of those games
that that's never finished right I don't
I don't know if Daisy has ever had an
official release or not right that's
what I'm saying it's one of those it's
one of those forever in early access
like the poster child to to be warned I
know there was controversy with Daisy's
Russian knock off that was basically
cheating people out of money because the
game didn't work right or something was
some kind of issue with the game oh man
de zombie or something really weird
zombie Z days yeah some Russian company
that rush it out the door to capitalize
off of Daisy nice oh no I wanted to
commit Laura Daisy is a mod they start
making a separate game well then they
sell Daisy is a separate thing there
I thought they sold Daisy separately but
I could be wrong
I was was War Z the name of the Russian
one okay what the fuck were Z then some
other name
then they somehow got Romero to give his
name to them oh wow
love to see us play for fortnight
probably not go home you know what maybe
we'll be smart we'll start downloading
it like tonight and then one of these
days I'll bring in my computer again and
we'll play a little fortnight for some
reason when I play multiplayer shooters
I'd turn into an idiot I just turned
into an idiot better for entertainment
that's true okay what is going on here
like I kick ass it like like Friday the
13th that's multiplayer a kick ass of
that huh like it it's fuck
I'm decent I'm decent at rocket League
yeah but I will come when it comes to
multiplayer shooters I turn into a moron
I can't like it like an actual moron
clinically apparently I had to press the
B button a clinical moron yeah well good
then that's just good entertainment so
we'll have to do a test to see if we can
stream multiple things at once with our
idea to do so i I've launched like a
previous pub G stream we had yeah
there's a situation where I was trying
to shoot at somebody and just just my
being frazzled in the moment of it I
went back and we watched it I was like
my aim was off by like five inches well
yeah like the Blood starts pumping yeah
but I was like nowhere near the MARTA
you know but that's one of the things
that I really enjoy about multiplayer
games like that is it really does add
some tension even when you're not
live-streaming yourself yeah I like it
it makes like you're fighting against a
human and that's that ain't nothing it
really gets that blood pumping
I just never go watch from some old pub
G footage just being a Barrett
solutely embarrassed it myself oh yeah
well that's fun that's fun for people
watching
well well rich says storm Templar at
least you didn't shoot your partner than
the game thanks guys bunch of dicks
nope I'll wait it sounded like it again
get our green screens all messed up
all I'm doing is holding the up button
right now by the way okay
I'm not this is none of this is game
could you ever need to do that oh no at
this point okay at this point we're full
cutsie but for a while I did need to
hold the UP button
you shot rich in the back I thought he
was an enemy
III was being a quick quick on the
trigger because I thought he was an
enemy that was a you know that was me
not paying attention doctor move it up
sighs I also wondered at one point a
man's chest would be considered to
Seattle like what if a guy had breast
implants what his nipples need to be
photoshopped out or censored I but you
could see like they could show like a
fat man shirtless right that famous the
guy who famously took like a million
dollar bet to get breast implants right
here no this is on the half as I was a
while ago now ten years ago is an old
story but I wonder I wonder if they made
sense of him
that guy was on the man show did they
blur they did blur him okay his fake
breasts were censored yeah you know what
here in America we'd be a bunch of
prudes Anonymous is trying to make a
point poor laces
did you ever enjoy old cinematic
platformers like Prince of Persia no I
think that I think that's a joke Prince
of Persia had a story yeah but it was
still a good platformer no I think he's
in on the joke yeah a cinematic
platformer yeah I think he's bringing
that up cuz that famously had good
storytelling you know oh and I see that
as a joke okay like you know a cinematic
Mario game the gameplay was not an
afterthought in Prince of Persia right
and storytelling did not get in the way
of having another world and black throne
I never played the other whether that
like I played did I play another word
played flashback okay I don't think I
played into the world I often think of
modern action-adventure games as an
evolution of those not exactly
challenging but still technically
impressive and often fun fuel tanks
few things the thing is I don't I don't
think sands of time short changes you
when it comes to platforming
yay chat wasn't the guy who's lived in
another world the same guy who did
flashback they're usually sold together
is all I know
so I guess I would assume I've seen them
on sale together they are ok well
somebody else said no well yeah you got
three yeses so good enough for me
and then it's a fact
what about story-driven games like space
quests unless you solve puzzles yeah oh
my god
God hates Lara Croft
that was a rescue point yeah it got hit
by lightning twice
you do a pretty nice job updating her
face no shoots good I'm the old yo the
old core polygon model is good and I
thought oh my god I'm supposed to be
doing something I'm Stu I'm supposed to
be controlling my slide all right all
right doesn't matter
I risk an EVO says evening Richard Jack
hello
longtime fan of our LM in prereq we have
a new respect for you guys on these
streams been on to twitch streams myself
now and trying to carry on a
conversation and monitor chat is very
tough and our streams not nearly as fast
thank you
it you know I think a lot of people who
don't stream don't even understand just
just what I'm doing right now like
controlling the camera and the character
and trying to talk is is nutso and I
don't just doing two things at once I
get how that works
Oh
son of a bitch it's only truly nutso
when you talk play and read the chat at
the same time I suppose
oh it keeps playing her death screamed
even though I didn't die
how awkward
like this is kind of a challenge here
got a fresh jump at the right time it's
not the best it ain't the worst star
Harville says for real much respect I
have difficulty just playing a game and
scratching my nuts at the same time
that's why you get a control of it
vibrates star Horrible's get it under
there just by streaming I I have I have
a bare minimum of a ten percent skill
dip in every game I play yeah I agree
except maybe XCOM which is just now so
ingrained
well but also XCOM you can yeah pause
much fun time if you want exactly really
think about things there's you know
there's a couple games that I just kind
of have on pure muscle memory that I can
I can get away with you know streaming
and playing why don't you guys mention
star wars without Williams The Return of
the Jedi ending scene with no music
video and oral nods did that okay I
remember that video I just don't
remember what the hell did it
oh oh there you go as well as a six
episode parody season for the entire
first six Star Wars movies that is
amazing and hilarious oh great okay
yeah that uh remember the concept yeah
there's sound edit of the the last part
of Star Wars without any of the sounds
is great are they the the ones that do
the music videos without music - yeah
John Williams specifically yes those are
great no there's a series of like music
videos without the music or it's just
like all the sound effects those are
great the end of ET is super yes
yeah it's quietly walking into the ship
the clear sky and brought down rain
you know it's not rational Lara I can't
I get that okay
yes the guy David Bowie and Mick
Jagger's dancing in the street without
music is fantastic the turn down for
what music video without ya without
music is beautiful I mean that's one
turn down for what is a beautiful music
video no matter what it is but they do
it without music and it's just like
sound effects it's they do a Miley Cyrus
wanna I want to say CollegeHumor does
some huh but it's yeah they're they're
great you know what that is that's just
fun that's just plain old editing fun
plain old fun
oh that's neat you have to aim while
upside down that's it not that whose
before or after last of us I'm gonna say
before why is that a thing
hang it upside down while the things are
coming on yeah yeah okay I'm gonna say
this as before that's a no you know it's
a neat neat little way to now do I have
to spring the trap
yes okay
now
gotta go through those headshots can you
shoot the thing before you kill the guys
no no
eventually it just the cameras moved
over there oh yeah
now as neat
if you see the new tomb raider film to
be honest I haven't cared about Tomb
Raider since 1997 to be perfectly honest
right
so yeah yes me as well I also have not
seen the new tumor at them because I
don't really care about Tomb Raider
if y'all stream Coney Island seems like
the type of game you would get behind
we've ditched screen for neon that's the
the Satan one out it's Satan
yeah like corrupted computer game yeah
yeah yeah we did shrimp oh yeah I see
what I have to do
there was a Tomb Raider movie a new tomb
raider movie based off of the popularity
of this game
cover
cover third person shooter at its most
bland right there yep I can just step
away up pop downtown Oh pop back down
step away heal a little bit even on Hard
difficulty it's super easy to cheese
this thing
no thank you
hello thank you
you're fighting an army of toddlers with
guns
yep yeah that's kind of what it seems
like no object permanence III leave I
leave frame and I forget that I was
there also they're shooting guns that
fire bullets that don't look like they
can penetrate crates that look like
they're 40 years old you know it's fine
it's a fine race I don't know yeah I
figured that out thank you
game which do you ever play Solaris or
any 4x games I love me some Master of
Orion - I'd like to find a nice modern
4x game that doesn't have real time
sections for them ship combat wanted to
climb that
maybe I can do that from here
endless space - and the space - doesn't
have real-time combat
I'll check it out yeah there we go it
seems like every Forex game made in the
last twenty years is what is Forex is
that a style of game or a game I love
game developer okay first and for
Explorer exploit exterminate and what's
the other exit damn it what's the fourth
X Chad's gonna know yeah I know they're
gonna know I'm gonna feel bad cuz I
don't remember it yep expand that's it
expand your empire basically you explore
the area around you and you find
resources then your empire is gonna
grows you use this resources build ships
and you expand there are other
civilizations out there that you get
into wars with
there was this storm it came out of
nowhere
I called them here rough find another
way you wanna make a Star Trek game what
would it be there it would be cos or TNG
hey I don't necessarily know that I need
a Star Trek game you know and you could
make both you know like you make a
little a little FTL II
yeah with a ton more dialogue options I
think we talked about this where you
know like you make an FTL with more
diplomatic options
I mean they've made them I don't think
old-school adventure games are that's
like fine John refers to old-school
venture game they've made them okay
hey new you gotta look at FTL was the
perfect Star Trek game too much
exploding too much exploding too much
exploding that's fair
really really playing FTL right you
don't focus on the diplomacy that much
right because if you do if you play if
you play
FTL like a pacifist you're gonna get
your ass kicked by the the last end yeah
mothership absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely which which is you
know which is why it's not Star Trek the
game if there was a viable pacifism
option yeah then it would truly be like
a next-gen simulator yeah
and we we did the stream a little bit at
least a little bit of Star Trek at the
25th anniversary or venture game just a
little bit of it yeah fucking time
good stealth rich they don't see me
right as I made my good stealth joke
damn it I know now it's gonna be a clip
that will live on forever
oh no thousands of views Oh No
a monument to my idiocy damn it
another monument to my idiocy
and people tell me a leap forces a
decent Star Trek game but I don't I
don't get it
and I don't get having a Star Trek
shooter that just seems so wrong called
a mouse you should be using there wasn't
this much shooting before and now
there's more shooting what happened to
the other guy I guess he doesn't care
about these guys
yeah with a mouse that would have gone a
lot smoother yeah how these don't really
care that much
is that other dude where did he go maybe
he despawned he absolutely like there
was a third dude that went up here I
think he fell off the cliff
oh shit berries we're watching take the
zip one day apparently big shot too
what are you just run past him I guess I
could welcome I mean not literally
you think that's an option feminine
wiles seduction is an upgrade you get
eight if a to feminine wiles a to
feminine wiles yes they're very
distracted what ten points and feminine
wiles should you just flash your tips to
distract all the enemies for ten seconds
boom window boob window boob window get
some free shots really really broke the
flow of the game now really Opie really
Opie shit what am I supposed to go
do something
mama says clarifying my earlier tip
cinematic platformer wasn't meant as a
joke it's the act actual sub-genre under
which the 89 Prince of Persia and games
like it were categorized 89 considered
cinematic anything that's weird
thanks for taking my money you're
welcome
that's weird
bullet scan is fuckin bore take true
blue review says speaking of flashback
you should take a look at the terrible
modern remake of it with the same name
what's worse is a bunch of gaming
channels got sponsors sponsored by Xbox
Live to play it in three other games
trying so hard not to say anything bad
about it that discussed the mating you
have that obligation man feel that feel
that need
you know it's fine everything's fine
madam says keep up the good work guys if
either of you played into the breach
yeah a little bit maybe playing on that
stream a little bit we did we did that's
good it wasn't mind-blowing but it was
good that's it that's the whole thing
that's the whole game yeah
not mind-blowing but decent doesn't have
that the same um same spark as FTL but
you know good and each particular runs
having a little bit too short and no my
camp is definitely not a Cubs cap but I
forget what they forgot what the team
name is called the minor league team
that plays a little bit north of here
we've got a fish fish themed team the
fishies the the guppy the fish fish I
don't know well they have a fish mascot
but miserly he has legs he didn't really
think that mascot suit yeah
I guess an independent league team that
really minor
oh well they they go stop it stop it
where am I going and what am i doing
lakeshore Chinooks Northwoods League the
lakeshore is so I believe it was
Chinooks yeah oh there you go college
level team yeah college level team
sports sports sports sports sports
wait I've been here already everything
I've been here already
I've got so many people are butthurt
over us not liking cinematic games shit
and you like you like this thing that
has some storytelling element to it
I have proved you wrong I am superior
all no no fuck them fuck them fuck you
fuck everyone welcome to the stream look
look no more heroes by suda51
doesn't look like anywhere near the
boring slob that this looks like alright
and I have been here before where am I
about rich was a Sox fan well well
fortunately the leg short chunks don't
play against the Chicago White Sox so
there's there's no conflict of interest
there
I went the wrong way somewhere around
here I went the wrong way okay they're
probably use this rope to get back up
right you let me do that no no you won't
let me do that
come on let me to that do that
why are you play games you hang jak1 did
you do you hate this no I mean it's
boring but I don't hate it
ok it's no lie I think you know I was
talking about this earlier and and I
really think there this is this is I I
know everyone talks about stuff like
peggle or or candy crush as like your
casual game but to me this is right
there with that we're like this is
something that is is mindless and and
this to me is a casual game and why did
you want to play this just answer the
other part of the closure uh just
because I've never played it and you
know the had no idea what the reboot
Tomb Raider was like I had no idea what
the reboot Tomb Raider is like oh
there's a new one coming out I know this
is a style of game that's very popular
right now to say you know what the old
go what the old one too right and you
know it's it's exactly the to me playing
this game does nothing to help me learn
because it's exactly what I thought it
was going to be what I was hoping is
like I had some preconceived notions
coming into this game that it was gonna
be a lot like uncharted a lot of button
prompt bullshit a lot of cutscenes a lot
of non game elements masking themselves
as game elements and I was right ok and
so I didn't really learn anything but
you know I played it now I can say it
played it so you know we got that going
for us
I was playing anything else tonight
Wow 9:16 probably not okay then probably
not
all right now I'm back outside
this is where I supposed to go
I went back down collected a bunch of
bullshit but I was supposed to go up
here
I feel like now after what three showers
I feel like I feel like we're finally
getting to like the meat of the game so
that's something like I feel like I'm
out of tutorial land how does this
compare to horizon zero dawn in horizon
zero dawn I could kind of do whatever I
wanted and if I wanted to ignore the
story I could just go hunt Robo
dinosaurs or like Ojai or like in
horizon zero dawn I could explore and
discover a new thing a bandit camp or a
thing of dinosaurs or a field of wild
berries this is a linear story this is
this is do the same thing over and over
and over again very very different you
know it's not to be fair Jack yeah don't
you do the same thing over and over
again in pac-man in Super Mario Brothers
oh sure sure a lot of games you do the
same thing over that's true that was you
know what that was a little too what is
it when you say something that that
applies to a lot of things generally
yeah that was a little too generalized
then I apologize for that
but you know it's it's fine this is all
fine it's just very linear which isn't
necessarily a bad thing because you know
some like doom is a linear game but doom
has emphasis there's a secret tune
nearby or you just submit this is a
different game from pac-man and horizon
zero dawn and you don't have to like
that but it's still a game it's still a
game but I mean I don't know I'm not
playing I'm not playing it mm-hmm it
looks like a fairly dull one yeah oh no
and like I guess that's what I was
saying is someone asked how does this
compare to horizon zero dawn and they're
very different games this is not an
open-world game okay this is a linear
game horizon zero dawn let me do things
like you know when when I had to tackle
a robo dinosaur right I got to figure
out how I best wanted to handle that
situation what you know what kind of
rope traps do I want to use do I want to
lay some traps out before the fight even
starts you know what sort of upgrades do
I want it let me do a lot of prep work
and handle and this looks like a lot of
you know mediocre third person at
gunplay yeah with with some boring
traversal you nail it this is an
optional - Oh waive Richards - okay
there is a tomb though let's do an
optional tomb that's like
what's part of Yamatai
oh shit this might be a puzzle
course I'm sure I got to do something
bad right
puzzle yeah yeah it's happening rich all
right it's all happening we have our
first puzzle how exciting
let's try that again now compare this to
gotta fall not of warhead fun combat God
of War had really fun combat
the shooting losing this looks really
bland
oh you know like for as much hack as I
give god of war that combat was very
satisfying this is nothing like God
afford to be fair it's similar in that
there there's some storytelling elements
and a lot of bullshit traversal it's
similar in that regard but the actual
beating things up and got a Bors quite
fun Michael oh yeah faster faster
which hates traversal confirmed yeah
fake platforming is boring
I should use my I should use my
detective vision okay we can mess with
that
saying why do you keep jumping off
jumping off this thing yeah
oh I was trying to jump up there
Jack you've solved the puzzle twice up
apparently shit
okay so apparently I just have to stay
on I thought this you know like this
would raise up and I jump on to that
platform
okay I see I see this will carry me over
into it
there are any 3d games besides Mario
that have actual good and platforming I
I might I might be alone in this but I'm
gonna throw out the Maximo games on the
PlayStation 2
máximo was hard I had beat it without
losing a lifetime
damn rich the first game I went out on
way to do that one because it was it's
relatively short mm-hmm and it's kind of
notoriously hard and I enjoyed it and I
noticed I was starting to get really
good at it and I'm like you know would
it be awesome if I could beat this
really hard game I'm one life wouldn't
that be awesome and took me forever to
actually do it
I should play maximal on screaming I
should it's a pain in the ass to bring
in the PlayStation yep I have to emulate
it I have to emulated market or just
bring in the PlayStation 2 how hard is
that right you just emulated I own the
fucking disc and PlayStation 2 oh that
was it oh one puzzle and I get a trigger
yeah I guess that's something I'll take
it I'll take it
skillpoint sure rich I believe you about
about what about maximal I think they're
I think they're trying to bait me into
yeah I stranded once I got like halfway
through the game before I just did
something stupid but I did stream it
once yeah he did
okay wait captain president thank you
for the donation that Eddie just said it
I'm just wanted okay I guess I could
read that it's not a big deal
not exactly a talking point either
though we've just made it into one isn't
that amazing yeah I know it's Talent
where the Tomb Raider games ever good
that's maybe we talked about that I'm
not sure they were you know that could
that could be a decent bit when the new
one comes out yeah no no wait wait is
not not playing the new one rich is just
playing the original okay and don't I
think about the original tomb Raider and
is this another is this another
situation where people remember the
character more than they remember the
game the character I really think the
fact that it was so early on the 3d
bandwagon helped it stand out oh
absolutely I think no doubt about it
I mean I enjoyed it at the time I don't
I don't necessarily know that it holds
up
I think it's entirely possible I could
play Tomb Raider one and just think this
did not age well at all and I think that
that could be an interesting episode
right there and you know we time it
right before the new one comes out and
that's what we call clicks motherfucker
people hungry for that for that Tomb
Raider content cuz I remember right at
least some of the puzzles were fairly
obnoxious find the hidden keys hidden
somewhere out of the way oh sure it's
not really not really a puzzle as much
as it was just tedious little fetch
quest sure did search every nook and
cranny on the thing yeah
okay
under one of their favorites of their
time just suck in general due to sands
nostalgia that's that's a lot of it man
that's just that's a lot of the world's
and I'm not saying for sure that's
what's going on but to later I'm just
saying I wouldn't be shocked if it
didn't know too well right I haven't
played that game of ages
to dust off the old playstation or you
can emulate it wait a minute are you
talking about piracy are you talking
about breaking the law
wildlife industry says why is nuance so
lost you can like a game and a genre for
reasons doesn't rain you you're a
hypocrite if you don't like every other
game and said genre I know maybe you
haven't been on recently the internet
says otherwise my friend the internet
says you must love something or hate it
completely I know what Jack you hate
this I did yes I uh
oh I'm so filled with hate great oh yeah
no I I'm gonna make a video essay
tearing this apart that's fine casual
casual horse this is casual horse should
have just played spaceman I know I like
that uh-huh
I don't want to be that everything all
the time goddamnit I'm not hating on
everything all the time saying it's a
fine game - finally it's astrophysics
Sunday stroll through the park just to
do last room is must I fucking loved it
fucking love that game yeah yeah I know
I did and what only one orc got through
yeah no but also one Orca got through I
know
drove me nuts when that happened yeah
Kobol must just slip through
pilgrimage
yeah no it's okay yeah I'm gonna you
played a game you really enjoyed and
everyone completely accepted that you
really enjoyed it and it was a great
time great time was head well
captain Jessa captain Jessa
mmm-hmm I feel another tomb coming on
this is very exciting
Jordanna says Jordanna
this is late in coming but you two look
lovely in 1080p thanks for all the
streaming goodness you sexy bitches shit
girl yeah hopefully everyone's enjoying
the 1080p you know brought to you by oh
god that was a person there
too many people all the peas where did
those guys come from I know I I have no
idea what's going on I have to scale a
mountain to get here and then all of a
sudden there were guys behind me like
they scaled it to oh and now there's
like ancient warriors shit oh that's
neat
a corpse pile
I'm gonna look that rotten where'd they
get all these people from like they
killed all these people at around the
same time and that's a lot of people to
just kill yeah yeah well that was dumb
Laura they just slaughter a nearby town
uh there's they seem to have acolytes so
maybe they're slaughtering acolytes yeah
I don't know I don't know if Ryan Island
or what I honestly don't know
I'm just curious man I'm just curious
you can't say you hate the Stewart story
how dare you how dare you I just thought
that was odd yeah I'm gonna I'm just
gonna say this is faulty our direction
is I'm guessing that the art director
just didn't think about it like the time
well you know there's a penny people
there's a couple skeletons I thought I
saw yeah like see there's a couple of
skeletons okay so you know but all the
corpses up there seem to be at the exact
same level of fraud
but look now there's like Giants Conan
did a clueless gamer on this and it was
glorious yeah most of his clueless
gamers are pretty funny you know what
Conan's pretty funny yeah good old Conan
oh cool odo yeah my limbs falling down
she's got to burn that outfit man oh and
by the way like she has got to smell
terrible at this point she was stabbed
in the abdomen yeah at the beginning of
this that's a pretty major injury yeah
and you can still see her stab wound
it's like right under her hand there and
now she's like been rolling around in
corpses and whatnot it can't have healed
properly no she's dead many times over
Oh horse bones too
this thing's don't walk
nice
I heard something like she's doing
acrobatics that horrible room oh no her
intestines should be spilling out of her
abdomen this just strains credibility to
its breaking yeah I just can't believe
that I cha
oh my immersion is ruined just ruined oh
come on come on Lera I hate to lose
someone someone thought they were very
clever writing that line
look miss Lora crop is presumably a
millennial right ah this is the mm no no
cuz this is this takes place like does
this take place now when does this take
place it seems weird that she's wearing
a digital watch
that's what stood out to me like wait a
minute I think this is supposed to be a
prequel so this might be taking place in
like the 80s I think she was 30s 40s
back in the day so I'm gonna say she is
not a millennial okay were you going
with she's a hipster wearing a digital
watch this one is modern the watch is
weird I'm assuming that's a very
specific like scuba diver's watch like
an adventurer watch like a very I guess
it makes sense if you're going out in
the jungle that you're not gonna rely
yeah all right all right I bet it has
you know some GPS depth that kind of
stuff like have you ever been to one of
those stores that like sells like
camping gear and you see all their crazy
watch shit no oh yeah it's like bigoted
nuts
doom it up
dooma dooma dooma dooma dooma tup
oh I'm Lara Croft mother Joker that's
exactly what I wanted my Laura Croft
game her running around of this shotgun
facing people that's exactly what I
think of when I think of Lara Croft
shotgun yeah I think the two pistols
yeah exactly that was dumb do that yeah
go ahead and swing that into the door
yeah you got it oh I know I just yeah I
was just captured so you know like
speaking of realism and games
I was just captured but they didn't take
away any of my guns or bows and arrows
okay so that's fine you know what all
right all right
Laura is a murder machine yes I just
like modern Tomb Raider I hate but I
love furiosa
does that count up dose is badass
furiosa is a badass upgrade my shotgun
Samus is a badass except for that one
time haha we just we just don't we just
don't talk about that one anymore
increase damage share increased damage
always good
there are bayonetta oh yeah yeah
certifiable badass
I like Bayonetta as a character I agree
oh I did not want to go to the I wanted
to reload my shotgun but thanks for
playing what one time I don't we don't
talk about the ones no no that's not a
we don't we we try not to mention the
other time if you get me
wink-wink nudge-nudge like Bayonetta is
a strong female character who uses her
clothes as she does combos look
Bayonetta embraces her sexuality and
revels in it absolutely and wraps men
around her finger she is a woman in
control of her destiny and in control of
her body and you do know Matt no man's
gonna tell Bayonetta what to do
damn straight damn straight no man woman
or child in fact she kind of hates all
of them even the child that is her or
something I actually forget her shell
was her from the past yeah
oh I rolled too soon
what what what what happened yeah shove
someone else I would do it was there's
other people in the room I was in the
middle of a killing me Kara they were
shooting you
I'm sure all the other people are taking
care of first
it's dum-dum shotgun I love it I love it
it's great you take your stuff and your
stuff and I think that's all the stuff I
see see what I have to do
you think the next Mad Max film should
be a prequel about Furioso
or some rumors last year that it might
be didn't didn't George Miller just flat
out say he's not doing any more he wants
to do more but there were some Lee Bill
and Ted there were some legal issues
okay they're there apparently there was
some money issues or some who got paid
for what yeah issues with fury road with
him and it might actually be the
weinstein company huh
and you know like who owes who what
money that kind of stuff but so yeah
apparently it's just one another one of
those situations where it might not
happen
I'm fine with they're just being fury
well I am too
I mean well fury road and and Mad Max
and the road warrior and I like
Thunderdome there's some redeemable as
to Thunderdome I think so look the
middle is boring but it starts strong at
an end strong
get it
being this life
in it
what am I doing here
yeah
say maybe opening run at a time
oh I see can I see what's going on you
alright
gotta hit the walls not the Bell
yeah yeah that's fair that's fine
perhaps your folks can help you all
these games not all these games felt
your focus I don't even know what they
call her sense here your Witcher since
your detected vision what do they call
it in this game her archaeologist vision
her PhD in two senses does she have a
PhD probably I assume so I know if she
has one here in free pool and oh oh shit
there's people here where did you get
hit with a stray oh oh you have a
long-range weapon why are you getting in
his face because it's more fun this way
you're playing it hard yeah okay sure am
playing on hard yeah how's this going to
cover it'll be fine
and now we're gonna do
shit I've got to get out of here that
bow should do it
I loot the bodies I don't
okay all right now okay now I bet I
gotta hit the behind so we're gonna open
this one it's so hard yes I am play
pumped it up to hard difficulty level
and I am it like more damage is being
done to me absolutely they don't seem to
be terribly harder to kill but more
damage is being done to me to be fair to
the game
and she's dead yep again
boss fight maybe or running away running
away nope supposed to do shit
that's having a debate on whether the
original Mad Max is the worst Mad Max
movie interesting but that was really
before it was a Mad Max you know it
definitely has a different feel to it it
is more boring er than all of the other
movies yes what that's words did
Oh too early talk about the best Mad Max
movie it's it's it's it's the Battle of
fury road and road warrior okay website
much like fucking adore road warrior
growing up it is s fuckin just totally
really is that movie is I gotta give it
to fury road right fury road is
beautiful yeah beautiful movie
everything about it is just the best and
by the way for those in chat we're not
saying that Mad Max is a bad movie
we're just saying out of all of the Mad
Max movies Mad Max might be the worst
it's still very good movies what
fury fury road does everything Road
Warrior does but better I think you can
make the argument that it just does it
differently fury road is is like a
goddamn painting it does not exist in
any kind of reality as we know it it was
beautiful and glorious hmm
and I think that doesn't mean it's
better than the road warrior because the
road warriors it's just different than
world warriors trying to be very very
gritty and down-to-earth it's definitely
a similar story but in a different style
did you hear recently that uh the story
about well how do i George Miller chose
the editor of the movie yes his wife to
edit here and and the wife his wife I
forget her name whoever edited fury road
she initially said no she said no I
don't want them edit your movie I've
never added an action movie before and I
don't think I'd be very good at it so
you know I don't want to edit your movie
wait I read this that's kind of by Titan
Creed yeah in the chat so so the road
warrior is a picture by a brilliant
photographer and fury road is a painting
yes yes a good way to put it and so you
know she she initially refused to edit
fury road she says you know I I don't
know how to edit action movies and he
goes that's exactly why you need to
you're gonna come at this movie from a
completely different perspective and
that's what will make it special and I
thought that was a really interesting
choice on George Miller's part
all right made it through a camp I'm
good I'm good ending here I risk that
pays off um yeah well you know I think
it's it's it's neat sometimes you have
to you have to you have to take those
risks and obviously with fury road paid
off mm and you know good for him for
being able to be in charge of his own
production where he could say my wife
he's gonna edit this Hey
he looked at his producers and he goes
you know what works for Lucas back in
the day everyone said shit you're right
absolutely absolutely
all righty tighty we'll do that actually
you know what this is something really
weird I'm gonna turn this back on for
everyone is it really weird that exit to
main menu is like the third option yeah
it's fine
oh no it's like it's fine but like don't
you think that's usually like at the
bottom yeah it's not it's not like this
isn't game-breaking by Annie oh I
thought you had to go like three sub
menus or something no they have that is
weird like reload Check Point exit two
main menu is the third that is super
weird right it should be like way down
here at the bottom anyway that's that's
uh it's just basically what I'm saying
now is because the exit to main menu is
the third thing down this game sucks
that's exactly what I'm saying
did we expect fury road to be that good
I was skeptical until like a week or two
before it came out yeah I finally
started just seeing enough like you know
this this actually does look good and I
had no strong thoughts going in yeah I
had no horse in any race I was just
ready for any move
movie and it blew away my non
expectations but you know I didn't I
didn't have anything going in so me if
I'm caught up here in the tips
absolutely absolutely
wet Sasquatch says hello jack and rich
longtime fan of our OEM and prereq and I
figured now is the time to finally
donate to you guys hello thank you
you guys make quality videos quick
question do you guys accept games being
sent to you by fans through Street
either through Steam we do but we got so
many fucking games your odds of us
playing your game Earl oh yeah but yeah
if you'd like to email it to us if you
can still do that I know there was some
debate on whether or not you can its
prereq at red letter media comm if you
can email us games or whatever
absolutely well add them to our ever
growing library of games sure but we got
a ton of fucking games that we haven't
gotten around to as it is we're gonna
start a whole new show or we just bust
through all the games
alright so now is the point in the
stream in which we thank all the lovely
people who have subscribed to us during
this very stream much like dark matter I
don't know yet the button oh I see him i
season we're so prepared dark matter oh
you got to do it cuz I got to do the
button 436 motherfucking months in a row
that gunpowder smell and dark matter
says sprays face with silver paint
witness which what you doing
well we could pick it up everything okay
I guess it's a good idea did you hit the
button I did hit the button okay okay
dark matter would like to be witnessed
okay witness I think it's up to the
person to say witness me I don't think
there's a proper response to that is
there I think we just I think you just
repeat witness the formal okay if I if I
remember correctly right he said witness
me and everyone said yeah so there's no
formal witnessing you know there's paper
or there's a religion to this there
probably is in their minds from universe
yeah absolutely
this is a religious the witness me is a
religious experience you give your life
for your God King to go on to the chrome
shiny afterlife yes their version of
Valhalla
absolutely they're very well might be
some ceremony to it any proper response
to somebody saying witness me yeah and
it's witness witnessed okay doom to
grind can dara the grim panda says this
last 4th of July my dog gypsy died I
have to thank you and all the guys at
Arlen putting out so much content that
helped me through my rough patch oh
you're all hack frauds your high jinks
helped so many of us through our issues
slash crappy lives glad to help
whatever small laugh would you just a
bunch of clowns
jaunty scarecrow who's gonna scare the
man who says oh boy
creepy ass clowns clowns death John for
20 months in a row says after all this
time I thought I'd finally get a fuckin
guess I'll have to keep waiting story of
my life yep Skippy Brown owned for 14
months in a row mr. Walley epitaphs who
says moved
over 1,000 kilometers away from home to
Germany for a job catching your stream
makes me feel less homesick yay thanks
for the great entertainment you provide
for free the problem
Thank You epitaxy for watching bread
still bent
m99 who says will space cop to be a
prequel a sequel or a prequel mm-hmm
awful waffle 1984 says hey I know core
wag say squidge the rim mister the cry
mister maybe the cry mr. the Crim the
cree mister me a lot of things yeah mall
red coal says thanks for the ham baba
yaga la la 431 fucking months in a row
who says yaku's a zero coming to steam
soon okay done Buckwald so say guys hi
next time j feels like dropping in you
should let him try a free online game
called David Lynch teaches typing looks
like a fun little game for a stream
jay-z a pretty good typist so I think
he'd be good at that game
now zig row not can of noodles brave s J
Garfunkel Garfunkel and goats g-dub gr w
304 14 months in a row man socks 2 3 1
skip RL no Lee a man for 21 months in a
row says previously my months were
fucked but now they are unfucked because
of you fucks
I feel fucked over as fuck so I demand
to be revoked
fucking hell can this be more fucked up
it probably could be if we tried future
famous person
Evelyn Jo forever yes right
Evelyn Shh Oh avalanche orpheus yeah I
think Avalanche Orpheus yep
tofu eating zombie who says no no yeah
that's one of those Oh crystal87 Talon
och who says here's to another eight
months with my favorite pair of hack
frauds the opposed Rafi oh nice
see small four five one four fifteen
months in a row who says a pilot is
someone who flies an airplane that's
true correct
lost in technicolor for 48 goddamn
motherfucking months in any row with
rolls off the tongue rolls right off the
tongue effortless every month has been
worth it
you guys have got me through somebody
trying times of late thank you you're
welcome
Hartree fucker who's happy for months
since I forgot to Risa but with prime
Judy on vine sauce oh my god look my
mousse is loose says happy that bolt
seemed to have gotten a place where you
love what you do for a living
thanks for all the entertainment on
laughs now and over the years you're
welcome
art issed Randolph the rad xlg 81 eraser
arcade gonzo for short for 14 months in
a row who says I'm sharing man that is
most Burger King Diamond combo Fuego
I'm we Caliente son Oh
celluloid favorite pie krahgg Oh Tron
who says remember to use your free Prime
subscription you fucks Black Sea Bros
for 14 months in a row says 14 months
pressing f to pay respects drunken
peasants mems sage big lien Chris Gaines
2004 23 months in a row says great to
see a gents live I too share riches
multiplayer melody yeah essentially I
become captain cannon fodder solidarity
brother yeah for 14 months in a row is
it is it like all multiplayer only when
we're streaming multiplayer no it's just
all multiplayer I don't know I just
become an idiot you know that yeah
multiplayer you just know that real
people are watching you and judging you
maybe maybe it's crippling anxiety that
does it
Denzel Washington for 22 months in a row
I've had some really good comfortable
rocket League matches I'm fine in Friday
the 13th yeah when it comes to shooters
multiplayer shooters my brain turns to
shit no I'm sorry
yeah we're good we are at ally tune did
we do I did okay dr. soya neighs for 39
motherfucking months in a rope blunt
ickis just a really blunt like Roman
citizen yeah blood icky autogas smells
of fecal matter
Caesar gods be damned blunt a kiss you
don't have to say everything seized it
was your blunder that allowed the
barbarians
a chrome everyone knows that Blanca kiss
thanks blonde to kiss says I'm currently
dealing with a CPU red light of death
and most games crash my PC watching
y'all play and chat has cured some of my
sadness sorry for your CPU loss plan to
kiss ya
bill what hiccup for 49 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row
this is 49 months I got nothing give me
another month to write something witty
I'm packing for the San Diego this week
for Comic Con my brain is going to
explode from all the corporate marketing
no ill well no and and and you're just
everybody's YouTube feed is gonna be
nothing but all the trail is released we
got we got a five-second cell phone clip
of half of a trailer it's a teaser
trailer for the new Doctor Who it's
gonna be nuts and it's just a shaky yeah
I think I saw a TARDIS I I dislike some
of these things so much cuz I understand
they want to give you know III is the
same thing they want to give the
attendees something special but then
they hold things back from the rest of
us true shave who says thanks for the
stream oh one go bug chips should be old
wonk over the same might walk of the
same as Oh Hitchhiker's Guide here
Oh like I said I've been I've been
listening to the old radio shows oh you
read but I read bugger chips devil 23
little pail Haven X little pale by the
way is like the most adorable rapper hey
yo I'm little pale just like cuz easy
it's like you know like it's a little
more gang
okay you know look low pale like it's
like a little kid in a diaper with their
pale like little pale I've got some sand
I've heard it because like a white
rapper a little pale ah I like that too
you see you see that rapper was he any
good
and lil pale in the tradition of vanilla
ice here comes a little panel Oh
Craven X read that one we didn't guitar
alt delete' to who I think says nice
stream guys thanks the entertainment but
no more Naughty Dog asked Sherlock
please there are plenty of things out
there to cure insomnia don't be one of
them tail em see Lucas 449 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row Joe bag of
donuts vgs 64 for twenty six fucking
months in a row JJ cheek her for 30
fucking months in a row says good
journey thank you
Tiberius Kirk for thirty four fucking
months in a row says is he strong listen
bud he's got radioactive blood so no
he's not strong at all he's totally
dying he's a dying man he he has stage
three cancer most of his days is spent
in chemotherapy you ever see there's an
onion article local boy Peter Parker
dies of cancer that's great Bob Orson
Smith fo-eenix four three zero zero and
don't steal your risky Chum thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we sure do so next week we're gonna
finish off Tomb Raider or not
you think all right
