Jun 3, 2018
UNWORTHY, Friday the 13th: The Game
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269180313
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/269181145
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoL1uA-kdqE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5jbz-CWYl0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/1003350807612477441

[Part I]
pop its if they did you popped it right
when we went red for live yeah
popped it to stay it usually takes a bit
longer I know for the extreme to kick in
yeah
so you're just saying things that are
strange to them it's true oh my god did
you guys see that yeah they didn't they
probably did not hello is this a jack
game shit yet is alright here's what
here's the plan we have a plan and this
is it for now
Jack isn't gonna play this game called
unworthy until he gets bored Oh or at
the moment Jack gets bored
yeah we're going to switch over to
injustice to presuming it is finished
downloading we only when when we left
injustice to it only had about an hour
to get done downloading but now we're
streaming that's using the internet that
might streaming might fuck up the
download time on injustice and that's
assuming that I get bored of unworthy
which is very unlikely so as it is a
nice job under the circumstances that a
you get bored of unworthy boom and be
injustice has not downloaded yeah or
will not download I'll just fucking play
Friday the 13th okay great I know a lot
of people want us to do the the solo
missions there oh this out that's what
they're saying they're out now and you
know I don't know you know we were we
were looking at the injustice to store
just a little bit ago yeah and to buy
injustice to and all of the DLC
including all the characters all the map
packs all the the fight whatever is one
hundred and eighty dollars one of the
comic on modern running and eighty
dollars or you can just buy the
legendary edition for sixty I would be
so fucking pissed off if I paid for that
game day one I would be infuriated half
of the fucking characters are DLC yeah I
mean the list
DLC characters is ridiculous DLC is such
a fucking scam if DLC can be a scam I
think I think okay I'm sorry 99.9% of
the time a DLC is a fucking scam okay
I'll say I'll take that caveat yes I
think DLC is or can be can be an
opportunity to add more to a game and be
worth it and you know it it's been done
right before obviously it's not always
done right but but yeah we we took we
took a look at like all the downloadable
characters and and jesus H crisp just so
many so many dlcs that's got me more
than half the characters or actually in
the game yes yeah just went on and on
six dollars each it looks ridiculous man
well cuz you know at first at first time
scroll through and I'm just like
Starfire's DLC character which made me
think of I was over a shopping with my
kids and we were looking at toys and
stuff and and this is this won't be a
deal to anyone who's who's not a parent
but this was the most infuriating thing
we were at Target and they had some Teen
Titans go action figures yeah so the
Teen Titans go are a Robin cyborg Beast
Boy Raven and Starfire yeah okay
and so you kids fan of that fans oh they
love that goofy show they're super
except every show yeah that your kids
love yeah that all of the adults will
say is the worst thing ever
well this is Teen Titans go not
Thundercats roar which I'm sure they
will love next that the adults are
really right right okay I just want to
point that out yeah so no my kids love
it like the movies coming out they love
the show okay so so the cat the main
cast of Teen Titans go again is Robin
cyborg Beast Boy Raven Starfire and they
have a set of teen teen titans go action
figures that
includes Robin cyborg Beast Boy Raven
and jinx yeah a bad guy okay and not
Starfire oh okay okay
they don't have Starfire they have jinx
a bad guy character okay that's weird
because Starfire is in another set and
so if yeah if you want the whole team
you have to buy two sets whoa
bull hockey bull hockey rich I call I
call mad bull hockey you're saying that
like it's supposed to be surprising or
something
I was just very upsetting to me it was
just very very upsetting to me so do you
play as a background element in this
game everything is black and white
everything is in shadow because artistic
III really don't have a stake in the
whole Thundercats cartoon thing yeah I
really don't but there was one comment I
read that really a music okay
somebody was upset because you know
there was real apparently was a really
good adult Thundercats cartoon in 2011
yeah I saw that I'm sorry
you know got cancelled due to low
ratings and lack of interest why aren't
they doing that again
why are they doing that again well I'm
gonna go out on a limb here rich and say
low ratings and lack of interest Raven
we had the show and it was like anime
style adult-themed it was a little more
hardcore and nobody watched it no you
know wash it so you know now we're gonna
we're gonna make it kind of you know
look a little more interesting and you
know I hope that the kids are into it
make it a little comedy comedy shows are
pretty popular right now because you
know it's a it's an entertainment
business where where we try to make
money
yeah yeah I love it I love it
I mean obviously will give the
Thundercats roar a chance when it comes
out my kids might like it might not like
it and I don't care I got I got no as
Kevin Smith would say I got no skin in
the game
people like garbage yeah maybe or maybe
it'll be fun it'll be a funny show
I don't know I don't know nothing no I
know we were talking about Thundercats
roar it looks cute I like that I by the
way I just I'm a fan of that like
exaggerated art style right the asshole
in me is really really just amused by
the outrage yes yes
how could do whatever you want man as
soon as they make the gritty reboot of
eek the cat then I'm on board I'm ready
I'm ready to throw the cat yeah then I'm
ready to throw shit around how dare you
mess with my childhood I've done all
this I've played this a little bit at
home so that's why I'm kind of rushing
through a bit of the story elements so
by the way this is unworthy and it's a
it's
it's a little Dark Souls II and it's
obviously a 2d platformer there as well
is ended by the way it's not a
platformer because in this game you
cannot jump and so it's like a it's like
a 2d Dark Souls II ish they call it a
dark soy souls Metroidvania I don't know
how I feel about the art style yeah it's
a little it's a little look you look too
much like a background element yeah it's
it's interesting I I think it's
interesting they're trying they're
trying for something I get this is
probably a lot easier to develop I get
it
uh-huh look some some easier to do
artistic choices work yeah some don't
some don't
uh you know it's one of those things
where you you get to test you get to
test the limits of art when you're under
pressure looks a lot like dead cells no
this is a lot lazier than dead cells
dead cells everything isn't a silhouette
the the gameplay is quasi similar to
dead dead cells but in the most
simplistic version oh you you collect
sin yeah yes yes it is yes it is which
I'm just I'm just gonna be perfectly
fine with yeah listen it's it's one of
those things this is probably this is
probably a one-person development team
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that
that this is a one-person dev team in
there they're going for something
whether it works or not like you said
it's a whole yeah I'm kind understand
that if it's a one-person dev team I can
get it I get it this this looks like one
of those like made by one dude if you
confirm that or is that just your
specular that's just my specular
oh okay okay but don't don't you think I
don't know I don't fucking know it's
it's hard for me to imagine like a team
behind something this
but gameplay-wise I played a little bit
of it a gameplay wise it's it's there
I'm sure even developing just this isn't
easy oh god no no I mean hey listen any
game right anything
I think this animation is grab that
criticizing the animation so much is I
don't think the silhouette thing works
plus the foreground is like dark black
and then your character bizarrely is
like a lighter shade of gray Brian just
kind of hasn't fade into the background
a bit well yeah I'm not liking
everything everything in the foreground
is dark black you're a slightly lighter
shade of black the area behind you is a
slightly lighter shade of black and so
on and so forth yeah even get muddled
I'm with you okay this reality will
break you sorry for anyone I'm rushing
through just because I've been through
it before
there's the bonfire the classic bonfire
do I think an outline would help I mean
he he basically is a filled in outline
I'm not I'm not entirely sure what you
mean like it what if he had like a white
that might just look weird if they were
surrounded by a white halo I don't I
don't know yeah yeah I could it could
look weird I like it I think it works I
think it's I think it's interesting
enough to work but like you know here I
could see someone getting really
frustrated because it's just hard to
tell like oh that's something I have to
smash but but it all works
so so rich I've I've discovered a new
show I really like you've discovered a
new show you really like I don't hear
anybody talk I've never I've never
really heard people talking about the
show okay I'm ready the Mike Tyson
mysteries
it's an Adult Swim show okay and I've
never heard of it
hey seventies style kind of like
animated like go around the gang solves
the mysteries okay led by Mike Tyson
it's Mike Tyson a talking pigeon his his
adopted 18 year old Asian daughter okay
and a gentleman ghost go around solving
mysteries and is it really Mike Tyson
and it's really Mike Tyson doing the
voice and here's the thing yeah here's
my here's my dilemma
okay I think the show's hysterical oh
boy
but yeah Mike Tyson is a convicted
rapist
oh my they're guilty for liking it ya
know like Natalie like not only rape but
he like beat the shit out of several
women yes yeah right right
I get what you're saying hard to beat
hard to be on board with that I I know
he did his time
oh you know what that's it that's
actually a different a different take on
the whole situation he did do his time
yes Norm Macdonald is the talking pigeon
Norm Macdonald is the talking pigeon
yeah that sounds pretty good so uh
talking sex-addict pigeon oh good well
of course cuz why not
buzz let's March dead it's like adults
with like 11 minute long episodes and
some of them had me laughing pretty
hysterically yeah yeah I'll say this
about Mike Tyson he's either really
really dumber than anybody thought or G
he has a very good sense of humor hey
mine Tyson well yes it's it's the this
this the him doing his time raises a
larger philosophical question right he
committed a crime a horrible crime oh
yeah
horrible horrible but the whole point of
jail is oh you know you you do your time
and then you know you're reformed or
whatever right and so like the whole
idea of jail is once you get out of jail
slate yes wiped clean you did a bad
thing we put you in jail now now it's
kind of even steven and so there's some
people Chad saying you know that the
fact that he did his time doesn't matter
because you know he's still he's still a
psychopath and it's like well then
you're just saying that jail doesn't
matter which is a whole larger thing
right wait and then we might as well
start you know freezing people and
reprogramming their brains or sucking
their ghosts out of our body or just the
death penalty or for everyone for more
things yeah yeah exactly
and so yeah that's just a bigger that's
just a bigger topic there man I gotta
remember how to beat this guy I've
beaten him before sunt devourer of light
out
person in the chat talking about it I
actually watched the first season of
iZombie with Karen II it's a cute show
oh that's that's CW's yeah I'm sure yeah
I haven't I haven't gone out of my way
to track down the second season so
you're not like super and that's super
into it but basically enjoyed it what's
the premise that when woman turns into a
zombie she needs to eat brains she gets
a job working at a morgue and she has
the memories of people they end up in
the morgue and she ends up like
frequently solving their murders okay
that's cute yeah oh that's cute we can
deal with that she like gets their
memories and their personality traits
temporarily oh so then she gets to play
like different parts yeah yeah she could
see like gonna be different people for
each episode yeah ask cute
that sounds like like classic wacky
procedural
classic CW procedure all fluff it all do
eat the brains gain their knowledge wait
wait does she does she gain their
knowledge or just their personality she
got some memories from them
okay so yeah a little bit of knowledge I
suppose I suppose
you know what I've still have never seen
mr. robot I've heard people say it's a
good show I'm just not I'm not familiar
with it I just don't care that much do
you have a shield I'm gonna do
does it riposte No
thank you
ah damnit and I died extra hard that
time yeah yeah is this on the Gameboy it
does look a bit like a gameboy actually
this this could be a Game Boy no pardon
him this could be a gameboy game as
there are only there are only two
buttons in this game there's roll and
there is attack that is it I am maybe it
started as like one of those like gluten
dare game jams yes only two buttons and
so that's it it's just roll and a tag
this could you know I'm sure it actually
could not be a Game Boy game for me
technical reasons that I am not privy to
but galactic Sean says dholak Big Sean
love nerd crew do you feel Disney makes
Star Wars stories as a band-aid for fan
gripe and do you think escape the sarlat
Sarlacc pit is in the works
Mike I think Farscape is a great show I
think I really love first I know you do
and I just could not get into it I mean
it you know it got cancelled at the
wrong time you know lady get cancelled
out of cliffhanger but they did get to
come back with the miniseries and and
while like the miniseries would have
been season 5 it's like a rush season 5
okay it works well enough it gives you
the conclusion that the show needed hmm
how long is the miniseries um I forgot
how many hours it was it was like
probably four hours okay
maybe less maybe less I'd have to go
back and actually double check how long
it was I don't really remember but the
end the end the last chunk the the
climax is what it needed to be okay I
guess suppose that's good how
when does Farscape get good um before
the end of the first season maybe
halfway through the first season it
starts getting good when she honest
shows up helm yeah maybe I got a maybe I
got a work pass I I don't think you know
I I was able to get like oh I was able
to get you did you Jack I'm not bothered
if you don't like Farscape because I'm
not weird
oh why no I know I just you know I know
I know it's a show you really enjoy it
and I have heard you know good things
about it we don't you don't like
guardians of the galaxy
well I think that's a that's
specifically a James Gunn yeah okay I
think I'm not a fan of James Gunn's
style of comedy shit and in a lot of
ways guardians the galaxy is just
completely ripping off Farscape hit him
oh my god dang it Swedish a Isis hey
guys recently re-watched Bugsy Malone
Xena thoughts also a musical related
question the anything-goes intro in
Temple of Doom yeah essential annoying
fun man or what Oh fun fun I don't know
what I'd say essential but fun
okay serious question yeah a Bugsy
Malone is that what you want as well
no I was gonna talk about Indiana Jones
but I don't know what's what's Bugsy
Malone okay Bugsy Malone is actually
it's actually interesting it's got Jodie
Foster and Scott Baio but when they were
kids there's like when they're still
clearly kids ain't really teenagers but
kids playing gangsters it's like a
gangster movie but all of the parts are
played by children acting as adults that
sounds fantastic it's weird
that sounds fantastic what a great
premise yeah okay I got to remember that
one
I think of a Scott Baio yes
all kid cast that sounds hilarious that
sounds like wise was that wasn't that
guns it was they threw pies I'm trying
to remember and that that sounds
familiar to me if your pies to kill Pete
yes and Jodie Foster was young Jodie
Foster okay that sounds great my blood
chance is rich wait wait what wait yeah
I was on about any any Jones oh yeah
yeah yeah here's my serious question
about Indiana Jones okay how popular was
Raiders of the Lost Ark compared to
Temple of Doom extremely I mean what do
you mean compared to I'm a popular
they're both popular was Raiders of the
Lost Ark a gigantic hit yes okay and
absolutely and and I was too young at
the time so it was absolutely a gigantic
Raiders was a gigantic it okay well you
know because in talking about that the
opening musical number which i think is
very fun and I also think does a really
good job of setting up kind of the world
they were in and so like my question was
like did they need to set it up if if
the first movie wasn't that popular you
know we're doing a period piece in the
1930s let's let's do a song and dance
routine yeah oh yeah I know it works
there we go no it totally works
III really enjoy the opening it sets the
mood you know while overall I don't
really like the guardians of the galaxy
I think that's something that the first
movie did really good yeah is when you
get that musical number and you see
Peter quill dancing and walking to his
objective you know exactly the tone of
the movie and so even when it gets
darker you know it's it's it's a fun
movie yeah and so yeah Temple of Doom
does the same thing this is gonna be a
fun swingin movie no matter the highs
are low oh come on
very important
if some people don't like temple of doom
I like it I have no problems with temple
of doom yeah it's fine I mean it's it's
no Raiders the best movies ever right oh
sure like and I would probably put it as
like you know out of the three Indiana
Jones movies I'd put it third because
Last Crusade is beautiful yes
I'd probably go I'd probably go Raiders
Last Crusade Temple of Doom not to say
the Temple of Doom is bad I'll put
Raiders first I don't know how I ranked
last here they're close I like them both
yeah I like the ball huh that's fair I
know a lot of people a lot of people
complain about um what's-her-face being
annoying well he's got really Scott but
she works as a take of the classic
damsel in distress exactly that's like
that's what she's supposed to be right
she's playing the role that she is
supposed to be playing so yeah it's a
fine movie
fine fine movie
fine finally all those Indiana Jones
movies all three of those Capshaw's the
only bad part of Temple of Doom she has
annoyingly shrill that's the one he's
supposed to be that's that's the part
that she I mean she's acting correctly
yes some people just don't get it there
they're playing the damsel in distress
trope straight with Willie Scott and
either like that or you don't they're
playing the whole movie straight that's
one of the greatest things about Indiana
Jones is just cheesy pulp hero huh and
and they're playing the whole done with
a big-budget yeah yeah yeah yeah
all right why am I gonna be boring
Efendi fought Nazis for three straight
movies oh yeah yeah yeah no that was
foot that was fun in the first one and
you know we get we get little uh oh well
I suppose he's fighting the Nazis in the
third one yeah you suppose well in that
movie where he fights the Nazis I've I
forgot for a moment I was uh I was
thinking of is that is the other like
the guardians of the temple okay I was
like oh no those oh no no he's yes he's
definitely am I in my head for just a
second the red herring tricked me set up
you set up this character who goes on
adventures yes
what I'm not sure we go on this week
Nazis okay oh what a venture me to go on
this week Nazis what a venture we gonna
go on this week Nazis what adventure
we're gonna go on this week more Nazis
you might as well be called Indiana
Jones Nazi hunter right right right
not archaeologist he's going to be a
globe-trotting hero he'd need to fight
different things on occasion
absolutely oh shit doesn't oh shit
absolutely
throat of despair yes fate of Atlantis
is on our list of games to play
that is the point-and-click Indiana
Jones Adventure which many consider to
be the the true forth Indiana Jones
sequel so I would be absolutely okay
playing fate of Atlantis did you ever
play that one so it might be a good one
to play valiant bloodshot says rich
yes panic blowjob have you ever played
the Sniper Elite games I just played the
third one today it plays and feels like
Metal Gear Solid five Oh way better and
no terrible story it's a shooter you'd
probably enjoy if you want to challenge
I shoulda played the elite sniper games
I never have
I've not played any of them no
particular reason the elite sniper game
yeah yeah I hear good things supposed to
be fun vomiting ugh says shit what did
you think of the Mega Man 11
announcement trailer it looks kind of
like the original demo from rightie
number nine you think Capcom would have
come out with Mega Man 11 without mighty
number 9 did you hear about Reed Ashe a
Mega Man Legends tribute reader sounds
vaguely familiar but I don't know much
about it as far as Mega Man 11 I mean I
don't know Mega Man looks terrible and
his running animation looks terrible
okay I'm fine that the making another
Mega Man game I didn't even know that
they were making about Mega Man game
they go they go that's great good for
them maybe was mighty number 9
successful yeah it was kind of infamous
I doubt that would inspire any games it
got it got less unless this is just them
Capcom telling ya to go fuck himself
like you fuck that up here you think
you're the Mega Man man here
we're gonna do this he's our man he's
our mega man and fuck you he's our mega
man mighty number 9 was a dumpster fire
no it wasn't a dumpster fire I mean it
could have been a lot better but had
solid controls yeah that's more than
half the battle a platformer good
controls yeah it had issues but it
wasn't some lame some lame levels yeah
yeah they'd had some really lame levels
I mean I know their their community
manager was an sjw or something but oh
is that if I don't think that makes the
game a dumpster fire you know it's just
kind of bad with some good qualities to
it too many dumpster fires
you can't put out all the dumpster fires
uh-huh there's just too many of them
fucking hell nope nope nope
only we can only handle one dumpster
fire per month at this point that's the
new that's the new limit everyone so get
on that only one dumpster fire per month
please so choose your dumpster fire
wisely nope no I'm just I'm just running
past you you too bye
when do I think they'll announce doom
two or five or whatever it will be
called when they're ready to reveal it I
guess I can only presume they're working
on another doom game as the last one was
super popular I'm gonna make a ton of
money if they make another doom game so
I can only assume it's in the in the
works but what we also know is that the
people who made the doom game were were
really passionate about the doom game
right right and so if they are working
on a sequel to that game and it's not up
to their standards they're not gonna
fucking release it yeah as as somebody
who loved doom the my answer is I want
to hear about it right now and I want to
play it tomorrow of course of course as
as an intelligent human being though I I
want to see them do it right and the
proper answer is whenever they're ready
to reveal it mm-hmm when when they think
they got something worth showing mm-hm
and hopefully they don't rush it out the
door
mmm-hmm as far as the title it probably
won't be a number it'll probably be some
kind of subtitle it might just flat-out
be called hell on earth
do you don't think they'll do dude
doomed to hell on earth that was what
the actual doom 2 was called
the original doom 2 was called doom to
hell on earth they might just call this
one doom hell on earth or go you know
like listen they've already called the
remake doom uh-huh you might as well go
full-on reaming also call it doomed to
hell on earth why not so then we as
critics get to go doomed to hell on
earth 2019 or whenever it comes out guys
you know what like part of me really
likes this art stock is like look at
those things right it's like and it's
fun to imagine just kind of what they
are what are you are you gonna kill me
why not call it doom on earth because
that's weird
hell on earth is a thing that people say
doom on earth doom on earth is just
weird
I'll give you points for interesting
that's interesting I couldn't do them on
earth I'm gonna like classic doomed to
as much I like the the expanded monsters
I like I like the new monsters they
added but the levels in doom 2 we're
awful puzzling oh yeah yeah I'm not
looking good I'm not looking good
sure use a fire right about now about oh
fuck what do you mean by puzzly levels
by the way find the hidden key not as
much of a straightforward shoot the
monsters oh ok
but there were still shoot the monster
Oh monsters yeah ok but then like beyond
shooting the monsters you also had other
shit to do that levels could be kind of
confusing and not straightforward
and what switch am I supposed to hit
sure sure I remember replaying doomed to
a few years ago a couple years ago and I
mean there's a secret oh there's a
secret over here the jig is up
anyone super excited about the new
noclip documentary what they're doing
one on Bethesda okay just a giant like
history of the whole company just
fucking everything we're gonna die we're
not we're gonna give you a fucking
everything and a sneak peek at this new
fallout 76 they've gotten they've gotten
access to okay okay
which many a you know of course I don't
really care about fallout you know I
actually like there's a lot of the
Bethesda library that I don't care about
I'm more just excited about a new noclip
documentary fallout 76 is what I call
yeah we have many details on this we
have no details on this what Pete what a
lot of people are assuming is some sort
of online survival some people are even
going as far to speculate it's gonna be
an online battle royale 776 is a weird
thing what in in universe in the Fallout
universe yeah when does the war happen
is this presumably something that takes
place before the war no it's a vault
7600 okay its vault 76 but yeah there's
there's a ton of speculation and just
nobody nobody knows nothing nobody knows
nothing about nothing oh the war takes
place in 77 but but people are like like
one of their social media managers was
just like hey this is not a new Fallout
game this is not a new open-world RPG
and if you think it is you're gonna be
disciplined I'm not necessarily saying
it's gonna be an RPG I'm just wondering
you know based on the name whatever game
it is
oh you know what absolutely possibly but
yeah a lot of people are speculating
survival our survival online game some
people are saying it's going to be a
battle royale game there's tons of
speculation
I guess bald 76 is the thing in the
universe all right all right yeah we're
sorry I speculated Jesus is fuck it
might be into it well but but see like
you can't I don't think you can have an
in-universe Fallout game happened before
the fallout yeah because you know what
the outcome is gonna be no matter what
like what's your goal in a game before
the fallout happens literally anything
they want right oh right he could be
about how the war started I don't
fucking know I'm not I'm not big on the
Laura fallout I don't know oh no I just
think you turn it you get you get into a
terminator situation where it's like
well it's gonna happen anyway no matter
what you do right like kill squad no
matter what you do what's gonna happen
I'm so glad that we can finally talk
about about Ryan's babe and kill squad
Oh chat there's so much that we've been
holding in the same pattern every scene
every scene breather in between even
just confront run kick snipe confront
run kicks nut so when someone had a good
idea like we need to make a t-shirt that
says that just confront period run
period kick period snipe that would be a
great shirt don't you think I don't know
in any case you you can you you people
in chant have don't understand how
ridiculous all of those movies were but
how
we're not coming on that dick punch
because there was so much going on that
movie like the dick punch was the least
of everybody's concern there was some
higher level weirdness going on beyond
just a cheap groin shot yeah yeah sure
dick punch great have you noticed the
rest of the fucking movie Brian's name
really on the same level as the room
it's a different movie but oh yeah I I
honestly and you know I was trying to
explain it too there's still no
performance that will ever match Tommy
Boy well it doesn't have it doesn't have
that it doesn't have that it doesn't
have the incredible narcissism of breehn
like they each have it's it's like
different flavors at the same intensity
you know it doesn't have Tommy Wiseau it
doesn't have the narcissism of brain but
it has something so incredibly special
which is something we could never
articulate I don't think you came the
closest when you said it was 20 movies
freeze-dried into one right right that
and it's so true like you just like the
the camera cuts and it's a whole
different movie with no explanation to
how the movie started you put the movie
in a vent 20 movies in a vacuum chamber
yeah and just suck everything out all
the details the plot structure
motivation still all these 20 movies yes
one minute segments chef on the same DVD
and that's Ryan's babe yeah and it since
it's that's the best way to describe it
it's absolute insanity all of a sudden
he's at a truck stop why is he at a
truck stop we don't know but he has a
job when did he get that job we don't
know like other movies that have 20
different things going on usually like
everything comes together at the end of
course like Cannonball Run everyone's
doing their own different events but at
the end everybody kind of comes together
and whoop
all the threads tie up at once yes
it's a mad mad mad mad world if ones on
their own weird pass but they're all
going to the same spot and they all get
there at the same time whoop everything
gets tied up oh yeah
cannonball run that cannibal run
cannonball cannibal run is a very
different movie a very different movie
Cannonball Run is a movie about it I was
a cross-country race I forgot where it
was but it's not like a race track but
it's racing the other end of the country
oh yeah well I don't know if it's
cross-country or if it's just like
California that Vegas it's a ways yeah
it's a cross state lines race using
actual roads and they have like bizarre
strategy is to get out of being pulled
over by the cops yeah yeah somebody's
driving an ambulance wasn't somebody
else dressed up like nuns they like get
the sympathy card if they got pulled
over
yeah yeah right all sorts of general
insanity Canabalt was East Coast to West
Coast okay okay all right I believe you
just because I don't know any better
gosh damn
gosh dang it so like that's that's the
thing is these types of movies that have
all of these different storylines that
is what is supposed to happen is they're
supposed to be the payoff Blues Brothers
I think is is a fantastic example they
meet all these strange characters along
the way but one you have a destination
you have an overarching goal we're on a
mission from God
to do this we have to do this boom
overarching goal and then you get all
your wacky stuff and then everything
comes together at the end for a
satisfying conclusion job well done
yeah this Ryan's babe is is five-minute
vignettes that are frankenstein stitched
together they don't even improperly half
of them well that's the thing we're so
stop like like you know you want to
reattach your arm to your shoulder but
you at you attach your forearm right to
your shoulder you missed the elbow
completely it's nuts man it's apps of
fucking lutely nuts it is and and that's
just the structure everybody is
overdubbed fucking everybody is overdub
to the point is there a payoff for the
professionally the perpetually drunken
dad doesn't he just stop wanting to kill
Ryan
I forgot what happened the babe the the
babe tells him that that she I don't
think they showed that though no they
just talked about it after the fact the
babe talked to Ryan's mom to say that
she told her dad that everything was
fine so you remember don't you remember
it so many babes
everybody's a babe oh man oh man oh man
remember when the prostitutes husband
confronted the mother and the daughter
with a gun and then ended up getting
shot for the police oh wait that
happened off camera
haha so what's your problem
fuck just lost a ton of shit I don't
know what those things do ya know that
happened like there's I I I'm really
looking forward to a rewatch Jim from
Canada I was talking to me yeah because
apparently Jim from Canada without
knowing that we had that movie or watch
that movie recently got Ryan's babe yeah
and was like we were just about to watch
it and so hopefully we can next time
they're here we can all do a another
watch a second viewing not taping
ourselves so we can just enjoy you know
yeah I'm assuming Mike wants to see
about oh yeah yeah oh that's right I
didn't even think about that
Mike missed out on Ryan's babe
on Ryan's babe life-changing a
life-changing movie
rebel base says hey guys hi rebel base I
picked up rogue sky from a switch
because you guys had so much fun playing
it oh yeah that was the the flight sim
procedural rich they added a cockpit
view I remember that being something you
specifically asked for maybe you can
play it on stream again as always thanks
for the content like an actual copy they
had like a first-person view right yeah
it wasn't a cockpit I know I don't try
and remember I think I'd be great yeah
that's a fun good man the switch gets
everything this switch has everything
except for Dark Souls remastered which
by the way I'm sorry I really want to
play there's nothing I could do to help
you that's true rich that's very very
true the latchkey kid says have you guys
ever thought of playing any of the jack
box games on the stream great
audience-participation quip lash and TKO
are the best I'm not familiar with the
jack box games that you don't know jack
people cuz I know you don't know jack
it's a trivia game oh yeah I love those
games but I'm not I'm not familiar with
whiplash or TKO
te e KO you don't know jack games are
fantastic trivia games
my most difficult thing about you don't
know jakka's they phrased the question
so confusedly because they're trying to
make a terrible joke uh-huh so it's the
problem it takes me it takes me longer
to decipher the question that takes me
to answer the question uh-huh what the
fuck are they trying to ask what part of
that question is a joke of a party
that's the question what
Oh have all these items and I don't know
what any of them do it's almost like
that's the point well whether or not
it's the point doesn't change the fact
that I don't like that CyberLink says
thoughts on chicken and waffles
isn't it the pinnacle of human food
achievements no yes cheese fries is the
pedicle of human food chicken and
waffles is the most delicious thing in
the world red chicken waffles
chicken and waffles yeah I'm okay
whatever I've never had this combination
you're missing out okay you are you are
missing out it is it is a culinary
experience almost like no other
something cake and beef yes that's
exactly what it sounds like but you know
I mean really the waffle is just bread
right like that's that's all a waffle is
it's just a sweet bread but it's it
turns into this amazing concoction where
you know you have you have your your
sweet and flaky waffle covered in syrup
and you go okay I understand this and
then you have your crispy chicken your
savory crispy chicken they may put a
little hot sauce on it right and that is
beautiful and then you start you know
combining the two where you put a little
syrup and hot sauce on your crispy
chicken and then you put a little hot
sauce and syrup on your waffle and you
just start eating it all together and
all the flavors shockingly work
harmoniously together and they are it's
beautiful me I will have to just take
your word it's absolutely beautiful
years ago on one of my trips to to Los
Angeles we went to Roscoe's chicken and
waffles of you know famous Los Angeles
rosco chicken and waffles and I didn't
know what to expect so you saw her like
hey what's the normal thing to order
yeah you know because it's a full
restaurant not just chicken and waffles
and they go I know what you
okay okay white boy I get what you're
here that's they didn't say that but
that's the tone that I got was I was
fine you know they guy I got a nice
sweet iced tea some some chicken and
waffles and it was absolutely delicious
yeah highly highly recommend chicken and
waffles crispy fried man says I got
wizard of legend and it is fun but also
frustrating I feel like I'm getting
nowhere in terms of getting good spells
earning gems and getting more powerful
in the game how long do you play it
before you get good got any tips review
it soon yeah none Jack waited that much
since you know played on a stream and I
then after the stream I tried to I gave
it maybe another hour and a half two
hours just like okay I you know this is
this is I end I will I'm a Kickstarter
backer apparently I completely forgot
that I backed it on Kickstarter to be
100% honest with you
hold on yes it is bone-in chicken it's a
it's a bone-in chicken breast on top of
a waffle but uh so I like at one point
in the development of this game I was
very excited I was excited enough to
give them money yeah before the game
came out and in the time playing it here
on stream and playing it at home I
didn't much care for it it was kind of
underwhelming okay and so I have no tips
I have nothing to offer you because I
was super underwhelmed by wizard of
legend only playing it for you know what
six hours and four of those being on
stream so I haven't played it but him it
looks looks a bit like a hyper light
drifter to me I like that ya know it
probably has some good elements but and
I can't tell you why it is that I don't
that I'm not into it but I was shit look
at this thing
interesting interesting did you just
push me look he just pushes me back
right ho Jeeves says hey guys here's
some money that I'm giving you for
having the fortitude to have watch
Brian's babe
Ryan's but Jay suggested it might have
the kind of appeal that the room has
would you suggest other people watch
this movie for entertainment if you're
in our bad movie circle yeah yeah I mean
obviously yeah yeah oh yeah yeah this is
this is a showstopper this isn't this
isn't your first rodeo
Ryan's babe but if you've already seen
your samurai cops and you're Miami
connections and you've and you've
laughed along to the room if you've if
you've breathed it up you are ready for
Ryan's babe yeah it's it's something
else man great artist Neil Breen says
Mad Max fury road is the best action
movie ever made
yes yes Jack what choose better fateful
findings or partners mm a haven't seen I
haven't seen fateful findings oh I know
rich and I did I cheat it stop waiting
yeah I cheated and you know what it was
worth it okay I did see fateful findings
we were having a group of friends of
mine who had also not seen the room we
got together and watched the room and
after we were done watching the room we
were all tasted up for more and fateful
findings is on Amazon streaming for free
and well and it was great it was you
need to see it I know you know I know I
can't know you it's fine you're being
smart you're waiting until cameras are
rolling so you know but fell off oh so
so what's better partners or faithful
findings Breen is the answer to that all
right like partners is really special
then the follow-up which is better
fateful findings or Ryan's babe
now I haven't seen fateful findings yeah
I have seen double down yeah I'll put
double down over Ryan's babe I'm double
down over it yeah yeah well it's and
this is what I was talking about before
where it's like like if you look at
Tommy Wiseau you look at Neal Breen and
you look at Ryan's babe to me their own
what you can't compare them to each
other because they are so unique excuse
me in their badness right like Tommy
Wiseau is a clear alien he is a Martian
living among us trying to blend in yeah
Neil Breen is so up his own ass that he
can't see the terrible movie movies he's
making yeah and that's something very
special but very different than Tommy
Wiseau and Ryan's babe is like a little
bit alien a little bit up his own ass
and just a little bit incompetent you
know like it's a little Miami connection
where they just want to make a movie
yeah and so I I I don't know if I'd put
them above or below each other just
because they're different flavors okay
okay
Ryan's baby is very special partners
though like it sounds like I'm dissing
partners and I you know you need to know
that that partners I never wanted to
watch partners again after the first
time and just knowing that that dude
taught film school man I know I know
yeah that dude Todd film school he made
partners banhammer kool-aid jammers his
opinions on The Truman Show my favorite
movie of all time
I love the premise I don't know that
I've ever super been big on Jim Carrey
that's a good movie I like The Truman
Show Jack you seen The Truman Show I
like I like The Truman Show a lot
I like the German show a lot and
no I think it's a fantastic movie I
think Truman Show has a fans ask me I
and but I mean I guess I'm coming from a
stance of really liking Jim Carrey mhm i
I think he's incredibly funny and when
the Truman Show came out that was one of
his like turns into a dramatic role and
I think it showcased him really well as
an actor I love the premise I love the
story yeah I love the Truman Show I'm
super into the cheering job I think it's
great I think it's great my my mom who's
a bit of a hippie yeah she she's a bit
she's a bit on the whole like
anti-government yeah hippie side of
things watch The Truman Show and and had
to turn it off halfway through because
you know like it's literally about like
the world oppressing one man it she's
like I couldn't do it I was like might
you have to watch the whole movie too
you know because that's that's the whole
point is like the whole literally his
whole world is against him until you
should really finish the movie she's
like I can't I can't and I won't you
can't make me she we're storming amuse
this whole world's lie right right and
then you're like it's it's it's a
beautiful philosophical a question at
the end of the movie where it's like he
could have chosen the easy life like
every everything you need you will never
have to worry just be part of the the
universe we've created for you and you
never have to worry again and you know
oh he doesn't worry either way he's oh
you know why you know the the most
popular show on earth he was on it for
fucking over 20 years god dammit he's
gonna have so much fuckin money after he
escapes
what are you he was like thirty he was
thirty some Jesus Christ he's gonna buy
his own private island he's gonna be so
isolated oh yeah that's that's not true
man ends up oh of course
totally buys his own Island and just
need nobody he's even less people that
he can't trust the rest of the world
right he just wants to be alone he's
gonna be one of those people that buys
like Anna
and nuclear bunker have you seen her
like a nuclear missile silo that I turn
into a house and just seal himself in no
one can see me no what can see me but
but here's the thing if you're if you're
not reading you know what happens after
the movie into the movie there's there's
just that nice morality tale and uh yeah
it's so I'd like The Truman Show a lot I
actually I think I want to really watch
that now that you mention it he's gonna
be a very lonely man cuz he doesn't have
any friends he's got one from is yeah
he's got one on the outside the one who
tried to get him out of there right the
lady are they friends II barely knew her
he's well what I'm saying is he has one
person on the outside that he controls
they're gonna meet once on the outside
couple times gonna be a little bit
awkward yeah yeah rest of his damn life
maybe you should complete shut-in he'll
probably shut in for like a couple years
but then after a while like you know The
Truman Show buzz will die down
everything will get to him and then
he'll have all the money in the world so
then he'll just probably enjoy all the
people you'll have trouble trusting
anybody oh that ship has sailed
he's not gonna be able to trust anything
yeah sure ones ability to trust will be
gone is God
he might want sex at some point you hire
a prostitute he's not gonna be able to
he's not gonna be able to trust close
relationships oh yeah listen like he
can't you know if you remember the movie
like his father died right only to find
out that his father wasn't his father he
was an actor who is still alive and
apparently felt nothing no he didn't
remember his father broke back in to
tell him was that it oh okay yeah yeah
that's what that's what started the
whole thing is his father like pretended
to be like a an extra like broke back
into Warren okay okay but uh it's been a
while since I've seen it me too but uh
but no but I like it so but but that's
the point like he was 30-something when
when he discovered that his parents
weren't his real parents
he could never have he can never have a
relationship wasn't the father just
fired and wanted back on the show oh is
that it maybe maybe damn it so his
father was hoping just to get back on
the show not good for the son may be a
very different movie I guess you
couldn't do a follow-up to the Truman
Show but what happened to Truman
afterwards Jim Carrey is probably in the
right space because he's a he's a weirdo
ah the Truman Show that's good
that's a good one now I definitely want
to rewatch that I'm probably nobody
wants that before I see solo rich I've
made a decision
did you do whatever you want you shit I
don't give a fuck if you watch solo or
not no that's the decision I made that's
that's what I needed to let you know
here's my decision and this is for the
chat and everything I don't care about
solo I don't care about solo enough to
have seen again okay that's one oh I
know it's fine I know you think it's
fine I also think it's fine but for a
little bit I think I was trying to
convince myself ah no you should you
should really go see so ah you know
something to talk about is it you know
you could do it for like a work thing or
what and I just I I just don't care then
do you want to hear who the mystery
cameo is that that has people been out
of shape yes I do it well first of all
let me guess yeah there's a mystery
cameo that has people all bent out of
shape it's stupid it didn't ruin the
movie for me but it is stupid oh it's
stupid
then it's Leia no oh it says I thought
it was gonna be young Leia like they've
brought hands
what is the dumbest character that would
show up in a Hansell above the dumbest
character to have show up Jabba the Hutt
that is not the dumbest that kind of
makes sense although it might be dumb
okay it's not the dumbest thing and it
makes no sense
and it makes no sense it makes no sense
will you watch the cloth go to show you
clothes they thought Vader no dumber
obi-wan kenobe we last saw this
character oh no oh no oh no in the
Phantom Menace Jar Jar Binks Darth Maul
watson's our 'the mall with robot legs
makes a cameo at the end of the movie as
the crime boss behind the picture what
yes that's exactly what I said
robot legs Darth Maul out legs Darth
Maul is the head of the crime crime
thing that's the dumbest no never
yeah you know cuz I was thinking oh like
oh what if what if he has an interaction
with greed oh no that could make sense
Oh Oh Bobo fed that would be pretty
stupid but know that kind of robot legs
Darth Maul oh he takes out his
lightsaber and wears it around for no
reason his double Isis forces the
lightsaber into his hand like waves it
that's insane that's utter insanity
shows up as a hologram which makes him
taking out the lightsaber make
absolutely no sense because he's a
holograph I see a minute like so like by
the way then they're leaning hard into
the rebels universe because robot legs
are small shows up in rebels a lot okay
that's well I'm just saying robot legs
Darth Maul is something that exists
already in current Disney canon but that
is wait and he's a crime boss yes I
think the Sith Lord was kind of stunned
when it happened
and I might have lost information just
because I was what made that you know
it's brick it's very brief and I think I
spent half of it like well so like he
went from being the number to SIF in the
galaxy to being like a low-level mafioso
low-level mafia boss but yes I just I
just can't even you know exactly endow
crown puts it right which is now I kind
of want to see it you might have you
might have tips to say the scales for me
a little bit doesn't factor much into
the story
I knew but why is there just to be a
pointless reveal that's what I'm
thinking is just like what purpose what
purpose could it possibly say we have no
idea other than hey there's that Darth
Maul and we need a we need a Jedi of
some sort in here says it's Star Wars so
the movie does have a lightsaber in it
yes
movie needs its obligation but the movie
has at least one lightsaber in it every
Star Wars movie needs one lightsaber
frankly rich I'm flabbergasted
I am absolutely flabbergasted I love it
maybe I I think it's dumb maybe there's
some I'm feeling so many emotions at
this moment sequel bait I don't know as
much as much as I hate Darth Maul I find
the idea of Han Solo vs. Darth Maul
bizarre enough to be intriguing I I
don't know if that's really what they
were going for who knows man
who knows that's crazy
it's it's most likely just kind of like
a fan a you know fanservice thing where
you know there are people who are just
desperately desperately into the Star
Wars universe and so yeah you know throw
them a little throw them a little
something if people like it Omega dirt
but Darth Maul's the main bed but do
they fight or anything or no he just
shows you that makes my tum go my son go
numb he's the bigger boss that the crime
boss worked for and oh my god it was
Dogma yes I can't I can't even like
speculation and I I agreed with it that
it might be setting up for an obi-wan
movie okay sure but all of the fucking
nerds in the comment sections like every
other comment because they can't see
that any everybody else poses this knows
they've met in the cartoons and obi-wan
cooled him into cartoons which would
just make it a pointless cameo that will
have no payoff but I think this people
are deluded enough to think that Disney
cares about the continuity of the
cartoons and they wouldn't just violate
that a second
you know billion dollar movie in a
heartbeat they do they'd crush it man oh
man guys man oh man
that's that's fucked up that is a
hundred percent fucked up 100% fucked up
we saw a leg get sucked into space and
survived why wouldn't Maul survive being
cut in half we talked about then we
talked about this last ring how the Leia
thing is not the dumbest thing in the
world that you don't just instant you
don't instantly freeze or explode in
space right right I mean quickly you you
freeze you know you'd I don't even know
if you freeze quickly you're gonna
suffocate they're gonna say okay before
you freeze you're a cube of space is
going to really want that air to come
out of your lungs and you will very
quickly pass out do lack of oxygen but
it is certainly not instantaneous it's
not instantaneous right right so so
there's a moment where you know you can
get a suit on or use your Force magic
usually rich yeah getting cut in half
yeah that's a pretty quick indicator now
I I know there there are nerds out there
who say well a lightsaber is so hot it
would cauterize the wounds and you know
you still have your heart and your lungs
assuming the Darth Maul alien has a
heart in the lungs where our heart lung
is but still he's got to get to a doctor
pretty dang fast and he died on Naboo
and Naboo just at like moments after
just won the war so I can't imagine he
would find a sympathetic doctor to heal
his wounds Naboo right the Leia thing is
more survivable than you people are
giving it credit for them yeah yeah I
did I it's and and of course none of it
really matters because it's all space
wizards nothing nothing ever ever matter
so if Darth Maul comes back with robot
legs good for him right that's what we
should be saying good for Darth Maul
he's got
legs I think riches stronger point here
is does it make sense to have Darth Maul
in a han Solo movie like I said that's
so bizarre I almost want to see it just
because it's so fucked up
han Solo vs. Darth Maul
it's it's it's crazy
oh wait we talked about the thing we did
oh we did I'm I'm excited that I know
now I'm really looking forward to this
cameo now I'm hoping I can glean a
little more information than you were
able to whoa whisker whiskers cuddles is
Jack how affectionate do you get with
biscuit my cat is my favorite thing in
the world he saved my life by getting me
out of my depression where I was eating
myself to death I realized if I died I'd
be leaving him behind and I couldn't do
it anymore
uh well glad you can't save me why first
of all that's great I'm glad you know it
sounds like you're you're in a better
place now that's great
that is uh I'm happy about that you know
biscuit is a very affectionate cat and
he also requires a certain amount of
pets and snuggles but you know we have
kids and so they take care of a lot of
that so Jack how are you enjoying this
game I am I'm enjoying it quite a bit
I'm probably gonna die so yep there we
go it's it's interesting it's it's not
it's not holding a ton of my attention
would you rather be playing injustice to
are we ready for injustice - I get the
feeling the chat probably is
okay sure what's uh what's our uptime yo
yo chat uptime it I don't remember
exactly what we stopped so I'm gonna say
it's been about an hour I think we
started a little you know we said a
little bit about 7:30 oh okay yeah then
we're fine
shit
Burger King diamond says a previous
stream you were discussing White Castle
burgers haha yep Maxim magazine did a
fast food taste test and decided and
Owen described White Castle as taste
like New Jersey it's more like drinking
a burger sure that's pretty fair no
ma'am you have to grow up with it I will
send the buns the bottom bun on a white
castle burger is disgusting it's it is
disgusting fucking grossest man it's
just the grossest thing you'll ever have
it's it's just the grossest how long to
reach an iPhone but you know so yeah
this game it's not it's not holding a
ton of my attention but I do love it
like just I kind of dig this this whole
idea of all the shadow monsters and you
know this guy is clearly a big ogre with
a hammer but you you kind of get to use
your imagination a little bit i I like
the balls of this game this game's got
some balls they're okay to have a little
style
none of us says bigger clusterfuck
Ryan's babe or dangerous men rinds but I
don't really I don't really remember
dangerous men well enough to answer that
fuck Ryan's babe bigger closer fuck
dangerous men had several like kind of
start and stop points okay but I'd say
that's a dangerous man had like three
separate movies in it okay you know
there was there was like the the husband
and wife that turned into like a revenge
movie and then the wife left the movie
that turned into like just to get the
gangster movie yeah if you remember
dangerous men it's been long enough I
don't even even maybe just to like
dangerous men might just be two movies
but Ryan's babe is honestly twenty
different movies smooshed into one it's
it's ridiculous
it's absolutely ridiculous alright let's
see how we are at ten more minutes ten
oh wow it's not done yet it's not done
yet
alright we have ten more minutes until
injustice two is fully downloaded
alright we've done a really good job
everybody we just got to keep going for
a little bit longer but we
doing great hang in there try fighting
this guy with the hammer none of us does
my apologies to both of them but before
you introduce Simon Barrett in the
latest plink at oh I thought man Colin
really let himself go also I'm hoping
for a best of the worst
j-jack Jim from Canada and Josh for a
j.crew episode j.crew a lot of Jays
popular name thing
yeah you know what are you gonna do what
are you gonna do oh man I don't know we
gonna do about nothing I don't know what
are you gonna do about everything we got
a lot J's Natomas says anonymous the
only interesting thing about so to me
was L 337 because her characterization
was so odd that's the robot I assumed
she's right that droids are enslaved but
the movie plays it off as a joke I think
Lord Miller wrote her to mock sjw Star
Wars fans who've taken too seriously
well I'm gonna say that T and G was
better than Farscape I mean I love
Farscape right I really love Farscape I
know that about you but just TNG overall
the more solid show well and here's the
thing I like I can't even be in on this
debate because I you know I'm not
finished Farscape right and so of course
I'm gonna say TNG is better I'd like I'd
like to I would like to back that up
with something yeah well uh but I can't
is what because I don't I don't have the
the Farscape knowledge that you have
okay so you know I'd like to get in on
this with you obviously well I think we
can prove this just by numbers alone TNG
lasted for so much longer than Farscape
well I think first Cape started Sloan I
didn't hate the early episodes you seem
to have despised them I I don't I don't
even know that you're going to like it
if you watch more and that's the thing
you know like I I don't know if it's in
me and so I but I'm saying like I think
there's a way to look at this
objectively cuz obviously like you and I
can talk about which show we like better
T and G or Farscape
but that's subjective objectively how
many seasons did Farscape last four and
TNG went seven yeah so but well yeah but
some of those seasons were a little
rocky a little rocky sure there are five
strong c500 a four and a half strong
seasons of TNG okay so they're they're
actually comparable
you chop off the parts of TNG that just
suck and so what you're saying is like
the rest of team G's popularity is just
on name recognition alone what no I'm
saying TNG's popularity is based on
those really solid fucking seasons man
the second half of season two through
season five maybe even six
I remember season seven being a little
bit rocky that's when you have Beverly
crushers grandmother fucked a ghost on
the on the on the Ireland planet
Beverly's Beverly crushers grandmother
fucked a ghost I don't I don't remember
this I can't be with you here it
happened on the Ireland planet I don't I
don't remember the Ireland planet I'll
be honest with you
the Ireland planet early crushes
grandmother fucked a guy don't remember
I don't know you can keep saying it and
I will keep not remembering when Beverly
crushers grandmother fucked a ghost Oh a
grandmother her mother fucked ergo super
fucked it goes thing his grandmother I
don't think your mother fucked a ghost
cousin but then Beverly started fucking
the ghost because if you're going to
fucked the ghost I don't remember how
far I got cuz it like if you're telling
me that Beverly Crusher is part ghost
because her mom fucked ago well wait
she'd still be one-quarter ghost right
if her grandmother sat whoa dude okay
rich I have a really important question
did the ghost pull out I don't know I
don't know what the logistics are of
getting impregnated with ghost semen
sure sure oh and you know what by the
way that's just me assuming genders
maybe it was a lesbian ghost
relationship I wasn't there bud
the ghost was fucking all the woman and
her family except for her mom okay
her mom bit of an egg oh yeah because
it's like oh not in not my thing
Chad I have never watched Seaquest or
earth to earth to yeah I don't remember
that one so well remembers thing on TV
were they looking for a new placement
earth so they're exploring this
candidate or something like that
I remember Seaquest that was rather
popular it was like Star Trek underwater
yeah yeah didn't even had a Wesley
Crusher and it talking dolphin what it
was a dolphin with like a thing got its
head that communicated oh maybe I don't
remember it as well as I as well as I
thought I did
Darwyn the dolphin okay I didn't
remember his name I'm not I'm not super
familiar with the show so you're not a
super fan yeah ah damn it
Darwin the dolphin I only watched the
first episode of TNG and I loved it
should I continue watching the first
season or should I skip the second one
is people told me to well if you love
the first episode then continue on yeah
I guess you know as long as you know
that it really starts picking up midway
through the second season go for yeah
watch the whole first season watch it
watch it chronologically huh that's
usually how I prefer to watch stuff
anyway just know that like if there's a
dull a pisode here there that it gets
better have I seen Superjail I all I
know about it said it's an Adult Swim
show or was I've I've never seen it I
saw one episode of Superjail yeah yeah
and it was to drugs for me man to drugs
yeah it was way drugs you know some
sometimes you got the the people who you
know are on the drugs that make the
shows but it's still like coherent and
Superjail was way too drugs
by the way speaking speaking of Adult
Swim yeah Adult Swim yeah I was on their
website you know a couple nights ago
which is how I discovered the Mike Tyson
show uh-huh
I saw this show on there called what was
it dub ball masters okay
people who you know you know I don't
like anime yeah the show I mean is
technically not an anime style but if
you don't know what I don't like about
anime it's that show ball master ball
master is it making fun of Anna I don't
I don't know it's just the writing feels
very anime style too babe okay and
that would that would be everything I
hate about anime what you wonder what I
hate about anime watch watch watch that
ball master show there you go there you
go and then from there I saw a link to
the Mike Tyson show and the night ended
up being a good night after all
sure sure sir ball masters 900 900 I'm
gonna take a little bathroom break and
by the time I'm done all right I'm
thinking it should be done downloading
all right this sure might have a
different name then I'm just remembering
it wrong I didn't commit it to memory as
I hated it I'm gonna make sure you don't
I'm gonna make sure I got right
now it ends in a Z so it's not ball
masters with an S
Google says it's it's an American show
yeah but okay the thing I hate about
anime isn't just the fact that it was
made in Japan okay it's a it's a style
and this ball masters with a Z ball
masters 9009 is in that style and I
despise it all right
Oh
we shall return we'll be back
oh yeah let's just set up a button for
this
all right there

[Part II]
we should be hi everybody
injustice to killed RPC what what we
need well yes
second PC just to run the stream through
and one that's just dedicated to only
worrying about playing the fucking game
agreed and so here's here's my here's my
schedule yeah this upcoming week
I am approximately 20 minutes away from
having the Battletech episode edited
okay like I was really if I would have
been late today I could have had it
finished okay but I know stream so as
soon as I have that done edited tomorrow
I will start researching what components
are most needed for a streaming PC
probably just a decent processor I would
assume I have no idea I have just no
idea the Internet that's why cable
that's gonna have that oh yeah well and
you know they have they have those
integrated capture cards Elgato makes
them yeah and so that would be nice get
one of those integrated capture cards
get stuff like that and then just to see
what we need for a streaming only PC
right can't here rich I assume they can
hear well you know what why can they
hear me I do seem quiet can they hear me
do I seem quiet to you are we quiet
Jesus Christ what the fuck did injustice
do Oh rich is fine rich is fine here
both
you
pop pop pop hey hey can you guys hear us
hey can you guys hear us
the mouse is working excellent call rich
rich made a great call yes their sound -
all right yeah Holy Mother of Krim this
is what a what a what a day what a how
do we get to the singleplayer shed that
they added why is the screen so dim why
is everything wrong
why is literally everything wrong
everything went wrong did you guys hear
oh there it is the challenges
did you guys hear like the million
windows connecting disconnecting noises
that happened like butta butta boom boom
boom boo-boom boo-boom holy fuck rich
like here's the thing though I do kind
of want to leave this screen and change
the xsplit okay and I'm gonna do it and
I just hope that doesn't absolutely
Borka you're tempting fate motherfucker
change it and shadow on your fault I did
I changed that in chatti already so okay
there all right everything's fine go
alright so this first time I'm seeing
this age I think I saw a video of this
this segment the gameplay whines okay
I'm the youtubes okay cool
we had smash Adams head with the hood of
the car done and buggies life while he
relieves himself in the woods
easy enough yeah those things will kill
you grab and kill Bugsy on us
okay so there's different ways we can
kill them during them and you're playing
against bots yeah okay oh crap so what
we were saying before everything works
out is on our list of things
oh wait no I admit oh yeah they go on
are on our list of things on our list of
things that we want next is a PC only
for streaming because we run into this
quite a bit where we stream and game
from the same PC and it causes these
issues right so after I am done editing
the episode which I'll be done with that
tomorrow I'm really close and then I
just need to color correct and and add
the music and I do need to color
corrected they the cameras while in
focus this time all works drastically
different color temperatures and so you
were very blue our wide-angle yeah the
hot chicks are wide-angle looked good
and I was very orange so I need some
color correction but it will be done
tomorrow the episode and then I will
spend my time researching a decent
streaming PC it'll be great I want the
cat back I know I know people are gonna
be disappointed there's no biscuit
people love that biscuit this kid will
come back
how much of a PC do you need well well
that's the thing like it doesn't need to
have a super big hard drive
I can't imagine we need that powerful of
a graphics card but I don't know I don't
know what we need
we'll need a Astra
an ingest card and you know I know al
gato makes those and we use el gato
products all the time and so I'll
probably stick with that just because we
use them and you know them right yeah we
need a decent amount of RAM basic GPU
and then a decent CPU but but uh so I
think we can do it on a relatively small
budget which you know that'd be nice
obviously this is B probably a good
processor plenty room right well so that
like that's the thing is there's a
there's an easy solution to a lot of
these problems which is we just get a
second computer in here you know might
be nice our computer is currently for
maybe something just to put both
computers that be nice not necessary but
just off the carpet and you know it's
not thick carpet in here but why not
pockets oh yeah whatever
oh you got a dance you got a I got the
emotes oh boy
I had to get a couple USB cards to run
multiple log attack cameras through oh
sure
well we already have we have the cam
link that's what we really need watch
your step catch any councillor in a trap
ooh complete the entire mission without
using the shift ability as part six
Jason okay Wow all right
roast Chad in the fireplace so done
so done yes age al dente mmm boil AJ's
face in the kitchen yep
shocking revelations electrocute Mitch
to death on the generator alright and so
then you can get a couple of these
objectives checked off and then the next
time you play you get a couple more on
you so yeah okay just little things to
do nice or get a better computer for
games and use the current one for stream
but this computer works you know this
computer works just fine for gaming I
have no grab kills oh you're right i'm
you didn't you didn't equip any grab
kills well that's right you're playing
in my whatsapp a will get some
environmental your fun
I should really damage a fuse box which
causes him to come out that would be
nice yeah that would be nice
to make them remember what they did you
guys getting with is it still the same
system built a few years back yeah yeah
this is the computer that rich built
yeah the first computer building stream
and it's a very nice computer it works
you know for gaming very all the time
very nicely right
yeah yeah yeah
cops weren't quite around yet what year
is this 84
yeah she's maybe she's just a punk not a
goth you know when was the Cure a big
deal that's what that's when the goth
thing started to pick up her face yeah
can you open the door without her
noticing nope really dark yeah no can
you guys even see this
I can't this is to grab again Shh I
can't see this at all we're gonna have
to adjust the gamma you see it fine what
I don't see it I think the injustice to
borked the TV oh you can do it rich you
can kill her I believe in you nope nope
no mailbox skill stuff I just think
things would not be advisable
considering what happened a few minutes
ago I know but it would be nice if we
could see what was happening
oh fuck all right we have anonymous who
says my high school reunion is next
weekend
any advice don't go it's pointless
you probably won't have a good time for
what high school reunion oh I've never
gone to mine no don't go if there was
anybody from high school I wanted us to
see I'd have kept in touch with them out
of high school yes yeah Karen and mine
it's it there you go the the high school
reunion is is the is the craziest
do-do-do-do-do so yeah my advice to you
would be don't go it seems silly seem
silly why do you want to go you're gonna
go you're gonna go you're gonna say hey
what do you do this is what I do now
okay bye hey what do you do this is what
I do now bye dump we're gonna restart
this yeah yeah oh that was that was
ultra suck
well altra suck go to the settings and
up the gamma a little bit this is nuts
isn't this crazy dark it's fine for them
we're setting actually on the TV I have
no idea is it okay for you I can I can I
can deal I guess okay that's fine this
is basically it I can't imagine the big
much more Friday the 13th story mode
than this yeah let's see here
gobbledygook they're gobble TVs says
show dogs released a recut a week after
opening due to parent outrage the
cutscene involves a dog preparing to
have its testicles inspected by a judge
by learning to go to a happy place is
this more or less disgusting than gum
chewing in in cap time I heard about
this actually I have no idea what the
fuck it's a goofy kids movie called show
dogs I think will arnett is in it and
what it's what it's about is a cop dog
and and his comp partner having to go
undercover at a dog show to catch a
criminal right and you know you we hear
what the dog says the cop dog
and it's supposed to it's supposed to be
a goofy movie right and one of the big
plot points of the movie is the dog is
really nervous about having its
testicles inspected as they do in a dog
show okay yeah and I swear to you one of
the character developments of the movie
was the dog our hero of the kids movie
has to be okay with strangers touching
his testicles right but you know kids
watch the movie and it's all about being
okay with strangers touching your
private parts you'd think at some point
during the production that would have
been stopped right I don't know why
anybody would watch this movie in the
first place I think is what I'm getting
at it's a movie that's out in the movie
theater you put it on your kids you did
something you don't think about right
but uh show dog testicle inspector from
Pixar exactly what is wrong with that
jack generally speaking you want to
teach children that it's not okay for
strangers to touch their testicles and
if there's testicles yeah or their
testicles or their testicles you don't
want anyone touching either so nice so
there was a sizable parental outrage
over the movie opening and there they're
kids you know you know what's the lesson
here my I'm supposed to tell my kid it's
okay to have someone touch your balls
get out now right like we didn't go see
the movie I had never even heard of the
movie I think I heard an NPR segment
about the parental help but apparently
they recut the movie removing that scene
but according to the the article that I
heard it was actually a quite a major
plot point and not just like a jokey bit
you wouldn't you would think in a movie
he was thinking a comedy movie like that
it
would be like one bit where he's like
preparing to do the dog show and then
like you know someone grabs his balls
and they cut to that shot of him going
like this going home and oh there's a
joke ha ha I'm just wondering why this
is the thing you wouldn't want to talk
about I got kids man I get my life
revolves around kids movies sometimes
that sounds absolutely you know what
rich sometimes it's horrible and
sometimes they they come to me with
Batman the Animated Series the first box
set and say hey it's been a while since
we've seen this can we watch this and I
say APSA fuckin Lully you want to watch
Batman
yeah then they watch a couple episodes
ago dad this is really good yeah it is
let's watch Batman the Animated Series
type shove Chad what do you have to do
I'm chef Chad in the fireplace
ok so you have to wait till they get in
well they're in Oh are they I watch them
going ok nope nope the check oh what's
that yeah Chad inside ok what hobbies
are you or a dead body who are you
Bravo you fuck you messed up you messed
up that's your fault that's all right
is it is it though is it though Chad's
gonna get away and the Superman animated
series is pretty underappreciated that
that whole universe the the Batman The
Adventures of Superman the Justice
League that that whole trifecta was
great even Batman Beyond Batman Beyond
was great too which technically is part
of the same cartoon universe all that
was fantastic
so I loved all that I'm a fan of all of
that no word yet still on release date
before the the blu-ray of Batman the
Animated Series final 13th has missions
now I don't get it single-player mode
this is a single-player mode this is
probably a good idea for like well I'm
what I'm saying is it's probably a good
idea like or this would have been a good
idea when the game first came out as a
way to familiarize yourself with the
controls learn the maps a little bit
learn some fun kill locations yeah but
wait complete the entire mission without
using the shift ability as part 6 Jason
I did unless I need to get all the kills
do I have the wrong Jason are you part 6
Jason try that again now I have to okay
I have to try that again
that's perfect okay maybe you have to
get all the kills without using the
shifts oh my god you don't have any
kills yeah what do you want kills just
give me get a spirit the face let's be
their face okay okay okay okay you know
what okay you do it okay why don't you
do it why can't I pick that one other
you know why is it grayed out
I don't know I don't know why don't why
don't you have any kills unlocked for
you chase I got I got the ones that I
wanted and I didn't care about any other
ones
I spent my I spent my CP buying outfits
I wanted outfits for my campers so you
have the option between different Guri
kills and outfits and you without
outfits because I got the gory kills
that I wanted some
times I don't know who you are man I got
the kills that I wanted and I looked at
the other kids and I said dad I'm gonna
care about those I'm gonna buy shirts
I'm gonna buy me some shirts man see
Lucas says streamed I'm no audio game's
not downloaded it's almost my 48
motherfucking month anniversary and it's
good to see that after four years or
nothing has changed it's not our fault
that injustice two decided to abort my
computer that game had it out for us is
something we got wrong keep up the great
work for real though love you guys
Thanks thank you I'm stealing kiss
sometimes sometimes you might want to
update the name on the stream I thought
I did let me double-check that you might
want to refresh your page cuz I did
update the name of the game on the
stream so refresh your page you should
see it updated
cuz I did that it's because the negative
reviews of the movie oh you think you
think DC had it out for us because we
talked shit about those shitty movies
it's like put a bug put a bug in
injustice too
yeah BC elbows dropped frames - I'm on
it rich I'm on it I'm so on him get all
the things fixed I'm gonna get all the
things fixed again you guys you don't
even understand what's happened I'm
gonna get all the things fixed we're
gonna get this all straightened out it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great what
we'll do is we'll get the other computer
over here we got the chat running on
that guy oh yeah on that monitor yeah
I'm not my on that monitor so that this
one can only be there you know we'll
have to run some more cords basically
we're gonna add a few more cords in here
but it's gonna it's gonna be great it's
gonna be beautiful
oh you forgot about that one no she just
happened to be looking over here or
something at the time wow that's alright
flyover country if I didn't do it you
would have reminded me and that would
have been great
and then we'll get yes that's right
Kellogg's then we will get a third
computer for all the microphones hook
that up through it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great so many computers that a
fourth one just for the cameras see fuck
syncing all of them is gonna be the hard
luck
you can do it rich I believe in you
there's gonna let me peek through that
door if she could just happen to be
looking the other way yeah agreed agreed
you just got here I have not seen so low
and I've decided that I don't
necessarily care to see so low I might
see it Jack what's your favorite season
of TNG I know you shit on one a lot but
I mean I enjoy watching them all
chronologically favorite season that's
different than favorites it is it is but
I just wanted to say that I love the
binge binging of the whole thing I mean
but you also know me rich I don't
remember things like names of episodes
or when they were where
okay so it all is kind of a mush to me I
do just enjoy the binge of the entire
series is it still on Netflix is the
entire series still on Netflix right for
a while the entire series is on Netflix
that was a great binge that was a that
was a superb binge I think this week so
this week here's a here's my three I
have three plans rich yeah one finish
editing the episode but that's gonna be
tomorrow yeah easy to research computer
for streaming three see Deadpool two I'd
really like to see Deadpool two I'm
actually upset with myself that I
haven't seen just do it jack oh wait oh
and I know I can it's that simple
I got busy last week with editing with
editing the episode and at any time I
could have taken a break from editing
the episode to go see movies but I
decided to add it it's turned out to be
pretty good pretty good episode
pretty thorough pretty you know as
in-depth as we could be for you know I
do want to see upgrade I've heard great
things about upgrade have you heard it
then I know I've seen the trailer I
don't know what that's like that's the
the the schlock action movie where the
guy like gets upgrade to his body and
turns him into a badass action here and
he just murders a bone you know it's
supposed to be super great dumb fun I'm
really excited about upgrade actually
it's like a good best of the worst movie
can I learn her out to me
uh-huh kind of want to see I've heard
really great things about upgrade get
the boil kit Oh oh yeah no is what it is
yeah just throw her on the ground that's
my favorite just dumb
just throw or just pick her up throw her
on the ground you're dead game is way
too dark all right well let's see it
looks okay there to me we can we can go
and try to Jess it this looks like crap
to us it oh it really does anything in
here it looks like absolute garbage on
this TV it just looks like cloudy
I can't even how do you even know where
you are familiar already enough of this
map sure sure
you might need to use the Mayo see some
reason trying to use the controller it
like automatically goes that though yeah
see I was cuz the mouse is here and the
minute I stopped using controller
defaults most of what the mouse was
doing that's that's interesting
sometimes this games a little borked man
least i understand what's going on
that's true
is there a game on there apparently not
whoa yeah that's gonna look great oh my
god that's way too much you now you got
night vision man alright alright alright
look good go to like 2.4 yeah see what
that looks like
how's that let's see that looks terrible
here
what do you mean what's kind of terrible
and exploit ok well it looks like what
everybody else is saying looks horribly
milky oh yeah I wonder if it's an in TV
but are you saying that it should just
be our second monitor I suppose it could
rather than what they're saying yeah you
guys have to let us know what does this
look like cuz this to us looks pretty
decent on our screen but in our little
preview of the stream on the other
monitor it looks like crap yeah
oh you know what I can check on my phone
with that I'm gonna check out my phone
see this is me checking on my phone I
think it looks funny much I think it
looks fine I'm calling it it looks fine
let's see what we got here we got one
but Rex who says hey guys love the
stream and rlm what's your guy's is a
favorite roguelike game FTL binding of
issac easy I'm quite fine of Krim for
the neck word crypt crypt of the
necrodancer yeah that's a good one
that's good
and I also really enjoy FTL but it you
know favorites are favorites and that is
Clos
that is clearly binding of issac for me
it's doing nothing get your shit
together Friday the 13th
that game came out well before we were
doing free right and I like like your -
before we were doing prereq oh yeah and
didn't we include that in it you know
what we're playing right into what we're
playing right now episode we might have
done like a mini thing on it fucked up
the middle one but you know what I'm
gonna be fine with that
okay I actually don't remember all the
games we did for the what we're playing
right now at this very moment episode
which was a huge pain in the ass to make
by the way we thought we thought you
know what would be great we'll do like
four quick games you'd do - I'll do two
we'll just talk about him real quick and
it turned out to be really a pain in the
ass okay so to edit just cuz it was a
lot of editing but smash AJ and Kenny's
heads together before just before they
escaped Oh interesting
I won't be easy no stop any counselor in
their tracks with a stop sign woo smash
any counselors head with a door okay I
mean that's that'll be Z I'm pruning
use a tree to rip off any counselors
arms
alright demon killed both counselors
within two minutes of the mission start
nice pick a Jason while speedy Jason why
was there no pre-record on subnautica
because we didn't play it and I think
that would be really rude for us to do
in an episode on a game we didn't play
all right let's see here
valiant blood shot says hey guys what is
the absolute worst kids movie you have
had to endure I remember having to sit
through so many of the VeggieTales
movies with my nephews that I wanted to
jump off a bridge I was a kid I don't
think there was any I had to endure I
was there's no kid movie I was forced to
watch sure sure no you know what I was
forced to endure when I was a kid yeah
my mother so I was forced to endure
Friday the 13th folks and now you're
forced to endure them as an adult for
your job oh no right what a vicious
cycle you found yourself in well a
valley flush I was talking about his
nephews like and so and I suppose you
know like that that's a thing when you
have children or you know you're you're
you have nieces or nephews or something
like that sometimes like you just have
to sit and watch terrible things with
them what's on Netflix right now
nothing that I have to endure but uh
yeah
Netflix has a biast baby curtain that
that's terrible
I don't have to watch it I can let my
kids just want to buy themselves my kids
recently watched two Nine Lives the
Kevin Spacey is a talking cat movie and
they loved it
and so they keep getting trying to get
me and Lisa to watch that with them and
we keep saying no give me the door kill
give me the stupid game
Oh make them suffer
I'm trying to think of anything else a
you missed cotton and blind yep
no but there's nothing I really have to
endure not at this point which is really
what we did back in the day we watched
when they were when they were young
enough that I needed to sit and watch a
movie with him we watched this awful
movie called fly me to the moon about a
fly who wants to be an astronaut and
holy crap was that garbage and a half
sounds like it was terrible or they
really were into Penghu there was a
Penghu the claymation penguin what
Penghu the claymation penguin and man
that was that was destroying a little
bits of my brain you're saying words I
know these words some of them I don't
know what the fucking penguin is it's
it's a claymation penguin that that is
that will kill you slowly
you could have gone through all of the
counselors before I had any repeats and
that would have been a nice game yeah
and for a while
Sesame Street was really obnoxious where
they gave Elmo like 45 minutes of the
hour that was Sesame Street and that was
really obnoxious because I fucking hate
hell mall
play online this is lame we think Jack I
think I'm gonna feel about your plan
your plan you get to make that call man
make mommy proud Jason you're making
that call man
so I'll leave that up to you I will
absolutely leave that up to you unless
you had any engine you haven't seen the
virtual cabin have you know you know
anything about it no you want to show
Chad shit what do you want on my matches
or do you want to explore the virtual
cabin
I think life is going to win yam cina
and and of course hoe chunks really
wants that injustice to come back
injustice breaks things we can't
injustice break computer three times
injustice broke the computer three times
that's and that's an out a lot of online
play this I don't know I guess we'll
find out now let's see here gobbledy as
soon as gobbledygook says related to
solo when was the last time you watched
oh fuck is this I don't know
it's been it's been ages since I haven't
played this in a long time man
do they ever fix that what the grease
monkey oh I don't know I don't know okay
let's see here
when's the last time you watched woody
Boyd on Cheers you can binge the whole
series there are 11 series rich is older
and might remember how it was a big deal
on TV
did you watch Cheers did you watch woody
Boyd and Cheers
you're gonna man you don't even know
doesn't matter man talk back to people I
don't have a press to talk button I have
my finger on the tee in case we need it
all right I remember it's coming back to
me no I don't think either of us have
played blood-stained curse of the Moon
the Castlevania like any new NES looking
game blood-stained cursive moon it's a
new game out on Steam that looks like
Castlevania nes game oh I'm supposed to
be fun not curse of the wolf
two out of ten
oh you know what actually I think they
did do keyboard remapping that was a
recent addition oh yeah I'm just gonna
be fine like this oh right right I'm
just saying I think I remember seeing
that they they did indeed get keyboard
remapping in the game which is very
exciting you can get blood stained on
the Vita as well change the camera
positioning it looks different right
no battery she seems super right in my
face yeah I agree
you ran away from something wondering
what a car is just a small version of
the map if you guys were put into Friday
the 13th universe how long do you think
you would last as a counselor and how
would you die I'd like to think that I
would last very long because I would run
away and not stop running until I got to
a police station fork in the brain
fortune like but like immediately like
he would be the media I do it myself you
would be the one we found with a fork in
his brain just to kick off the the whole
shebang so much rust rust I have no idea
of what I'm doing anymore
you got the battery that's something
doing it you doing it I just dig a hole
right well that's the thing I'd like I
saw I'd like to think I would last a
decent amount of time just because I
would leave I would leave as soon as
possible just the second something was
weird
I'm gone I ain't signed up for this
I talk to him
say what we got that we got to your keys
they can figure out is it just a
two-seater oh hello gasps all right
let's do this
yep
get there oh nice rich yeah I thought
the fucking gas and the battery in there
you're gonna take my goddamn seat yeah
I'm so good diet oh yeah that's fine
wait oh no you got a savior I got a
savior oh there you go there you go so
you going
Oh God rich
get in get in where are they where are
they they hid them in the ground away
they didn't think you were going back to
the car all right no idea how to get out
on this map great oh that was a damn
good
that was a good teleport as a damn good
teleport all right hey that was all
right oh oh oh that's fun yeah it takes
off your arms and your head that's great
hey hunchback jack hunchback says I'm
liking this stream here's some money
thanks hunchback Jack no not six streams
behind we're two streams behind what we
say we're six streams behind on YouTube
well we're six well you don't want to
paste a watch on Twitch Jack haha you
could have watched all those on Twitch
all the past broadcasts on twitch I've
been busy and Oh Tommy you get to come
back
you get to be Tommy I think what they're
saying is like you were six like a past
you know the screen is still super
fucking dark
it's crazy dark right like I'm gonna I'm
gonna crank it up yeah do it video
settings yeah I'm gonna like yeah do it
yeah it's gonna be milky as hell but
you'll at least be able to see stuff and
that's okay rich yeah we gave up on
single-player got a little repetitive
that's alright
rich busy equals more rlm content
usually rich riches doing some good work
right now he's working on the betterment
of all our alum content right now yeah
he has a very important job
nice
ah what what ah eat you got away rich in
a matter of speaking yes you got away
yeah we're still there we're still
moving
I blame injustice too I still blame
injustice too for this right this no
this is just not our fucking night we're
not having we're not having the best
dream night here it is it frozen it
looks no this is just the worst
frames-per-second that any game has ever
gotten
we're like one frame a minute we're
going at point zero three frames a
second which is approximately one frame
every three minutes yep
so that's what we're dealing with you
know what yeah by the way we were
overdue from some technical difficulties
we we've been going pretty well
with a lack of technical difficulties
recently and and they're all coming how
old is the computer for years but
quality parts all quality parts was not
this was not a low-end computer when I
made it no and if we were not streaming
I bet all of these things would run
buttery smooth all the time yeah yeah
new computer damn basically I'm on it
I just need to edit the episode first
which I you know like I said I have 20
more minutes of editing yeah and so as
soon as that's done I'm computer
shopping and
and then we'll we'll build that and
stream from that and it'll be great so
so what's the plan what are we gonna do
right now what are we gonna do right now
jack
that's a great question wrench that's a
great great question with a couple I
mean we can play some sort of really low
end game bottom of the barrel and hope
that the computer doesn't freak the fuck
out or we can end it right and just say
we're having a shit computer luck
tonight we're having some shit luck I
know we are um I know we are you know I
can I can definitely try to get in a
morning makeup stream how do I tell me
how you guys would feel about this I
have a craft project that I need to do
yeah
how do you guys feel about streaming a
craft project nothing I can do tonight
unfortunately would you like to see Jack
do a craft project I need to make I need
to make a fan oh s--- glove for from a
kid okay and so I got a cheapo cheapo
thanos glove and I can rip all the gems
off of them and then I want to I want to
rip the gems off and then glue cut
magnets and glue magnets so he can he
wants the removable gem so would you
guys like a crafty stream that's
something he would like because it's
just out of macaroni make it a full
Infinity Gauntlet here's the important
question articulating oh yeah can I use
other forms of spaghetti as well you can
use macaroni like a dishrag
you can cut that up and use the fabric
where appropriate but just a dishrag but
could I use spaghetti yes you can't use
spaghetti see then I don't need the
dishrag I'll use the spaghetti as the
lower layer and then you know the next
I'm track that's not gonna be articulate
I don't know how to articulate I'll be
honest with you that'll be tough that'll
be a really tough you get it wet first
right and you get it wet first cook it
out then day yeah are you saying you did
are you so discouraged you want it and
maybe yeah thing computer breaks
breaking rich all right computers have
been breaking all right you tell me how
you feel I can go either way you can
convince me I'm feeling yeah I don't I
don't know what else I I'm in even in
the mood for really I think our computer
needs a rest and I think we can come
back stronger with a new computer I I
was tired when you got here because I
spent my afternoon building shit right
for the betterment of all but it's just
something practical that we do
well then let's uh let's exclamation
points that well first let's get rid of
this if we can if we can I hear you got
the mouse okay and if you can DND
adventure crafting scream did you guys
see the the the photo I shared of the
look good speaking of dandy we can talk
about D&D; for a little bit yeah he's
already into you for a little bit I
share I shared a photo of the adventure
you know because I we were having our
neighbors come over to play yeah and so
we built a final boss this is the
octopus that my ten-year-old built and
that great right like a whole a whole
set for D&D; building so we built that
that octopus has the final boss the the
blacksmith's daughter got kidnapped
yeah right and so they had to go on an
adventure and as it turns out they were
kidnapped by Kyle and Kyle was a surfer
and Kyle was sacrificing the
blacksmith's daughter - to the Lord of
the surf surfer well because you know
the kids and they wanted to put some in
and like you know and so and so you know
like we're we're making we're making the
D&D; game and then the the younger one
comes up with a guy with a surfboard he
says can he be in your game sure why not
of course you know why not for kids and
you want to make sure they're involved
and so Kyle the surfer dude kidnapped
the blacksmith's daughter to sacrifice
her to the Lord of the surf yeah a giant
octopus and they just got there - they
got to the cave where he was sacrificing
her and so now the the octopus has four
tentacles that are attacking and so and
then the head does it like an acid spit
attack uh-huh and so they'll have to
fight all the tentacles and the head and
defeat Kyle to feed the quadruplets well
he has I figured he has four other
tentacles that are just holding him up
okay so you can only attack this far
right and Kyle was gonna attack them
with his surfboard I was gonna just
treat it as a club yeah but actually
they sneakily got it away from him
already
he sneakily got the surfboard away from
him by doing something completely
unexpected there were orcs outside
garden they defeated the orcs and then
the the little neighbor girl said hey
can I take that orc armor cuz you know
they're like they're all Legos and sort
of like that Lego happened to have armor
on I was like good yeah yeah you can
take their armor and she puts it on her
character and she goes now I'm gonna
pretend to be an orc and go in there I
was like yeah and so I had her do a what
do you call it when you're trying to be
when you're trying to convince someone
there's a name for it in in D&D; and it
doesn't matter so I had to do a role
trying to accept her Incept inception
what she was just trying to trick them
it's you trying to guide her though
doing something no no okay no oh yeah a
persuasion role so she had to you know
she had she was pretending to be an orc
to
to meet up with Kyle the the surfer guy
and so I had to do a persuasion role to
see if Kyle would fall for it and she
rolled unnatural 20 I was like Oh Kyle
obviously believed that you were an org
and so then you know like all the rest
of the the group was outside of the cave
and in a sheet you know and this is her
first time playing D&D; and she gets in
there I was like whoa there's my work
friend hopefully you're guarding the
gate and she was like yes I am guarding
the gate and she started doing like an
orc
yes it was great it was it was a great
experience and so she convinced Kyle to
let her inspect the surfboard to make
sure that it was good enough yeah and so
she and then she threw it away and then
that's when the octopus comes out and
then fights out they had to go home so
way to end it there we had ended there
like right yeah well you know we wanted
to end it before the boss fight got
going in the knew exactly where to start
but like already like they were doing
all of this actual role-playing stuff
like they were having conversations with
people in character and and so far my my
new foray into D&D; has been quite a
pleasant experience I've been really
liking it and the kids really liked it
too they can't they can't the younger
ones can't play for too long before they
just need some sort of other
entertainment but we can get a good hour
to but you need to make a character then
for the youngest stuff like disappear
after an hour oh yeah yeah your
character can only play for one hour and
then if they vanish back to their only
be in the material world for so then
they have an excuse yeah but so yeah
we're having we're having a great D&D;
time right now I'm working on writing
the second half of of my campaign with
that I'm doing just with the family the
the when the skeletons pop up yeah and I
want to last time I built a dungeon and
it was pretty combat and puzzle focus
and this time I want to focus just on
kind of like exploring and role-playing
and like almost out of like maybe just
one or two combat things I don't know I
like I think the youngest one won't be
throwing some token easy ones oh of
course
well what I figure is every once in a
while like a skeleton will pop out of
the ground
okay you got to fight him but it'll be
an easy fight you know what if make it
up make it up make it a load chance
right but what if every was it like a
turn but they have turns yeah there's
such and such a chance that a skeleton
will come out of the ground sure rolls
like I'll roll a d20 and if I get a
three yeah
all right if I get like a like a even
number so much yeah yeah I'm with you
all right I like that I like that and
then they know that at any moment there
could be combat yeah yeah but it won't
have that's a really good idea actually
all right I can you know what I could
even have is just like a stopwatch yeah
and it's like every five minutes of real
time even if you're just talking to each
other every five minutes I'm gonna roll
this die and you we might get a skeleton
one before you roll bad then you roll
another dice to see how many skeletons
come out of the ground oh I like it yeah
yeah I like it that's a great idea
that's a great idea
but I want something a little more like
exploration focused like were they were
there not necessarily like jumping into
every battle you know like I talked to
the town's folk find a thing maybe you
know just like explore the world just to
teach them about that side of things cuz
I feel like they're getting a little too
combat focus just like a JRPG I know
that's a dig at me because I don't like
the JRPGs yeah but I'm suggesting this
to entertain his children who do like
the combat yeah fuck's sake for fuck's
sake I'm trying to be fucking nice and
it's and by the way it's a great idea
because like it will help like not only
will it help keep the younger ones like
engaged but it also kind of adds a sense
of urgency like oh we need to find this
in skeletons keep popping up like yeah
that adds to story and theme that's I
think it's a really good idea
so yeah it's like torchbearer every six
turns you roll a chance for an encounter
oh okay well then there you go
apparently this is a thing in dungeons
dragons already but yeah describe was a
common feature of a D&D; I'm not I'm not
sure that's great I don't know these
things
no that's it that's fine I think that's
great we're learning guys we're all
learning and that's the important part
alright can we it's like when I suggest
like a movie idea and I don't know it's
already been done yeah
and the reason for that is because it
was probably a good idea of course
somebody else probably would have
thought of it too because it's just it's
just a good idea did we crash did we
crash no we we are still streaming I
can't right now
injustice 2 has borked the computer so
hard that I cannot control alt delete
rich what ready to see what happens when
I control control oh well now of course
the first two times I control-alt-delete
it I got the other thing gosh dang it
you know what it's fine don't close any
fingers I kind of like that it's just
the background image that's close let's
close out with that in the background
okay okay as long as that's fine with
you oh yeah yeah alright well hold on we
need to because we crashed we have to
explanation point subs apparently I did
not do it hold on
can I not oh I was typing on the laptop
keyboard because I'm very very smart
exclamation point nope I think we have
to do it Jack typo'd cuz I couldn't see
what I was writing because I'm not a
touch typist which we've talked about
before neither of us are not much touch
type and going around on these parts
yeah
is this open URL there whoa whoa whoa so
we we can't even open Chrome so with
Rome is refusing to what's what's
happening I'm gonna you know we're gonna
go to the theaters of the mind here I'm
double-click clicking on the little
chrome icon do i just--that's present
once is that it there we go maybe I was
double clicking on it but you want to
restore so we can get out the fucking we
need to get okay I pasted that works too
I copied it thinking it nope yes this is
the PC that I built on stream yep that
is work pretty damn good for 4 years
until now which and we might have
crashed might have crashed
pasting a link to a website made the
computer crash maybe yeah hold on
I can check I can shake it for history
but we might have cracks
we're still streaming rich we are still
streaming I literally we have no monitor
of functionality both of our monitors
were monitors are dead our pitch-black
we only know we're streaming because
Jack is watching us on his cellular
phone oh this is such an injustice
this is did you get end we've got to hit
it end what's happening did you hit an
end oh god I don't even know the end of
the end I don't know no I don't think so
okay we're streaming we're still
straight none of my buttons work but
we're still streaming I don't know yes
we are still streaming there we are
still streaming is our image freezing
are we moving yes yeah we're moving I
hold on I'm gonna get the names on my
phone I guess we're just streaming
forever now unplug the computer okay so
now is the point of this ridiculous
stream in which we
