Apr 25, 2016
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254593182
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254595573
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/254597840
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fKPboJicSc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjB-usWZ2Js
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TBSUckpjVg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/989222237038407681

[Part I]
damn who said this this is what I'm
saying oh oh it's not I thought that was
like a tip we saw your phone right and I
got a message on your phone
threatening no swallow you're so nice
well what
hello everyone how's it going hey hi
everyone how's it boy knows Diaz so Jack
tweeted that would be playing one of two
Jack games and and for some reason rich
the chat did not seem to be down with
the games that I want to deploy where's
here's the thing i I just got the master
sword with sweet-looking sword and I can
now do the dlc the master sword trial
dlc and and we've we've had never really
gotten a good stream in we couldn't deal
c4 this isn't replaying the game a lot
of not doing any of the DLC right I
think it's a fine idea of Richie I mean
I had to be fair I didn't ask you what
game you were thinking about playing
when we chatted earlier I just I just
went off on my own so right and I feel
like the chat is used to that by now
where I'll say we're definitely playing
this and we end up completely not
playing that at all if we get bored of
this for whatever reason we can always
switch it up absolutely to them the
ditto sword DOS we got stuff I'm gonna
I'm gonna get a little bit of shield
parrying practicing before I start I
don't know how much shield bearings
gonna be involved in the master sword
trials but I assume I assume more than
none
I've only done the first couple of
levels of the trials of the Master Sword
so yeah so you to do you didn't start
the master sword trials I know you did
the other one The Ballad of my champion
champion ballad and I still have right
now I'm just cleaning up a couple side
quests in the main game before I go back
to that okay well and playing God of War
I'm trying not to bounce back and forth
between God of War and Zelda just
because you know it'll mess up my I'm a
flow in either of the game yep you're
about to get electrocuted fine you did
it
you've been fucking loving breath of the
wild lately yes it's it's a great game
it's a wonderful game terrible and we're
just totally fucked up it's like wait
wait till the the the that blue eye is
the loop
hit it I've had more luck with the noise
oh you go by noise the master wants to
know how bad is god of war it's
complicated rich and I are gonna film
our God of War up so this weekend I feel
like there's a lot to talk about there
might be I'm gonna wait so rich gets a
little farther before I do go anything
in depth something that you that a joke
I made on Twitter something that you
learned very early on in the game so
this isn't a spoiler for anyone is
there's a little bit of wait no it's
okay I had this down the other day you
can find it get get your rhythm back
my two Earl I think I'm too about too
late I think you're too late absolutely
you're you're you're not swinging fast
enough there's a little bit of a
contradiction in Kratos where he says I
don't want the boy to know about my
violent past there right that's they're
doing it wrong and and then also create
ojala there you go
and then in the same breath Kratos is
like boy
let us murder all these monsters I will
teach you how to murder them better but
don't learn about my violent past I
don't know why anyone who is a God of
War fan wouldn't want Kratos to be the
badass through and through the the
murder machine the murder where she is
teaching the son not to be a bottle
machine I would think that would be the
whole draw in giving play oh I felt like
you were really close with that one
that she's not true and I not hit what
are we doing wrong there think you're a
little too late I think you're a little
too late oh this isn't good
maybe too early I don't know I don't
know ma'am yeah boom
maybe you've been hitting it too early
maybe that's been your problem but
anyway like I said it's it's complicated
the whole God of War thing the game is
uh it's not it's not a straightforward
thing but that's okay we're gonna talk
about it talk about it have a nice big
long episode about it when I'm gonna
wear white paint I'm probably not gonna
wear white beans
odd
that's it not that's how you do it right
there rich that's it that's how you do
it
what what what now it's great no I just
think it's great you did great or dumb
Mini's says I'm stuck on the last
section of the trial of sword right now
good luck rich thank you I hear it's
balls hard oh I'm sure I find one more
to practice again or dad probably afraid
just something to get you you knows if
that gets you back in the flow when did
they put health on the top of the
monsters rich is currently wearing the
the heroes tunic that blue outfit shows
you the the health of the monsters just
a shirt yeah
and you get that out after you find one
memory you go back to Impa EMPA EMPA not
OPA she is not a Loompa even though she
is rather she doesn't she doesn't turn
into a giant blueberry and get rolled
away
well after you find your first memory if
you go back to Impa she will give you
that tunic but this area was swarming
with guardians for crying out loud
by the way it usually is where are they
where the hell are all the fucking
Guardians oh sure now you're looking for
one but if you were just there picking
radishes they'd be all over your ass
yeah you got the horse teleporter is
that the greatest it's cool
oh is that what the the future bridle
does it gives you two extra oh there's
one oh he's walking away bye
those two
there we go boom there we go
you did it you did it a kaleidoscopic
wants to know any thoughts on Westworld
season two I really liked the opening of
season two I thought it's set III I saw
some complaints about the the season
premiere of season two but I thought it
did a really good job you know I guess
what people might forget in this world
in this in in our modern-day world of
streaming and binge watching is it's
been a long time since season one and so
season two comes around and it was
basically just everybody get your shit
together episode reminder episode well
you know they they moved some things
forward but yeah it was more just like
let's all gather round and figure out
where everyone is now and we're gonna
set up a whole bunch of things for
season smart it was nice is what it was
oh yeah I remember that character was
doing something
hey that characters too great I'm very
excited for the new season
klaren how do you get the horse armor
its new what the deal see it's in two
different spots one is kind of
underwater in the area by the horse
fairy fountain yes yeah
and then the other one is on the big
mountain that glows where you meet the
Lord of the mountain yeah glow horse
Mountain yeah and it's in in all these
stables once you get the DLC there's
like there's gossip of books and all of
those gossip books give you clues on
where all the DLC treasures are so
the horse fairy fountain what would you
call it the horn I think they call the
horse God technically I don't know well
it's right by the river of the horse God
but no the horse fairy found it's the
furry film that brings dead horses back
to life yeah it's in though it's in the
little pond behind that yeah yes granted
yeah that the I'm not a big fan of the
the the headpiece for the horse I just
think it looks ugly so I don't wear that
but man that's saddle where the horse
can teleport to you anywhere is the
greatest yeah just the best if I would
have had that on cobalt I could have
teleported Cobalt before he fell down
the mountain yes and I could have saved
his life but I didn't have it did that I
did I killed two guardians and two two
little turd Guardians yeah Michelle was
going the whole time that's when you
were when you reflect it doesn't hurt
your shield it's kind of curious if it
cost anything even the reflect cost
something that I said doesn't I bet you
you could have done you should have
reflected them with your pot lid that
would have been fun here then the broken
there's not much difference this is what
I do this is what you do here it is rich
the trial of the sword
prepare thyself rich oh dear
Perry's never damage the shield yeah but
I've I think I think I've broken swords
cutting grass so I just kind of assumed
there would be some kind of closet to
the parry it only costs you if you if
you miss cuz then it just hits the
shield oh come on I knew I knew I know
that's great you just start off naked we
do have all the the rooms right so what
the little the bombs the magnets
yep you still get all those the what yes
I've said I have seen the Andre the
Giant documentary illegally was on
YouTube fucking them it's available I'm
gonna watch it fucking see HBO needs to
take that shit down but I saw it was
good I mean it was mostly shit I'd
already heard yes so it wasn't it wasn't
i opening but it's it's quality I'm very
excited so having gotten to see again so
I'm still very excited for it and not
being not being huge into classic
wrestling I think it's gonna have a lot
of information that probably that I
don't know
there's no reason to rush right no no
there's not a timed event all right and
you know the the name of the game is
just protect your hearts because you
don't have any of your food or any of
your items and so basically this is uh
this is roguelike breath of the wild so
be careful you didn't know the other
wrestlers were scared of Andre why
wouldn't they be why wouldn't they be
Andre was so big he could accidentally
hurt you very very easily Andre could
treat a fucking six foot five tall man
like a rag doll that's one of my
favorite pictures is uh who is is Andre
the Giant and Wilt Chamberlain holding
up Arnold Schwarzenegger here's here's a
funny thing is I that picture is kind of
surprising because I heard something
about Andre he wouldn't he went out of
his way to avoid having his picture
taken with somebody tall really because
that was all gimmick being bigger than
everything else
so their weapons are probably sitting on
that log my plan why I'm taking this so
slow because I've got I got nothing but
a stupid tree branch right now so my
plan is to sneak over there quietly and
pick up their weapons before they have a
chance to get at them
how well this gonna work
haha hi fuckers slow and steady wins the
race
all right all right there's some eggs up
here right whoo shield nice treasures
then ah nothing behind their new I don't
thinks I can get that back there
look I'm in no rush
I'm in no rush did you get anything in
our barrels apples
hey apples men I'll take them apples
meat oh thank you chat got to grab this
meat shit
all right I think I'm moving on I think
I'm moving on all right I have no bow
and arrow which sucks
no bow and arrow got something on the
ground or there was a rock rock rock me
on the dais
fuck that up
for fuck's sake slow and steady wins the
race
slow and steady wins the race it's gonna
be a long trail of the sword
BAM perfect stealth Jack you're missing
my sweet my sweet stealth action here
alright I left you alone rich I'm so
sorry not a single one of these fuckers
saw me coming
are you still in the first one a second
room okay second room sorry everyone
that was my mother and you know I
understand that's pre already called
that's that's a priority call I was
about nothing particularly important but
but it's your mother but it's your
mother and that's the thing and you know
what's the last movie that actually
surprised me Jack trigger Joyce uh
probably okay I don't want to get too
into it I don't want to get crazy here
but I was genuinely surprised by all the
things or by some of the things that
happened in the last Jedi and I know
that's a controversial statement because
some people think that that's all they
did was surprise you but I was genuinely
surprised by stuff that happened in the
last Jedi so
now I'm getting fucking message oh my
god now Ritchie's gonna leave me and I
can't play Rich's games so it's good
about to get very boring in here tit
puddle surprises everyone oh I thought
we were talking about real movies so if
I was do you write Faust was the last
movie that genuinely surprised me oh
wait there might be something more
recent anything important possibly what
anything important for what you're good
the call oh no no no all right there was
probably something more recently that
surprised me that I I won't tell you
about just yet but tip puddle was fairly
surprising I was not expecting that
nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition
nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition
so set a reference lost on today's yoots
maybe maybe I don't know if Monty Python
is still like a I mean when I was in
high school there there was a Monty
Python resurgence and everyone was into
it it wasn't a resurgence it just never
go away amongst the nerdy groups that's
the important question yeah
yeah I as a young nerd I didn't know I
just knew I loved it I think it was I
want to call it a resurgence because I
know kids in the hall were popular
around them and kids in the hall always
cited Monty Python is one of their
biggest influences and and so I'd like
to say that it was it was something like
that
absurd comedy group saying giving up
giving a reference point but
what was that what was that what was
that shit Monty Python is coming to
Netflix I would love that I'm sure it's
on YouTube says Monty Python have a
YouTube channel I don't know I think
I've got just the still got the DVD
collections there shit but that would be
great just to watch Monty Python
high-quality Monty Python whatever cuz
I'm you know last time I looked for a
Monty Python skit on YouTube which was
years ago it was you know well I mean it
was a VHS real fucking TV show what are
all right somebody high-quality rips
you're gonna find well you know
something better than a you know a VHS
dub where's it at where's it at hey
written Jack or should I plant my
greenhouse and stardew valley coffee
whatever you want is the proper answer
where is it
remember it's a game about you know you
making your own farm oh you're right am
i right yeah they're backwards left it's
like that way yep now you're heading
towards it now it's weaker well you were
heading towards it wait
there we go ah how am I supposed to get
it is it magnetic I may have needed to
use the fire and the updraft sure sure
sure
fire arrow I don't believe I have a fire
arrow nope and you don't want to waste
that it doesn't I don't think it's a
magnetic one if you're you might be able
to like use your stasis and whack a rock
up there but that could possibly break a
weapon that you know that you'll need
later
is there any dry grass around okay not
god damn you Lincoln
I just need a little bit more range I
think Jack what is your opinion on the
movie hook starring Robin Williams and
Dustin Hoffman
that's a weird movie hey you did it
focus a weird movie that weird I think
so I think it's way weirder than you're
giving it credit for it's the first time
Spielberg flirted with bombs no no no I
take that back I take that back is
heated in 1942 which bombed horribly Oh
but Dan Aykroyd Jim Belushi
his World War two zany comedy I don't
remember this gigantic bomb yeah I don't
remember that one go yeah hook is an
interesting one that that was a 1941 all
right I got the year wrong but
Rufio was an odd choice remember yeah
remember do you remember the review I
remember Julia Roberts being Tinkerbell
I remember Dustin Hoffman as Captain
Hook Dustin Hoffman and uh Robin
Williams was Peter Pan know who wish me
Bob Hoskins is Bob Hoskins Esch me was
great they're my worst movies than hook
yeah that's true I'm hook is a weird
movie is all I'm saying I think that's a
hook is a very strange interpretation of
the Peter Pan Methos you know also just
like a delve into the you know what the
the what if let's let's have a weirdo
what if episode of Peter Pan Wow they
saw you really fast
yep classic bombs come Wow that's gonna
suck Oh that'd cost you yeah I know it
did would you say the acronym Bo TW hurt
helped her had no effect on our LM
viewership Theory could've helped
someone someone searching for Bo TW came
with accidentally came across best of
the worst why not it might have happened
sure stranger things have happened I'm
not happy with us losing those hearts
I'm not happy with that yeah yeah that
was rough that was a rough one well it's
not over yeah that's to look guy up
there actually she probably came out
yeah before you go farting around
absolutely absolutely
doot-doot-doot to do analysis hey guys
have you heard of the new free-to-play
collectible card game Star Trek
adversaries it's freaking amazing
since you guys love slay the spire and
our diehard Trek fans this game is right
up your alley
is it a deck building game or is it a
collectible card game two very different
things
collectible card games being stuff like
Magic the Gathering and pokemons deck
building games stuff like the legendary
series others two guys of thing
Oh back the fuck off and so if it's a
collectible card game I not sure that
would be up richer eyes alley
what game the Star Trek adversaries it's
a card buildi what is that what does
that mean a collectible card game you
buy your cards separately and then you
know build your deck from there a deck
building game everyone starts with this
same opportunity to get each card a
collectible card game or collectible
card games or trading card games are
like the pokemon game or Magic the
Gathering where you can pay to win is
there another guy first things first
Star Trek adversaries online collectible
card game oh so it's gonna be like
hearthstone but with Star Trek I don't
know if Richard would like that
resting twitch face yes rich and I are
both playing God of War
right now resting twitch face no rich
did not bitch about God war the whole
time what when I was playing God of War
oh no no we talked about other stuff it
was a lovely stream oh oh wait is that
did you is that is that a trick dad no
pausing and unpausing to wake your
cellphone if it was I just discovered it
and had no idea that was that was an
intense man I'm being really dumb or not
are you yeah okay I suppose you could
just leave him up there he's not gonna
hurt you well I need to kill everyone to
move on oh but this isn't far I didn't
know there were explosive barrels up
there there's a far better way of
getting rid of that jerk okay
fortunately don't think a cost more like
a quarter hurt so what that that when he
hit me up there okay rich did you get
Majora's Mask yet okay I wouldn't be
able to bring it here anyway that's true
fuck did you miss I got my drawers mask
it's cute I never wear it is to say no
armor no sword run or something no this
is the trial of the sword once you get
the Master Sword did you put the master
sword back in the pedestal and then it
sends you to this area and you have to
beat all these enemies and you lose all
of your equipment yes you start with
nothing not you don't even you don't
even start with a stick you start with
nothing no food no uh no weapons no
shields and you have to slowly build up
your arsenal it's it's the the breath of
the wild of roguelike people always say
the first part it's actually the hardest
okay you're doing pretty good so far
doing pretty good
nice excellent excellent
except it's not randomly generated I
know why no more just the start with
nothing and you'd have to end if you die
you have to start over from the
beginning like I'd drop anything or just
weapons blow opposite anonymous says hey
guys just finished Celeste and had to
recommend the challenging platform
mechanics the music level design and art
are all inspired as deeply themed a game
as I've ever played Jack would love it
alright I hear ya I'm not quite there
let me III think I need to get Bret
breath of the wild out of my system I've
had to take a little break from breath
of the wild for God of War and then I'm
going right back to breath of the wild
but then of course other stuff coming
out that will have to do for work so I
know that Detroit becomes human is
coming out soon do you really want to
yeah could be funny to talk about could
be funny I don't know
the the speedermen comes out soon we'll
have to do that one Oh big whiff big
whiff rich you really want to give David
cage money if it makes for a fun episode
that's all I really care about isn't
speedermen in the fall I I don't know
something comes out in May
I don't know nothing let's see here
Shawn Simona's says most people would
use this as an opportunity to ask you
about the venom trailer but I am more
curious your thoughts on the arrest of
the Golden State killer over in
California that's true I haven't heard
of this you know the thanks to the work
of Michelle McNamara the the recently
deceased wife of Patton Oswalt who was a
true crime novelist she Patton took it
upon himself to get her last book
finished what was her book called
in the in the heart of darkness chat
please what is the name of the the book
by Michelle McNamara oh by the way not
terribly impressed with the venom
trailer Oh we'll get there we'll get
there let's talk about the Golden State
killer which actually is interesting
yeah I'll be gone in the dark Thank You
ho Koopa I'll be gone in the dark which
supposedly is a fantastic true crime
novel because not only is it about the
Golden State killer yeah it's about how
obsessed
Michelle McNamara became about the
Golden State killer and like the two
obsessions melting into one it's
supposed to be a fantastic book I'm
actually really looking forward to
reading it it's on it's on my list of
books to read but because the the book
was such a success they think there was
a renewed interest in the case by local
authorities and by what do you call it
hobbyists hobby amateur detectives that
amateur detectives thank you that's
exactly the word I was looking for and
they think they found him they think
they acted on them and that's very very
exciting
all right yeah so the venom trailer
looks pathetic remember when venom was
just like a like a buff spider-man yeah
now he's a slime monster why is he a
spice event of a slime monster now bit
big because that's how art works he was
a buff spider-man but then someone drew
like one little goopy arm once right
someone said oh that goopy arm looks
really cool so then the next issue
someone drew like three little goopy
arms and then the next issue they gave
it to Todd McFarlane and he was nothing
but goop that was first Todd was first
there were no goop arms
Todd was first with venom I'm Todd was
first I mean I mean he didn't design the
symbiote suit that Spiderman was wearing
regionally I was Rick Lee and Artie no
wait Mike Zack I think designed it okay
then Rick Lee I already drew the first
episode our first issue wasn't sure but
by the time you got to venom being a
character on Eddie Brock first one who
ever drew it was Todd McFarlane he did
the mouth oh okay well he didn't even
draw he didn't even draw crooked teeth
really fucked up teeth came with Erik
Larson Erik Larson thought venom was a
boring character and in hindsight
looking at it as an adult he was
absolutely fuckin right and so in order
in order to entertain himself he did
those issues Erik Larson just
deliberately drew venom as fucked up as
he could just for fun so there's that's
where you get the crooked teeth and the
messed up looking eyes all right so we
have Erik Larson to blame you have all I
mean he didn't well Erik Larson even
that he was just drawing venom with like
the fucked-up eyes too fucked up teeth
he still wasn't a goop monster but he's
okay later
it sounds like Erik Larson started the
snowball into goop monster you know who
who is the first and this is a this will
have to be a question for our amateur
detectives here in the chat who was the
first person to draw a venom as a goop
monster well there's there's levels I
mean extensively like every fucking
panel there's tendrils flying around is
what I'm talking about
yeah venom
throwing punches so much as tendrils are
flying out and grabbing this one yes
he's a tentacle monster and I want to
say that started not with venom but with
carnage they did that with carnage in
order to differentiate carnage from
venom sure and then at some point venom
started taking on the goop monster where
things would fly out to grab people
interesting yeah interesting there's
some cross-pollination mm-hmm I like it
rich goop goop goopy yep so much goop
the costume was always goop but it was
never really used as a weapon right
right right
that started with with carnage and
eventually venom started doing that shit
the trailer looks like it looks cheap
and not fun and it looks like something
out of a CW show and you know I love
them CW shows but they don't got a
budget man you gotta fight a fucking
rock monster
whole man I think and you know obviously
trailers can be deceiving it could it
could be a fine movie to me it looks it
looks rather cheap oh you don't have a
lot of it maybe the axe is your best bed
your axe might not break two hits in but
you know it could be fine could be a
fine movie I'm I'm not very impressed by
the trailer and I think it looks like
Tom Hardy is sleepwalking through the
whole thing I'm Hardy who's a fine actor
why wouldn't he
why wouldn't he sleepwalk the fucking
venom roll because this could you know
this could be his his own little comic
book franchise this could be good money
for him
ah like something out losing much fine
you're doing fine rich no I got I got a
lot of labyrinths to get through
I'd sleepwalk for money yeah
oh also I agree they can't even
pronounce symbiote right because they
always call it a symbiote yeah and that
was weird
that was very weird whatever I
I care so little about this film yeah
I'm with you I'm with you I care very
little for this film OOP Clank you can
crack these things open oh I know I was
just Clank okay empty Oh empty
we're gonna run around the outskirts and
see if we can get up judging treasure
there could be oh they're bombed
let me open these barrels maybe they're
bombed I'm not familiar with spider-man
but shouldn't been MV venom be a nice
contrast to spider-man instead of we
only have venom with no color in the
movie III that's supposed to be the
purpose of venom right is like the the
anti spider-man he's he's a hero isn't
it early Venom's whole shtick like he
would be a hero if only he could get rid
of spider-man because he blames
spider-man it's not like he would be if
he can get rid of spider-man he he sees
spider-man as a villain he venom in
those old issues people always say venom
was better as a villain even when venom
was flat-out spider-man's villain before
venom had his own comic book I believe
there was a couple of times like venom
would stop mid fight to save someone
right that's what I'm saying he was
always an antihero yeah he just in his
twisted view spider-man it was
villainous exactly rejecting him and
ruined ruining Eddie Brock's newspaper
career by finding the real killer Eddie
Brock has always had a weak-ass origin
fuckin weak-ass origin yeah yeah I mean
you know yeah I'm with ya
still venom always yeah even when he was
he was just spider-man's villain yeah
always cared about protecting the
innocent yes the only problem is he saw
spider-man as the enemy yeah absolutely
absolutely
Tom Hardy versus Tom Holland it might be
pretty good you know very fucking yeah
get him yeah it's just one game we'll
only grace me with one look this looks
to be mine this looks to be your first
like clear clear and oh yeah yeah
be happy you get anything just one look
I got a little cooking pot over there
it's fine Oh some meats look at jewel
this is like Christmas
well that just means this about to start
getting harder than my guess shit's
about to start getting real Jack mm-hmm
what the fuck Tom Holland isn't it no
mr. fling I think that was a that was
someone just saying that would be that
would be fun by the way Tom Holland and
Tom Hardy in a movie together like those
two would contrast very nicely Tom
Holland as his G with Peter Parker's Oh
meeting up with this Eddie Brock as you
know Tom Hardy yes I think they would
play very nice together if you're gonna
use venomous villain down the line down
the line
Venom's a weird one to start with oh
yeah yeah well second what I'm saying is
the I would like to see these two actors
play those two characters okay not
necessarily right now this is dream
casting that way that would be very fun
because they are very opposite people or
they can play very opposite people like
oh I don't know mr. Branca maybe we can
go down here and do something fuck off
kid fuck right off the sunken treasure
they'd do something like that they'd
have sunken treasure oh yeah I don't
cook you can cook oh they're fish he
tried to kill opaque you dumbass fish
I thought Tom Hardy was good as bane man
no I don't that's so tough for me
because it's his voice was so
distracting I can't even think about his
acting ability how can you even know
what he was acting like yet a giant
thing on his face don't know you don't
want to cook the fairy that that fairy
is no get out of jail free card that
fairies not being cooked no you need you
need at least a couple fairies at all
times just in case you get bamboozled
what I'm debating is these fish here
okay I'm a fish I cook them individually
just to drag out the you know as much
healing as I'd get for him or should I
cook them all together to try and get
like a triple defense boost oh I can't
make that decision for you I don't
expect you to cook the fairies alright
here's what if you try to cook a fairy
the fairy just flies over the other food
you're cooking and drops sprinkle fairy
dust on it so you don't actually cook
the fairy you get fairy juice yeah is
what you get but a fairy flies away safe
yeah but the fairy the fairy juice that
you get is not as good as the fairy you
want the fairy no no yeah that's that's
a you fucked up and here's your free
chance exactly
which is bolstered by the way I want to
cook fairies well listen now you just
got put on a list now you got put on a
government one goat sausage Jeffrey
Dahmer it is when you say something
horrible but it's because it's true it's
cuz it's true that's why what are we
gonna get right now but uh let's see
here riot Cruces Jack I was going to
recommend the long dark winters of
survivalist game then I remember or do
you survive a frozen nightmare in real
life it's just starting to thaw now and
it's glorious it's so glorious still you
might like it it discourages
base-building I do like that I don't I'm
not a big fan of Base building in
survival games I want to keep moving
chop down the trees and cook them cook
the trees you can't cook wood man I've
never done this I've heard you can make
some kind of hardened food that will
give you like a quarter part if you cook
you can get a ton of wood though if you
bomb all the trees oh it's not a bad
strip but too tedious for me to want to
bother sure well and you won't you have
decent food and items so yeah no need to
worry for now for now when a kids cold
it'd be cool if you could cut open your
horse and live inside it man you guys
are weird
a couple sleepers exact KZ says 20
minutes later why didn't I eat the trees
it's very possible possible possible I'm
sorry I'm trying to make this exciting
yeah you're doing it you're doing great
sonic the hedge II says two questions do
you think it's possible to make a good
venom movie without having spider-man
involved at all no question number two
oh he wasn't having any of them do you
think it's possible for Sony Studios to
make a good venom movie without
spider-man it's it's one of those
situations where you would like to think
like sure given given these right
miracle scenarios there someone could
make a good venom movie without a
spider-man I don't know if I'd want to
see it oh right in the nuts
Oh big with shooting back at you then
the point is venom is spider-man but
evil if you don't have spider-man you
have no comparison
max mats Z volts that's kind of true I
think what Sony is banking on is just
people in general knowing that Spiderman
exists right it's it's it'll be done
poorly because there's not that direct
contrast in the movie but they're hoping
like a people knows what spider-man is
he's a big deal this guy's gonna be like
spider-man but not gangbusters but he's
a tentacle monster he doesn't seem
anything like spider-man
because that's what the fans like
they're like the tentacle monsters
that's what we're gonna get all of our
toys all of our toys or tentacles I know
they said he wasn't in it but are we
sure Spidey doesn't appear yes I'm sure
well because of the Marvel deal I don't
I don't know how this works
I don't know if they can put him in
there if here here's how spider-man is
gonna be in the venom movie he'll be
reading a newspaper and it will have a
picture of spider-man in it yeah that's
it there will be nothing more than than
a passing reference to a spider-man or a
masked hero that swings on buildings
yeah and in the newspaper the photo will
be by Peter Parker and that's it maybe
he'll make some reference to how he used
to have a job at the paper who knows who
cares
nice dodge nice dog courage how would we
feel about a spider-man movie with
Mysterio that would be awesome yeah
that'd be a good fit for for Todd
Holland spider-man yeah
Tom Tom that would be you know you could
do it a lot like like how they're doing
the Legion TV show where it's a lot of
camera tricks and you know like what's
real and what's not and make it a make
it a little like a fun little Wes
Anderson movie yeah yeah that a Mysterio
movie would be awesome big the big bad
super villain who it turns out has
absolutely no superpowers it's great
it's great that's the kind of spider-man
movie you want it's just like he has to
do and and instead of instead of you
know punching his way out of it he has
to do something clever I'll figure this
out because I'm a smart that's where you
start establishing him as like the smart
ya know I'm a smart kid and I
investigate great I love it I love it
and Mysterio is just some schmuck he's
just some schmuck it's gonna be great
didn't you say you didn't like Wes
Anderson no candy for girls I said I do
like Wes Anderson but I haven't seen any
of his recent movies
get it either I don't get it rich I'll
be honest I don't think I get it I don't
think I get it but no I enjoy what
Sanderson I just don't feel the need to
watch any of his movies does this work
yes it works nice nicely done
all that all that uh repost practice is
paying off
yes Evil Dead was canceled which I'm
just gonna be okay with choice how we
could we could protest in the streets
and riot and maybe get some more
episodes and maybe Netflix will pick it
up for a Netflix original they'll pick
up anything let's be honest anything
else in here other than that dude yes
you nice
all right what's the plan bad fall off
that rock okay perfect
well I don't understand how that will
help you but I like it so you can throw
at him that's a good idea
dad you move you've got this rich nice
I think you can get electrocuted if you
win the water he's electric nicely done
nicely done the tick yeah the ticks all
right on Amazon Wow smoke ring oh it's
probably in the water somewhere there
just it's in the water somewhere then
the new tick on Amazon is pretty all
right I I still like cartoon tick best
but it's it's pretty good good good
that Peter Serafinowicz doesn't mighty
fine tick
no patrick warburton version of the tick
is not the best know what never was
never was patrick warburton is a fine
actor and obviously has a wonderful
voice he's amazing and pretty much
everything he does but oh can I remember
his name
something Townsend wasn't Coleman
Townsend maybe Cole Coleman Townsend is
the best tick the voice of the tick in
the cartoon series that is the best tick
hands down no doubt he is great in a
series of unfortunate events yes he's
great most things he's in but yes he's
just not the best tick that's true he's
not even a bad tick just not not the
best tick in fact I wouldn't even call
him the second-best tick because now
that's Peter Serafinowicz I I've seen I
keep forgetting about it I've only seen
the pilot but yeah really good in the
pilot yeah no he's good in the whole
series where is this other treasure
chest treasure chest where where I don't
know
quit teasing me in the corner
it's in the corner rich I said up there
oh it can't be up there how would you
get up there is it in the corner down
there look at your yeah look at your
Stacey's know what how would you get up
logic dictates right it's up there all
right I'll look for a way up I guess
look wait look all around those that
upper edge all the entire way around the
the room maybe there's one that's short
enough that you could hop on what's that
name some good TV shows I need something
to watch currently I'm watching the
expanse Legion killing Eve is a is a
really fun one on BBC America I've been
enjoying that one it's it's not on the
circle of rocks it was another one in L
wait that's different sterling rocks
that's very different circle of products
but the sensors telling me it's in the
corner because you have your sensor
telling you whenever there's a treasure
yes yeah see the just recipe beeping
when I go away from the circle yeah West
world yes I'm also watching West world
that's a good one
yeah I got nothing I might just have to
let it go uh yeah yeah dark if you
haven't seen that on Netflix very good
show I hate you know what and I haven't
been watching Atlanta but I keep
thinking to myself that I need to start
watching it lanta because I do like
Donald Glover and I just haven't gotten
around to it
Oh Westworld season for me I liked it
everything's set up things are happening
it was a nice little reminder cuz when
did the when didn't season 1 wrap-up
felt like two years ago
Oh what this who'd had what this oh he
sees yeah we're fuckin
Oh God Oh God it was to you it was two
years ago well then there you go
yeah Westworld season ended two years
ago and so this the the season premiere
was was was a really nice
hey here's where everyone is now here's
what everyone's up to here are the new
problems but also some gentle reminders
of what happened last season
there's got to be a better way to do
this uh yeah I mean there just has to be
this can't really yeah they just forgot
about you oh you are a dumbass fucking
Thomas that's okay rich lost so much
healthcare you did you absolutely did
these these are the water guys who are
weak to electricity is why rich is a
dumbass for for those watching at home
oh I thought you missed that nice
Child's of furniture says if you guys
are trapped on a desert island and only
had one game to play what would it be
also this would be the first of my
hopefully many bribes to get you to play
Fire Emblem path of Radiance
there are now they're largely disarmed
that's good
then I just poked them with my pokey
stick I think you that's a fine plan as
they come up poking with your pokey
stick
whoa
I might you might have one killed so
that's good I definitely have one killed
nice God rich watch out fine
yeah I think any sort of desert Iowa
games you kind of have to think to
yourself what am I gonna get the most
hours out of right so you know this this
would be up there something like The
Binding of Isaac would be up there for
me I'll hit a pole maybe The Binding of
Isaac that's something that that you
could get so many hours into I have
gotten so many hours into if we're
talking about non internet games that's
probably to go with because you know
riches riches cynical answer would be
yeah you pick a game with some sort of
online chat component and then just tell
people to come and pick you up right the
internet weren't an option no you want
you want longevity yeah yeah I assume
that's the spirit of the question
hmm that shit that was rich I'm not
gonna sugarcoat that that was a really
poor performance thanks jack
Thanks I only say that cuz I want you to
do better my desert island game would be
dwarf fortress different every time well
you know Binding of Isaac is on the same
on that same you know tier of weld or
fortress is more some would say it's
more of a roguelike but it's XCOM for me
XCOM oh yeah you you have so many hours
into the xkxk would it be XCOM one or
xm2 are they hiding these fuckers where
the fuck are they hiding these chests I
thought of cuz yes this is the Master
Sword trials what's with all the D&D;
questions lately fill it fill PhD rich
has never played D&D;
I tried to play D&D; once with a friend
who was really into it he invited me to
hang out with his group and try to learn
it because I I do think it is a game I
would really enjoy
unfortunately the group was very
unwelcoming to me and so that kind of
soured me on the whole experience yes it
is something I want to learn but time
but time and my friend it's take it's
out its out of the building rich it's
glitching it doesn't like it doesn't
like that you're using the sensor but
we've been getting a lot of D&D;
questions lately is it becoming popular
again maybe we got a new fan it goes
over there
is there wait there that's of fury a
ting can you bomb the wall but yeah you
know one of these days maybe I'll have
some extra time and I will I will learn
how to play D&D; there's a I think
there's a few people I know who play who
maybe can teach me maybe like hey why
don't we get a simple game together can
we do that can we get a simple game
together I just want to know the mystery
of that chest
I don't know rich I'm sorry I'm
infuriated blink-blink-blink
blink-blink-blink stranger things and
people are playing D&D; on Twitch oh
that's a really good idea to play D&D; on
Twitch oh stop lying to me chica sensor
it's lying to you rich you can hear it
Jack it's lying to you Baba Yaga Lalo
says Saul vengers yesterday when are you
guys planning on watching him you guys
Rock I think we can't watch it right now
it comes out on Friday or Thursday yeah
one of those like most major
blockbusters I plan on seeing it Monday
morning because that's when I can get
tickets as it sold out everywhere so my
plan is drop the kids off at school
Monday morning grab a big old coffee and
head to the theater that's my official
plan and more importantly my official
plan is to stay the fuck off the
internet all weekend because hole
boy I'm sure it's gonna be spoiler rific
all weekend oh boy you're only at floral
heaven how many floors are there in
segments so you're on floor 11 of 112
there's easy trails okay
middle trials and then the difficult
trials oh so you're on the middle trials
I'm near the end of the middle trial the
easy trails okay cool cool cool - Iron
Man and Captain America kiss there's
enough drawings of that already you
don't need you don't need to see that in
the movie so you're near the end of the
easy trials and then you can leave and
come back or if you die you can start at
the medium trial yes okay cool
a fan house kills dumbledore I know
that's a really dumb joke I am a for 20
year but I like to think of me not
tickle me in just the right way there's
any good way to do this
it's a sneak up on them
yeah well they're all facing this way is
there way you can take that boat and get
behind him
no I don't have a leaf the winds gonna
take me right smack dab in the middle
what some other any are like rocks over
there could you swim over there I'm
calculating right now okay
it is but it's also I'm you know there's
a saying in engineering rich yeah it
ain't dumb if it works like the way you
put these things together is a little
silly well that works and it ain't dumb
if it works I'm more excited for
Jurassic world fallen Kingdom than
infinity Bor I know I watch season
anymore
it looks so awesome it's just everything
everything and everyone I'm I am very
interested in the new Jurassic world
though because fuckin star-lord teams up
with a Velociraptor and they go on a
buddy-cop adventure to stop an evil an
evil corporation and that looks
hilarious
as soon as that second as soon as that
second trailer dropped and we actually
found out what the movie was about it's
like wait a minute he teams up with the
Velociraptor to take up a to take out an
evil businessman that's so great
that's so great
do not spot me this is gonna work
yes maze Mesa volt Jurassic world -
looks like hot garbage in a good way
it looks like they're on the dumb train
but they all know it so they just put
party hats on and are having a great
time
no I don't believe rich ever did play a
link between worlds because no do you
ever thought you have a 3ds I never I
never played a link between worlds I'm
sorry rich rich is a historically not
been a mobile gamer or a handheld yeah I
can't believe this
that's great can I even get up there
I'm added a gba with a backlight and in
playing Pokemon right now that's nice
that's nice I know that was that was one
of my my favorite parts about the first
the first DS that had the the the Game
Boy Advance lot and it was just that
backlight was gorgeous you know the ugly
gray clamshell DS those were great those
were great you sneaky bastard can you
even climb it my god he didn't see the
other ones are kind of looking my way oh
boy but you can just kill him then hop
back down on the ice and they'll forget
about you like crawl on the other side
of the ice
only one thing to do throw bomb you
could probably bomb him right off the
platform right if I can get a sneak kill
in that's prefered then a bomb you might
be able to throw a bomb from behind the
the box there and no one will see you
the bottle make them freak out for a
little bit but they won't see
Oh someone's seen yes someone seeing
yeah nope nope nope
the blue guy sigh yeah I know I did I
know I did I'm not backseat gaming I'm
giving him some suggestions rich is in
control I'm just here helping I'm here
for the color commentary oh can you can
you knock him off the platform cuz these
guys drown right they can't swim you're
right you're right I'm yeah why no buffs
guys cuz I'm gonna need all that shit
for healing man yeah if the shit
if the shit goes down that's that's
riches back up
what's with the spike in people playing
breath of the wild a ton in the last few
days it's a great game and actually
there was there was a lull for a while
in new games coming out and I think they
wanted to go back and replay a fucking
masterpiece
oh nice shooting nice shootin or one the
shut one the kill it's great it's just a
great game and they said to themselves
man I feel like playing a great game
what's out nothing breath of the wild it
is
Oh
boom-boom rich no boom you're doing it
you're fucking doing it link is now a
Soviet sniper yes Oh busy throwing rocks
at you yep that dickhead
what's an unbelievable dickhead that's
right there ain't no music down there
that's true that's true
what'd you do that for I thought it
would blow him off of the platform
apparently just wounded his ass yep
you've got fire arrows yeah James I
Cameron yes we will be reviewing god of
war for God of War 2018 right the new
God of War I I think I'm almost done
with it I'm at a point in the game now
where it feels like it's the end and I
don't know if it is or not but it feels
like it's the end I'm sure you've got a
lot more talking to get through click
that click that button oh nice nope
didn't knock him off take that dummy
that's just wishful thinking kind of
kind of wishful thinking I think there
are there are good aspects and bad
aspects to the game and you you will
hear my thoughts in a full review
so we'll see this in ten I heard were
the B levels of the master trials that
were really killing people this and ten
the one just before this with the
lizards oh okay I could see that this is
this without using your super sneak
powers this seems to be really tricky
but I think I think you got this figured
out here if you can knock him off the
edge you might have something did you
forget about you think you've got it
okay great
this is level 12 bridge or this is level
11 Oh rich you beautiful monster put it
down you fucker
yeah now come and chase me come and
chase me oh god get out of there No Oh
didn't knock him back it was a valiant
effort absolutely
fortunately he gets bored easy that's
not a bad idea Jim doc says you stasis
what if you stasis him and then like
throw a weapon at him why is that enough
to stagger about you know not that you
necessarily want to waste a weapon but
don't you have just like a regular
stinks fear that you could waste I've
been I've been hoarding too much
actually so I think I probably get away
with shit yeah yeah yeah yeah stasis
bomb throw spear oh wind help get that
ready
and oh fuck it
he's a big meanie
yeah no I know him
oh nice
oh Jesus growl that was nasty
Wow now here with the bomb
careful careful he's picking up a thing
I don't feel great the DLC yes shiny
guys site this is the hope this is the
trial of the sword DLC where you have to
start
nicely done wrench thank you nicely done
thank you you have to go through X
amount of levels starting from scratch
no food no equipment no clothing and and
make it all the way to the end this is
level 11 of the first set of trials so
there's one more level after this to get
through the all of the easy trials
nicely done
the film and just that easy just that
easy barbarian link is easy on the eyes
don't you think Jack I like the pants I
like the barbarian pants a lot I find
myself wearing those just for kits
kicks cuz it feels wrong for link the oh
of course
boy you like it you like it though the
whole barbarian getup I think is a
little much but I like some of it I just
oh you fucker I did just get the the
Dark Link outfit because I finally ran
into the the monster guy yeah yeah I
think that's cute right now I'm working
on getting the the skeleton outfit
because I think that's funny the glow in
the dark skeleton outfit yeah so nice
fire arrow
but there's a lotta there's a lot of fun
outfits in the game nope I've got to get
on to doc get on the doc wasting my last
minute of Defense yeah yeah you do I
wear the climbers gear because you're
always climbing that's that is also true
once you get the full sorry how to
breath once you get the full set of
climbers gear you just you scream up
those mountains and I do think the
Barbarian pants look really good with
the climber shirt and hat and so then if
you're climbing up a mountain and
there's a fight right after you just put
on the Barbarian pants and then if it
gets a little cold you can put on like
the the mullet hair that's good for the
cold the mullet hair the climber gear
and the Barbarian pants and then you're
like a hipster like a hipster bike
messenger looks it looks great
mmm I'm swimming I'm not gonna have
another chance to cook here I don't
believe the climbers gear and negates
rain it just makes you climb faster if
oh my god
that was amazing if there was an outfit
that negated rain it would be the first
outfit anyone ever got $8,000 DLC yeah
people would do it in-game currency
8,000 rupees and they would do it
immediately they would do that before
getting anything else I do like to play
dress-up you've seen me play these games
I love playing dress-up the outfits are
part of the fun
all right let's go
this is ed the final level of the EZ
trial rich you're doing great I think I
am I mean you've made it this far so you
know oh man you have so many arrows
you're fine this is a good this is a
good final boss though yeah for the easy
trials oh man I won't like pray for the
for the difficult one you probably have
to fight a Lionel I guess and I've seen
it don't tell me I've seen it don't tell
me I wanna I want to experience it
can you probably not gay for quarters we
don't want to we don't want to stir up
some shit I fought dirty in this fight
absolutely you're fighting to win
that's what Master Splinter taught us is
there there is no fair fight you only
fight to win fuck it take him out rich
take him out
the steel I'll be doing trying to bars
feed
I've got again there you go there you go
talk about
right in the dick right in the hi knocks
dick boom
fuck them up
right in the hi Nuggets excellent joke
boom and oh my god that's horrifying
that's horrifying that's a fetish
somewhere oh he got smart oh not that
smart
gee oh oh Jesus
killing it rich absolutely killing it
whoo absolutely kill the man literally
and figuratively I guess I don't need
any of this shit but fuck it I'm taking
it
I earned it it's my shit what I mean you
don't need any of it this is I think
this is like that was a last boss
oh you don't keep any of it nothing for
the mad dick punching strats absolutely
that's it that's how I deal with those
guys
all right that's part of the joy of this
game like the first time you run into
one of those high knocks is you are
scared shitless yeah like those guys or
even even like uh-huh finals the
Lionel's or the modest tests of strength
where you just like how the fuck do I do
this but once you know how to do it it's
like oh yeah just one of those guys
models are the funnest thing in the game
mm-hmm Oh Lionel's can suck man bacon
suck they're great I say that in a
positive way dan and and dan yes this is
the the trial of the sword DLC can
somebody look up why I wasn't able to
get any of this treasure chest what was
up with that shed
no one has a good answer for you rich
yeah no one has a good answer for you
it's just it just you can't it's because
the game doesn't like you specifically

[Part II]
oh so you even get a little boost yeah
just for doing the little one oh wow
that's neat I like that I like knowing
that we need that last one for the
durability increased man the Master
Sword doesn't break but it does lose
magic and so you or you can't use it for
ten minutes right so it essentially
breaks but it comes back yeah yeah
unless you are in one of the four divine
beasts or hyrule castle which by the way
once you get the Master Sword you can
just have a great time in hyrule castle
exploring all the rooms and not ever
have to worry about your weapons
breaking no it just has the 200
durability which is what you get for
beating the master certain trials your
master could still break in hyrule
castle really yes home I thought it was
under it's just got insane durability
which is what you get for doing this
that's why you got to do this so the
thing you want it Jack this well I want
another break yes I know
right yep great rich is gonna eat the
durians sir
don't worry yeah I just cook them for no
reason fucking dumbass
would you two durians eat the Dorian's
here we go do the amiibo weapons break
that's question for you I haven't used
them E but I haven't had any the amiibos
to give you special weapons okay I've
had the amiibo that gives you the link
outfit right but yeah I'm pretty sure
they do I mean every weapon breaks in
some way or another so I would assume
oh yeah do it
cook the durians individually no no no
no see I want to go into this with full
kilohertz cooking the even cook
wondering you get full heal but they
don't you don't carry them with right
I'm gonna be naked without an inventory
in in regular gameplay I would agree
with you guys that you want to cook your
your durians or your radishes
individually because they refill all
your hearts plus give you like three to
six bonus hearts but rich is correct
here you want as many hearts as possible
going in because you don't get to keep
your food man yes so as of this moment
he has the most hearts he could possibly
have and that was the correct strategy
get it together people know what's going
on
this is the medium challenge now yes so
now there are 12 levels of medium
challenge might be more of these oh my
god Tina's a little bit little more sure
my gourd
she's at Sage crisp
well we're not starting off easy are we
nope oh geez I'm mid-quarter I got that
defense boost up yeah only a quarter
hard you find that was smart yeah let me
shoot some arrows collective
I have no shield to collect them in so
dagger 18 is a cook a meal with a dragon
horn to get 30 minutes defense or often
didn't want a farm dragon horns before
the stream sure I was thinking about you
guys man yeah fuck right off nice nice
really dropped it
thanks of other shit around there
you're doing great rich you're doing
great so far you've only lost a quarter
of a heart really it's all you're gonna
give me I'm just like over bomb
underneath it it'll fly out
Jack you're brilliant this I understand
how the game works magic floating
also it'd be great to know what you guys
think I've got a ward before I buy it
wondering if all the 10 out of 10
reviews know the 10 out of 10 now I'm
not gonna say I hate it yeah
but the tens out of 10 out of tens
they're completely nuts the 10 out of
tens are completely nuts 10 out of 10
means perfect yeah yeah there there I
and I you know I'm not gonna go full
crazy man there are some positive things
about the game but it is not a perfect
experience I'm not as far as you yeah I
see a lot of potential in the combat
system which what little I played of God
or wanted it's completely different
mm-hmm but there's just so much slowly
walking and talking and you can't skip
it because it's not really a cutscene
it's gameplay because because every five
minutes you have to hit the circle ah
right Jesus Christ and CNC light you
know as far as number score systems like
I wouldn't even give this a 10 out of 10
and I think this is damn near perfect
but there are little things that annoy
me about this game you know this is like
an 8 or 9 out of 10 for me like super
close to perfection oh I'm really
cocking this up oh you cocked that right
up
oh it's not gonna work now
you know something like this or or
blood-borne would be like 9 out of 10
for me like this is a level of Tanna 10
blood-borne zone the level of 10 out of
10 do what would it do Oh dooms like
that's an I know what I'm saying is a 10
out of 10 for me would have to be
absolutely perfect God of War well
there's this merits to the combat just
cinnamic does not mean your game is good
right oh my god they're right there for
me a 10 out of 10 would be portal Oh No
just start over let's start over a 10
out of 10 for me a game that I cannot
find any Fault in would be portal portal
1 that is a 10 out of 10
no doubt about it no diggity no doubt
portal 1 portal 1 10 out of 10 I could
also put something like maybe Shadow of
the Colossus 10 out of 10 it would be
really hard for me to find any fault
with Shadow of the Colossus but because
again 10 out of 10 means absolutely
perfect no caveats no minor nitpicks
is I think it's a perfect game
and and like a game like this which i
think is wonderful in fantastica and you
know what this is the whole problem with
the number rating system is something
like this which i think is is a
wonderful experience I've gotten far
more hours out of this than I've gotten
out of portal I wouldn't give a ten out
of ten because there are nitpicks I have
and there are some things I don't like
about it small minor things that don't
ruin the overall experience but makes it
not a perfect game and so there's all
these there's there's an inherent
problem there's an inherent problem with
this kind of rating system is it it
takes away any of the nuance of
conversation about games that's a 10 out
of 10 8 out of 10 99 cents a Stan umber
here's my number and you get rid of all
the nuance so you get rid of all of the
all of the back-and-forth and that's
just how I would rate something that
doesn't mean that's how that's how other
people rate games it which is again
another problem of the number rating
system you know Jack I accidentally
teleported out of the trial oh no what a
shame race what a shame yeah I know yeah
you can do it you you you you hit some
rough luck there with with some of the
things and now you know what to expect
would you be more accepting of cinematic
games if they didn't outright label
themselves as games no because they're
still they still have shitty pacing like
I said I'm kind of enjoying the combat
in the new god of war
yeah I like I like the ax throw I like
some of the stun stuff but then using
you every every small chunk of combat
I'm walking through the fucking forest
talking to the stupid fucking kid I
can't even sprint because they want me
to go through the East uriens agreed
rich the pacing is what matters there
what what they are trying to do is take
your interactive experience a game is
inherently interactive and shove non
interactive elements into it by its very
nature it is against the thing it is
trying to make I don't
I usually don't skip I I was desperate
for skipping a cutscene that wasn't
really a cutscene oh I know yeah they
get they get away my wife's dead can I
beat up a monster I like it I like it
when I can beat up monsters
sounds like god of the last of us all
right now I did not play the last of us
so you know that I cannot speak to
button it's madness
get me Kevin get me
oh it was clearly a jump well and you
know the one of no right now I'm not
gonna get into it too much because I
have I have a lot to say about the way
they tell their story and and the way
they handle the cinematic experience and
storytelling in games so they despise
the fucking cinema experience this trend
I want to see die so hard it's not gonna
that's not gonna button so sonic the
hedge says man sounds like rich wanted a
God of War game it's hard to use bombs
on this level cuz they float yeah
Richard rich is sticking and moving it's
alright he's doing all right
I want your shield nice nice job
hmm
some people wanted to Zelda game and
what they got was breath of the wild
exactly that's a good is a good game no
no well not if you're old-school like me
fucking the fucking original zeldo had
that nonlinear shit going on yeah oh I
thought they meant that as a compliment
like I wanted a Zelda game and we got a
Zelda game oh no I think it's people
complaining that that breath of the
wilds a departure
I'm not complaining that god of War's
departure hmm I'm not complaining cuz as
a partner I was never a fan of the
original god of war games oh okay
I just wasn't playing Ninja Gaiden at
the time it was a better fighter game
sure there's a better brawler yeah I
just don't like the cinematic experience
I'm sorry the cinematic experience in
gaming is garbage it's a poorly paced 45
hour movie don't do it a poorly paced 45
hour movie yeah that's pretty good
just farming arrows nice it's a Netflix
original series and you know what some
of those cutscenes look pretty damn good
why don't they use that technology to
make a Netflix original series I'd watch
the fuck out of that can I tell you how
down I am with the premise of this game
of God of War is is the Spartan The
Ghost of Sparta the the the Greek god of
war fucking up the Norse gods like
that's that's like fanfiction right this
is like the oldest fanfiction and I'm so
down with that idea mm-hmm but but but
but like I said I will go into it rich
and I will have a whole thing we will
have a whole thing fire arrows
yeah you know link needs magic hands
like then for my next trick
Alakazam
white Sasquatch says as long as we get
games like doom I can live with
cinematic games like God of War okay
yeah actually like games like that
except any Quantic Dream horseshit yeah
I think you need a fire arrow there if
you have any
nice now you're on it rich now you're on
it oh did you see it
you know I slink hurt his toe oh yeah
yeah it opened but it doesn't have any
shoes up um do you ever do the thing
where you crouch down to open it there's
a floating room this is a floating area
I missed it oh well you oh there it is
what the next time you have a treasured
dress I'll try to remind you and there's
there's no monsters er I've seen you
kick your toe before oh wait wait when
you crouch next to it it open it yeah
have you ever done that
no we'll do that it's fun it's kids cute
I've never seen him kick it without a
shoe before oh god damn it
people are saying there are more
floating arrows around yeah take a take
a circle oh there's one
I can't grab it it's stuck oh that's too
bad
yeah if I get
at 36 which is probably good for now and
anything we'd like to see in Doom 5 aka
door June 2016 two more fast paced
heavy-metal action yeah I was gonna say
more doom it would be great
give me some give me some more monsters
would that be nice
that'd be nice I think they got it
covered
I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and put
some trusts in that team
where were they they've earned a little
a little bit of confidence let them do
what they do
oh you fucking what he the one that the
weaker one dropped it and his weapon
ended up in the hands of the stronger
one nicely done
thank you
doomed part deux yeah it's just you know
like they they they understand it they
understand the whole doom situation so
we I don't need to give them a wish list
just have them do what they do more doom
more guns somebody hasn't different guns
would be nice like you said some new
monsters would be great and then just
doom again that would be great let's do
this yeah
nope bye oh yeah that killed him
yeah I wanted this fire a-rod oh yeah
terrible that would have been nice I
thought that was a platform down there
I'm very very something I'm very very
sorry that was the worst there's
literally the worst thing that was the
worst thing that ever happened yeah yeah
that's true
ah chicken macbeth oxes Jack do you
inspect your eggs before buying them and
what techniques would you recommend we
follow to pick out the best eggs i
second-chance rich he's not above a
platform just aggravating okay
I do inspect my eggs before purchasing
them but nothing for nothing like major
I just make sure there's no cracks in
them
generally speaking the eggs that you get
out of here Oh out of your grocers
freezers are probably gonna be fine they
go they go they go what an adorable
little monster I always the weaker one
the other one had the better weapon and
still you know what it's still fire wand
it's still gonna light some people on
fire
I sit in your grocers freezer right I
just said grocers freezer I don't know
why I said that but no you just make
sure there's no cracks in them it's okay
like open up the egg carton to make sure
there's no cracks in your eggs before
buying eggs that should be standard
operating procedure for any egg buying
make sure it ain't no eggs in them poop
out a little bomb
but I don't like wholesome duck duck
down yeah now open it oh wow didn't work
for this one okay maybe it only works
for metal ones I don't know we'll see
what's supposed to happen
link punches them and it hurts his hand
oh it's cute I know there are some
people that will like hold up each
individual egg to a bright light to make
sure that there's no chicken inside and
you know I'm just I just I believe in
the automation process where it has to
get through it has to go through so many
layers to make sure there isn't a
chicken inside where I'm not generally
worried about that yep
why are American egg shells white not
all of them are but most of them are
because someone thought it looked good
once and kept it that way oh oh
oh no no did it fall go I hate wind
world yeah
and it's true some chickens do have
white eggs but a lot of the eggs that
you'll find at the grocery store our are
bleached white but you know it's just
how we like them it's kind of the same
reasons that we have Oh Mike kind of the
same reason why we have all orange
carrots you know that carrots aren't
originally orange nope rich is going
through things yep so I'm gonna I'll
tell a little story about carrots carrot
carrots did not actually did not start
off orange there were a multitude of
colors but they found that the orange
carrots sold best cuz you know they were
brighter and they they caught the
attention of the people at the grocery
store and so then eventually just for
selling purposes everyone started
breeding orange carrots and that's why
the vast majority of carrots are still
orange today whoa fuck that's pretty
lucky
this is super interesting I don't know
if you're joking or not but I think it
is actually I think it is super
interesting because everyone just thinks
about carrots you think about orange
carrots but that's not that's not the
natural state of carrots I need to get
out of wind world and I need to get out
of wind world as quickly as I can
fucking get out of wind world you know
the same with same thing with bananas if
you ever hear not not to get too edgy or
religious or anything but you ever hear
that bullshit about the banana theory
yeah and Christians and how the end of
the banana is is is proof that God
exists claimed it was designed for the
thought for the human hand right and if
you ever see a picture of what an
original banana look like it looks like
a tennis ball with like some people
might not know yeah what do you mean
original banana oh well the the thing
that existed you know before the banana
as we knew it right then because the
banana as we know it has been cultivated
and basically engineered and genetically
modified to to be through domestication
of breeding of course to be to be the
banana that we know today and when when
the banana was found by early man in
nature it looked like a tennis ball with
spikes so we have used evolution to mold
the banana into a form that we that we
find please that suits our needs best
yes and so it's actually a really
amazing a piece of human manipulation oh
my god get out of there
wind world's what are you doing I'm
trying to put away my fucking axe and
having a hard time okay
concentrate I'm so sorry rich yeah
should happen yeah
wind world seems fucking intense fuck
wind world it way it was my fault I was
distracting with banana talk you're
right I'm sorry rich
I distracted you it's 100% true I mean I
don't know what I can say to that it's
absolutely true all my stupid banana
talk you know he doesn't have to start
over from the easy trial now you just
have to start from the medium trial
again right so that's you just have to
go back to wind world
I don't like world I like that
gobbledygook sky blue hook says my story
was too appealing
it's great that's good
wind whirled the fucking wind world
dr. Luba tubbses hi rich and Jack lately
I've been watching your Sierra adventure
game streams I've watched all police
quest base quests and king's quest
streams have you streamed any other
Sierra games we tried to do a Leisure
Suit Larry but I don't think we had a
very good time no we tried the second
one yeah and we ended up not having a
very good time so we stopped but we will
get to more Sierra games in the future I
know people like them I think the game
is just fucking with it oh no that's not
just it's alright
yeah I do think it would be fun to do
some some point-and-click adventures too
as long as they don't have any voice
work to them because I think that's part
of the fun of those streams is is rich
and I doing the voices
so I'm okay with point-and-click
adventures as long as as long as there's
no voice work to them you know a classic
Lucas art point-and-click adventure
would be great secret of monkey island
I've never played it maybe i one-celled
the best of the worst to do monster
infighting just like boom you know that
would be a good idea
like if monsters could hurt well some
can like the the jellies yeah the
choo-choos if you make a choo-choo
explode it hurts the other monsters are
that's not like the fighting though yeah
yeah it would be fun if you could like
make the monsters pick a fight with each
other yes
it would be very my god I thought that
was gonna hurt you
I thought the Jets is gonna
people boop boop boop boo boo
where did the chest go
what just just I just knock blew up the
platform oh it wasn't a chance I'm just
a bow on there okay
max thrust as I agree with the
disappointment in the cutscenes of God
of War but the combat is so awesome
don't oh don't read max thrust I did
wink wink
look I didn't know whole nice nicely
done rich you actually I was aiming for
his chest you did a homework
apparently doom guy's real name is Flynn
McTaggart s and the stupid novelizations
that doesn't count as far as I'm
concerned his real name is doom slayer
yeah well according to it's tough words
supposed to be use deliberately unnamed
okay
his name is doom slayer and that is the
only name i will accept
oh no not again it's fine
oh here's the little one this is the one
I want to farm basically yeah yeah over
here pal this is an interesting new
level to this tactical level to to this
to this trial come over here
I don't know if I've ever seen the big
fire one before
oh fuck Sagan that a bit much
yes yes it is rich
he just does not want to get above a
platform
yeah take them over there maybe he'll
land some fire bombs on those monsters
down there I'm taking heat damage
why does the fire thing you want link
dead because he's a monster and links
the hero duh
Markham no you do not get gear in the
trials
now
Oh
if you don't airy Nantz says if you
don't want to take heat damage maybe you
should be wearing more than a pair of
Barbarella shorts I don't really have an
option in the matter this is the trial
of the sword and you don't get any of
your items when you do the trial of the
sword so rich cannot wear anything but
his those look like Under Armour like
like athletic boxer shorts yes
it's very good oh my god I think it's
the guy up in the balloon thing that has
the bombs cheese crisp
I'm so sorry so so sorry
rich should be dropping bombs war go it
go drop bombs more in the wind level
where the bombs go straight up last time
I did that I killed myself if you this
is in this level there the wind is
shooting directly up that's why we're
rich is able to float around everywhere
if you if you drop a bomb the bomb then
goes up kind of near the person who
dropped it you see so in fact it's it's
probably a level specifically designed
so you can't bomb scum like you can in
the first level hole is they said
everybody's just bombs coming their way
past these trials let's create a level
where you can't bomb scum discipline
daddy says drop up stupid duh just drop
them up I think that's him making fun of
the other person not us so that's why I
liked it the bomb scum sounds like a sex
act
well just keep throwing those bombs
which they say it's gonna work oh
actually that blocked an arrow how that
was pretty sweet you don't seem to be
doing any of the image that's weird oh
my got three health because it didn't
heal before the trial started mmm that
better days better day stick
you're doing great rich I think you're
doing great
I think you're doing great
everybody everybody's doing great I
think everybody's doing great ooh-whoo
the death spiral yeah now just shake it
shake it off rich you can get there
that's great whoa uh feeling a little
tired feel a little tired yeah my mom
some I'm on some new medication yeah
yeah I went to the doctor yesterday okay
I don't know if anyone's ever noticed
this in the best of the worst but my my
hands shake every once in a while I
think I talked to you about this you did
you did my hands have been involuntarily
shaking and I started to get really
freaked out you know cause like it's
like you know I make a lot of I I
mentioned that the fact that you were
getting freaked out about it was
probably not going to help the shaking
it doesn't but you know I I make it I
make enough Michael J Fox jokes where I
thought they'd had some irony in for me
well actually I think with Parkinson's
the shakings have resulted the
medication the not all the time but it's
a different kind of shaking according to
my doctor that was my first concern is a
early Parkinson's shaking he said is
more rolling shake okay he called it
pill roll shaking like if you think of
rolling a pill between your your finger
and your thumbs and he said so if you
start like doing that
that's early Parkinson's right what let
me drop some bombs on these guys oh
sorry yeah rich please drop some bombs
on those guys oh no just open it me oh
sorry now dropping bombs bombs oh no
that didn't work at all rich just
dropped some bombs why are you dropping
bombs on them oh that's good you're
doing great rich you're doing great so I
know in case I went to the doctor
yesterday because my hands have been
uncontrollably shaking and I think it's
been getting worse than like you like
you said it might just be that I'm very
worried about it so it's getting worse
and as it turns out what I have is
something called familial essential
tremors which is a very fancy medical
term for your hands shake and we don't
know why it's a it's a it's a nervous
system disorder that is inherited
through your family and and so oh your
bomb disappeared yeah teleported me over
here no no it's not the coffee I drink
and it's not detoxing from alcohol
withdrawal it is a it is a what just let
them have that
oh you think no it's a real it's a it's
a real inherited nervous system disorder
that can run in your family my mom has
very shaky hands and and so what they
prescribed to me rich yeah is is a blood
pressure medication medication to lower
my blood pressure even though I have
fantastic blood pressure right because
it helps slow your heart rate and
essentially calm your nerves
but one of the side effects is it makes
you very tired because it you know it
slows your heart rate and calms your
nerves and so I'm a little out of sorts
is I guess what I'm doing I'm warning
everyone that it's okay it's only eight
o'clock and I'm feeling like it's
midnight what a coincidence
that's what it is what I wanted to tell
everyone yeah it's a beta-blocker it's a
beta blocker and so I just wanted to
give everyone a warning if I'm if I
start getting a little out of sorts as
it's getting later so I just started
it's it's gonna be weird but I've
already noticed a slight improvement in
the hand shakiness which is very nice
but I was actually having some problems
while on the shoots where you know I
hold the camera as part of my job and if
it's shakes you really notice so I had
some clients ask me about I was like
shit I should go to a doctor if clients
are starting to ask me about it Jack
were your pants
Jack I think I have the sort of this
disorder I think a lot of people do I
think people who have shaky hands
there's a lot of a lot of people oh
you're right dreamer TK I would be
perfect fit for the next Cloverfield
movie just hire me hire me
all right person in the chat who
recommended stasis on those guys yeah
tastic idea stasis and then smack around
got to use all your tools rich gotta use
all your tools
good job Chad you did it and now they're
just telling you to use bombs again so
just stop are you all assholes
how could every single one of you be an
asshole what are the odds every single
one of you he doesn't drop his thing no
of course not
Oh Oh God you did it you did it I didn't
want him to drop the massive fireball
thing again yeah you did it I'm
surrounded by assholes I knew it I'm
surrounded by assholes
now throw a bomb at him because he's
under the platform
yeah this guy's sucks
how much is this how much is this fire
wand worth oh wait is that it no that's
not it
did it fall near the thing shit shit
it's worth a lot to me actually to have
a mega fire rod yes yeah there's some
clever game design involved there's
gonna be ice levels later that could be
maybe that fire rod we gave you hope you
kept like that kind of thing yeah yep
that could be valiant blood John says
hey Jax did you get a chance to watch an
in Jack yet the last episode comes out
tomorrow and then Friday it will be
taken offline thus far it will only be
available for a few more days I haven't
valiant bloodshot and I need to make
myself a note or else I will forget
again I'm gonna put it you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna put it in my calendar
cuz I do want to see it and make a
little note to put in my calendar for
tomorrow watch ninja thing did you die
already it's gonna be a death woke up
down here okay I put it in my calendar
boom
I will remember now - watch the ninja
king ninja versus the valiant universe
nin Jack versus the valiant universe a
thing to watch what what happened
I got sniped I got 360 no scoped those
bum arrows man they got you they got
your number 8 the wind stages just
destroy the other room there's stuff in
there there's stuff in there rich
I don't know if you guys can hear that
yeah I think he's throwing things I
think he's throwing things it's gonna be
fine it's gonna be fine snug bug xi says
chicken eggs are white in the US because
we mainly use white chickens we don't
change the bleach we don't change the
bleach the egg brown eggs come from
brown chickens love you guys have a nice
day is that true snuggle bug hmm I don't
know if that's true and we have to
Google that
and we have to google that
and Google that way now
I'll go with that later
a total Lehmer says speaking of
adventure games have you ever played the
Serbia games I think three came out
recently but it was awful I heard one
was definitely fun though I don't think
I've played any of this Serbia ones
sorry
seborrhea serbia like the area of russia
that's how it's spelled that's how it's
spelled yeah I I don't know if rich is
coming back I just don't know check
Twitter for watan check Twitter for what
my Twitter or prereq Twitter
what the heck is that that's weird
that's weird
thanks for thanks for sharing that
telegin I appreciate that let's see what
we got here juggles faces says oMG I
finally made it to a livestream you guys
are great can't wait to see you guys
play God of War quick question what is
your favorite console generation rich
Jack keep being awesome hey rich hey I
feel better
great favorite console generation it's
your favorite console generation I play
on PC questions silly bagel you want to
play my PC games I had in 1985 mm-hmm
it's all one big generation it's all one
PC it's all one big generation oh that's
a that's like a you just made a
commercial game put that put that on a
bumper sticker man if they still make
bumper bumper stickers I think there's a
there's a good argument to be made for
the Nintendo 64 was a decent generation
I loved my Nintendo 64 but but that was
literally only the Nintendo 64 the-- the
Gamecube ps2 generation was a fine
generation of console gaming a lot a lot
of good things coming out of the ps2 in
the Gamecube I like that a lot yep and
I'm fairly happy with with these modern
times where I can play PC games and
switch games and ps4 games
well blood-borne so I could Flav switch
games and PC games and blood-borne
so I'm pretty happy with uh with how it
is right now oh yeah I guess I got that
but yeah again you know we got super
mario sunshine we got Wind Waker Mario
Kart Double Dash Metroid Prime Resident
Evil 4 on the Gamecube has beautiful ps2
obviously just had fucking everything
ever ever my PC stance that's that
shit's posted somewhere right I mean I
didn't even remember the specifics
anymore we built that like four years
ago now I'm sure we put it out there
somewhere is it's not anywhere
specifically this one car cuz this is
that one right the one we built a while
ago I just don't remember processor I
was a Pentium I wasn't what was it
but I five I think pretty sure it's nine
five I don't remember which particular
clock speed on that though sure
all there's garbage in every generation
there's garbage there shovelware
but I'm pretty happy with what's coming
out right now right now this very moment
and on the Gamecube ps2 generation those
would have to be my stoppers obviously
you know there's plenty of good for the
Super Nintendo but
the Wii is master of all shovelware yeah
it used to be the we used to be the
master of all shuffle we're and now that
that has been taken over by steam steam
is now the master of all shovel where
ps2 was pretty it was pretty shuffle
where heavy yeah right now the switch is
just filled with garbage if you ever
take a look at the Nintendo eShop for
the switch so very much garbage
the switch eShop is is terrible it's
absolutely terrible it really really
truly is you know a steam steam his try
the steam has tried to kind of
algorithmically curate it's horrible
shop to say like we have 10,000 million
games but due to our algorithm we think
you might like these can you call it a
horrible shop when when they have sales
they're so good I know there's a lot of
crap on Steam how but damn can you get
some fine prices on some games it's it's
a horrible shop in that it's hard to
find new games unless you know what
you're looking for going in unless you
go into steam saying I want to buy game
X if you just want to like have you ever
gone to steam and just browsed around
like yeah worse then what are some
adventure games that I want to play it's
a it's a horrible shop for browsing hey
you brought up a ranking by consumer
ranking oh sure sure there are there are
some ways to do that but even then
there's just too many there's just too
many and like I said steam is is trying
to to curate that with with algorithms I
I don't know if it works all the time
but they're trying
what online game store isn't like that
though that's that's true jr. ease 45
there's this that's a lot
yeah you just have to come straight I'm
not dying how about this rich I have a
football Oh
can after you knock him out can you grab
his weapon with your magnet out of his
hand
sorry too late like can you steal a
weapon from a bad guy with your magnet
I've never tried I'll just have to be
fine with my fire arrows yeah better
than dying follow devs directly to find
the real good shit storefronts and games
media will do you wrong you know you
find you find your curation where you
can find it and if you say oh here's a
here's this gaming critic who I follow
and I I find interest in games through
that game and critic then you follow
that gaming critic and yeah the same
with game devs oh this game devil often
retweets stuff his friends are working
on and I usually find that interesting
we all find our curation where we can
but alright you gotta move you've got to
move brother
oh no wonder
whoo that was a close one almost ran out
of juice
nicely done nicely done
how's a great slow-mo Hey
nice nice
you're doing great
right hey did you kill everybody no not
yet I'm missing
there's probably guy over oh yeah there
is
oh that remark but the the guy who's not
throwing bomb arrows so he wasn't a
priority for you wait wait wait wait
wait it's gonna fall remember you want
to move it first over how huh the couch
any nudge it
how no it's fine
great oh they're saying with that one in
particular in case you have to come back
to this level if you die later magnet
for might yeah so that's a good
suggestion it's a good suggestion you
guys think if we pool our money we can
buy the Deathstalker game rights the you
know who's in who's in charge of
programming the whimsical rape minigame
rich why am I so angry I'm fine
you might be you might see me
concentrating and maybe that looks angry
I'm fine the night
we're playing birthday I got my game
face on man oh shit
you have your shield
nicely done how many more how many more
no fuss no muss with that guy eat it
dickbag just the one man alright just
the one
there's no treasure in here it's gotta
be some treasure in the
the
there you go yeah the arrow waster
that's what they call that one
Deathstalker could be a fun game
obviously it's just generic barbarian
man generic barbarian man kills the evil
wizard play a tiny barbarian oh I love
that game
tiny barbarian so that's a wonderful
game that imagine that tiny barbarian is
just Deathstalker shrunk down and you
got yourself the makings the evil wizard
shrunk Deathstalker
on a barbarian tiny barbarian yeah kind
of like Hana Berberian Hana barbarian
they never did that didn't they I don't
know they did Thunder Thunder oh that
was what that was that that guy was the
final before the rest area when I died I
died to the first time through I died
did a cyclops that's right you were so
close you're so close
tiny barbarian is on the switch - oh
that's great what an adorable game I had
the greatest time playing tiny barbarian
fund are the Barbarian with claw the MOT
glove the Mook there safely mocked come
on we've got them up or maybe moot I
thought it was moot oh okay
it's MOT tea so I read that as much ah
mooch I think is M OoT but maybe they
spelt it wrong it's just give me how I
remember them pronouncing it which just
could be wrong mm-hmm but I remembered
thunders I scare off the ferry there's a
ferry there was a ferry he's good oh you
did it's gone off rich no you're paying
attention compare they're saying it's
you Claude the mock okay so you both
were wrong how about that
you're not gonna cook anything I was so
upset by my not getting the ferry that I
skipped over it I know gameface rich
well get it together man
whoops Tamina do that she's right in
your fucking face that was a horror
movie rich was distracted by my
barbarian sign and I know I just
shouldn't talk just don't talk well
someone's gotta talks in theory it's a
gaming stream in theory it's a stream
where we talk about bullshit while we
play games absolutely but oh that was
nice all right I like this farm war I
like the wind world dark world you're
okay with yeah
I tuned in for the bull scat well we got
plenty of that were you here earlier
when we were talking about bananas it
was the whole thing there's whole thing
humping the endless tiny dwarf says you
hate the wind levels but you like
windwaker inconsistent much uh-huh
that's a good joke that was a good joke
tiny barbarian or whatever your name was
that's cool-looking darkness
encompassing me absolute horror what oh
he's a fire breather
nice
nicely done
jack sing more rock that's all I know
I'm sorry that's all I know that's all I
know to do juggle faces as oMG I finally
made it to a live stream you guys are
great can't wait to see you guys play
God of War quick question what was your
favorite oh we already read that fact
four odds as I found Python 2 and the
item in a secondhand store in Milwaukee
the other day all I could think was that
your destruction of those films was in
vain the item was $10 the item was $10
no the destruction was still not in vain
we destroyed those copies that's all we
can do there are there are there's one
less copy in the world
he threw his sword at you dumbass dink
what a dink prices up because supply is
down secondhand store Milwaukee was it
like a hipster second-hand store maybe
they knew of us and they they're
stocking an rlm section a bo TW section
I think Ryan Wow we've talked about that
a cone in movie where he's doing Conan
the old king yeah that would be neat
where the whole movie you think it's
leading up to Conan's heroic death but
he's just too much of a badass he's just
too much but he actually overcomes
fucking everything they throw and then
he sits back on his throne and he's
depressed and he because he wants to die
like a warrior would die yes but that's
the tragedy he can't get his warriors
death because he's too good the final
shot is him sitting on his throne and
the camera slowly pulls back as like you
know the the today's business is read to
him and he looks miserable that's the
final shot of the movies just know it's
gotta be him just dropping the crown and
walking off with a sword still he
doesn't want it he doesn't want to be
the king you just you just abandoned
there's no honor and abandoning the
kingdom rather he'd rather you know new
adventures there's no honor in that wait
where'd you get pants a chest rest area
Oh congratulations
King Conan him King County on would be
great oh this is creepy as hell I love
it all their glowing eyes yeah well yeah
he has to fight the evil wizard you know
like that's what he that's what calls
him back to the adventure fea stuff you
know fight the evil wizard for the good
of the kingdom or whatever and he and he
has glorious battles and and he finally
sees his moment to sacrifice himself to
save the kingdom but like word said he's
just too much of a badass and he's still
alive and he wins and he's miserable
because of it he's got to go back to his
day job that's how I wanted to him he
goes back to his day job as the king
shouldn't be able to hit me while I'm in
the middle of the fucking it's fine
no what you got go back to the beginning
oh I know be kidding no no do you wanna
give a shot no no I'm not out of I'm not
in the zone man I'm not in the zone at
all
Conan Allah you know oh what I just
missed they were they were showing UHF
at a theater a couple weeks ago and I
was out of town and I was really upset
because I found out about it too late
that's like oh I'd love to see UHF on a
big screen with a crowd of people I like
we're down I don't think you would shift
that much you think that's good oh shut
up it's a classic there's some lazy
parodies Conan a librarian it's coupon
but but that's the only joke
welcome to like Weird Al's almost entire
discography man it's like Conan the
librarian is a lazy parody it also lasts
20 seconds it's exactly what it needs to
be it's a goddamn classic Richard Evans
Richard Edlund Evans don't you know the
Dewey Decimal System and it cuts the guy
in fucking half it's Birds puts great I
remember we watching it as an adult
being like Twinkie Weiner sandwich
yeah I pulled out the middle name rich
does a rich deserved it you only pull
out the middle name when they're in
trouble
you guys are not just saying by the way
you guys are just like now repeating
lines from UHF and it's making me smile
so much like to add the game show
remember the heads like the fish game
show or you can like win fish and so you
either get you either get you know your
weights in red snapper or what's in the
box
let's do the box nothing what they came
out of the supply closet and they said
supply you are such a dork
not only were they in a supply closet
but man
generally speaking original native Asian
speakers would you know change else to
ours and so it was like a double joke us
fucking greatest movie it's the greatest
movie oh it's like a double joke rich
supplies
oh I am losing I that that was sorry I'm
very I'm just kicking in I'm feeling
pretty mellow I gotta go take a couple
more puffs of my medication I'll be back
whoa what movie I'm talking about UHF
weird it weird al' yankovic is one and
only vehicle no Jack does not blaze that
was it that was a joke I'm on some
montsum blood pressure medication which
in general lowers my heart rate and
mellows out the nerves Abed so do you
remember the infamous we're not infamous
the famous Simpsons monorail episode oh
of course they ripped UHF off the ending
when Leonard Nimoy beams away
Oh didn't die the alien who helps and
then goes away
he didn't beam away though did he he I
think it buta where the any UHF doesn't
he actually say oh good night no at you
in in the end of UHF he beams away but
did he beam away at the end of the
monorail absence
but you didn't do anything no it didn't
I I don't I don't think he said Oh
didn't I in UHF is a but if they both
beams away already not going well
I hate wind world

[Part III]
yeah this seems like straight-up
horseshit
he spoke of course he fucking beamed
away Oh what meet you
he's dead now was it us who was talking
about why Chicago is called the Windy
City yes that was us yes we have that
conversation does the chat know why
Chicago is called the Windy City or is
that a conversation we were having right
about on stream I don't even remember
what the answer was I've actually
forgotten already you've forgotten
already yeah well we it's it's the
conversation started because of why
Milwaukee is called the Cream City yeah
Milwaukee is known as the Cream City
because of our dairy products but
because we were a major manufacturer of
these cream colored bricks nobody
outside of Milwaukee knows that
Milwaukee's called the Cream City oh
really because they just don't give a
shit no I don't think I heard that until
I got here
Oh City I'm sitting we're Cream City
what the heck is that
Milwaukee's known as the Cream City at
least in Milwaukee because we
manufactured these wonderful cream
colored bricks and if you come to
Milwaukee you will see a lot of them
around and they're great but everyone
does know that Chicago is called the
Windy City and apparently it's because
people care about Chicago it's it's also
a much larger City announced apparently
it's it's not called the Windy City
because of the amount of wind in it it
is because it is known for what it's
gossip and newspapers
people in Milwaukee hate Chicago we do
know there there are rival there there
are rhyme you know you know what Chicago
thinks about Milwaukee huh don't they
don't it's a nice place up north so in
any case because of its gossip and
Chicago does not see Milwaukee as any
kind of competition you know what they
call Miller Park or home of the
Milwaukee Brewers like Wrigley North
they call they call it Wrigley North and
it's not even it's not even
mean-spirited it's because when the Cubs
are in town I hate the Cubs but when the
Cubs are in town to play the Brewers
more than half of the fucking fans in
the stands or word Cubs shit yeah that's
true
alright you got
I just want to know you know what here
kill me we're doing this again we're
doing this again that's fair I think
like for this level in particular you
need to you need to take out that bomb
guy first there's three on the back wall
and they're not easy to take out because
you got the ice guy shouldn't ice arrows
yeah nay wouldn't Minneapolis be
Chicago's competition
well no also here in Milwaukee we we're
far closer to Milwaukee
well Milwaukee's far closer to Chicago
we we also you know we are we consider
the Packers kind of to be our team as
well and so of course it's Green Bay but
it's it's the Bears play closer to
Milwaukee than the Green Bay Packers do
Jack let's tie that it's very true but
that's like it's like the state's team
you know and so that's a little bit of
where the rivalry comes from so
oh wait did I forget to oh you did I
forgot to do food residue food
get out of there rich get out of there
rich were you stoked to see Chicago take
the world I hate the Cubs let's talk
about 2005 when I was stoked to see the
White Sox win the World Series yeah it's
pretty stoked to see the White Sox win
the World Series oh there you go there
you go ah that's what they were
referring to yes okay bring - mm-hmm
that's a that's what they were pranking
uh uh uh game for quarters is are you
guys familiar with Oliver Harper and his
film retrospective whoo I am NOT I'm
sorry it took two years of asking but he
finally did a commentary for Battlefield
Earth with his partner Richard Jackson I
loved his work I mean I've not heard of
them
I'm glad you enjoy their work jack is
the one who said he wasn't into any kind
of sports I'm not I'm not into any kind
of sports whatsoever
I've always been vocal of my love of
minor-league baseball
yes very vocal
yeah and I just don't give I don't give
no fucks about yeah people playing
sports so seen the new Batman ninja
movie nope it's alright
valiant blood Jetsons have you guys
watched the trailers for the movies the
Meg or upgrade they look like total
schlock and I couldn't be happier about
it I've seen the trailer for upgrade
it's not like a sequel to idiocracy no
no upgrade is is almost like 80s action
movie Sherlock where a guy's family gets
killed and he gets paralyzed and they
put a computer in his brain to make him
stronger in fact looks like good good
fun like I don't know what the Meg is
sorry
whoa nice catch
where'd that BOGO I don't know
uh-huh meg is the one about the giant
shark oh no I don't know that one
sorry I don't know that one I don't
think it's gonna happen for me tonight
jack
you beat the first try so that's I know
that's something so you know you got a
little bit maybe they'll just be my
final try here okay sure sure how long
we've been going it's 9:00 so you know
like three plus the showers I think I
think you started before 6:00 yeah today
so we're at three and a half hours okay
that time I died and I all said and done
okay
I'll be close
then PC next door or the NPC next door
which makes way more sense says been
watching rlm for eight years but first
time tipper the best way to parry a
Guardians laser is to parry at the exact
moment the laser is finishing powering
up what is what does that mean what
signifies how do you know what is the
power woman
I don't know rich is that the big proof
of energy before it stars is that when
the poof it's the eye and it glows is
that the ding what is the pilot I
usually wait until the pluie forgets its
biggest then I press but usually I'm
also really close to the Guardian I've
had my most luck waiting for the ding
yeah just you know just you you you're
doing pretty okay tonight so I say do it
a lot of people in chat are saying ding
what's that ding gobbledygook says read
an article saying full motion video
gaming making a comeback are there
really new full motion video games
coming out I dropped a lot of good
weapons over the edge
would you ever consider producing video
content for visual novels teach rich
Japanese I know jokes when I hear them
it's that I produce anything that people
pay me for but I doubt anyone would pay
me for that so quince Omni acts as
frauds I was in my screenwriting class
today and had a joke in my draft about
the Catwoman movie I'm a hack the
professor said his old boss wrote that
movie I was embarrassed for all of us
fart no he got paid for which the
Catwoman movie you can't be too
embarrassed getting paid to write a
Hollywood movie because you know you've
wrote a Hollywood movie and that is in
itself something
nice nice
Oh Oh he's a good shot that was a good
shot man
shut up Jack no I will not shut up it's
kind of my job to talk about stuff and I
think there's no shit oh shit oh shit I
can't believe you pulled that out yeah
that's great
and I think there's a there's a lot of
people here who you know maybe have
aspirations for making movies and write
movies and fuck man the person who wrote
the Catwoman wrote one more movie than
you did like boom make it make your
dreams happen if you can write a better
movie than do it
yeah go get that treasure chest see
what's in it use your magnet
no this does not apply to M night
Shyamalan or Neil Breen yes it does
Neil Breen has made more movies than you
this is true do something about it do
something about it don't let your dreams
be dreams that's right oh can you do it
oh wait okay now wait oh there you go
just the one corner that's how you do it
nice beer fine just do it that's right
you can do it that's why you know like
Len our good good friend Len
mr. mr. Chavez insky he doesn't make
good movies but you know what he does he
makes a lot of them mm-hmm
that man works he is working for his
dang movies you know why because he
wanted to make movies and so he did
nicely done wrench yet today see you're
far enough away you have to have a
little bit of delay afternoon ding
that's right that's right
you did a great job there
we did it and says the cast and crew of
roller Gator they did they did though
you joke but they did it I don't know
you know making any movie making any
movie is an accomplishment yeah what's
there there's a saying there's a saying
which is uh even if you came in last
place
you're still faster than the guy in the
couch suck on that Internet
Oh rich they're saying don't forget the
ferry how do we get this let Len flex in
ski says just doing something isn't an
accomplishment doing something well is I
disagree I respectfully disagree Len
sometimes sometimes all that matters is
just doing something here's the thing
though
yeah when it comes to this kind of thing
you're only gonna get better by doing
yeah you're not gonna get better not
moving
boom boom
when's last movie I what better than
some of the previous ones he's made yeah
yeah he's gotten experience he's gotten
better mm-hmm yeah yeah he has he has
gotten better and you know not they're
doing something poorly is you know doing
anything is still an accomplishment when
compared to doing nothing I think I
really think that's true
what about Tommy Wiseau he's made more
movies than you he made a very famous
movie
don't forget to cook rich don't forget
it what you miss 100% of the movies you
don't make said Wayne Garfunkel hockey
man that's right that's right I believe
in doing things poorly do them poorly
all the time all right what are you
gonna cook man if you're gonna cook
General Health I guess yeah yeah
when's this open-world bullshit gonna go
out of style I think it already is kind
of out of style there's plenty of non
open-world games out there your your
your dooms your Wolfenstein z-- your God
of War is you're a bunch of other games
that I already came out don't have open
worlds Jack I don't like this attitude
is my point but whatever and I am a
positive person Len flack sinski I'm a
positive person that has made a slight
success out of myself by doing shit that
I was unqualified to do I did shit that
I was unqualified to do
I started making little videos I had no
idea what I was doing I just was having
some fun and I made some shitty ass
videos and then I kept doing I made
better and that's all I'm saying is
sometimes the very act of doing is
better than doing nothing
we're not rewarding people for being
mediocre we're rewarding people for
trying in general and then you know if
they make something mediocre you call it
mediocre mediocre mediocre no one's
gonna say lenss movies are good because
you know they ain't
Jack stop being so positive it bums out
the pessimists nope I know I know it was
and I don't care I wanna hi let's rock
and roll
Jack how did you feel when a video of
yours gained over 1,000 views that first
time that was a big deal that was a big
deal back in the day there was a you
know when when YouTube started to become
a oh those are pants when YouTube became
a thing it was like hey we have this
video should we put it on YouTube oh I
don't know like we weren't sure if we
were gonna put our video on YouTube when
when YouTube was a new thing Wow well
right cuz it was still like no one knew
what it was at the time like yeah I
guess we'll put it up on YouTube we'll
see if anything happens and then yeah
you get like that that first couple
hundred views and you're like oh we're
like a hundred people saw my video well
fun
how fun then you get spoiled home and
you get spoiled yeah we get a couple
successes under it yeah okay what's that
what's owed this video only got a couple
hundred thousand views fuck that fuck
that I'm sorry jack that's alright these
are the highs the highs and lows right
the highs and lows
I'm not seeing any treasure chests here
not getting any rumblings nope so we're
done right do it great do it do it uh
these levels super easier is rich just
that good well you might have missed it
I've had a bad string of luck lately
mm-hmm I ran through the first set of
level levels pretty easily yeah I think
that level specifically once you know
what you're looking out for is pretty
easy which has played these a couple
times already so he kind of knows like
this one wants sure but you knew what
you were looking for with like the fire
bats and yeah yeah so I think they get
easier once you know what you're looking
for
it's okay Len flex in ski I don't take a
special exception to your negativity I
understand where you're coming from
believe in yourself
what books am i listening to I just
started we are legion we are Bob how do
you feel about that one I just started I
like I I'm not even I'm barely like a
chapter in like I haven't got very far
but but I know you've recommended that
and it sounded like a fun listen I don't
like I can't do what you do where I like
listening to stuff while I play a game
yes and so like I haven't gotten to and
I've had some work that I'm finishing up
so now I'm done with some some edits and
I'm almost done with God of War so I'll
have a lot more time to listen to finish
up we are legion we're bomb which I'm
looking forward to and then next on my
list is uh I'm gonna forget it again the
Michelle McNamara into the long dark a
long way into the dark
it's terrifying terrifying he's got a
horde difficult to know I'll be gone in
the dark Thank You Moki the the true
crime novel I will be gone in the dark
is next on my list
no I'm not finding God afford difficult
I'm finding it difficult to stay awake
during the momentous amount of cutscenes
they're not cutscenes Jeff or its
gameplay the talky talks during the
talky talks the talk he talks have me
not even so much story so I've been
talking man someone's like talking how
do I like Oryx and Crake I didn't finish
it so obviously I didn't like it very
much I really wanted to finish it but I
I didn't I didn't so I didn't it's like
a movie it is like a movie how are the
walking and talking bits compared to
fire watch this is a really important
question and I'm sure fire watch is
gonna come up fire watch you can finish
in like two hours I'm at like hour 25 of
God of War so imagine the two hours but
spread out tenfold
it's so much longer
goodnight more totem Juggalo faces says
seeing rich have to take a moment in the
other room to collect himself made me
think Jack I've never seen you angry
like at all so film in what are your
worst gamer rage moments I don't know if
I have any gamer Rage moments like I'm
pretty chill so you if I have anything
that really makes me upset I just turn
it off and do something else like my
gamer rage moments are not playing the
thing that makes me upset oh my god you
just stepped into a fire
yeah but if you if you guys have watched
best of the worst you've seen me yell at
stuff I yell nice COBOL did break my
heart that didn't make me a shit I'm
pretty usually pretty pretty calm and
patient dude
oh yeah rich like take a moment eat some
food man
you need some horts
you need some hoards man well there
isn't a horse sheriff show right I just
internalized all that anger maybe that's
it maybe that's it
molecular Lionel
phalion bloodshot says would you guys
ever played the original god of war on
stream i played the hell out of the
first two games back in the day the
third one was where it started to fail
for me I was never fan like for for me I
wouldn't mind playing the the first one
on stream I played when the first one
came out I played it and beat it and
enjoyed it well enough I'd put that up
there with kind of dynasty warriors as
fun mindless beat him up schlocky games
so nice nice nice I never minded the
original gotta wear you know a little a
little QuickTime event E but but alright
that was that was the thing I liked
about those games is I I genuinely do
like mowing down hordes of enemy there
there there there was something
satisfying which probably couldn't get
past the Hydra oh yeah all those all
those exciting QuickTime events yeah I
did but the game just sucked compared to
G Gaiden and so I stopped playing it I
played Ninja Gaiden instead nice job
there rich thank you
I haven't played Hyrule warriors when it
comes to the switch I am planning on
picking it up though I didn't play it
when I came out for the Wii U just
because I didn't think I would I would
be into it or you know have the time to
play it but now that I have a different
switch gaming setup I might have the
time
colonel rich mustard yes rich has the
code for Battletech in his very email
box at this very moment there are so
many options
keke keke keke if it makes your foot on
fire that's great
but rich has the code he will download
the Battletech
yeah okay you got plenty there what is a
tree fuck
he'll take that tree don't worry
Battletech requires a lot of attention
to detail I believe enriched then
nicely done right nicely thank you it's
another hi Knox was that the final level
no I don't believe so
oh there's a nice battle that was a nice
battle these dark levels are intense
yeah they're nothing compared to those
stupid fucking win levels you want that
item well fuck you it's blown of the
cliff so fact one-one-one says have you
guys tried out seen thieves at all no
sell me on it it's pretend I don't give
a shit about pirates in general okay
it's all we had it I don't think I can
if you don't give a shit about pirates
I lied the pirate history podcast but I
think a lot of its selling point is
people like pirates open world online do
whatever you hate online I don't want I
don't want I don't want my gaming
experiences tied to other people a lot
of people are usually jerks yeah well
then you get to sail a boat but would
you want to do it for stream at any
point that'll be the only time I do it
if me and Jack did it for stream sure Oh
like I bring a mic in your yeah they're
probably the only time I would do it
it's not something I have enough
interested in I have enough interest to
do it on my own
sure sure
and the answer is maybe
the answer is maybe we would have to
deal with the Windows Store so that that
causes its own problems was it only on
xbox yes Windows exclusive Windows Store
yeah yeah yep yep yep no I don't pretend
I don't watch Game of Thrones I watch
Game of Thrones reluctantly because I
enjoy spending time with my wife and she
likes watching Game of Thrones and so
I'm there to you know spend time with my
wife and watch a thing that she enjoys
watching and I'm not like I'm not like a
bitch like I won't complain about it
like while we're watching it you know
you will let her enjoy it I'll complain
about it to you guys but I'm not gonna
like like oh why are we watching Game of
Thrones like she wants to watch it
that's fine I don't bitch about it when
we want when we're watching and I just
bitch about it here because it's
something had fun a bitch a bag and I
know she doesn't my wife doesn't watch
the stream so I was fine sometimes just
got you got you got to do it sometimes
yeah yeah I like ever you know she
watches movies that I want to watch and
I know she doesn't necessarily care
about and so I watch stuff you know
that's how it works
compromise we got one TV Richard take
the fish you just did you got them fishy
Oh cooked up a little fish meal all
right sorry I like dark world where we
got here oh my oh my
what was that it so bad as long as you
can keep moving nice idea
nice rich well-played sir well played I
don't pitch about things Jack now I
bitch about a lot of things but you know
I try to try to be courteous
nicely done
thank you quick tip for anyone who
doesn't know if you throw your weapon it
does double damage so if you know it's
about to break it's a good excuse to
throw your weapon so it does double
damage this is true rich can't put on a
shirt because he doesn't have a shirt
yes did I get one I got one of the
chests nevermind
rich got a sheet yet and instead wanted
to be shirtless oh now we're doing the
invisible chest shit again well I think
there's a chest on pedis pedestal
nevermind sorry Chad I wasn't paying
attention
rich wasn't paying attention he got the
shirt
Jack explanation on force watch game of
thrones' textbook addict behavior I I
was never forced to watch a game of
Thrones I chose to watch Game of Thrones
so I could spend time with my wife no
I've never felt compelled to watch it he
is so full of shit I can smell him so
unbelievably irredeemably full of shit
where did I get all that shit from my
body mostly fucker just give you a
little zap you're hitting him with a
torch I know oh why this is probably not
gonna get much of damage to me and I
want to get rid of some of the crap
weapons rather than go through all of
the good ones okay that's fair Oh is
there green-screen flipping I don't know
why it does that
the third slay the spider character
should be in the betta branch really
soon possibly tomorrow that's exciting
can't wait to see who it is other is
rich lost his booms boom sir rings
I won't slay the spire for tablets so
badly yes slay the spire would make a
wonderful iPad game I agree I hope the
developers go that route once the game
is complete more so for them there's
good money in tablet gaming mobile
gaming I know the the FTL people have
have talked much about the success of
FTL on the iPad how does one get up
there
huh how strange how annoying oh there we
go
there it is you found the thing you did
it and alright I know what the head boss
is gonna be like is it this is boss boss
Lionel oh it's gotta be Lionel
well this is Guardian world it's
probably either a guardian or one of
those major tests of strength style
Guardians you know oh sure
get out of there get out of there link
they go down what a hero
take out all the shooting ones here
right
nice nice well done well done sir not so
bad once you get past win world
spider-man looks like Arkham light I
think it's looking good
it looks like Arkham light it does look
and I'm okay with it i hain't got to
work very well for spider-man obviously
everyone has QuickTime event cutscene
concerns ugly costume concern is
superficial alright I admit I admit it's
superficial but it's gonna be
distracting to me for the entire fucking
game
I don't mind it Adam my Amanda did that
ugly fucking white spider off of your
chest spider-man it looks like crap oh
Jesus
oh shit yeah your stasis can freeze them
when they when they're all spinny like
that if you don't want to waste your
pillars nicely done nicely done
honey was doing the other attack where
he charged up oh no spinny first yeah
that's all right that's all right you
got food eat your fish do it do it eat
your fish nicely done
Oh his speedy friend his spinny Fred was
there
oh man to modest test of strength
guardians at once that's pretty intense
pretty intense it's kind of fun yeah Wow
I can't carry any more weapons wow what
do I have it's garbage oh yeah I'm sure
you have something that's guy over gym
yeah get rid of that and that wouldn't
spike that's good I might want like a
swag I got a spear I guess wait how many
weapons lying around
remember the weird spider-man with the
cutoff jean jacket I think you're
talking about Scarlet Spider Ben Riley
that was and it was like a sweater right
there's a hoodie with the arms cut off
it was like a it was a blue sweater with
the our little buddy with a spider on at
the arms cut off yeah yeah and you know
what
it was weird yes Ben rally the Scarlet
Spider that was weird and ugly that was
very weird and ugly Oh
two of them just one bottle
I'll deal oh yeah yeah that's that seems
a little too easy I absolutely have some
food wasn't there spider-man where he
Cronenberg into an actual spider yeah
you're thinking of man spider like a
storyline yeah that wasn't like a that
wasn't a running thing he just grew some
extra arms this is gonna take forever
yes this guy's got some health
what about the one with the paper bag on
his head that was actually just for like
one panel of a of a Fantastic Four
crossover event and he had he had a
fantastic four outfit and he put a bag
over it that was the issue when
Spiderman first found out that the
symbionts was a living thing
spider-man first got the venom costume
yeah he thought it was just a weird
piece of alien technology mm-hmm then I
forget the details weird stuff happened
so what to see his good friend mr.
fantastic and he's like ah this is the
thing living thing right and so then
they took the costume off of them
wouldn't some got a containment thing
and he had nothing to go home in and the
fantasy or an old Fantastic Four uniform
and they don't wag they don't wear masks
didn't wear masks and put a paper bag
over his head and then Johnny Storm I
don't know if you remember this part
Johnny Storm put a kick me sign on the
back of the uniform I want to say they
made a bag head spider-man action figure
ones and I want one
nope no horses here rich you might need
to stay system
yeah nice dodge way down right you don't
know if there's anything after this and
so it's like what what sort of weapons
are you gonna need like you have plenty
of arrows and don't forget like bombs
and shit
because there could be there could be
anything after this another one of these
oh shit
charge up charge up yeah that's all
right
to the old circle to the old circle I
know you got it you got it all right you
know what's up you got this you got this
jeez Louise
Oh whoo that is so nuts when now there's
more after this possibly there's gotta
be more probably there's got to be more
his spider-man web of shadows good
that's great too my favorite spider-man
game it's also a secret zombie game that
was it yeah that was it that was fine
you did it
what is rich trying to accomplish this
is the trial of the sword you start each
you start how long this plays Wow
you start each trial with nothing no
food items no weapons no clothes and try
to make it to the end and he just did
the second run of the of the trial and
with with every defeat of the trial your
master sword becomes slightly more
powerful listen I don't want you to but
do you think you could fall off
okay good I was thinking for like it
might kick you back just a little bit
further I was just wondering if you
actually could fall off and I loved it
that you can I love it that you couldn't
fall off it would have been terrible if
that like kills right then you had to go
all the way back to the beginning I know
but but I think he did it anyway because
that would have been a really funny way
to end no no web of shadows used to be
on PC I got really excited because after
you mentioned web of shadows like a
couple days after you mentioned it yeah
steam if you follow steam on Twitter
they'll like announce game sales yeah
and they announced a web of shadow say I
was like oh my god go there but it was
like they miss tweeted something and
it's no longer on Steam which is really
upsetting web of shadows I could swear
started up development as a Marvel
Zombies game okay I could swear it day
at some point they just they it got axed
to the idea of doing Marvel Zombies game
and they said are the people infected by
venom symbionts perfect the people
who've taken advantage of me and so that
zombies but it's got that it's got the
slow burn start yeah like it starts off
you're investigating some kind of
kingpin hijinks oh okay then crazy
people start showing up in the street
and then it gets out of control by the
end of the game like a zombie game
interesting and the the other reason I
think it possibly started off as a
Marvel Zombies Games Marvel zombie game
because there's a there's an optional
evil route for spider-man in a
spider-man game there's an optional you
go bad route interesting yeah into I
gotta get my hands on this game
one of these days I'll find a way to
play you you haven't you have some
fights against some super heroes really
if you go that way yeah Oh find this
game Chuck Fox says remember that
commits Ian curates cartoons on
Saturdays this Saturday is Ninja Scroll
Akira and the Sci Fi Degrassi film
redline don't miss it thanks for
watching Rambo and GI Joe with us last
Saturday rich yeah they're watching
cartoons on the movie dicks oh yeah
that's great
that's great though you know there was a
Rambo cartoon there was a Rambo cartoon
I never saw it when I was a kid I wanted
to I could never find it on TV
there was a Rambo cartoon they sold
Rambo toys and the toy side into the
Rambo cartoon that's great yeah that's
great what a what a disgrace dr. Luber
dub says just took delivery of a new
graphics card Hey
a mate of mine built my PC years ago but
I'm going to have a crack at installing
it myself wish me luck good luck top
doctor dooba dooba dooba dooba dooba
doobi zoobi doobi jujube chuck fox says
jack important question have your kids
ever dabbed on you would you be okay
with this or would you be very heat I
don't know what wheat means but yes my
children know what dabbing is and all
the kids at their school are super into
this dabbing situation this is the the
new trend among the children it's always
gonna be something stupid yeah well and
you know that it's a whole thing with
them and they they love it they think
it's hilarious I don't understand at all
III heaped a ton of praise on Webber
shadow you did I will forewarn you okay
there's there's one there's one fly in
the ointment with Webber shadows okay it
might be one of Peter Parker's worst of
voices
it's a terrible Peter Parker who does
the voice I don't know I'm exuberant
sure sure peaches is super bad voice if
you can get past that damn fine
spider-man game I mean that's pretty
important hey no I know it's a pretty
important thing I will tell you this
even though I didn't mind Tobey Maguire
as spider-man in the movies I did find
his voice work in the spider-man games
to be a little much yeah yeah yeah okay
I mean as far as I'm concerned the only
spider-man voice is Chris dan Barnes
button I just I just want people to be
prepared because somebody's gonna find
that game based on am I talking about it
huh they should know they should know
cuz it's really obvious when you hear it
oh that's that's not fun game though
okay it's not talking all the time
alright see what you need is a PC
version and then a model voice track
yeah find it find a good voice actor
give them a bit of money
yeah that's great Jack dabbing has been
dead for two years children don't care
about what's popular young children
young children my children are very
young they don't care about what's hip
or cool or in or out they think dabbing
is the bee's knees so fac-1 1-1 says did
you guys like the agent venom storyline
at all not sure if it's still going on
but just felt ungodly weird to me that's
where they had a team of venom soldiers
that were working for shield I think
Eddie Brock was like a soldier he was
like a Captain America venom this is the
real thing I haven't been into a comic
book store in over a decade at this
point I can't help you yeah it was weird
I think I read one issue and decided it
wasn't for me so that's it that's that's
the last that's it now
that's the last tip
so now it is the time in the stream that
is the time when we read the names of
the names of the people forgive the the
subscriptions the streams that's true
much like Rukia licious Benny Harvey
r.i.p big man lo when our Rexy copter
zero says missed out on the last couple
streams cuz I was playing dad of war and
didn't want it spoiled keep up the good
work young Richard thank you yeah well
well we'll do a thing for the episode
where we you know talk about it spoiler
free for a little bit and some people
care about story and stuff you know
Irish I respect and some people do so
it's like hey here spoiler free from
here on out we go falls boy you know
we'll do that for the official review k
earner hometown markup for 45
motherfucking months in a row purple
space bazooka for 39 motherfucking
months in a row who says OMG 39 months
I'm a little over three years old at I'm
at that perfect age to be screaming
behind you on a long flight so I have
that going for me which is nice
keep up the good work guys thanks for
all you do the real Nick boy for twenty
four fucking months in a row says some
first seventeen thousand five hundred
and twenty hours I need a nap apply
science Christos del Erie ninety is all
right that's as best as I can read it
haha
zero who says thanks guys for all the
entertainment which is much appreciated
while I'm writing my thesis Jack what is
your strategy to keep yourself motivated
and not to procrastinate that that's the
question man
so the the answer is sometimes I don't
know what motivates me sometimes money
vote motivates me right and sometimes
you have to remember I'm an incredible
idiot and I find myself to be incredibly
hilarious so I think a lot of things a
lot of times what motivates me is my own
ego I'll get there I'll get this oh no I
think I want you to think about this and
so like sometimes I will have a really
dumb idea
to make something and I will think it's
so funny that I will say the world needs
this well how's that Christian Bale's
Batman coming along and I just don't
think the world needs that apply science
I'm just being honest I like I think
that's part of it but yeah I I don't
know what motivates most people is the
real thing it's just I have an urge
inside me that makes me do things and I
turn that into a regular schedule where
we do be sandwich for 12 months in a row
who says 12 months damn if twitch Prime
hadn't screwed me the first time I would
have gotten 20 fucking months in a row
oh well I'll settle for a few months
more to get to the fucking thanks for
you streams are in Jake
welcome veggies sixty four four twenty
four fucking months in a row the pale
hunter who says hope is the first step
on the road to disappear midnight hero
for 30 fucking months in a row cavada
resting which face child of furniture
give us more
for thirty two fucking months in a row
white sasquatch has oh wait what oh
let's I don't know if that was on
purpose but like oh the white Sasquatch
has a underscore in between white and
sasquatch
and then another underscore after
Sasquatch which makes it look like the
house it makes it look like white the
Sasquatch has is the name when it's
white says white Sasquatch has recent
screen exactly I get it now yep
everything mr. blinken who says hey guys
not sure if you have any roadtrip
experience but I'm planning on driving
alone
II got 900 plus miles from Dever Denver
to Minneapolis and I was wondering if
this would be safe to do within a day
probably not I'll also be doing some
heavy driving the day before as well I
think people overestimate how fucking
big those states between Denver and
Minneapolis are that's probably too much
for one day's Drive probably because
you're crossing at one of the Dakotas
you're crossing all of Minnesota good to
get to Minneapolis you'll want to die
yeah that's you'll want to die and you
don't want to fall asleep on the road is
the other thing on the on the western
end of one of the Dakotas are some
bigger towns where you can stay at cheap
motels mm-hmm
that's I'd say make it a two-day or just
because you don't you don't want to be
driving the other thing about the
Dakotas is they're very flat and very
boring so it starts to get around 8 or 9
o'clock at night you're used to going to
bed there's nothing to look at you're
getting kind of sleepy that's when you
die in a car accident so yeah
I've nearly gone insane on 5-hour drugs
oh yeah yeah oh man I love road trips
and I could I could I could drive for
hours straight but you have to know your
own limits and and drive safe you know
all right
are we at here where are we gonna get
resting which face I think I said that
that's a new one well that's a sometimes
they mm yeah see Jesus for 16 months in
a row they don't robe for 45
motherfucking months in a row says hope
is a Peter Parker cameo and the venom
movie where Donald Glover shows up for
five seconds why would it be Donald
Glover I know he wanted to play Peter
Parker he wanted to play I think are
they saying that this is gonna be yet
another universe Peter Parker and that
it's Donald Glover Donald Glover wanted
to play Miles Morales okay but ended up
playing Miles his uncle in spider-man
homecoming did he want to play my own
Morales you want to play a black version
of Peter Parker I don't know is there
much difference I don't read write even
read much of the Miles Morales I don't
know if their characters are basically
the same oh they're good very similar
they're very similar characters Donald
Glover is the Prowler he's miles Miles
Morales uncle in spider-man homecoming
yeah I know that right and so then
that's not a Peter Parker cameo right
unless it's fine move on great dr. Cyrus
who says say hi to my dogs
Tesla Dali and Lulu all right
hello dear dogs who can't understand
what I'm saying and might be mildly
confused to hear their names coming out
of the box on your desk true Bloorview
Donald Glover wasn't homecoming as that
one gangbanger he's credited as being
the Prowler he talks about climbing
gloves he talks about his nephew so it's
generally assumed that he is the prowler
in spider-man homecoming universe who is
the uncle of Miles Morales heads up
that's the dork stuff
we're Brody 20 push level who says yo yo
cuz that is I guess they're doing a
miles movie I was gonna how does my
other miles rights work with the sony
disney deal they're doing the anime
they're doing the animated one well it's
the but that's into the spider-verse of
peter parker's also there and there's
and there's I think there's gonna be
multiple spider but yeah yeah it's gonna
be a clusterfuck of spider-man it's
gonna be an absolute clusterfuck with
that weird jittery animation style I
don't get it so cool alright if you're
hype for I am I we have we only have
that one trailer but man it looks neat
but I think I think that's a good that's
the smart decision for Sony because they
can't compete with how good homecoming
is and so they're like let's just make
our own thing off in a corner we'll give
it to Lord and Miller they'll make
something weird and interesting what do
you think it's Disney developing matter
such as Sony that's just Sony ok yeah ok
ok then if Marvel wanted to put a
live-action Miles Morales in a movie
could they do it absolutely
alright I don't know I don't know how
the rights break down oh oh yeah if
Disney wanted to do it if ok no sorry
and I didn't put that together
does Disney have the rights to ultimate
spider-man oh that's a really important
this this deals gonna be a headache at
some point it's gonna be a big headache
that's a really good you know what my
guess is my guess is they don't okay
because if they did they'd have done it
our deal structured Sony can pull out
pretty much anytime they want
yeah yeah you want it back now
we can do it they they they shouldn't
Disney shouldn't have made the deal they
should have just waited it out waited it
out they just own it like they did with
Fox sunny suffocating you know they
should have just my opinion yeah
they should have just waited it out they
saw an opportunity to get my back man we
got a great movie out of it we sure did
we did
Miles Morales is now on earth-616 of the
Technica how DMC you doesn't care about
that though the MCU would just introduce
miles as a native to the MCU right but
Miles Morales is spider-man
yeah and so they can't use him because
he's spider-man but it's I don't know I
don't know I really don't know here's
here's what I actually want I want to
hear the the lawyer argument for this
don't you
Sony's versus Disney's lawyers actually
hashing out who owns the rights to Miles
Morales spider-man well you see it takes
place on a different earth this is
earth-616 so it's obviously different
well he's still called spider-man well
as soon as different well he's a
different character well he's the Sony
own spider-man and not spider-man is the
only has the rights to use spider-man
and we're making spider-man
so saudis making spider-man movie while
Dizzy's making their spider-man movie
and you see that's why it's legal for us
to make a third spider-man spider-man
teams up with spider-man it's right here
in black and white that's great weird no
I did Brody already oh oh yeah we did
about gruel sandwich
who says double digits ten months of Mad
free Amazon Duckett's for you good sirs
and you know then there's the awkward
moment where just to clear the confusion
one of the lawyers has to say the black
one
really
that really awkward a moment
an old white judge is standing in front
of a bunch of old white lawyers and the
judge goes I'm sorry but um what's
spider-man are we talking about here and
you have one like the G the junior
attorneys like sir Sir the
the Africa BFF all the African is that
like is that like Black Panther know the
African the black one the black is he
and what Conda is well some very
different sir I liked that movie with
the rhinoceros that was a very good one
oh well Jack trigger choice it puts it
better
sir the the urban Spiderman the urban
spider-man that's that's how they would
say don't they both operate in New York
City I also just really liked the idea
of a race is sold to I judge really
liking Black Panther my because
everybody does right like see from
Wakanda to I saw that movie is that
that's not on video yet right no I gotta
do my my infinity ward ketchup but it's
might still be in the theater I know
that's right and I'm just gonna watch
Ragnarok and structure strange I think a
big part of of the movie takes place in
Wakanda you you what do I need to know
other than what Conda is a place though
yeah probably just that yeah reg reg
nirach might be the most important movie
to see I know a lot of shit changes in
that a lot of shit changes in that dr.
strange is in I mean I I might want just
the introduction to the mystical ship
sure sure yeah all right that's fair
what else do you need to know yeah what
kind of the place that exists oh well
what you should know is that they were a
secret city and and then at the end of
black panther he says hey yo we're a
thing we got some shit okay and so okay
that's part of what you need to know for
for that so people know about what
condom technology now well that was like
the that was that was like the end line
yeah it was like so Wakanda and so we
assume that people are about to find out
about makanda okay
all right they go ten months
Amazon ducats for you sirs I just
finished a trial of swords hey
congratulations
one of the most aggravating experiences
I've ever had with the cells a game but
so far worth it
I mean to get that Master Sword that
powerful it wouldn't have been that bad
without the fucking wind world that area
thanks for the stream fellas well thank
you girl sandwich okay Wow
I think si hua ve Schwab butter with a
CH instead of an S so it's not suave
it's Schwartz hua Shao Qi wild 12 agrees
wave oh I like that wave says have this
free money yes thank you we appreciate
your free Amazon money Dukie rampage who
says apparently it's telling me to send
you a message for the thing even though
I did the thing last week okay Theodore
J hooker for 44 motherfucking monster
roses whoo 44 months
what happens at 48 oh you'll see you
start over
it's incentive C work your back work
your way back up to motherfucking I
wouldn't be that cruel no no no there'll
be something chocolate shake 25 you're
in charge of it your insurer coming up
with it yeah and implementing it okay
it's all you jack
it's all you it's gonna be big it's
gonna be big or not big at all
st. Jeff jumped in 89 for 31 fucking
months in a row who says thanks for the
stream guys what are the odds
Captain America pretends to be sick and
steals a car in infinity war probably
pretty low ultimate call back ultimate
call back not enough people know about
it no nobody no fucking nobody knows
about it our viewers do what I think
we're a small section of the yes
we are that's somebody I you know what
thinking I was just going through the
Marvel Cinematic Universe Captain
America yeah they already paid a slight
omage to the other Captain America movie
when he put his shield on the front of a
motorcycle I in Captain America Winter
Soldier so obviously they're gonna all
Minds just one to I don't know I don't
know Egon that's concrete technically
also in Winter Soldier he does steal a
car though he doesn't pretend to be sick
okay so he but he did steal a car that's
a great question we were at John I don't
clown porn I do I think is what I'm
supposed to be I do okay but don't say
it all no I you know what I'm just not
going to do that that's great as far as
I'm concerned their name is i do' i
don't i do clamp run
I know clown 0rn there you go that's
their name is first oh I do I do
what Matt was taken Greco schmeyer men
slew beer coaster for 19 months in a row
says always great to see more Zelda even
better to play more Zelda man this game
is fantastic juggle faces peanut popper
turn smuggling's for 15 months in a row
who says thanks as always for all the
laughs and entertainment you fucks lol
Don my Wilson thank you
obese Maurice
gamertag 185 space camo 444
motherfucking months in a row Len flex
in ski for 20 fucking months in a row
who says rich did you ever think that in
that infinity war comic series would
ever be adapted into a movie
well I never thought infinity war would
be adapted to do a comic book movie but
they're not adapting infinity war
they're adapting the Infinity Gauntlet
into a comic book movie but they're
calling it infinity war and I never
thought they would be adapting either
actually but especially not war right
which is just stupid pants
Jimmy Jimmerson arcticus ranks for 19
months in a row says 19 months and I'm
still here
how in the fuck it's a great question
either I have a question okay how are
how are like Barnes Nobles in the comic
book store is gonna handle this they're
gonna have people looking for infinity
war and that's like this shitty sequel
to Infinity Gauntlet how are they gonna
clear up this confusion are they going
to retitle printings of the Infinity
Gauntlet as infinity war
my guess is yeah they will put both out
you know like so like hey you know from
from the movies right Marvel yeah
they'll put up both you know trade
paperbacks of both collections and just
kind of make it obvious which one came
out first and hope that people are like
oh this one seems to come right before
this maybe I should read gauntlet first
okay maybe or maybe they'll put like a
based on the movie above gauntlet and
everyone will just be very confused
isn't it already infinity war infinity
war is the shitty sequel to infinity
gauntlet and Infinity Gauntlet is
basically the movie that Marvel is
making presumably we don't know
well that's dealing with fan OHS as the
villain it's infinity call I feel like
this this is the exact same scenario
they put themselves in with Civil War
which is a movie with the same title
that has very little to do with the
comic series that it was based off of
the comic infinity war is Thanos teaming
up with everybody to stop the evil clone
of Adam warlock that just gave me a man
your ISM that's a lot yeah and they all
fight evil duplicates do adopt
doppelgangers of themselves who are kind
of monstrous versions of themselves
that's great that's great but Infinity
Gauntlet is Thanos coming to Earth to
destroy Earth and then infinity Crusade
which is the third one will fuck you is
everybody teaming up to fight
Adam warlocks female clone who was
really religious and turns half of the
heroes ultra-religious and then the
heroes fight each other
the ultra-religious heroes and the
non-religious heroes man rich why'd you
ever give up reading comic books the
good one is gauntlet yeah
QB nope we're down there QB Eagles who
says serenity now vulgar puppy says
great content is always my dudes fort my
knight welcome junior Rees 45 domestic
Yeti true Xenu for 13 months in a row
since you guys ever played Psychonauts
opinions it's free this month with
twitch prime actually never have played
Psychonauts a bone passed me by and
while I thought it had a lot of positive
aspects overall I found it very
frustrating okay because
it was filled with many levels and in
every level you got a new psychic power
and so then every level was your learn
how to use your psychic power power
level but then you never got to the
point where you could like master all of
your powers and use them appropriately
eventually like you've got all your
powers and then the game ended so I
found that very disappointing okay I
found it a little frustrating so it was
like like a car enough time where you
you learn power for that dungeon and you
almost never use it again right right
well you know except for you know in
Ocarina then you could use those powers
like outside the dungeon til I get
trapped use them in different levels but
they just weren't useful you couldn't
use them at all you just you just well
you just didn't there was no there was
no need to use them outside like maybe
maybe one or two small things here there
but yeah I was I was not overall like I
came out disappointed with Psychonauts
but it had you know like a really cute
story and fun characters good art style
some neat stuff but one of the
weaknesses of the Zelda series some of
them is the the very specific dungeon
yeah there's no use after that yeah
except for the boomerang that that
boomerang was the monster Oh chunks
sorry think of me
Bentham 99 who says I grew up in
Milwaukee and I never knew it as the
Cream City I swear it to you it is a
thing I said it on the boat tour is they
said it on the boat tour I'm sure they
wouldn't make something up because
there's just nothing interesting to say
about the city on the boat tour did you
go fast the poop recycler II no I didn't
go past the poop recycler II they
probably wanted to draw attention away
from the poop recycle we're very proud
of our poop recycler II it makes
fertilizer we make milorganite out of
our own poop we make plant fertilizer
out of our own poop it's actually pretty
neat
Chicago doesn't give a shit if we're so
cool man we make milorganite which is
which is fertilizer out of our own poop
start a treatment plan it's pretty neat
Pez
eze freak milorganite like Milwaukee who
says hello guys keep up the good work
love from Sweden meant to kiss for 19
months in a row milorganite which is
Milwaukee organic nitrate who says Shh
it's right shut the fuck up and try to
make a movie then you can talk shit
otherwise you can go fuck my cock I mean
they might not want to fuck your cock
but might not want to you know but I you
know again just trying to posit Turk ich
Jade 8 I'm sorry Chuck I'm sorry I
stopped you from talking about the
Milwaukee shit
Milwaukee organic nitrate compound it's
so do you remember oh I think we've
talked about this before I guy we had a
problem with our sewage treatment plant
never in Milwaukee got horrible diarrhea
everyone in the city should have held
off for a few more names before not
three more names Jack and I'm not
sticking them because it was a fucking
what I do that I know but people are
like why does Jack know about this why
is it such a big deal because there was
a national rule for fructose meridiem
still rich is elavil for social security
and so we had to complete Black Dynamite
your knives our sewage treatment plant
Duke fizzle B to deal with all of our
wastewater donations from the Saudis
poisoning okay and
karna decided to recycle it into our own
farmlands work again comes from
